<doc id="19198415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198415" title="33rd Battalion (Australia)">
33rd Battalion (Australia)

The 33rd Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army. Formed in 1916, the battalion fought on the Western Front during World War I. It was disbanded after the war, but later re-raised as a part-time unit based in New South Wales. During the inter war years, it was amalgamated with other battalions a couple of times before being re-raised in its own right in 1936. During World War II, the battalion remained in Australia and in 1942 was amalgamated with the 13th Battalion, which was disbanded the following year having not served overseas.
History.
World War I.
Raised for service during World War I as part of the all-volunteer 1st Australian Imperial Force (AIF), the 33rd Battalion was formed in Australian in January 1916 as part of an expansion of the AIF that took place after the Gallipoli campaign. The majority of the battalion's personnel came from the New England region of New South Wales and as a result the 33rd Battalion came to be known unofficially as “New England’s Own”. Along with the 34th, 35th and 36th Battalions, all of which were raised from New South Wales, the 33rd formed the 9th Brigade of the Australian 3rd Division. Consisting of four companies, initially the battalion was formed along regional lines: 'A' Company was made from recruits drawn from Armidale and Tamworth; 'B' Company from Walcha, Uralla, Barraba, Bingara, New South Wales, and Manilla; 'C' Company from Narrabi, Moree, and Inverell; and 'D' Company from Glen Innes, Guyra, and Tenterfield.
With an authorised strength of 1,023 men, the battalion’s first commanding officer was Lieutenant Colonel Leslie Morshead, who later reached the rank of lieutenant general and commanded an Australian corps against the Japanese during World War II. After undertaking initial training at the showgrounds in Armidale, the battalion moved to Maitland, where they concentrated with the rest of the 9th Brigade. On 3 May 1916, the battalion entrained for Sydney, where they embarked upon the HMAT "Marathon". Although originally it had been intended that they would go to Egypt, en route the battalion was redirected to the United Kingdom.
Sailing via Albany, in Western Australia, and making stops at Durban, Cape Town and Dakar, the battalion arrived in the United Kingdom on 9 July 1916. Moving to Larkhill, on Salisbury Plain, the 33rd underwent five months of intense training along with the rest of the 3rd Division to prepare them for the rigours of war on the Western Front, before moving to France in late November, crossing the English Channel on the ferry "Mona Queen". After arriving in Le Havre, in France, the battalion moved by rail to Bailleul, from where they marched to the front, occupying a section of the line around Armentières. Assigned to a "nursery" sector, for the next month they rotated between occupying the forward trenches and undertaking training courses, as the battalion was introduced to life on the European battlefield. Although the battalion gained some experience of combat over Christmas, when they launched raids against the German lines, their first major battle did not come until mid-1917, by which time the focus of British operations had shifted to the Ypres sector in Belgium.
This first battle came at Messines where the 33rd, along with the rest of the 9th Brigade, led the 3rd Division's assault. After a number of mines were exploded in front of their positions, the assault began. The 33rd went in on the right, around Ploegsteert Wood, having been chosen especially for the position due to its danger. Despite suffering around 200 casualties from Allied gas-shells that had dropped short, the battalion went "over the top" at the appointed hour and, after skirting the large crater the mine had caused, secured their objective. After the battle, the battalion remained at the front, holding the ground they had gained, enduring almost constant shelling. The 33rd's casualties amounted to 92 killed in action or died of wounds, and 260 wounded; the heaviest they would suffer for the entire war.
Messines was followed by actions during the Third Battle of Ypres in October. Moving up to Zonnebeke on the night of 2/3 October, in the first week of the push against Broodseinde, they were assigned a support role as the narrowness of the front limited the role of the 3rd Division. On 12 October, the Allied attack progressed into a second phase and the 3rd Division was thrown into the assault during the First Battle of Passchendaele. Heavily depleted, with a frontage of just 242 men, they fought around Augustus Wood, where the Germans had established many pillboxes before heavy rain washed away any hope of an Allied breakthrough.
The following year, as the Germans launched a major offensive on the Western Front, they were thrust into the line in a desperate attempt to hold the line in front of the vital railhead of Amiens. There, the 33rd took part in heavy fighting when the Australians counter-attacked at Hangard Wood on 30 March, before finally turning back the German attack on Villers-Bretonneux on 4 April. At the end of the month, the battalion amalgamated with the 36th Battalion, as part of a general re-organisation of the AIF necessitated by heavy casualties and falling recruitment, which saw the disbandment of three battalions – the 36th, 47th and 52nd – in order to reinforce others.
In August, the Allies launched their own offensive – the Hundred Days Offensive – which ultimately brought about an end to the war. The 33rd was committed to the battle on 8 August, tasked with capturing Accroche Wood. A series of advances followed as the Allies broke through the German defences along the Hindenburg Line. After attacking around Road Wood in late August, they were withdrawn for three weeks training before taking part in a joint American-Australian attack at Bellecourt in late September. Following up the Americans, the 33rd held off a strong counter-attack by German forces around Gillemont Farm, before carrying out mopping-up operations towards Bony. After this, in early October, the battalion was pulled back to the Abbeville area, taking up billets in Citerne, where they remained until the armistice was signed in November.
Following the end of hostilities, the battalion's numbers were slowly reduced as personnel were repatriated to Australia for demobilisation and finally, in May 1919, the battalion was disbanded. During the course of the war, the 33rd Battalion lost 451 killed men and 2,052 wounded. Two members of the battalion received the Victoria Cross: John Carroll and George Cartwright.
Inter war years and subsequent service.
After the war, when Australia's military was re-organised to perpetuate the numerical designations of the AIF units in 1921, the battalion was reformed as a part-time unit of the Citizens Force, based in the New England region, assigned to the 1st Brigade. This was achieved by transferring personnel from two previously existing units: the 2nd Battalion, 33rd Infantry Regiment and the 2nd Battalion, 35th Infantry Regiment. In 1927, when territorial designations were introduced, the battalion adopted the title of the "New England Regiment" and the motto "Strenue Percute". From the outset, the Citizen Forces units were maintained through a mixture of voluntary and compulsory service; however, in 1929, the Universal Training Scheme was abolished by the Scullin Labor government and replaced with an all volunteer force known as the "Militia". This, coupled with the austerity of the Great Depression, resulted in a decline of volunteers and, as a result, the 33rd Battalion was amalgamated with the 35th Battalion to form the 35th/33rd Battalion. In 1933, the 35th/33rd was split and the 33rd joined with the 41st Battalion to form the 33rd/41st Battalion. They remained linked until October 1936, when the 33rd Battalion was reformed in its own right as part of an expansion of Australia's military force as tensions rose in Europe, raising concerns of a future war.
During World War II, due to the provisions of the "Defence Act", which precluded Militia units from being sent outside Australian territory to fight, the battalion remained in Australia undertaking garrison duties. Initially it served as part of the 1st Brigade, but in February 1942, following Japan's entry into the war, the 33rd Battalion was transferred to the 32nd Brigade, which formed part of the Newcastle Covering Force that had been tasked to defend against a possible Japanese invasion. On 27 August 1942, the battalion was linked with the 13th Battalion to become the 13th/33rd Battalion. It was disbanded on 25 November 1943 having not served outside Australia.
Alliances.
The 33rd Battalion held the following alliances:
Battle honours.
For its service, the 33rd Battalion received the following battle honours:
Commanding officers.
The following officers commanded the 33rd during World War I:

</doc>
<doc id="19198419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198419" title="Rothorn">
Rothorn

The name Rothorn (German for "Red Peak") is a common name for summits in the Alps. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19198427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198427" title="Langdale Chase">
Langdale Chase

Langdale Chase consists of six acres of landscaped gardens sloping from the Langdale Chase Hotel to the shore of Windermere in Cumbria, in the Lake District of north west England. The Hotel was built as a private house in the late 18th century for a wealthy Manchester business family. The gardens were planned and laid out by Thomas Hayton Mawson, a landscape architect of international distinction, who was also responsible for the gardens at the Peace Palace in the Hague.
The terraces have panoramic views of Windermere and flowering azaleas and rhododendrons in May.

</doc>
<doc id="19198428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198428" title="Sholto Taylor">
Sholto Taylor

Sholto Taylor (born 1 September 1972, is a New Zealand), wheelchair rugby player, and a member of the national team, the Wheel Blacks.
He has competed with the Wheel Blacks at several international events, including the 1996 Summer Paralympics, the 2000 Summer Paralympics (winning bronze), the 2004 Summer Paralympics (gold), and the 2006 World Championships (silver). Taylor was the flagbearer of New Zealand's delegation at the Opening Ceremony of the 2008 Paralympics. His team finished in fifth place at those games.

</doc>
<doc id="19198507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198507" title="12th Special Forces Group">
12th Special Forces Group

The 12th Special Forces Group (Airborne) was constituted 5 July 1942 in the United States Army as the 6th Company, 2d Battalion, First Regiment, 1st Special Service Force, a joint Canadian-American organization.
History.
Activated 9 July 1942 at Fort William Henry Harrison, Montana.
Disbanded 6 January 1945 in France.
Reconstituted 15 April 1960 in Regular Army; concurrently, Consolidated with Company C, 2d Infantry Battalion and consolidated unit designated as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 12th Special Forces Group, 1st Special Forces.
Withdrawn 14 December 1969 from the Regular Army and allotted to the Army Reserve (organic elements concurrently constituted).
Group activated 24 March 1961 with Headquarters at Chicago, Illinois.
Location of Headquarters changed 19 January 1964 to Oak Park, Illinois; changed 1 September 1970 to Arlington Heights, Illinois.
The Group was inactivated, along with the 11th Special Forces Group, on 15 September 1995.
Many members of the 12th SFG transferred to 20th SFG following the group's deactivation.

</doc>
<doc id="19198518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198518" title="Daniel Anyiam">
Daniel Anyiam

Daniel Amobi Amadi Anyiam (November 26, 1926 – July 6, 1977) was a Nigerian football player and coach who was the national football coach of the country from 1954-1956 and again from 1964-1965. Prior to training as a coach, he was a player and was the first captain of the national team in 1949. He was also the first coach of Enugu Rangers and was selector for the national team after the Biafran War.
A stadium in Owerri is named after him. He went to C.M.S. Central School, Nkwerre, Orlu, Etinan Institute, and Government Teacher's College, Calabar. He worked in the press offices of the West African Pilot briefly and then joined the staff of U.A.C. in Lagos where he also played football. He was U.A.C.'s captain when they won the 1950 Governor's Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19198527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198527" title="Sack-O-Grande Acroport">
Sack-O-Grande Acroport

Sack-O-Grande Acroport , also known as the Harbican Airport (formerly 9XS9) is an airport in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States. It is located seven nautical miles (13 km) north of the central business district of the city of Katy.
The owner is Sack-O-Grande Incorporated, which is based in Hedwig Village, Texas.
Facilities.
Sack-O-Grande Acroport covers an area of at an elevation of 165 feet (50 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 9/27 with a 3,950 by 100 feet (1,204 x 30 m) turf surface.

</doc>
<doc id="19198535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198535" title="Michiel Kramer">
Michiel Kramer

Michiel Kramer (born 3 December 1988 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for ADO Den Haag. He formerly played for NAC Breda and FC Volendam.
Career.
Kramer joined FC Volendam from NAC Breda in June 2009. He scored his first goal on 4 December 2009 in an away match against FC Emmen in a 4–2 win, actually with Kramer scoring a clean hattrick.

</doc>
<doc id="19198576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198576" title="Abel Chimukoko">
Abel Chimukoko

Abel Chimukoko (born September 29, 1972) is a Zimbabwean long-distance runner. He competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, where he finished in 48th place (2:22:09) in the men's marathon race. His personal best time is 2:15:29 hours, achieved in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19198588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198588" title="Gary O'Donoghue">
Gary O'Donoghue

Gary O'Donoghue is an English journalist, currently working for the BBC.
He was born to a semi-professional footballing father who worked as a taxi driver, and his mother taught ballroom dancing. O'Donoghue was born partially sighted, but went totally blind by the time he was eight.
Education.
O'Donoghue was educated at Worcester College for the Blind, a boys' boarding school that has since merged with a girls' school, and was recently renamed New College Worcester, and he played blind football for England. O'Donoghue then attended Oxford University, where he read philosophy and modern languages. Given work experience at the BBC, his first job was working for a braille production department, where he was asked to operate the photocopier.
Life and career.
O'Donoghue joined the BBC on graduation, becoming a junior reporter on BBC Radio 4's Today programme; at one time, he was asked to bungee jump off Chelsea Bridge. During his career, he has covered stories for BBC News in Africa, Asia, Europe, and the U.S. In 2004, O'Donoghue became a political correspondent based at Westminster, reporting across the media of radio, television, and internet. From October 2011 O'Donoghue became the Chief Political Correspondent for BBC Radio 4 replacing Norman Smith who took the corresponding TV role. In his new position O'Donoghue primarily reports for the Today and PM programmes.
In 2007, he broke the story that new UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown was returning early from holiday to deal with an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in Surrey. However, BBC Ten O'Clock News deputy editor Daniel Pearl handed the story to June Kelly, which, in 2008, resulted in an out-of-court five-figure payment to O'Donoghue on grounds of disability discrimination.
O'Donoghue and his girlfriend, Sarah Lewthwaite, live in Yorkshire, and have one daughter.
Most recently Gary has been touring universities around the UK telling journalist students about his time in the business. 

</doc>
<doc id="19198594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198594" title="Free box">
Free box

A free box is a box or location used to allow for people to rid themselves of excess items without the inconvenience of a garage sale. When someone has items they wish to be rid of, but which might be useful to another person, they are set out and given to whoever wants them. If, after a period, no one has claimed the items, the contents of the box may be donated to a charity like Goodwill or Salvation Army.
Free boxing is implemented at the University of Saskatchewan, in Victoria, BC, in Isla Vista, California, and in Crestone and Telluride, Colorado.
An online version of a similar concept is The Freecycle Network.
The University of Guelph, in Guelph, Ontario runs a free table for several weeks of the school year. New College of Florida is home to a student-run free table (open throughout the school year). 

</doc>
<doc id="19198639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198639" title="Running Back (Jessica Mauboy song)">
Running Back (Jessica Mauboy song)

"Running Back" is the debut single by Australian R&B recording artist Jessica Mauboy, which features American rapper Flo Rida. It was written by Mauboy, Audius Mtawarira, and Sean Ray Mullins, and was produced by Audius. "Running Back" was released for digital download on 19 September 2008, as the lead single from Mauboy's debut studio album, "Been Waiting". Mauboy felt "so excited and honoured" to work with Flo Rida, calling it a dream come true.
The song peaked at number three on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), for shipments of 140,000 units. In 2009, "Running Back" won 'Highest Selling Single' at the ARIA Music Awards, where it was also nominated for 'Breakthrough Artist Single'. It also won 'Urban Work of the Year' at the APRA Awards and 'Single Release of the Year' at the NT Indigenous Music Awards. A music video was directed by Fin Edquist, and portrays a fictional relationship between Mauboy and Flo Rida. The song has been performed live at the 2008 Sydney New Year's Eve event and on "Australian Idol", where Mauboy was a former contestant of the show in 2006.
Background and composition.
In September 2007, Mauboy became a member of all-girl pop group Young Divas, replacing one of the group's original members, Ricki-Lee Coulter, who had left to resume her solo career. Mauboy's management saw the group as a "perfect learning curve" about all that was positive and negative in the music industry. Together, they released their second studio album, "New Attitude" in November, and the album's lead single, "Turn Me Loose". After things went downhill for the group following the song's release, Mauboy went to the studio to begin working on her debut solo album "Been Waiting", because she wanted to be a solo artist and it was always on her mind to become one. Mauboy began writing songs with Adam Reily, Israel Cruz, Brooke McClymont, and Audius Mtawarira. In June 2008, Mauboy told "The Jakarta Post" that her debut solo single would be released in August, with the album planned for a September release. Two months later, it was announced that Mauboy had left the Young Divas to resume her solo career.
"Running Back" was written by Mauboy, Mtawarira, and Sean Ray Mullins, and was produced by Audius. "Running Back" is one of the three tracks Audius produced for the album. Mullins has stated that when he hears the song on the radio, "he's merely satisfied" that it fits the formula. "Running Back" was recorded at The Sound Academy in Sydney, New South Wales, and Phil Tan mixed the track at Soapbox Studios, Atlanta, Georgia. Mauboy and Flo Rida recorded their verses in separate studios. She said that the song is based on "one of my past experiences". In an interview with Take 40 Australia, Mauboy said working with Flo Rida was a dream come true, "I love urban music and have been a huge fan of Flo-Rida's from the moment I heard 'Low'. For him to now feature on my first single I just can't believe it! I am so excited and honoured." "Running Back" is an urban pop ballad, featuring "a restrained vocal performance from Mauboy." According to Davey Boy from Sputnikmusic, the song "is one-part smooth ballad with its twinkling piano loop and lovelorn lyrics, and one-part contemporary hip hop with its deceptively slinky vocals and effective—if phoned in—Flo Rida cameo."
Release and reception.
"Running Back" was released for digital download on 19 September 2008. A digital extended play was released on 11 October; it includes a remix featuring Israel Cruz and a karaoke version to "Running Back", as well as two additional tracks. The CD single for "Running Back" was released in Australia the same day.
Jarrad Bevan from "The Mercury" noted that Flo Rida "ads punch to her sultry hook", and added that "it's a hit, no doubt." Mawunyo Gbogbo from Groove On wrote, "'Running Back' is not only a hot track, but it's prompted many to take notice of this fresh new face in Australian R&B." "Running Back" debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at number thirteen and peaked at number three. Her next single, "Burn" was released in November and charted even higher when it peaked at number one. "Running Back" spent a total of thirty-one weeks on the chart. It also spent forty-five weeks on the ARIA Urban Singles Chart, where it peaked at number three. The song was certified double Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), for shipments of 140,000 units.
In 2009, "Running Back" won 'Urban Work of the Year' at the APRA Awards, and was nominated for the same category the following year. It was also nominated at the ARIA Music Awards, in the categories of 'Breakthrough Artist Single' and 'Highest Selling Single', winning the latter category on 26 November. "Running Back" also won 'Single Release of the Year' at the NT Indigenous Music Awards. At the MTV Australia Awards, "Running Back" was nominated for 'Best Collaboration'.
Music video.
The music video for "Running Back" was directed by Fin Edquist and filmed in Melbourne during the first week of September 2008, during Flo Rida's visit to Australia. The video starts off showing a view of the city, before Mauboy appears on the balcony of a bedroom singing the first verse. When the first chorus begins, Flo Rida is seen wandering around in a different bedroom. During the second verse, Mauboy then appears inside the bedroom looking at a photo, packing her bags, and singing in front of a mirror. During this time, Rida is also seen standing in front of a mirror in his bedroom. As the video progresses, Mauboy makes her way towards the car, and Rida then raps his verse on the telephone to her. The video ends showing Mauboy back at the balcony at the bedroom.
Live performances.
Mauboy performed "Running Back" on the elimination show of "Australian Idol" in October 2008, wearing a black dress and heels with her hair tied up in a bun. Mauboy was a former contestant of the show in 2006, and became runner-up to Damien Leith. She also performed the song at the 2008 Sydney New Year's Eve event. On 11 January 2009, Mauboy performed "Running Back" during a Twenty20 cricket match at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. At the 2009 MTV Australia Awards, Mauboy performed a medley of "Running Back" and "Been Waiting", which broadcast in 162 countries. She also performed "Running Back" at her first 'Live at the Chapel' concert, held at the Paddington Uniting Church in Sydney on 9 July 2009. In September 2009, Mauboy performed the song during Beyoncé's Australian leg of her I Am... Tour, in which she served as a support act. She also became a support act for Chris Brown's Australian F.A.M.E. Tour in April 2011, and performed "Running Back". For the performance, Mauboy wore a "skin-tight black spandex ensemble with silver glittery" boots. In January 2012, Mauboy performed the song during her Galaxy Tour in Australia, dressed in a black and gold dress and silver diamond high heels.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes for "Been Waiting".

</doc>
<doc id="19198680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198680" title="Octavius Oakley">
Octavius Oakley

Octavius Oakley RWS (27 April 1800 Bermondsey - 1 March 1867 London), was an English watercolour portrait, figure and landscape artist.
Oakley worked for a Leeds textile company. He developed into a specialist of portraits in watercolour and was given commissions by the Duke of Devonshire. Whilst living in Derby where he painted rustic scenes until he moved to Leamington Spa in Warwickshire in 1836, but returned to London in the 1840s and worked there until his death, producing paintings of street scenes and gypsies and their lifestyle.
His emphasis on gypsy paintings which he exhibited at the Royal Watercolour Society earned him the name 'Gypsy Oakley'.
Oakley met Thomas Baker in Leamington Spa where Baker was living and working and in 1841 did a portrait of the celebrated painter, who was an important figure in the Midlands and Birmingham art world.

</doc>
<doc id="19198683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198683" title="Nicholas Pennell">
Nicholas Pennell

Nicholas Pennell (19 November 1938 – 22 February 1995) was an English actor who appeared frequently on film and television in the 1960s and emigrated to Stratford, Ontario, Canada, where he became a stalwart of the Stratford Festival.
He was educated at Allhallows College, Lyme Regis, and trained at RADA. He then appeared in repertory theatre. On television he appeared in "The Saint", "The Flaxton Boys", "The Forsyte Saga" as Michael Mont and in six episodes of "Doctor Who" entitled "Colony in Space."
On film he appeared as an RAF pilot in "Battle of Britain" (1969) and in "Only When I Larf" (1968) as Spencer.
In 1972, he joined the Stratford Festival company upon the urging of William Hutt. In his first season, he appeared as Orlando in "As You Like It" opposite Carole Shelley as Rosalind. The following year he returned to star as Pericles in 1973 in a production designed by Leslie Hurry and directed by Jean Gascon.
When Robin Phillips became Artistic Director in 1975, he found a familiar face. The two had worked together in the film of David Copperfield, and Phillips too was also in "The Forsyte Saga". Phillips recruited Pennell to join his young company and perform in "The Comedy of Errors" and "The Two Gentlemen of Verona". 1976 brought Hamlet and Ariel in "The Tempest". He often said he worshipped Phillips as an actor.
Pennell was now a leading member of the company and passionate about the festival and acting Shakespeare became his vocation. He was a generous company member speaking to student groups and mentoring young actors. In 24 seasons he played a wide range of characters from Stephano in "The Tempest", Iago, Richard II, the Fool in "Lear", Sassoon in "Not About Heroes" to King John.
He can be seen on DVD in the role of Malvolio in a production of Shakespeare's Twelfth Night (1986) CBC Home Video, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, based on the 1985 Stratford Shakespeare Festival production.
All featured his melodious voice, his supreme intelligence and his love of the language.
Pennell died on 22 February 1995, of lymphatic cancer, at the age of 56.
Little is known about Pennell's private life beyond his homosexuality. A biography was published in 2005 by Mary Z. Maher.

</doc>
<doc id="19198692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198692" title="1992 Tennis Channel Open">
1992 Tennis Channel Open

The 1992 Tennis Channel Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States. It was the fifth edition of the tournament and was held from February 24 to March 2. Stefano Pescosolido won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19198714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198714" title="Royal New Ground">
Royal New Ground

The Royal New Ground, also known as "Box's Ground", in Brighton, Sussex was a venue for first-class cricket matches from 1814 to 1847. It was located where Park Crescent, Brighton now stands.
The ground was the home of Brighton Cricket Club and became the county ground of Sussex CCC when this was formed in 1839. A total of 49 first-class matches were played there until September 1847. 
From 1848 to 1871, Sussex CCC used the Royal Brunswick Ground in Hove, also known as C H Gausden's Ground. Since 1872, the club has been based at the County Cricket Ground, Hove, its present home.

</doc>
<doc id="19198740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198740" title="Royal Brunswick Ground">
Royal Brunswick Ground

The Royal Brunswick Ground, also known as "C H Gausden's Ground", in Hove, Sussex was a venue for first-class cricket matches from 1848 to 1871. The ground was situated to the west of the Brunswick Town area of Hove, roughly where Third and Fourth Avenues are today. As the land near the seafront was required for the expansion of the town, the club moved in 1872. 
The ground was the home of Sussex County Cricket Club which had previously (1814–1847) been based at the Royal New Ground. In all, 64 first-class matches were played at the Royal Brunswick. Since 1872, the club has been based at the County Cricket Ground, Hove, its present home.

</doc>
<doc id="19198775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198775" title="9XS9">
9XS9

9XS9 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19198841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198841" title="1993 Tennis Channel Open">
1993 Tennis Channel Open

The 1993 Tennis Channel Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States. The tournament was held from February 22 to March 1.

</doc>
<doc id="19198869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198869" title="Rafael Simoes Miranda">
Rafael Simoes Miranda

Rafael Simoes Miranda (Rio de Janeiro, April 23, 1980) is a Brazilian designer based in Milan since 2000 and a member of the ADI Associazione per il Disegno Industriale.
Prized with some of the most prestigious designs awards amongst with the Red Dot Design Award, in 2009 Rafael open his own studio in Zona Tortona in Milan.
In earlier years Rafael worked for Hitachi Europe responsible for the design of consumer electronic products, and collaboration with Giorgio Galli Design Lab for timepieces and jewels designs for brands like Timex, Versace, Ferragamo and Valentino. ]. 
He obtained his graduate diploma at Istituto Europeo di Design and concluded his master studies in Industrial Design at Scuola Politecnica di Design.

</doc>
<doc id="19198906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198906" title="Cephas Matafi">
Cephas Matafi

Cephas Matafi (born May 24, 1971) is a Zimbabwean long-distance runner. He competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where he finished in 58th place (2:16:17) in the men's marathon race. His personal best time is 2:15:14 hours, achieved in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19198910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198910" title="Os og Fusaposten">
Os og Fusaposten

Os og Fusaposten is a local newspaper published in Os, Hordaland, Norway. It was established in 1987.
In 2007 it had a circulation of 5793, of whom 4981 are subscribers.
Os og Fusaposten were given the "local newspaper of the year" award in Norway in 2005. The award is presented by Landslaget for Lokalaviser.

</doc>
<doc id="19198930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198930" title="Battle of Fujian">
Battle of Fujian

The Battle of Fujian (August 1864–June 1865) was fought between forces of the Qing Dynasty and rebels from the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom. The Qing recovered territories in Fujian previously lost to the rebels.

</doc>
<doc id="19198951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198951" title="Norma (given name)">
Norma (given name)

Norma is a female name. The name "Norma" was referenced around 1203, though Norma might have been created through an opera entitled Norma by Vincenzo Bellini under Felice Romani.
The female name Norma may be feminine of Norman, in which case this means "Of the North", although in Latin the word "norma" means "patterns." The name has fluctuated regarding popularity in over 100 years; the popularity of Norma has officially gone downwards in the United States, although it's still in common usage.

</doc>
<doc id="19198962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19198962" title="Louis Shih">
Louis Shih

Louis Shih Tai Cho () (born 1952 in Hong Kong) is a Chinese dermatologist in Hong Kong and deputy chairman of New People's Party.
Shih grew up on a public housing estate in Kwun Tong, Kowloon. He graduated from La Salle College and the MBBS of the University of Hong Kong. He emigrated to Canada in the early 1980s, but returned to Hong Kong in 1995. He is now married with three children.
Shih was the chairman of SynergyNet, a policy thinktank in the Hong Kong pro-democracy camp. But he crossed the floor to support Regina Ip, the former Secretary for Security of the Hong Kong SAR and a pro-Beijing politician, to participate in the 2007 Hong Kong Island by-election. The following year, he stood in the legislative elections with Ip for the Hong Kong Island seats, but lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19199030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199030" title="Alabama Chicken">
Alabama Chicken

Alabama Chicken is an album by Sean Hayes. It was released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19199056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199056" title="Savosavo language">
Savosavo language

The Savosavo language is spoken on Savo, a small volcanic island north of Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands. Savosavo is one of the Central Solomon Papuan languages, unlike most of the languages in the vicinity, which are members of the Oceanic branch of the Austronesian language family. The nearest Papuan language to Savosavo is Lavukaleve.

</doc>
<doc id="19199123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199123" title="D26">
D26

D26 or D.26 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19199127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199127" title="Magnus Betnér">
Magnus Betnér

Magnus Lennarth Betnér (born August 16, 1974 in Stockholm) is a Swedish stand-up comedian, social critic and television host. His material largely consist of discussing society, religion and politics such as feminism and liberalism.
He has been acting in Swedish comedy shows such as "Parlamentet", "100%", "Veckans nyheter", "Extra! Extra!", "Stockholm live" and in 2008 he made his own show called "I ditt ansikte" (In your Face). He has focused on his own 90-minute stand-up shows since then, with his 4th big tour playing over the winter 2011/2012. He is the only Swedish comedian to be awarded with the "Swedish comedian of the year" award twice, in 2005 and 2010. With the 2010 award he was recognized to be "on the right road to be great in the United Kingdom".
Betnér has been performing increasingly in English, in the US, UK and Ireland. In August 2010 Betnér performed a complete run of hour-length shows in English at The Stand Comedy Club during the Edinburgh Festival Fringe, receiving praise in mostly four star reviews.
In 2012, Betnér now hosts his own show on Kanal 5 called "Betnér Direkt", which is inspired by shows like "Real Time with Bill Maher" and "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" where Betnér discuss current events with a panel and a guest.
Early life.
Betnér was born in Stockholm, son of Lennarth Betnér, then pastor in the Swedish Mission Church and mother, name unknown, then a housewife, now works at HSB. Because of his fathers work Betnér moved around lot when he grew up. He lived in Idre, Sala and Vingåker before they moved back to Stockholm at age 14.
Comic style.
Betnér uses dark comedy, often offensively, against Swedish celebrities such as Linda Rosing, Ebba von Sydow, Mikael Persbrandt, Per Gessle and many more. His stand-up comedy has garnered him much criticism and even death threats from Swedish neo-Nazis and rappers, but he finds it humorous that people can get so angry about jokes.
Betnér often has to answer questions on why he is so offensive. He often replies that people should accept the jokes, since they are only jokes.
Betnér was awarded the "Swedish comedian of the year" award in 2005 and again in 2010 in connection with the Swedish stand-up gala. Betnér's characteristic humour is often political and provocative; for example, in one show, he ironically proposed to give his daughter a "pussy piercing" as a present for her second birthday, but ultimately opted against it, citing "why would you buy a pussy piercing for your two-year-old daughter? It would grow shut in a couple of weeks!" as the reason.
Betnér has also released four DVD movies: "Live från Norra Brunn" (Live from Norra Brunn), "Magnus Betnér UnCut", "Inget är heligt" (Nothing is sacred) and "Tal till nationen" (Speech to the nation). He later chose to discontinue appearing in the program "Extra! Extra!", as he considered himself censored when they would not allow him to joke about Runar Søgaard. He has been visiting the TV programs Robins, Förkväll and Belinda. In the autumn of 2008, Betnér's own TV program "I ditt ansikte" (In your face) was broadcast on Channel 5 in Sweden. After that Betnér went on to make a permanent contribution to SVT's "Debatt" (Debate).
Personal life.
Betnér is living together with Helena Sandklef and has a daughter, Lina (born in 2006) from a previous marriage. Because of Betnér's dislike for tabloid newspapers, he almost never exposes himself in the media, but in some of his old acts he talked about his daughter. Sometimes when it comes to Christianity he refers to his father who is a pastor. Betnér however is an outspoken atheist and considers the world to be better off without religion. He identifies as bisexual and he believes that everyone is.

</doc>
<doc id="19199143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199143" title="Coset leader">
Coset leader

In the field of coding theory, a coset leader is defined as a word of minimum weight in any particular coset - that is, a word with the lowest amount of non-zero entries. Sometimes there are several words of equal minimum weight in a coset, and in that case, any one of those words may be chosen to be the coset leader.
Coset leaders are used in the construction of a standard array for a linear code, which can then be used to decode received vectors. For a received vector "y", the decoded message is "y - e", where "e" is the coset leader of "y". Coset leaders can also be used to construct a fast decoding strategy. For each coset leader "u" we calculate the syndrome "uH′". When we receive "v" we evaluate "vH′" and find the matching syndrome. The corresponding coset leader is the most likely error pattern and we assume that "v"+"u" was the codeword sent.

</doc>
<doc id="19199144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199144" title="Florence Hartmann">
Florence Hartmann

Florence Hartmann (born 17 February 1963, France) is a French journalist and author. During the 1990s she was a correspondent in the Balkans for the French newspaper "Le Monde". In 1999 she published her first book, "Milosevic, la diagonale du fou", reissued by Gallimard in 2002. From October 2000 until October 2006 she was official spokesperson and Balkan adviser to Carla Del Ponte, chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in The Hague.
On 19 July 2011, the Appeals Chamber of the ICTY upheld the first instance decision to convict Florence Hartmann of contempt of court for disclosing (in a book and article) the “legal reasoning” of two confidential appellate rulings of the UN Tribunal approving black-outs and exclusions from critical historical war documents showing Serbia's involvement in the Bosnian war of the 1990s. She was fined €7,000 (£6,100). The fine was later converted into a seven-day prison sentence, for which the ICTY issued an arrest warrant. In December 2011, France refused to extradite her.
Career.
Hartmann worked for eleven years for the French daily "Le Monde" as a journalist in charge of the Balkan desk. From January 1990 until May 1994, she was Le Monde correspondent for the former Yugoslavia. In 1999 she published her first book, "Milosevic, la diagonale du fou", reissued by Gallimard in 2002. From October 2000 until October 2006 she was official spokesperson and Balkan adviser to Carla Del Ponte, chief prosecutor of the ICTY at The Hague. Her "Paix et châtiment, Les guerres secrètes de la politique et de la justice internationales" about the politics of international justice and the functioning of the ICTY and the ICTR was published by Flammarion, Paris, in September 2007.
Florence Hartmann was the first journalist to discover in October 1992 the existence and location of a mass grave at Ovčara (Croatia) containing the remains of 263 people who were taken from Vukovar’s hospital to a nearby farm and killed on 20 November 1991 by Serb forces. On 25 May 2006, she gave evidence before the ICTY in the 'Vukovar massacre case' against three Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) officers, Mile Mrksic, Miroslav Radic and Veselin Sljivancanin indicted in relation to this mass killing.
On 10 December 2011, Florence Hartmann was given a lifetime achievement award for her contribution to the protection and promotion of human rights by the Croatian branch of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights.
Contempt of Court in the ICTY.
On 27 August 2008, Hartmann was indicted by the Tribunal for disclosing, in a book and article, confidential information pertaining to two decisions of the Tribunal approving black-outs and exclusions from critical historical war documents provided by Belgrade for the trial of the former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic and showing Serbia's involvement in the Srebrenica massacrein the Srebrenica massacre. In her impugned publications, Hartmann described how, in her view, the ICTY Appeals Chamber had used an invalid legal reasoning to effectively censor evidence which might have implicated Serbia-Montenegro in the commission of genocide in Bosnia and Herzegovina during the 1990s Balkans wars. Hartmann specifically criticized the ICTY Appeals Chamber for improperly denying victims of mass atrocities the ability to access information critical to their ability to obtain reparation for crimes committed against them and their relatives. She argued that the war documents censored by the ICTY should have been made available during a separate trial at the International Court of Justice(ICJ) in which Bosnia unsuccessfully tried to sue Serbia for genocide, because they could not prove a direct link between Belgrade and war crimes committed in Bosnia – most notably the massacre of up to 8,000 Muslim men and boys around Srebrenica in 1995. The Tribunal decision to grant confidentiality for the key portions of Belgrade war documents acknowledged that disclosure would harm Serbia's "vital national interests" by failing to protect Serbia from having to pay damages to Bosnia in Bosnia's suit then-pending at the ICJ.
There was no dispute at trial that Hartmann had written the impugned publications as a journalist. The Tribunal never questioned the truth and accuracy of what she said in her publications nor did it claim that she could have violated her duty of confidentiality as a former ICTY’s spokesperson. In a letter dated 7 February 2009 related to the agreed facts between the parties, the amicus prosecutor also indicated that Hartmann had never seen the concerned confidential decisions while she was working at the Tribunal or later when she wrote her publications.
The issue at the trial was whether the information she was said to have impermissibly disclosed – “the existence and the purported effect” of the two impugned confidential decisions of the ICTY Appeals Chamber’s dated 20 September 2005 and 6 April 2006 – was confidential or whether only the key evidence Serbia sought to censor was protected by a Court order.
On 14 September 2009, the ICTY found Hartmann guilty of contempt of court and convicted her to pay a €7,000 (£6,100)fine for disclosing information relating to the two confidential ICTY Court orders that deprive victims and public from access to documents on Serbia's involvement in planning and executing the Srebrenica genocide in 1995. While the Chamber has found that "some protected information disclosed by the Accused in her publications was indeed in the public domain", it considered however that she disclosed "more information, notably the legal reasoning applied by the Appeals Chamber in reaching its dispositions, as well as the purported effects of both Appeals Chamber decisions”. On this grounds, Hartmann was found guilty of violation of two appellate orders dated 20 September 2005 and 6 April 2006 issued in the Slobodan Milosevic case before the ICTY.
On 24 September 2009 Hartmann launched an appeal against the conviction.The London based international NGO dedicated to the protection and the promotion of freedom of speech Article 19 submitted an Amicus Curiae brief calling the ICTY Appeals Chamber to apply the international standards that have been disregarded by the Trial Chamber.
On 19 July 2011, the ICTY Appeals Chamber dismissed all the grounds of appeal advanced by Hartmann and confirmed the conviction, limiting it exclusively to the "disclosure of the legal reasoning of the two impugned confidential decisions". The imposition of the €7,000 fine was upheld.
The charges made no specific mention of the legal reasoning. During the trial, the ICTY resisted any effort to identify what specific portion(s) of the two impugned decisions were improperly disclosed. The Appeals Chamber still does not specifying what part of Hartmann’s book or article is supposed to discuss that “legal reasoning”. However, the legal reasoning was also in the public domain prior to Hartmann’s publications, having been disclosed earlier by the Tribunal itself, by Serbia and by the press.
In March 2011, prior to the issuing of the Appeal judgment against Hartmann, the impugned confidential decisions criticized by the French journalist were turned down. Most of the critical historical war documents provided by Belgrade for the trial of the former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic in relation to which confidentiality orders had initially been made were released by the ICTY and admitted as public evidence in the ICTY case against former Yugoslav Army chief of staff Momcilo Perisic. The only information pertaining to the 2005 and 2006 confidentiality Court orders that still remains protected is therefore the Appeals Chamber’s legal reasoning. However, no ban was ordered in the ICTY Appeal judgment in relation to the three impugned pages of Hartmann’s book or her article.
In reaction to Hartmann conviction by the ICTY, several international NGOs have criticized the ICTY for hiding its “legal reasoning” while the publicity of criminal proceedings is a general principle of criminal and international law which aim is to guarantee the transparency and public control of judicial proceedings. Reporters Without Borders and Article 19 condemned a conviction contravening international case law relating to freedom of expression.
Noting that the reliability of the functioning of justice is linked to transparency, Reporters Without Borders stated that “it is the duty of the press to highlight how this internationally created system of justice works, to question its procedures and to stimulate public discussion”.“ARTICLE 19 believes that such an insistence on keeping the logic and effect of the ICPY’s jurisprudence secret is profoundly undemocratic and manifestly inappropriate for an international criminal court”, adding that “o impose such a penalty on a journalist for bringing transparency and accountability to the ICTY raises troubling questions about the Tribunal’s democratic legitimacy”.
The €7,000 fine was deposited by Hartmann into a French dedicated bank account along with an invitation to the ICTY to seek assistance to the French authorities in order to collect these funds for the purposes of paying the fine. The ICTY Appeals Chamber deemed the money not to have been paid and converted, on 16 November 2011, the €7,000 fine into a seven-day prison term. An arrest warrant for contempt of court was issued by the ICTY on the same day, ordering France to transfer immediately Hartmann to The Hague and the Netherlands to assist in taking her to the United Nations detention unit. France refused to extradite Florence Hartmann and informed the ICTY of its decision on 27 December 2011.
In November 2011, Reporters Without Borders had urged the French judiciary to determine the validity of the arrest warrant and to consider the merits of the case in accordance with the case law of the European Court of Human Rights. “The European Court of Human Rights has consistently emphasized the public interest in the reporting of legal issues. It would be illogical and dangerous if international justice was exempt”
On 30 November 2011, Article 19 denounces the unlawfulness of the arrest warrant and “calls on all states, particularly the French and Dutch authorities, to avoid complicity in this perversion of international justice and to resist carrying out the order”. ARTICLE 19 insists that the human rights guarantees enshrined in the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) should take priority over the ICTY and recalls that under the case law of the European Court of Human Rights, French authorities as well as the authorities of the 46 other member states to the European Convention are obliged to verify the legality of the ICTY orders which they are asked to execute.
On 30 November and early December 2011, Hartmann sized Frank La Rue, United Nations Special Rapporteur for Freedom of Opinion and Expression, and Dunja Mijatovic, the Representative for Freedom of the Media of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). As there is no appeal before an independent jurisdiction from a decision of the ICTY, Florence Hartmann is seeking from the Special Rapporteurs to determine that the ICTY judgment rendered against her fall short and violate international standards of protection of the right of freedom of expression and that the upholding or the execution of the arrest warrant against her would constitute a further violation of this right. Reporters Without Borders called both rapporteurs to remind international courts that they are subject to international norms, especially those concerning freedom of expression, noting that “eyond the Hartmann case itself, the decision to penalize criticism of an international tribunal is a dangerous precedent for all those working in the media.
In an opinion paper published in "Le Monde" in November 2011, French and European public figures also called upon France “not to add insult to injury” by carrying out the ICTY order to arrest Florence Hartmann. “When judges turn the international legal order on its head because they are unable to tolerate criticism, they are undermining the credibility of international justice”, they added

</doc>
<doc id="19199151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199151" title="The Early Years (Dannii Minogue album)">
The Early Years (Dannii Minogue album)

The Early Years is a compilation album by Australian dance-pop singer Dannii Minogue. It has album tracks from Minogue's first two albums, released and unreleased versions.
Album History.
The album was originally to be released featuring a variety of tracks from Minogue's first two albums, and unreleased material from her third album. Despite reports that this album has been ready for years, last minute changes were made to the tracklisting including the removal of previously unreleased tracks, the addition of unknown remixes and versions of tracks available on other Minogue albums and compilations. The CD was cancelled and instead the compilation was released digitally, exclusively in the UK.
The main aim of the album is to allow Minogues Early singles to be downloadable from online webstores.
The first half of the album was released onto the UK iTunes Store on Monday 15 December 2008, and was released in its entirety on 5 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19199154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199154" title="Ramabhadra Nayak">
Ramabhadra Nayak

Vadakarai ('north bank') in Dindigul Taluk now forms part of that portion of Periyakulam municipality which lies north of the Varahanadi, but it was once the chief village of a palaiyam of the same name. According to one of the Mackenzie MSS, the original founder of this was Ramabhadra Nayaka, a Balija nayak by caste, who came from the Vijayanagar country with Kotikam Nagama Nayakkan of the same Balija caste.
Ramabhadra Nayaka seemed to had been greatly trusted, as he was appointed to act for the latter while he was away on a pilgrimage to Benares; subsequently helped to arrange matters between him and his son and was eventually made Military services and collector of the revenue of Madura. Later on Nayaka showed much personal bravery in an attack on the fort of Kambam, pressing forward notwithstanding a wound in the face and being the first to plant a flag on the ramparts. For this exploit he was granted the Vadakarai estate.
Nayak's successor, Machi Nayaka subsequently was given charge of one of the 72 bastions of Madura. As one of the best remembered poligars, Machi Nayaka succeeded Nayak in 1549. Nayaka is said to have obtained an addition to his estate by his ability in shooting an arrow across the Teppakulam in Madura in presence of Tirumala Nayakkan and his court, an achievement which none of the other poligars could match. Nayaka's achievement is still annually celebrated in Vadakarai by a general beat for small game (known as ' Machi Nayak's hunt') followed by a visit to his tomb in Kaikulankulam. In later years Machi Nayaka is stated in the Mackenzie MS. to have helped Tirumala Nayakkan in circa 1638 against the rebellions Setupati of Ramnad. Nayaka's paternal uncle and successor, Narayanappa Nayaka, is said to have assisted Chokkanatha Nayakkan in his expedition against the Tanjore Nayakkan.
When the Mysoreans threatened Dindigul the then poligar of Vadakarai summoned a council of his commanders to devise measures of defense. The attack was not a success, as Gantamanayakkanur said that Vadakarai was taking too much upon him, and invaded his property and cut off his head (whence the two families still decline to dine together), but tradition has it that the Mysorean people bore the matter in mind and confiscated the Vadakarai estate when they eventually captured the country.
In 1750, the Vadakarai estate's owner assisted Bodinayakkanur in opposing the Collector's march through this part of the district. In 1859, it was resumed for arrears of peshkash and the poligar was granted an allowance which descends to the eldest son. He had considerable property independently of the palaiyam and when, in 1881, his son died, leaving an heir (the present holder, M.R.Ry. Dewan bahaddur V. Ramabhadra Nayudu Garu, Zamindar of Vadakarai and doddappanaikanur, Periyakulam, Madura District) who was a minor, the Court of Wards managed his estate until he attained his majority in December 1894. He has since distinguished himself as a patron of education, a protector of the Beautiful topes planted by his forebears in the neighbourhood, an experimenter in scientific agriculture, and the chairman of the Periyakulam municipal council.

</doc>
<doc id="19199156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199156" title="Summer Athletics">
Summer Athletics

Summer Athletics, also known as Summer Athletics: The Ultimate Challenge on the Xbox 360, in North America, is a sports game, developed by 49Games and published by Digital Entertainment Pool for the PlayStation 2, Wii, Xbox 360 and PC. The game features 28 events, which includes swimming, diving, archery and track cycling, as well as athletics.
In the game, players can choose between two modes, the Arcade mode and the Realistic Mode, whereas players can choose difficulty from Amateur to Pro. Players may also have the opportunity to create, customize and name their own character and represent a country of their own. 
Reception.
The game received average reviews, with a Metacritic score of 71% for the PC version. PC Gamer UK called it "lightweight athletics fun", whereas PC Zone said it was "definitely fun, but it's also about as deep as a puddle". Videogamer looked at the Wii version, which it praised for its excellent motion controls, but pointed out that some of the events are weak.

</doc>
<doc id="19199158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199158" title="Philippines women's national under-19 basketball team">
Philippines women's national under-19 basketball team

The women's national under-19 basketball team of the Philippines represents the country in junior women's under-18 and under-19 FIBA tournaments.
Current roster.
Philippines roster at the 2010 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women:
Past rosters.
2008 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women: finished 8th among 12 teams
Katherine Sandel (Captain, G, Adamson), Carmina Laguindanum (C, NU), Fria Bernardo (G, Adamson), Allalaine De Gomas (G, La Salle-Dasmariñas), Angelica Ortega (F, Adamson), Marilourd Socorro Borja (G, FEU), Mary Joy Leviste (C, 1.85, FEU), Cindy Resultay (F, 1.68, UE), Agatha Marie Astrero (F, FEU), Khaterine Mangahas (F, Adamson), Ana Versoza (C, Adamson), Raiza Rose Palmera (F, FEU)

</doc>
<doc id="19199185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199185" title="KUEU">
KUEU

KUEU (90.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a community radio format. Licensed to Logan, Utah, USA, the station serves the Logan area. The station is currently owned by University of Utah. Its parent station (and provider of audio content) is KUER in Salt Lake City.
History.
The station went on the air as KZCL on December 5, 1997. The station changed its call sign to KUEU on December 6, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19199205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199205" title="Been Waiting">
Been Waiting

Been Waiting is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Jessica Mauboy, released on 22 November 2008 through Sony Music Australia. While Mauboy was still a member of the girl group Young Divas, she began to work on what became "Been Waiting". She co-wrote several of the album's songs and worked with writers and producers, Israel Cruz, Cutfather, Audius Mtawarira, Kwame Holland, Jonas Jeberg and Adam Reily, among others.
The album contains mid-tempo R&B ballads and pop songs. Upon its release, the album received a positive reception from critics, with one mentioning it "sounds like an international R&B record" and another saying it was "an impressive debut." The album reached number 11 on the ARIA Albums Chart and spent a year in the ARIA top fifty. It was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for selling 140,000 copies.
The album produced five hit singles including the lead single, "Running Back" featuring American rapper Flo Rida and "Burn". The lead single peaked at number three on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified double platinum, while the second became Mauboy's first number one hit. The title track was released as the third single, which later certified gold along with the fourth single "Because" and the fifth "Up/Down". "Been Waiting" earned Mauboy seven nominations at the 2009 ARIA Music Awards including 'Best Pop Release' and 'Highest Selling Album'. The album was promoted with live performances across Australia and received further promotion when Mauboy supported Beyoncé on the Australian leg of her I Am... World Tour.
Background.
In September 2007, it was announced that Mauboy had joined the girl group Young Divas, replacing one of the group's original members, Ricki-Lee Coulter. A solo career was still very much on the cards for Mauboy, but her management saw the Young Divas as a perfect learning curve about all that was positive and negative in the music industry. Following on from the success of their single "Turn Me Loose", Mauboy began to work on her debut solo album. She began to write songs with Adam Reily, Israel Cruz, Brooke McClymont and Audius Mtawarira, as well as sourcing songs from international publishers. Following her departure from Young Divas in August 2008, it was then announced in the media on 17 September 2008 that Mauboy would be releasing her debut solo single "Running Back" in October 2008.
Release and promotion.
A sample of "Been Waiting" was released on YouTube on 6 November 2008. The album was then released through Sony Music Australia on 22 November 2008. It's digital release included a bonus track titled, "Chinese Whispers". "Been Waiting" was released in Japan on 22 April 2009, and included four bonus tracks, two of which were remixes to "Burn" and "Running Back" as well as a new song titled "Breathe" and the iTunes bonus track, "Chinese Whispers". Mauboy re-released the album with a double-disc deluxe edition package on 21 August 2009. Disc one featured the standard edition's eleven tracks including seven bonus ones, whereas disc two contained a bonus DVD package of Mauboy's music videos and live performances.
In support of the album, Mauboy co-hosted "The Music Jungle" on 18 October 2008. She performed "Running Back" on "Australian Idol" on 13 October 2008, and "Burn" on 23 November 2008. She then held instore appearances in New South Wales and Adelaide in December 2008. Mauboy also performed "Running Back" and "Burn" at the Sydney New Year's Eve event on 31 December 2008. She performed several of the album's songs at the Kia Soul Live At The Chapel event held at the Paddington Uniting Church in Sydney on 9 July 2009. The album received further more promotion when Mauboy became a support act for Beyoncé on the Australian leg of her I Am... World Tour in September 2009.
Singles.
"Running Back" featuring Flo Rida was released as the album's lead single on 11 October 2008. Upon its release, the song received a positive reception from critics. It reached number three on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified double platinum. The song received two nominations at the 2009 ARIA Music Awards, winning the award for 'Highest Selling Single'. It also won the award for 'Urban Work of the Year' at the 2009 APRA Awards. "Burn" was released as the second single on 17 November 2008. The song became Mauboy's first number one on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified platinum. It also received a nomination for 'Highest Selling Single' at the 2009 ARIA Music Awards. 
The album's title track was released as the third single in March 2009. It peaked at number 12 on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified gold. The song received a nomination for 'Most Played Australian Work' at the 2010 APRA Awards. "Because", a pop ballad of which Mauboy says is a break-up song about an ex-boyfriend of hers, was released as the fourth single. It peaked at number nine on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified gold. "Up/Down" was released as the fifth single on 28 August 2009. It peaked at number 11 and was certified gold. The album's final single "Let Me Be Me" was released on 27 November 2009, and peaked at number 26.
Reception.
Commercial performance.
"Been Waiting" debuted at number 16 on the ARIA Albums Chart and peaked at number 11 in its ninth week on the chart. It spent a total of 59 weeks in ARIA top fifty, including nine weeks in the top twenty. The album was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for selling 140,000 copies.
Critical response.
"Been Waiting" received positive reviews from critics. Mawunyo Gbogbo of GrooveOn described most of the album's songs as "soul-searching monologues of love gone awry" and said "Jessica Mauboy sure gives heartbreak a sweet melody". Jarrad Bevan of "The Mercury" said the album "sounds like an international R&B record" and that "her potential to break overseas is obvious". Davey Boy of Sputnikmusic awarded the album three out of five stars and said it was an "impressive debut which suggests that there could indeed be quality music to look forward to in the future as she matures and gains experience". Nick Bond of MTV Australia said "the whole album does stick very closely to the Timbaland blueprint of skittering beats and airy synths". Marcie of Planet Urban said ""Been Waiting" is the first real evidence that the girl can not only sing, but might also be able to hold her own, especially after her unsuccessful blink-and-you-missed-it stint with the Young Divas." 
The album earned Mauboy several awards and nominations. It received seven nominations at the 2009 ARIA Music Awards, including 'Best Pop Release' and 'Highest Selling Album'. "Been Waiting" won the award for 'Album of the Year' at both the Deadly Awards and the NT Indigenous Music Awards in 2009.
Personnel.
Credits for "Been Waiting" adapted from album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19199212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199212" title="D27">
D27

D27, D-27 or D.27 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19199229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199229" title="John Ackland">
John Ackland

John Ackland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19199245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199245" title="Emilie Boon">
Emilie Boon

Emilie Boon is an American children's author and illustrator. She was born in the Netherlands and has studied at the Royal Academy of Art at The Hague. Her books include "Belinda's Balloon" and the Peterkin series. The first in the seires, "Peterkin Meets a Star," has been made into an iPad and iPhone application. Boon has had books published by a number of publishers and in 8 languages. She has illustrated many books in collaboration with children's author, Harriet Ziefert, including the "Little Hippo" series. Boon has worked for Houghton Mifflin to illustrate online leveled readers that teach reading skills and improve content knowledge attainment. She teaches children's book illustration at the Rhode Island School of Design.
Personal life.
Boon was born in The Netherlands, she moved at an early age and was subsequently raised in many countries including Mexico where she lived for ten years. She attended the Royal Academy of Art where she majored in graphic design.
Boon is married with two children; who all live in Newton, Massachusetts. 
Publishing.
After graduation, she moved to London where she began writing and illustrating children's book. Her first book, "Peterkin Meets a Star", was published by William Heinemann in England in 1983 and by Random House in North America a year later. She has written a total of seven books and then primarily focused on illustrating. She has often collaborated with author Harriet Ziefert.
Her method for creating illustrations is to use a combination of watercolors and a crayon resist technique.
Collaboration with Harriet Ziefert.
Benji books.
One of the 1996 published books, "Benjy Bear's Halloween," was made for children from 3 to 6 years-of-age. It comes with reusable stickers that allow the little one's to pretend and play with different Halloween scenarios. They can select an emotion for the carved pumpkin's face, determine proportions for candy giving, and dress the bear for trick-or-treating.
Board books.
Ziefert and Boon have made "board books" for preschoolers, which combine elements of a game and book reading to help children learn. In "Timothy's Numbers," the book is packaged with "stiff colored foam" numbers that children insert into specific slots in the book as the illustrated rabbit, Timothy, helps them count. There is another book, "Timothy's Shapes," which helps children discern shapes. The book boards are part of a trend in children's book publishing to combine merchandise and books. 
Little Hippo books.
Ziefert and Boon have collaborated on a series of "Little Hippo" books, the first of which was published in 1988 by Viking Penguin. The books have been written for children between 1 1/2 to 5 years-of-age. They are intended to help children deal with change, like the addition of a new baby to the family or moving to a new house. The hippo is drawn distinctively with stylized features, smudged outlines and light-gray coloring. In 1997, Boon saw a new series of "Little Hippo" books published by Scholastic, Inc. and claims that the characters are a take-off of her distinctive illustrations, use "Little Hippo" for its name and dress the hippo as she has. Further, Scholastic sought to trademark the image of the hippo for a line of books. Some of the titles of the little hippo books are: "Daddy Can You Play With Me?" "Little Hippo's New Baby," "Little Hippo's New House," and "Mummy Where Are You?"
Boon later obtained an attorney, Seth Salinger, through the Boston non-profit, "Volunteer Lawyers for the Arts." In 1999, Salinger filed a suit on Boon's behalf in Boston's federal court against Scholastic. Chuck Wentzel, a spokesman for Scholastic spokesman said, "Scholastic believes, based on our investigation, there was no copying done and that we will be successful in the litigation."
Online leveled readers.
Boon has illustrated Houghton Mifflin online leveled readers, which combine written and audio technology to teach students to read and attain content knowledge. Fiction, math, science and social studies books are written and produced for specific English-language learner (ELL) levels. She is a "Little Book Illustrator" for Houghton Mifflin's Leveled Literacy Intervention program. 
Digital books.
The first book that Boon wrote and illustrated, "Peterkin Meets a Star," has been made into an app for iPads and iPhones. The application provide sounds appropriate to the storytelling. For instance, the sound of Peterkin's boots on the snow make a crunching sound. PicPocket Bis the publisher of the app.
Rhode Island School of Design.
Boon teaches children's book illustration at the Rhode Island School of Design.
Illustration events.
Boon conducts sessions with children where she reads a book to the children and then takes them though how a book is made. Using an accordion-folded book the children use watercolors and crayons to write and illustrate the story.
Professional organizations.
She is a member of the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators, Children's Book Artists and Picture Book Artists.
Published works.
Her books have been published in English, Norwegian, Swedish, Finnish, Dutch, French, Spanish, and Japanese. Publishers of her books include Knopf, Random House, Zonderkidz, Candlewick Press, D.K. Publishers, Sterling Publishing, Orchard Books, Cartwheel Books and Puffin Books. 

</doc>
<doc id="19199250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199250" title="McCorquodale">
McCorquodale

McCorquodale is surname of Scottish origin.
People with the surname "McCorquodale".
David McCorquodale, Aviation Regulator. Current hereditory Clan Chief

</doc>
<doc id="19199256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199256" title="Un Blodymary (song)">
Un Blodymary (song)

"Un Blodymary" (, "A Bloody Mary") was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in Spanish by Las Ketchup.
Spain's status (along with France, Germany and the United Kingdom) as one of the "Big Four" guaranteed the song a final berth. Thus it was performed sixth on the night, following Norway's Christine Guldbrandsen with "Alvedansen" and preceding Malta's Fabrizio Faniello with "I Do". At the close of voting, it had received 18 points, placing 21st in a field of 24.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative by D'NASH with "I Love You Mi Vida".

</doc>
<doc id="19199261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199261" title="Harriet Ziefert">
Harriet Ziefert

Harriet Ziefert is an American children's author. She has written several hundred children's books, including the Little Hippo series. Notable illustrators of her books include Emilie Boon and Santiago Cohen.
Collaboration with Emilie Boon.
Board books.
Ziefert and Boon have made "board books" for preschoolers which are a combination game and book to help children learn. In "Timothy's Numbers," the book is packaged with "stiff colored foam" numbers that children insert into specific slots in the book as the illustrated rabbit, Timothy, helps them count. There is another book, "Timothy's Shapes," which helps children discern shapes. The book boards are a trend in children's book publishing to combine merchandise and books. 
Little Hippo books.
Ziefert and Boon have collaborated on a series of "Little Hippo" books, the first of which was published in 1988 by Viking Penguin. The books are written for children between 1 1/2 to 5 years-of-age. They are intended to help children deal with change, like the addition of a new baby to the family or moving to a new house. The hippo is drawn distinctively with stylized features, smudged outlines and light-gray coloring. In 1997, Boon saw a new series of "Little Hippo" books published by Scholastic, Inc. and claims that the characters are a take-off of her distinctive illustrations, use "Little Hippo" for its name and dress the hippo like hers. Further, Scholastic also sought to trademark the image of the hippo for a line of books. Some of the titles of the little hippo books are: "Daddy Can You Play With Me?" "Little Hippo's New Baby," "Little Hippo's New House," and "Mummy Where Are You?"
Boon later obtained an attorney, Seth Salinger, through the Boston non-profit, "Volunteer Lawyers for the Arts." In 1999, Salinger filed a suit on Boon's behalf in Boston's federal court against Scholastic. Chuck Wentzel, a spokesman for Scholastic spokesman said, "Scholastic believes, based on our investigation, there was no copying done and that we will be successful in the litigation."

</doc>
<doc id="19199262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199262" title="Hester van Eeghen">
Hester van Eeghen

Hester van Eeghen (born 11 November 1958, Amsterdam) is a Dutch designer of leather bags, wallets and accessories.
Life.
Hester van Eeghen was born in Amsterdam, the youngest of five children. Her family has been involved in the arts in The Netherlands in one way or another since the 17th century. She studied literature at the University of Amsterdam, and soon got involved with theatre, acting, and producing musicals. It was during that time she also started designing bags and working with leather. Although it was her passion, she didn't dare imagine a living could be made as a designer and so she began to study law. It was not long before it was clear that she needed to follow her heart and leave the law books behind.
She learned the technical craft of leather construction by working with a suitcase designer who encouraged her to perfect the smallest details.  She scraped together money to buy small pieces of leather, and created bags, one by one, which she sold in local street markets. With each bag she sold she would buy more leather, make more bags, and so on, until she finally was able to open her shop at 37 Hartenstraat.
Work.
Her designs are for sale in over 150 museums and design stores over the world ands are sold in several countries like Germany, the UK, Japan and the USA. She is regarded as one of the influential Dutch designers of the 20th century.
Happiness for Hester is being in her atelier—her studio—completely unrestrained and focused, experimenting with designs. When she is working, she surrounds herself with sketches she's made and hundreds of swatches of leather. It is like a silent dialogue, and leather is her muse. From her first discovery of leather, she has remained true to this innocent obsession. The touch, sight and smell of it fills her with a sense of wonder and surprise.
It is her intention to imbue this passion she feels into every design she creates. She wants her pieces to stir the soul, to uplift the spirit and to inspire joy. She wants her customers to feel what she feels when she is creating. Important in all her designs are beauty, passion, shape, color, and surprise. These essential elements are the essence of her vision.
Now, she designs all her creations in Amsterdam and personally oversees their construction in small workshops in Milan, Italy. She found the best craftsmen in the world who use time-honored tanning and finishing techniques and stay true to the old-world traditions.
Her designs are like her little children, each one has a distinct personality and character. And now they can be found not just in her little Amsterdam shop, but in luxury and museum stores throughout Europe, Japan and even New York City's Museum of Modern Art.
Van Eeghen has designed collections for other brands such as Paco Rabanne, Marlboro Classics, Jaguar, Castelijn en Berens.
Her work was published in over 200 interviews in magazines (NRC Handelsblad, 
Volkskrant, International Herald Tribune, San Francisco Chronicle, Trouw, Het Parool, De Telegraaf, Het Financieel Dagblad – HP/De Tijd, Vrij Nederland, Art Aurea, Holland Herald etc..), television and radio. It is listed in an inventory of Dutch Design in the 20th Century (Ton Lauwen 2003).
Foundation.
Both in 1998 and 2008 at the occasion of her first and second decade in design, Hester van Eeghen created a collection of 24 unique pieces that were auctioned at Sotheby's Amsterdam, with the proceeds going to the Foundation Hester van Eeghen Leather Design. Every two years, the Foundation organises a competition in collaboration with the Museum of Bags and Purses as a stimulus for designers who work with leather. The theme of the competition focuses on the historical collection of the museum, for example the 2010 theme is Dine & Date. The winner of the Leather Design Prize will have their design produced in a series of 30 pieces. It is an opportunity for the designer to become familiar with the entire process from design to end product.
In 2008, after 20 years of designing, Hester was made a Knight in the Order of Orange-Nassau and given the decorations by the Mayor of Amsterdam Job Cohen for her contribution to Dutch Design.

</doc>
<doc id="19199265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199265" title="The Tom and Jerry Show (1975 TV series)">
The Tom and Jerry Show (1975 TV series)

The New Tom & Jerry Show (also known as The Tom & Jerry Show) is an animated television series produced for Saturday mornings by Hanna-Barbera Productions in association with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television in 1975 for ABC based on the theatrical shorts and characters "Tom and Jerry". This series marked the first time ever that Tom and Jerry appeared in animated installments produced exclusively for television.
Plot.
Here, in a much toned down, non-violent, Yogi Bear and Boo Boo-esque format, the long-popular Tom and Jerry, after years of rivalry, have finally become the best of friends in episodes wherein they roamed the world competing in sports, enduring on-the-job misadventures, running afoul of dastardly villains, solving mysteries and helping others. Some of the time, they are pretty competitive against each other. Quacker appears only once in this series, with Don Messick voicing the duckling. The characters Toodles Galore, Butch, Lightning, Topsy, Meathead, Tyke, Tuffy, Mammy Two Shoes, Joan and George do not appear in this show.
Broadcast history.
A total of 48 7-minute New Tom & Jerry cartoons were produced in 1975 and originally aired in these following formats on ABC Saturday morning:
Immediately following the end of the original ABC run, these cartoons were edited within main and end title credits and added to run with theatrical-era MGM Tom and Jerry cartoons from 1940 to 1967 for syndication by MGM until 1986 (H-B retained ancillary rights to the "Mumbly" and "Grape Ape" segments, with syndication rights to those segments going to Worldvision Enterprises in 1979 – 1991).
Since 1986, it has been rebroadcast on TBS, Cartoon Network, Boomerang and Canada's Teletoon and Teletoon Retro (the former 3 networks are part of Time Warner's Turner Broadcasting System, which purchased the pre-1986 MGM library in 1986 and Hanna-Barbera in 1991).
The cartoons have been shown with the main and end title credits intact on TBS and on the Teletoon channels, whereas Cartoon Network and Boomerang air the cartoons without the opening/closing graphics.
DVD release.
On August 12, 2014, Warner Home Video will release the complete series of the show on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19199291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199291" title="Arbirlot railway station">
Arbirlot railway station

Arbirlot railway station served the village of Arbirlot in the Scottish county of Angus. The station was served by a branch line, the Carmyllie Railway, from Elliot Junction on the Dundee and Arbroath Joint Railway running between Dundee and Arbroath.
History.
The line opened as a private railway in 1854 but passenger stations, including Arbirlot, opened after a Light Railway Order was obtained. Services started in 1905. The line became a joint North British Railway and Caledonian Railway operation in 1880, and so was run as a joint London and North Eastern Railway and London, Midland and Scottish Railway after the Grouping of 1923. Although passenger services ceased after seven years of this management the goods service passed on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, and was not withdrawn by the British Railways Board until 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19199308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199308" title="Ashley Coulston">
Ashley Coulston

Ashley Mervyn Coulston is an Australian sailor and triple murderer currently serving three consecutive sentences of life imprisonment plus seven years without parole for the 1992 murders of three people in Burwood, Victoria and the attempted abduction and robbery of a couple in St Kilda Road several months later.
It would be the abduction attempt that would lead police to his involvement in the triple murder which had previously remained unsolved.
Trans-Tasman voyages.
In 1988, Coulston came to media attention when he attempted to sail his custom built 8 foot vessel which he named "G'Day 88" from Australia to New Zealand across the Tasman Sea. 
On 26 January 1988, Coulston left Port Stephens in "G'Day 88", a vessel he designed and built himself however he ran into troubles and on 12 March 1988, activated his vessel's emergency beacon. 
He was rescued by a passing tanker just north of New Zealand's North Island after spending 46 days at sea in stormy weather. The remains of his vessel washed up on the New Zealand shore several months later.
On 25 October 1988, Coulston attempted his voyage once again sailing from New Zealand to Australia, successfully arriving in Brisbane on 6 January 1989.
Triple murder.
On 29 July 1992, two students advertised in the Herald Sun newspaper for a tenant to share their home after a housemate decided to leave the premises and return home to live with their parents. 
Kerryn Henstridge, 22, Anne Smerdon, 22, and Peter Dempsey, 27, the brother-in-law of one of the women, were forced into separate rooms and hogtied using cable ties before Coulston shot them execution style in the back of the head. No motive has ever been offered for the killings.
Attempted abduction.
On 1 September 1992, Coulston armed himself with the same weapon used to commit the earlier murders and some cable ties, then drove to St Kilda Road and parked his car near the National Gallery of Victoria. 
He then approached a couple and attempted to abduct them. The couple offered Coulston their money, which he took. He then proceeded to restrain the couple using the cable ties. Whilst attempting to restrain one he was overpowered by the other allowing the couple to escape and raise the alarm with nearby security guards. 
The security guards gave chase however Coulston fired at the guards, hitting one in the hip. Coulston was eventually arrested by police at the scene and taken into custody. The gun used in the abduction attempt would later link Coulston to the triple murders in Burwood several months earlier.
He was originally sentenced to three consecutive life sentences with a non-parole period of 30 years, but was granted a retrial on the murder charges after appeal; he was re-sentenced to seven years on appeal, increased from four years six months, by the Crown on the remaining nine charges.
Coulston did not speak at all during either trial, and was sentenced to three consecutive life sentences, to be served cumulatively with the seven-year sentence for the remaining offences; Justice Norman O'Bryan refused to fix a non-parole period, calling the murders "cold-blooded", "heinous" and "wicked", and telling Coulston that ""you have forfeited forever your entitlement to live outside the confines of a prison"".
Balaclava Killer suspect.
Coulston is a suspect in the case of the "Balaclava Killer", who stalked, raped and killed victims in Queensland over a 10-month period during 1979 and 1980. The killings stopped abruptly in 1980, coinciding with the time Coulston moved to Sydney, working as a mascot and living on a boat at Cronulla. He may have raped girls there. He owned a black Kawasaki motor bike and went back to Tweed Heads and his parents farm most weekends at that time, not long after that is when he travelled to Melbourne. Coulston also shares a rare blood type with the person believed to be responsible for the crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="19199317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199317" title="Ahmed Touré">
Ahmed Touré

Ahmed Touré (born July 17, 1987 in Burkina Faso) is a Burkinabé professional footballer, who currently plays for Egyptian Premier League outfit El Gouna as a striker. He also holds Ivorian nationality.
Career.
Asante Kotoko.
Touré began his career with Ivorian club Africa Sports National, before he signed with Ghanaian top–flight Glo Premier League club Asante Kotoko.
KSC Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen.
On 31 August 2008, Touré signed for Belgian club K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen in the Belgium Jupiler League, and on 1 November 2008, Touré played his first match against R.A.E.C. Mons.
CS Sfaxien.
In August 2010, Touré signed with Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club CS Sfaxien for the 2010–11 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 season.
Asante Kotoko (return).
In September 2011, Touré returned to the Ghanaian top–flight Glo Premier League for the 2011–12 Ghanaian Premier League season.

</doc>
<doc id="19199334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199334" title="Cheng Gwan-min">
Cheng Gwan-min

Cheng Gwan Min was a Hong Kong TVB actor. He died in China at the age of 78, reportedly from lung cancer.
A native of Baoan county, Guangdong province, Cheng was once a theatre actor and broadcaster. In 1936, he made his debut "The Three-Day Massacre in Guangzhou" in Guangzhou. During his long career of more than half a century, he made more than 200 films, mostly Cantonese.
A skilful imitator of singers from the East and the West, Cheng had numerous albums and performed Cantonese opera and musicals. He earned himself a nickname "Elvis Presley of the East".
From the 1970s onwards, he became a host of the classic variety show "Enjoy Yourself Tonight", with occasional guest appearances in films.

</doc>
<doc id="19199373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199373" title="Shiba River">
Shiba River

The is a tributary of the Arakawa River that mainly runs through the eastern part of Saitama Prefecture. The river has and in Okegawa, Saitama as points of origin and flows through Ageo, Minuma and Kawaguchi, and connects to the Arakawa River. 
History.
Originally, the river flew into a wetland at the current region of Minuma. In 1629, a civil engineering project by created a reservoir and blocked the flow. In 1727, the reservoir levee was demolished to open up the area for creating rice paddies. In 1728, the lowest sections of the area were gouged to allow for the passage of water, which set the current position of the river.
Water quality.
The water quality of the river is poor, since it flows through urban areas. A report published in 2006 by the Ministry of the Environment indicates levels of dioxins and dioxin-like compounds above the standards set for public waterways. For this reason, recent years saw efforts to clear up the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19199386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199386" title="Rábaszentmiklós">
Rábaszentmiklós

Rábaszentmiklós is a village in Hungary, in the Győr-Moson-Sopron county.
Geography, setting, neighbours.
The village is situated in the southern part of Győr-Moson-Sopron County, near to the Sokoró hill, in the Marcal-basin. The soil is loosy, limy sand, while between the Marcal and Rába rivers clay is the main component of the soil. The landscape is a plain, with some hills and plateaus with 114–120 m above the sea level. 
The history of the village.
The chronicles mention the village with several names: Kisszentmiklós, Kerekszentmiklós on the basis of its rotunda church from the 11th century. Charters from the Árpád-house kings of Hungary mentions the village first from 1287 A. D., when Ladislaus IV of Hungary gives the village to Gergely de genere Osl, for his home defending merits. During the Mongolian invasion of 1241-1242 the village was destroyed. Lajos I of Hungary gives the village to the Kanizsay family. Then the Türkish invasion destroys the village in the 16th century. The Bishop of Győr refounds the village in 1701. The old rotunda church has been rebuilt in the first years of the 20th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="19199414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199414" title="Children's den">
Children's den

A children's den is a shelter or hideout built by children, often involving broken fence-boards, nets and sticks. It is often built in a bush or tree. A classic den uses a panel of wood for the roof, floorboards or fence-boards (known collectively as 'boards') for the floor and a net with leaves on it as camouflage. It is often used as a hangout for children and children can design and decorate it however they like.

</doc>
<doc id="19199446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199446" title="1981 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa">
1981 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa

Matches.
Ireland embarked on their first tour to South Africa after a twenty-year absence on the back of a five nations championship which they were widely considered to be favourites to win but ended with four defeats having lost all their matches for the first time since 1977. Despite condemnation from political and ecclesiastical sources, the IRFU honoured their promise to undertake a seven match tour against multiracial sides and included twelve uncapped players as well as half a dozen former British and Irish Lions in the touring party. A number of players had resigned their posts when employers declined to grant leave of absence for the tour whilst others had no option but to simply declare their unavailability.
Of the seven matches played, the majority including both test matches were lost. Injuries to two key players proved difficult to overcome. John Robbie (later to become a non-capped Springbok) injured a shoulder in the first half of the opening fixture and only gained match fitness in the last few days of the tour whilst Ollie Campbell only played twice on tour, his replacement Mick Quinn having last played international rugby in March, 1977.
Ahead of the Gazelles fixture (the SA U-24 side), much had been made of the attacking potential of the Irish three quarters yet on the day the only points Ireland scored in front of a 35,000 crowd were through the boot of Kevin O'Brien as the tourists were outplayed in the lineout through the work of lock Skinner. There was nothing particularly undersized about the under-24 side featuring a number of future Springboks in their ranks including Jannie Breedt, the 21 stone Flippie van der Merwe and Piet Kruger as props and 6'9" Vleis Visagie at lock. Future Springbok coach Carel du Plessis scored one try from the wing playing alongside SARFF's Wilfred Cupido, one of four coloured players included in the list of the sixty-four trialists ahead of the three test series in New Zealand later on in the year. 
The second fixture played at Olen Park -scene of Mike Slemen's unforgettable try during the 1980 BIRUT tour, saw Ireland take on fairly underwhelming opposition in the guise of the Gold Mining Invitation XV. Solomon Mhlaba, a tourist to the UK with the 1979 SA Baa Baas started at full back for the GMI but he saw little of the ball to demonstrate his attacking prowess as Ireland ran in seven tries with John Murphy contributing a total of eighteen points via his boot from fullback.
Mhlaba's SARU co-tourists from 1979,Poro and Sonto both started in the President's XV in East London in a multiracial, invitational side who were somewhat overrun by an Irish side spearheaded by a rampant backrow with captain Slattery notching a hat-trick of tries. Murphy contributed another eighteen points through six conversions, a penalty and a drop goal as he put down a firm marker for the full back test position.
On the face of it, the Country Districts B XV side posed the most unlikely banana skin the tourists would encounter on the tour. The Districts' A side was itself on tour to Canada and a number of the Irish players had allegedly voiced their concerns over a lack of credible and serious opposition ahead of the forthcoming first test, which at best could be described as unfortunate given the 17-16 reversal recorded in an error strewn performance by the visitors.
There were first caps for Murphy,Paul Dean and Jerry Holland at Newlands, a game which Ireland could undoubtedly have won, matching the Springbok pack in all phases of the game but they were seriously undermined and derailed by injuries to both Murphy and Campbell, which ultimately ruled both players out for the remainder of the tour. The fixture was the 99th test match played by South Africa. They sported white shirts in deference to the Irish but it was the presence of Erroll George Tobias in a Springbok shirt, in a midfield pairing with Danie Gerber, making him the first coloured player to appear in an international for the republic rather than the scoreline which made the international headlines on the day rather than the closeness of the result. 
The midweek fixture against a multi racial Gold Cup Invitation XV provided the opportunity for Mick Quinn to once again don the emerald shirt although he only goaled three of the nine tries scored. John Robbie also made a welcome return to action, celebrating the occasion with a brace of tries and a drop goal to boot.
The Irish pack simply surpassed themselves throughout the second test at Kings Park with the back row of O'Driscoll, Slattery and Duggan quite magnificent as the bigger Springbok pack were outplayed in every phase of the game. Holding a 7-6 half time lead courtesy of a searing try from full back O'Brien and a Quinn penalty to a Botha drop goal and penalty, another Quinn penalty extended the lead out to 10-6. Yet a further two Botha drop goals were to deprive Ireland of their glory, as he became only the fourth player in history to drop three goals in a test, his final effort being only minutes from the end of the game.
Touring party.
Full Backs.
J J Murphy* (Greystones); K A O'Brien (Broughton Park);
Three-Quarters.
A C McLennan (Wanderers);K D Crossan* (Instonians); D G Irwin (Queen's University); A W Irwin* (Queens' University): J A Hewitt*(NIFC); M J Kiernan*(Lansdowne); T J Kennedy (St. Mary's College);
Half-Backs.
P M Dean*(St.Mary's College); S O Campbell(Old Belvedere) M A M Quinn(Lansdowne); J C Robbie (Greystones) J B O' Connor*(Palmerston) R J M McGrath (Wanderers);
Forwards.
P A Orr (Old Wesley); J L Cantrell(UCD); H T Harbison*(UCD); G A J McLoughlin (Shannon); D C Fitzgerald*(Lansdowne); B O Foley (Shannon); J J Holland*(Cork Constitution); G H Wallace*(Old Wesley); J B O'Driscoll (London Irish); J F Slattery (Blackrock College); R K Kearney*(Wanderers); W P Duggan (Blackrock College); A F O'Leary*(Cork Constitution) 

</doc>
<doc id="19199472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199472" title="D30">
D30

D30, D-30 or D.30 may refer to :
and also:
see also / do not confuse:

</doc>
<doc id="19199479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199479" title="1991 Ireland rugby union tour of Namibia">
1991 Ireland rugby union tour of Namibia

The 1991 Ireland rugby union tour of Namibia. The Ireland national rugby union team made their first and, to date, only visit to Namibia in 1991. Richard Wallace made his full international debut in the first test game 
. Ireland played four matches, winning twice against Namibia B but losing both capped matches with the Namibia national rugby union team.

</doc>
<doc id="19199483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199483" title="Owen Pickard">
Owen Pickard

Owen Pickard is a football striker with football league experience at Plymouth Argyle and Hereford United. He is currently the manager of Barnstaple Town. He kept them in the Toolstation Western League in the 09/10 season with a 4-0 win over Melkshan Town FC. The starting line up was Lloyd Irish, Michael Broome, Jamie Frickleton, Steve Shore, Paul Quinn, Eugenio Da Veiga, Andrew Rogers, Shane Tolley, George Swain, Ryan Turner, Stan Paxton.

</doc>
<doc id="19199490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199490" title="Arthur Boucher">
Arthur Boucher

Arthur Boucher (29 June 1870 – 25 April 1948) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport. Boucher was an adaptable player, who although selected mainly as a forward, often played at centre. He was strong, quick for his position and passed well on the run. He was often noted for his kicking skills and kicked several drop goals each season even as a forward. Boucher was one of the last great all-round Welsh players before positional specialisation was adopted. Boucher played for the invitational Barbarians and became their club secretary between 1894 and 1899. He is the maternal grandfather of Dick King-Smith.
Rugby career.
Born in Gobowen in England, Boucher moved to Wales while still young. He joined Newport during the 1889/90 season and in the following decade he captained them over three seasons. Boucher was part of Newport's invincible 1891/92 season alongside the legendary Arthur Gould, though Boucher actually played more games.
Boucher was first selected to play for Wales on 2 January 1892 against England. He was brought in with fellow Newport forward Wallace Watts, and the two were selected to play in the same squad on ten occasions. The Welsh team were beaten soundly by England, and failed to win any of the games in that season's Championship. The next season Boucher played his role in winning Wales's very first Triple Crown, and by 1897 he had collected 13 caps, missing two games in between only due to injuries. In his final game for Wales against England, Boucher scored his first and only try for his country, and due to the Gould Affair Wales played no further games that season.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19199498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199498" title="Eros Pagni">
Eros Pagni

Eros Pagni (born 28 August 1939) is an Italian film actor. He has appeared in 34 films since 1964. He was born in La Spezia, Liguria.

</doc>
<doc id="19199501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199501" title="2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 100 metres">
2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 100 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 100 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Championships in Edmonton, Canada. There were a total number of 84 participating athletes, with eleven qualifying heats, five quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Sunday 5 August 2001 at 17:35h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19199517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199517" title="1998 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa">
1998 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa

1998 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa. The Ireland national rugby union team embarked on their third tour of South Africa, having previously visited in 1961 and 1981. Both Paul Wallace and Keith Wood had previously been on a tour to South Africa with the British and Irish Lions in 1997. Cape Town-born Dion O'Cuinneagain, had captained South Africa at both schoolboy and sevens level, before he switched allegiances. He made his senior international debut for Ireland in the 37-13 defeat against South Africa on June 13, 1998. 
Justin Fitzpatrick and Trevor Brennan also made their senior international debuts in the same game. A fourth debutant, Justin Bishop, scored a try while Eric Elwood added a conversion and two penalties.

</doc>
<doc id="19199521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199521" title="List of Deputy Chief Ministers of Bihar">
List of Deputy Chief Ministers of Bihar


</doc>
<doc id="19199537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199537" title="Pseudo-Martyr">
Pseudo-Martyr

Pseudo-Martyr is a 1610 polemical prose tract in English by John Donne. It contributed to the religious pamphlet war of the time, and was Donne's first appearance in print. It argued that English Roman Catholics should take the Oath of Allegiance of James I of England. It was printed by William Stansby for Walter Burre.
Background.
Donne had converted from Catholicism, but had not moved decisively into the Protestant camp. From 1604 he became involved in controversial theology as an onlooker, assisting his friend Thomas Morton in a reply to James Anderton, commissioned by Richard Bancroft.
The content of "Pseudo-Martyr".
Donne entered directly into one of the major debates of the period, supporting Sir Edward Coke against the Jesuit Robert Parsons. Coke in "Fift Part of the Reports" (1606) had made a historical argument on the powers of the King of England in church matters. Donne characterised the English mission, of Catholic priests trained to convert Protestants and sustain English Catholics, as "enemies to the dignity of all princes", and seditious because of the theories of temporal power of the Pope supported particularly by the Jesuits. Donne used a comparison with the Circumcellions to denigrate Jesuit attitudes to martyrdom.
A more subtle side to the argument is that it recognised that the oath had closed down the option of passive obedience to the king. Donne threw the onus of swearing onto individual conscience, discounting both arguments from the state and the authority of casuistry. The only acceptable basis was scripture and knowledge of nature, the duty of obedience being considered in the light of natural law.
Intention and reception.
"Pseudo-Martyr" launched Donne into a career as a clergyman of the Church of England, one of the reasons he wrote it. He also aimed it at English Catholics. The work influenced Thomas James, who praised it.

</doc>
<doc id="19199552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199552" title="Nezhegol River">
Nezhegol River

Nezhegol () is a river in Belgorod Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Seversky Donets. It is 75 km long, with a drainage basin of 2,878 km². The average discharge is 8.3 m³/sek (3 km from its mouth).
Five kilometres before its mouth in the Seversky Donets lies the town of Shebekino.

</doc>
<doc id="19199565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199565" title="Fresvikbreen">
Fresvikbreen

Fresvikbreen is a glacier on the south side of the Sognefjord in the municipality of Vik in Sogn og Fjordane, county, Norway. It lies between the Seljedal valley in the west, and the Storedal valley in the east. It is southwest of the village of Fresvik and southeast of the municipal center of Vikøyri.
The glacier has an area of and its highest point is above sea level. Fresvikbreen is the 23rd largest glacier on the Norwegian mainland and travels at per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19199605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199605" title="Protea coronata">
Protea coronata

Protea coronata is an erect shrub usually growing 2 to 3 metres tall, but known to reach 5 metres. It produces an apple-green flowerhead and lanceolate leaves, turning purple-green around the flowerhead. Its stems are hairy. It flowers between April and September. The plant grows in dense stands on heavy clay soils in the Western Cape, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19199608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199608" title="Carmen Scarpitta">
Carmen Scarpitta

Carmen Scarpitta (1933 – 26 April 2008) was an Italian stage and film actress. She appeared in 30 films between 1960 and 2001. Born in Hollywood, California, Scarpitta debuted on stage in 1960, in Alessandro Manzoni's "Adelchis" and in Ennio Flaiano's "A Martian in Rome", both directed by Vittorio Gassman. In her forty years' career she has worked on stage alongside Carmelo Bene, Luca Ronconi and Luigi Squarzina, and starred in films directed by Federico Fellini, Bernardo Bertolucci, Mauro Bolognini, Luigi Magni. 
She died for a gas leak in her house in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19199627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199627" title="Douglas Benford">
Douglas Benford

Douglas Benford is an English musician, curator, producer and co-founder of SPRAWL. He lives and works in London.
About.
Benford has had many recorded releases under many guises: mainly as Si-cut.db, but also Radial Blend, Phoenix Jig, Pantunes Music & Media Form (via Douglas's own imprint Suburbs Of Hell), covering electronica/drum n' bass/ambient, then microsound, glitch, dub and lately acoustic improvisation. As SI-CUT.DB Douglas also hosts, curates and plays at the SPRAWL club, based in London, and runs the off-shoot label SPRAWL IMPRINT. The first SI-CUT.DB release was in 1991, as SIDE»CUT.DB (with later moniker LOVE»CUT.DB). Under this moniker and his own name, Benford has performed at festivals internationally (including Mutek, Synch and Transmediale) and had compositions performed at venues such as Tate Modern, The Roundhouse, London's Science Museum, The Whitechapel Art Gallery and the ICA.
Sprawl.
""Douglas Benford has had so many guises, side projects and collaborations, that you might well be more familiar with his label and music night Sprawl, which he co-runs with German-born musician and photographer Iris Garrelfs.""
Sprawl is an artist led, London-based 'underground playground and test tube for current sound'. It was set up by Iris Garrelfs and Douglas Benford in 1996.
Its regular events have become a benchmark of experimental, electronic music. Artists featured have included Kim Cascone, Scanner, Talvin Singh, Kaffe Matthews, Christian Fennesz, Hayley Newman and more. Other events include the Interplay Festivals, SonicRecycler, the Groundswell Festival at ICA, as well presenting Vladislav Delay and Rosy Parlane at a concert organised in conjunction with the Tate Modern’s educational department and the Finnish Institute.
Basic si-cut.db Discography.
Albums
Selected Singles / EPs

</doc>
<doc id="19199632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199632" title="List of English football transfers 2005–06">
List of English football transfers 2005–06

List of English football transfers 2005–06 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19199675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199675" title="Marie-Anne de Roumier-Robert">
Marie-Anne de Roumier-Robert

Marie-Anne de Roumier-Robert was an 18th-century French writer.
She wrote one of the earliest known works of Science Fiction, "Voyage de Milord Céton dans les Sept Planètes" ("Lord Seton's Voyage Among the Seven Planets", 1765).

</doc>
<doc id="19199691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199691" title="May Miles Thomas">
May Miles Thomas

May Miles Thomas is a Scottish film director, screenwriter and artist. In 2000 she made the UK's first end-to-end full-length digital film "One Life Stand" which became a paradigm for future UK low budget filmmaking.
"One Life Stand".
The full-length film "One Life Stand" was shot on miniDV in black and white on a small budget. It was written, directed and edited by May Miles Thomas and was favourably reviewed. 
It won awards for Best Film, Best Director, Best Writer, and Best Performance at the BAFTA New Talent Awards and won Best Achievement in Production at the British Independent Film Awards. 
May Miles Thomas won the prestigious Scottish Screen Outstanding Achievement Award for the film.
She was also one of the first recipients of a NESTA Fellowship for the contribution the film made to the artistic and technical development of digital cinema. In 2003 Queen Elizabeth II honoured her as a Pioneer to the Life of the Nation for her services to British Cinema.
Biographical details.
Born in Glasgow and a graduate of Glasgow School of Art where she studied design and photography, May Miles Thomas worked as production designer, writer, editor, director of photography, producer and director. Her career as a filmmaker began in the mid-1980s at BBC Television, where she made the transition from production design to directing music and arts documentaries and music videos. She then moved on to writing and directing feature films. In 1995 she formed the company Elemental Films with Owen Thomas.
She followed up "One Life Stand" with a second feature film "Solid Air" in 2003, starring Maurice Roëves and Brian McCardie. The film won Best Director and Best Cinematography at the Festroia International Film Festival, Portugal in 2004. 
She won the Creative Scotland Award in 2007 to create "The Devil's Plantation" an interactive website and multi-media project which explores the secret geometry and ancient paths of Glasgow. The project won the Best Interactive category at the BAFTA New Talent Awards in 2010. In 2013 the project was re-worked as a feature-length film and was selected for the Glasgow Film Festival. It was nominated for the 2013 BAFTA Scotland Cineworld Audience Award.
Films.
Feature films
Shorts & documentaries
Awards.
Palm Springs International Short Film Festival, 1997
"The Beauty of the Common Tool"
shortlisted for an Academy Award nomination in the Short Live Action Category.
awarded by Nipkow Programm, Berlin, 1997
BAFTA New Talent Awards, 2000
for "One Life Stand"
Scottish Screen, 2000
for "One Life Stand"
British Independent Film Awards, 2000
for "One Life Stand"
Sundance Institute/NHK International Filmmakers Awards, 2001
for the feature screenplay "Ringing the True" 
Festroia Festival Internacional de Cinema, Portugal, 2003
for "Solid Air"
awarded by National Endowment for Science, Technology and the Arts, 2000–02
May Miles Thomas honoured for her services to British Cinema
by H.M. Queen Elizabeth II, 2003
Scottish Arts Council, 2007
BAFTA New Talent Awards, 2010
BAFTA Scotland Film and Television Awards, 2013 
See also.
Cinema of Scotland

</doc>
<doc id="19199696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199696" title="Bungalow Bridge">
Bungalow Bridge

Les Graham Memorial Shelter (formerly the site of a Shepherds Hut or the "Bungalow Bridge") is situated between the 30th Milestone and the 31st Milestone road-side marker on the Snaefell Mountain Course on the primary A18 Mountain Road in the parish of Lonan in the Isle of Man.
The Bungalow Bridge was part of the Highland Course and Four Inch Course used for the Gordon Bennett Trial and the Tourist Trophy automobile car races held in the Isle of Man between 1904 and 1922. The Bungalow Bridge is part of the Snaefell Mountain Course used since 1911 for the Isle of Man TT and from 1923 for the Manx Grand Prix Races.
A stone shelter in a style of a small mountain Alpine Lodge was built in 1955 in memorial to Les Graham the former 500cc World Motor-Cycle Champion on the A18 Mountain Road and the corner is named Les Graham Memorial. The winter of 1970/1971 road-widening occurs on the A18 Mountain Road at the Verandah by cutting into the hillside. This also included the corner at the Les Graham Memorial with the building of a distinctive embankment and revetment and the corner is sometimes referred to as the Bungalow Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19199701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199701" title="Melissa of the Hills">
Melissa of the Hills

Melissa of the Hills is a 1917 silent film directed by James Kirkwood.
Plot.
Melissa Stark is the daughter of evangelist Jethro. Her father is involved with several intense family feuds. Meanwhile, Melissa tries to support het father financially by making money-making schemes. It doesn't take long before she has to deal with a lawyer, whom she falls in love with.

</doc>
<doc id="19199727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199727" title="Alfredo Bini">
Alfredo Bini

Alfredo Bini (12 December 1926 – 16 October 2010) was an Italian film producer. He produced 32 films between 1958 and 1979. He was born in Livorno, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19199768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199768" title="HP X-Terminals">
HP X-Terminals

HP X-Terminals are a line of X terminals from Hewlett Packard introduced in the early- to mid-1990s, including the 700/X and 700/RX, Envizex and Entria, and the Envizex II and Entria II. They were often sold alongside PA-RISC-based HP 9000 Unix systems. The primary use case was connecting several graphical consoles to a single server or workstation to allow multiple users access the same (expensive) processing system from (less expensive) terminal systems. These X-Terminals all allowed high-resolution, color-graphics access to the main server from which they downloaded their operating system and necessary program files. All models featured limited expandability, in most cases additional I/O options for peripherals and memory for more programs or local storage. HP did not use its own PA-RISC platform for these systems, the first design used an Intel CISC processor, while all later systems used RISC platforms, first Intel i960 and later the popular MIPS.
These 1990s X-Terminals, together with offerings from many other vendors from that time, were precursors to thin computing: the use of small dumb front-end systems for I/O and a larger processing system as back-end, shared by many concurrent users.
700/X.
These were the first X-Terminals HP produced, featuring a similar case to that of some HP 9000/300
(Motorola 68000-based) workstations.
They were driven by a pretty obscure CPU combination, an Intel 186 with a TI DSP
as video coprocessor.
700/RX.
These are the direct successors to the 700/X line of X-Terminals and changed the architecture significantly.
They were the first in a line of terminals to be driven by an Intel i960 RISC CPU and introduced a case which also was used on later systems. They have a (albeit very quiet) fan.
Several submodels were available, featuring different video-options:
All models have these base features in common:
Entria.
The Entrias were the low-cost line of X-Terminals, featuring the same architecture as the 700/RX terminals, but in a plastic case the same style as the HP 9000/712 workstation. They are very small and quiet.
The Entrias were available in different video configurations, depending on the exact model:
Common:
Envizex.
The Envizex were the successors to the 700/RX terminals, featuring the same flat pizzabox case and a slightly modified architecture with a faster version of the Intel i960 RISC CPU.
They have a (very quiet) fan inside.
Three different series were available which featured different speeds of the CPU:
Common aspects:
Entria II.
These were the successors of the low-cost Entria X-Terminals, keeping their HP 9000/712-style small footprint plastic case.
The system architecture was changed completely and is shared with the later Envizex II terminals. It is based around a NEC R4300 CPU and PCI-based I/O devices.
Envizex II.
These are the bigger brothers of the Entria II X-Terminals, driven by the same R4300 MIPS CPU and PCI I/O architecture.
The case was redesigned, is very easy to open and does not have any fans, making the terminal rather quiet.
Software.
These X-Terminals/stations run a proprietary operating system from HP — Netstation, formerly Enware, with some versions apparently based on VxWorks (probably those with RISC support).
This software runs on theoretically any Unix system, native support is available for HP-UX 10, HP-UX 11, IBM AIX and Solaris 2.x. A generic installation image is provided for other Unix flavors; this can be used to install the software via the provided installation shell script on for instance various Linux or BSD flavors.
Netstation Version 7.1.
The older Enware/Netstation Version 7.1, HP product B.07.11, supports the following i960-based terminals:
It "was" downloadable from a public HP FTP service (hprc.external.hp.com/B.07.11/), which however was apparently discontinued.
Read the included documentation and technical reference and refer to the installation instructions. Generally, a Unix server is needed from which the station can boot its kernel and load its X server.
This is done via TFTP; the station can be managed locally via a configuration screen or remotely on the server via customizable configuration files.
Netstation Version 9.0.
The most current available Netstation version is 9.0, HP product B.09.11. This version supports the newer MIPS-based X-Terminals:
Same as with the older Netstation software, version 9.0 was available from a HP FTP service, which was discontinued. (See above)
The newer X-Terminals (IIs) can boot in different ways, over a NFS mount, a SMB share or plain TFTP.
Included in the Netstation software is a native Java environment which makes execution of local Java applets on the terminal possible.
References.
Specific references:
General references:

</doc>
<doc id="19199829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199829" title="Ángel Aranda">
Ángel Aranda

Ángel Aranda (born 18 September 1934) is a Spanish film actor. He appeared in 48 films between 1955 and 1980. He was born in Andalucía, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19199853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199853" title="Lightgraff (lightgraff art)">
Lightgraff (lightgraff art)

Lightgraffiti or lightgraff is an artistic performance. Instead of painting with acrylic spray, light is used to create pictures and videos.
Lightgraffiti is an artistic activity with graffiti and light painting roots.
The American photographer Man Ray realised a lot of pictures based on lightdraw, like "A Man With Moving Light and Space-Writing", in 1937. The French plastician Georges Mathieu also worked with light effects in the 1950s. Remanent light is capture to make drawing effects, like graffiti (see also light painting).
Actually, with the new digital cameras, it is easier to create a lightgraff. French artists explore new techniques as Nuno de Matos, Mikhail Churkin, Rézine and Lightgraff's collective.
Video is also explore with the new cmos device sensitivity, choreographic light lines are recorded in lightgraff motion.

</doc>
<doc id="19199862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199862" title="Norm Beechey">
Norm Beechey

Norm Beechey is a retired Australian race car driver, who was given the nickname ""Stormin Norman"" by his fans. To some, he was the closest thing Holden had to a star racing driver, before Peter Brock. Beechey competed in the Australian Touring Car Championship from 1963 to 1972 winning the title in 1965 driving a Ford Mustang and in 1970 at the wheel of a Holden Monaro. Along the way, he achieved seven round wins, and one pole position. His championship win in 1970 was the first victory by a Holden driver in the Australian Touring Car Championship.
Beechey began racing at the age of 22 in a Ford Customline V8. He came to prominence only a year later when he won the Olympic Touring Car Race at Albert Park, a support event at the Australian Grand Prix meeting which was held in conjunction with the 1956 Melbourne Olympic Games. As the expense of running this and two subsequent Customline V8s proved too prohibitive he reverted to a Holden 48-215 in 1959. After becoming part of David McKay’s Scuderia Veloce team he again returned to V8s, developing a Chevrolet Impala with which he won the New South Wales Touring Car Championship at Catalina Park. He progressed to a Ford Galaxie owned by Len Lukey and was then instrumental in forming the Neptune Racing Team in 1964. He raced a Holden EH S4 as part of that team alongside Jim McKeown’s Lotus Cortina and Peter Manton’s Morris Cooper S. He subsequently developed and raced a series of V8 powered Touring Cars with which he contested the Australian Touring Car Championship and other events. The first Ford Mustang to race in Australia was followed by a Chevrolet Chevy II Nova, a Chevrolet Camaro, a Holden Monaro GTS 327 and a Holden Monaro GTS 350.
Beechey retired from racing at the end of the 1972 season. He was inducted into the V8 Supercar Hall of Fame in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19199884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199884" title="SD Tenisca">
SD Tenisca

Sociedad Deportiva Tenisca is a Spanish football team club from the city of Santa Cruz de La Palma, on the island of La Palma (Canary Islands). It was founded in 1922 and currently plays in the Canary group of the Tercera División – Group 12 of Spain.
He is the current Dean palmero football since the first team was created on the island of La Palma of which still exist. He is also the club with more shares in the Tercera División – Group 12 of the Canary Islands and the only one in Spain he has played every season in the Tercera División with a current total of 34 campaigns.
With the CD Mensajero football rivalry Messenger form par excellence of the island of La Palma in the Canary Islands and the second. One of these rivalry games was listed as one of the most violent of Spanish football by the competition committee with a total of 48 match ban.
Holding home games at "Estadio Virgen de Las Nieves", with a capacity of 5,500 seats.
Stadium.
Tenisca play at "Estadio Virgen de Las Nieves". It is situated two miles to the north of Santa Cruz de la Palma.
Local derbies.
Tenisca's most passionate rivalry is with CD Mensajero. This started from the 20s to the present.
Since the reorganisation of the fourth division in 1977, the clubs have met in the league on 37 occasions, with twelve wins for Tenisca and eight wins for Mensajero and 17 draws.

</doc>
<doc id="19199893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199893" title="Yuval Rotem">
Yuval Rotem

Yuval Rotem (, born March 21, 1959) is an Israeli diplomat who is currently the ambassador of the State of Israel to the Commonwealth of Australia.
Biography.
Yuval Rotem was born in Tel Aviv, Israel, to Rachel and Israel Frenkel. They lived in a suburb called Giv'atayim. Rotem attended his first years of school in a local school. He moved on to a regional high school, "Yironi Tet" in Tel Aviv. Rotem is fluent in Hebrew and English, and understands Italian.
Following his service in the Israel Defense Forces, he studied Political Science and International Relations at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem where he received his B.A. Degree with distinction. Rotem then participated in a special workshop for outstanding students at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and a special semester for outstanding students in Georgetown University, Washington D.C., where he also worked as an Aide to Congressman Richard Gephardt of Missouri. Completing his M.A. degree at the Hebrew University in 1988, he received High Honors for his graduate thesis.
Yuval Rotem is married to Miri with three children.
Career.
Early career.
From 1978 through to 1985, Yuval Rotem served as a paramedical assistant in ECG technician, in the emergency room in Ichilov Hospital, in Tel Aviv, Israel.
From 1984 until 1985, he also served as a Parliamentary Assistant in the Israeli Parliament (Knesset) in Jerusalem.
Prior to joining the Diplomatic Corps, he also served as a Parliamentary Assistant to Congressman Richard Gephardt (D-MO) in Capitol Hill, Washington, D.C..
Diplomatic career.
Yuval Rotem joined the diplomatic corps in 1985. In his first two years, he was part of a cadet course in the training Division in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In his next two years, he served as a senior assistant to the Policy Advisor to the Foreign Minister. Rotem was first selected for an overseas posting in 1989, where he served as Chief Spokesman for Israel’s Permanent Mission to the United Nations and also for the Consulate General of Israel in New York. Upon his return in 1993, he became a Senior Assistant in the office of the Deputy Foreign Minister, and later, a Director of the office of the Senior Deputy Director. In 1995, Mr. Rotem was chosen by then Foreign Minister Ehud Barak to be his Senior Policy Advisor for the Peace Process.
Following Israel's national elections in 1996, Rotem was appointed to the position of Chief of Staff to the Foreign Minister, serving in that capacity under Foreign Minister David Levy and then under Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. In 1999, Mr. Rotem was reappointed for a second term as Chief of Staff to the Foreign Minister.
In 1999, Rotem was selected for his second overseas posting, this time as Consul General of Israel in Los Angeles, California. This posting included most of the Western region of the USA- Utah, Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, Hawaii, Wyoming and Southern California. During his posting in Los Angeles, Rotem had a rough posting mainly due to the fact of the renewed outbreak of violence and terror against Israel. A highlight of Rotem's difficult assignment was the attack on LAX on July 4, 2002. Rotem also had a strong connection with the Jewish Community in Los Angeles and frequently visited and spoke to the community.
In 2003, Rotem received the rank of an Ambassador by Benjamin Netanyahu, then the Foreign Minister. This made Rotem the youngest career Diplomat which a rank of an Ambassador in the Foreign Ministry, which still stands today.
Upon his return from Los Angeles, Rotem took his time for further education. Rotem took on two courses called "Board of Governance for High-Ranking Officials, for Government Owned Companies" and "Concepts of Investments for Private & Public Clients". These were offered by HAMIL, a special school for Directors. It took place in Ramat-Gan, Israel.
After three years, Rotem was assigned to Ambassador of Israel to Australia and non-resident Ambassador to New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and Fiji. He succeeded Naftali Tamir. Rotem arrived with his family in early July 2007, and presented his credentials to Governor General Michael Jeffery. Rotem also presented his credentials to Governor General of New Zealand, Anand Satyanand, in October 2007. Since, Rotem has also presented his credentials to the Governors General of Fiji, and Papua New Guinea.
Since his arrival, Rotem has further promoted the relationship between Israel, and its Oceania allies. Rotem has initiated a special motion in the Parliament of Australia celebrating Israel's 60th year of Independence. Rotem has also held numerous events with the Jewish Communities both in Sydney, Melbourne and New Zealand. Rotem has been part of Governor General Michael Jeffery's first state visit to Israel and participated in the opening of the Park of the Australian Soldier in Beersheba. The event was hosted by Israel President Shimon Peres. Yuval Rotem's posting to Australia is set to last 3–5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19199899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199899" title="Gabriella Giorgelli">
Gabriella Giorgelli

Gabriella Giorgelli (born 1942) is an Italian film actress. She appeared in 70 films between 1962 and 1998. She also appeared in many photo comics including Sadistik and is interviewed in the new film "The Diabolikal Super-Kriminal".
She was born in Carrara, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19199905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199905" title="Maximum Illud">
Maximum Illud

Maximum Illud is an Apostolic Letter of Pope Benedict XV issued on November 30, 1919, in the sixth year of his pontificate. It deals with the Catholic missions after World War I.
Pope Benedict XV recalled the great Apostles of the Gospel who contributed much to the Expansion of Missions. He reviewed the recent history of the missions and stated the purpose of the Apostolic letter. The encyclical first turned to the bishops and superiors in charge of the Catholic missions, noting the need to train local clergy. Catholic missionaries are reminded that their goal is a spiritual one, which must be carried out in a self-less way.
The Pope underlined the necessity of proper preparation for the work in foreign cultures and the need to acquire language skills before going there. He requests a continued striving for personal sanctity and praises the selfless work of female religious in the missions. Mission is not only for missionaries, all Catholics must participate, through their Apostolate of Prayer, by supporting vocations, and by helping financially. The encyclical concludes by pointing out several organizations which organize and supervise mission activities within the Catholic Church.
Accomplishments.
The war being over, Pope Benedict repeats the biblical mandate to the ends of the earth and preach the gospel. He recalls the examples of Francis Xavier in India and Bartolomé de las Casas in the Americas and others to show what individuals can do in the service of God. Many missionaries died as martyrs for their faith and many live like saints. He is also impressed with what has been achieved so far.
Local Clergy.
The most important point to Benedict is the development of local clergy, for any one who has charge of a mission, his special concern must be, to secure and train local candidates for the sacred ministry:

</doc>
<doc id="19199909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199909" title="Periwinkle (film)">
Periwinkle (film)

Periwinkle is a 1917 silent film directed by James Kirkwood. The film, now believed to be lost, had a generally negative reception. "The New York Times" called it "a minor melodrama".
Plot.
Periwinkle is a teenage waif. One day, she nearly drowns, but is rescued by the wealthy Richard. They fall in love and marry.

</doc>
<doc id="19199913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199913" title="Shoenberg">
Shoenberg

Shoenberg is the surname of several persons.

</doc>
<doc id="19199920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199920" title="Roy Patrick">
Roy Patrick

Roy Patrick (4 December 1935 in Overseal – 1998) was a professional footballer who played for Derby County, Nottingham Forest, Southampton, Exeter City and Burton Albion.

</doc>
<doc id="19199929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199929" title=".17 Ackley Bee">
.17 Ackley Bee

The .17 Ackley Bee is a wildcat centerfire rifle cartridge named after its designer, P.O. Ackley, and is a .218 Bee case necked down to .17 caliber with a squarer shoulder and less body taper. Being a rimmed case it was popular with single shot rifles such as the Martini Cadet and Low Wall Winchester. The caliber is well suited to varmint hunting particularly where minimal pelt damage is required.
Characteristics
This little "wild Cat" cartridge has some very unique qualities as a result of its velosity and bullet design/co-effiency. In soft tissue, the little projectile is explosive...expanding rapidly, yet will penetrate solid material. For instance if hunting rabbit in the rain,the projectile will explode before reaching the rabbit. However it will penetrate steel the thickness of a railroad rail leaving a hole that appears to have been drilled.

</doc>
<doc id="19199957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199957" title="Jacques Deschenaux">
Jacques Deschenaux

Jacques Deschenaux (born December 9, 1945 in Fribourg) is a Swiss journalist and television personality.
He has worked for many years with the sports programming at the French branch of Swiss television. Among his journalistic works is a biography about Swiss racing driver Jo Siffert. In 1989 he co-hosted the Eurovision Song Contest with Lolita Morena.

</doc>
<doc id="19199962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199962" title="Jeremy Curl">
Jeremy Curl

Jeremy Robert Patrick Curl, FRGS (born 13 March 1982) is an Anglo-Irish explorer, writer, filmmaker and photographer. 
Biography.
Curl was born in Tokyo to English and Irish parents and educated at Charterhouse in Surrey, England where he won an art scholarship and subsequently the University of Utrecht in the Netherlands and Lund University, Sweden, where he read History. 
Curl worked briefly at the British Museum, London, in the Ancient Egyptology department alongside renown Egyptologist Vivien Davies where he learnt to read Egyptian hieroglyphs and awakened his love for ancient and enigmatic cultures. He has travelled widely in Africa and Asia and has worked with statesmen and artists alike, from being photographer to Cuban laureate Pablo Armando Fernández to filmmaker to the President of Latvia. While in Cuba he interviewed the Castro family about Cuba's political future. Curl has exhibited his expedition photographs widely, including alongside Nelson Mandela in 2010. He is a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society.
Saharan Exploration.
In 2008 he became the first non-African to cross the Tanezrouft area of the Sahara without motorized transport During his time in the desert he lived with the Touareg nomads, travelling with the tribes of the Kel Ahaggar and Kel Ifoghas, witnessing their threatened lifestyle first hand. While in the Sahara he crossed the 1200 miles on foot and by camel from the Hoggar mountains in Algeria to Timbuktu in Mali, reaching the city in only 50 days. He has published articles about his findings and experiences and written a basic dictionary of Tamasheq, the language of the Touareg. He was nominated for a Rolex Award for Exploration and Discovery in 2009.
Transnistria.
In 2009 Curl spent time in Transnistria, officially the Pridnestrovian Moldovan Republic, a Leninist post-Soviet frozen conflict zone between the Ukraine and Moldova. A socialist state that borrows from the Soviet model, Transnistria is a police state of 400,000 inhabitants. Although unrecognised as a sovereign nation by any UN country, Transnistria produces its own passports, currency and stamps and runs its own police force and army. Curl returned having photographed scenes previously unseen outside the republic. 
Lower Omo River Valley.
In 2010 Curl crossed the western side of the Omo River Valley in southwest Ethiopia from Dima across tribal lands southwards towards Kenya. He passed through the western Surma tribal lands, through the lands of the Bench, Dizi and Nyangatom tribes finishing on the eastern side of the Omo in the lands of the Hamer. Curl travelled with tribal escorts and scouts, changing companions from tribe to tribe, most of whom are completely cut off from outside influence and still continue a very traditional way of life. Curl encountered people who had never seen or heard of white men and is one of a handful of Westerners to travel across this land on foot where tribal conflict is frequent.
Other Interests.
As a film director Curl has won the Horror Film Festival, the Netherlands (2002) and has lectured on film theory in the UK and abroad. He is also a published cryptographer having contributed to academic journals internationally including the journal Eidos. 
Books.
Amongst the Touareg (2009)

</doc>
<doc id="19199972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199972" title="John Sharples (footballer born 1934)">
John Sharples (footballer born 1934)

John Sharples (8 August 1934 – 1 September 2001) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League as a full back for Aston Villa and Walsall. He was born in Heath Town, Wolverhampton.

</doc>
<doc id="19199980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199980" title="Alfonso Balcázar">
Alfonso Balcázar

Alfonso Balcázar (2 March 1926 – 28 December 1993) was a Spanish screenwriter, film director and producer. He wrote for 46 films between 1958 and 1983. He also directed 30 films between 1960 and 1984.
He was born and died in Barcelona, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19199996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19199996" title="Rose of the Alley">
Rose of the Alley

Rose of the Alley is a 1916 silent crime drama film directed by Charles Horan.
This film is extant at George Eastman House, Rochester New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19200001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200001" title="Peter Norfolk">
Peter Norfolk

Peter Robert Norfolk OBE (born 13 December 1960) is a British wheelchair tennis player. Following a motorbike accident which left him paraplegic, he uses a wheelchair. He took up tennis and following a further spinal complication in 2000 he began competing in the quad division. He is nicknamed The Quadfather.
He has multiple Grand Slam and Super Series titles, and competed for Great Britain at the Summer Paralympics when tennis made its first appearance at Athens 2004. He won the gold medal in the singles, and defended it at Beijing as well as adding a bronze medal in the doubles. He competed in his third Paralympics in 2012 in London, where he was also the flagbearer for Great Britain at the opening ceremony.
Early life.
He was born in London on 13 December 1960. Norfolk suffered a motorbike accident in 1979 at the age of 19, and was left paraplegic. He was hospitalised for over a year, and the disability resulted in him requiring a wheelchair. There was a further complication in 2000, damage was caused to cervical spinal nerve 7 resulted in Norfolk additionally losing strength in his right arm and shoulder.
Tennis career.
He became a wheelchair tennis player at the age of 30, having seen a demonstration at Stoke Mandeville. He competes in the quad division. This means he competes against other players with a disability in at least three limbs. He plays with a tennis racket taped to his hand, and competes in the NEC Wheelchair Tennis Tour.
He was the first person ever to win a Paralympic medal for Britain in tennis when he took gold in the quads singles at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, defeating David Wagner of the United States. It had been the first occasion where a tennis event had been included in a Paralympic programme. He also won a silver medal with Mark Eccleston in the quad doubles event. Following his victories, in 2005 he was invited to perform the coin toss ahead of the men's singles final at Wimbledon.
He represented Great Britain again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, winning gold in the singles event and bronze in doubles with Jamie Burdekin. He sees the defeat in the semi final as the biggest disappointment in his tennis career.
In the 2010 season, he missed out on finishing overall as world number one by eight ranking points, despite winning the end of season Wheelchair Masters tournament. He beat Wagner 6–3 7–6 (7–4), but his opponent ended the season one place above him in the rankings. Wagner beat him at the 2011 Australian Open, marking the first occasion Norfolk had been defeated in an Australian Open final, having previously defeated Wagner in on four occasions in 2004, 2008, 2009 and 2010. It did however mark the first occasion that Norfolk had won a doubles tournament in Australia, partnered with Andrew Lapthorne.
He regained the Australian Open title in 2012, beating Wagner in the final and becoming world number one once more. It marked his fifth victory at the grand slam tournament. He was also victorious once more in the doubles, teaming with Lapthorne again to defeat Wagner and his partner Noam Gershony.
He carried the torch in Liverpool during the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay. He was the winner of both the singles and the doubles events in the pre-Paralympic test event at Eton Manor in May 2012. On 19 June 2012 was named once more to the British squad for the Paralympics, to compete at London 2012. He is one of three men's quad division tennis players, alongside Burdekin and Lapthorne. He admitted that the Games placed a great deal of pressure on his performance saying, "This year is about the Paralympics and everyone is expecting me to win, so it will be my year to see where I'm at."
Norfolk has multiple Super Series titles. He has finished the year as world number one on five occasions, and won the Team World Cup three times. He has a rivalry with Wagner, with the two swapping the number one and number two ranked positions in the quad division on a regular basis. Norfolk was awarded the Carl Aarvold Award for International Achievement by the Lawn Tennis Association in 2012. Norfolk was voted to carry the British flag at the opening ceremony of the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games in London.
Personal life.
In 1989, Peter founded a company called Equipment for the Physically Challenged, which specialises in mobility equipment for physically challenged disabled people. He is married to a sports physiotherapist named Linda, and has two children. He was named an MBE in 2005, and an OBE in 2009. He uses tennis rackets from Prince Sports, and his sports wheelchair is by Quickie Matchpoint.

</doc>
<doc id="19200004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200004" title="Ken Hodgkisson">
Ken Hodgkisson

Ken Hodgkisson (born 12 March 1933 in West Bromwich, England) is an English footballer who played primarily for Walsall.
Hodgkisson began with hometown club West Bromwich Albion and had a handful of first-team outings before moving to Walsall FC in 1955. As the side's schemer in midfield, he would become a legend at Walsall he had a record of 57 goals in 336 games but Hodgkisson was about more than putting the ball in the net. As an inside-forward he was known as a team player. During his 11 years Hodgkisson worked alongside some of Walsall's best players including Colin Taylor, Colin Askey and Tommy Wilson and his ability to adapt played a huge part in Walsall's early 1960's success. He left League football in 1966 for Worcester City. He returned to Albion to manage the youth team in the 80s and has worked as a scout since. Hodgkisson regularly attends games to support both West Bromwich Albion and Walsall fc, he is also invited to past player events or award evenings. He has been awarded by Walsall fc the best player in 1960-1961 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19200041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200041" title="1835 in Mexico">
1835 in Mexico

Events in the year 1835 in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19200058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200058" title="Víctor Israel">
Víctor Israel

Víctor Israel born José María Soler Vilanova (13 June 1929 – 19 September 2009) was a Spanish (Catalan) film actor. He appeared in over 140 films, beginning in 1961.
He was born in Barcelona, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19200068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200068" title="Ian Butler (footballer)">
Ian Butler (footballer)

Ian Butler (born 1 February 1944 in Darton, Barnsley) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a left winger for Rotherham United, Hull City, York City and Barnsley.
Butler began his career at Rotherham United where he established himself down the left wing and played alongside players such as Ken Houghton in a highly promising team with a significant number of locally-developed players. Together with Houghton, he moved to Hull City during the 1964–65 season, much to the displeasure of Rotherham's fans. He became part of a formidable attacking line including Ray Henderson, Ken Wagstaff and Chris Chilton, whose performances took Hull City to the Third Division title in 1966 and established the side as a Second Division force in the 1960s and 1970s. He finished his League career with York City and a loan spell at Barnsley.

</doc>
<doc id="19200072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200072" title="John Frowen">
John Frowen

John Frowen (11 October 1931 – 28 August 2011) was a professional footballer who played for Cardiff City, Bristol Rovers and Newport County.
Born in Trelewis, Wales, Frowen began his professional career at Cardiff City after being spotted playing for local side Nelson. Graduating through the clubs junior teams, he made his debut in a 1-0 defeat to West Bromwich Albion in September 1952. However he struggled to hold on to a reagular first team place due to the form of players such as Stan Montgomery and Danny Malloy. He left Cardiff in the summer of 1958, joining Bristol Rovers where he managed to become a first team choice for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19200075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200075" title="Dimples (1916 film)">
Dimples (1916 film)

Dimples is a 1916 silent drama film directed by Edgar Jones. The film stars Mary Miles Minter in the lead role.
The film is held by Cinematheque Francais, Paris.
Plot.
Dimples is a young girl, whose father dies. She goes to the South to live with her aunt, but doesn't know her father has hidden his legacy in her doll. She falls in love with Robert, who is threatened with financial ruin.

</doc>
<doc id="19200091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200091" title="London (2005 action film)">
London (2005 action film)

London is a 2005 Tamil action,comedy film directed by Sundar C, which was a remake of the Malayalam film "Kakkakuyil". It stars Prashanth and Ankitha in the lead roles, while Vijaykumar, Srividya and Pandiarajan play supporting roles. The film released in March 2005 with mixed reviews. The film is a rip-off of Hollywood movie A Fish Called Wanda.
Plot.
Sivaraman (Prashanth), an easy going young man, comes to London in search of a job. He loses all his certificates. Finds Kadhir (Pandiarajan), wandering in London aimlessly without a job. Now they need job & money. Kadhir persuades Sivaraman to join in a bank robbery planned by Baskar (Manivannan) - his stammering brother Natrajan (Mayilsamy) & Aishwarya (Mumtaj), who is Baskar‘s lover which lands them in more trouble as the robbery ends vainly. Aishwarya informs the police about the robbery & tells that the entire plan was hatched by Baskar. Baskar hides the money before getting arrested & the place is known only to his lawyer - Vedimuthu (Vadivelu). Aishwarya fakes to be in love with Vedimuthu to find where the money is hidden.
Meanwhile, to find a safe cover Sivaraman & Kadhir plan to imitate Saravanan, the grandson of rich elderly couple, (Vijaykumar) & wife Parvathy (Srividya). They haven't seen their grandchild since his birth. Sivaraman & Kadhir end up disguising with the body of Kadhir & the voice of Sivaraman to make up for Saravanan in front of the blind couple. Ganesh (Delhi Ganesh), who knows Kadhir before, makes several attempts to expose the truth to the old couple. But all fail to the luck of the Sivaraman & Kadhir. All of a sudden Anjali (Ankitha) arrives in the disguises of lover of Saravanan. She calls on all the relatives of the blind couple. The relatives arrive in the absence of Sivaraman. Finding no-way out Kadhir pretends to have fainted unconscious & he gets admitted to hospital. Sivaraman comes to his rescue & says that he is Dr. Karthikeyan, a friend of Saravanan from America.
Amidst their drama, Kadhir tries to steal the statue of Lord Krishna for which he plays a trick to injure the old blind woman which keeps all others out of the house for sometime. Sivaraman engages in a fight with Kadhir when he tries to leave with the statue he had stolen. The old man accuses his relatives for his wife’s accident & asks all his relatives to leave at once. Sivaraman & Kadhir gets desperate. Anjali reveals that she is Saravanan's actual lover & Saravanan died in an accident in America. She had come to intimate this to the old couple. After revealing all this she gives them money & asks them to get out of the house. Sivaraman refuses to take the money & asks Kadhir not to take the money. Kadhir leaves Sivaraman in anger taking the money with him. Sivaraman returns to the old man & confesses all his mistakes. The old man asks them to continue the drama for the sake of his wife Parvathy, who loves her grandson more than her life. Parvathy comes & calls Saravanan but she gets no replies but finally gets hold of Kadhir's arms who has returned in remorse.
Release.
Critics from Indiaglitz.com noted "If you forget a thing called logic, this is indeed a hilarious roller-coaster ride." The critic added that "Prashanth, as Sivaraman and Saravanan, does not complicate things. He sticks to a neat and simple path. Ankitha has nothing much to do, except simper and look good. And she does look ravishing."
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack consists of six songs composed by Vidyasagar.

</doc>
<doc id="19200100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200100" title="Ray Henderson (footballer)">
Ray Henderson (footballer)

Ray Henderson (born 31 March 1937) is an English former footballer who played as a right winger.
Born in Wallsend, England, Henderson began his League career with Middlesbrough before moving to Hull City in 1961. He attained legendary status at Hull, forming part of a formidable forward line with Ken Wagstaff, Chris Chilton, Ken Houghton and Ian Butler whose goals won Hull City promotion in 1966.
Henderson left Hull for Reading in 1968 and joined the coaching staff there after retirement. By 1975 he was reserve team manager at Everton.

</doc>
<doc id="19200105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200105" title="Karim Aouadhi">
Karim Aouadhi

Karim Ben Hassan Aouadhi (born 2 May 1986 in Mégrine) is a Tunisian footballer who currently plays for Espérance Sportive de Tunis.
Career.
Aouadhi was formed at Association sportive de Mégrine and joined in 2007 Club Africain. On 5 September 2008, Aouadhi moved on loan to UAE League club Al-Wahda until June 2009 for 250 millions dinars. On 7 April 2011, he signed a two-year contract for German club Fortuna Düsseldorf, but the contract was terminated by both sides for reason of language problems on 27 December 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19200107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200107" title="Dangerous Curves (The Simpsons)">
Dangerous Curves (The Simpsons)

"Dangerous Curves" is the fifth episode of the twentieth season of "The Simpsons". It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 9, 2008. The episode received mixed reviews from television critics.
Plot.
On the Fourth of July, the Simpson family takes a road trip to visit a cabin in the woods. While driving there, they pick up hitchhikers Squeaky Voiced Teen and his girlfriend, Beatrice. Staring at the two younger teens, Homer flashes back to how he and Marge were, twenty years earlier, in their dating years. In the flashback, a young Homer and Marge are on bikes, riding down the highway. Homer and Marge attempt to kiss while biking, but Homer ends up crashing his bike, forcing them to continue on foot. Ned and Maude Flanders, who are driving by, see them and pick them up. Ned and Maude shock Homer and Marge by revealing the two of them are married (as of 2:00 pm that day). They appear to be having some marital problems already and, seeing this, Homer proposes to 'not' marry Marge. Back in the present, Homer becomes quite annoyed with the Squeaky Voiced Teen's kissing Beatrice, which prompts him to go into another flashback, five years ago in Homer and Marge's married years.
In their married years, Homer and Marge are more stressed. Driving with Marge, Patty and Selma, and getting the usual flak from the latter two, Homer reaches his breaking point and kicks his sisters-in-law out of the car. Marge points out that Patty and Selma have the map and therefore the directions to their destination. After mistaking the fuel gauge for a compass reading "E" for East, the car runs out of gas, and Homer and Marge head to a nearby home to use their phone. The house owner, Alberto, is having a party, and he invites Homer and Marge inside. Marge becomes annoyed with Homer's behavior at the party, and becomes enraged after seeing him flirt with a beautiful woman named Sylvia. Following an argument about this with Homer, Marge accidentally falls into the pool. Homer starts a sushi fight, and Marge regrets marrying Homer. In the present, the family drops off the Squeaky-Voiced Teen and Beatrice at a cabin, while the Simpsons head off to their cabin.
Homer and Marge flash back to their dating years, where the Flanders' dropped them off at the very same cabins they are at today. Flanders manages to successfully convince Homer and Marge to sleep in separate rooms, while Ned and Maude have sex, much to their disappointment. In their married years, Marge leaves Alberto's party with him to run to the cabins. Similarly, Homer runs off with Sylvia to those very same cabins. Not wanting each other to discover their own near-affairs, Marge hides Alberto in a box and has Homer put it outside; Homer, not knowing Alberto is in there, puts Sylvia inside as well. Alberto and Sylvia fall in love while Homer and Marge rekindle their love. In the present, Homer and Marge meet Alberto and Sylvia, now married with a daughter named Ruthie and learn of each other's near-affairs. Marge becomes disgusted that the most important moment in their early years of marriage was based on lies and deceit; however, Homer points out that Marge was just as bad as he was at the time, and that she has no moral to scold him. Homer regrets marrying Marge and, trapped in a ball of their luggage which happened while unpacking, has Ruthie roll him away from Marge into the woods but he gets hit by a pedal car driven by Bart with Lisa and Maggie inside.
Back in their dating years, Ned tells Homer that if he were married to Marge, he could make all the love to her he wants. Taking a walk through the woods with Marge, Homer carves the message "Marge + Homer 4ever" into a tree. In the present, Homer sees this message on the same tree and decides there is still time to save his marriage. He attempts to peel the bark off the tree and show the message to Marge; Marge suddenly arrives to find Homer and accidentally knocks the tree, which had severely weakened roots, over a ravine. Homer clings onto the bark and refuses to let go, but Marge tells him that their love for each other is within themselves, not in the bark. Homer falls down the ravine toward the river below, still holding onto the bark and peeling it all off the tree, with Marge falling after. They stop falling when the line of bark stops, allowing them to be saved by Bart and Lisa in their pedal car, which Bart had accidentally driven into the river. As the episode ends, Bart allows Homer and Marge to have PG-13 smooching in the back seat.
Cultural references.
The episode's non-linear plot showing various points in Homer and Marge's relationship is a reference to the 1967 film "Two for the Road", starring Audrey Hepburn and Albert Finney, and the episode's musical score mimics the film's Henry Mancini score. Homer, Sylvia and Dr. Hibbert sing the Chubby Checker song "Limbo Rock", while a water-soaked Marge resembles Cousin Itt from "The Addams Family".
Toucan Sam, Trix, Cap'n Crunch and Count Chocula are all featured on Bart's "Cereal Killer" game; they are, respectively, the mascots for Fruit Loops, Trix, Cap'n Crunch and Count Chocula breakfast cereals. The handheld system Bart is playing on is a Game Boy Advance.
Reception.
Since airing, the episode has received mixed reviews from television critics. Robert Canning of IGN said, "I did find Bart and Lisa as the bickering couple...to be very funny. It added a fresh twist to this generally stale outing. ...There were other fun laughs...but none of that could make up for the poor story being told or the overall unfunniness of the episode." He gave this episode a 5.8. Daniel Aughey of TV Guide said, "was the Worst. Episode. Ever. I found the events of this week's episode so simplistic that I was utterly confused." He went on to say, "The story was stitched together and never really had any momentum." Erich Asperschlager of TV Verdict wrote: "I’ve always enjoyed The Simpsons flashback episodes. The best of them tickle a nostalgic funny bone, but 'Dangerous Curves' doesn’t really fit with those episodes, though. The story of Homer and Marge’s marriage weathering a serious storm would be a lot more compelling if we hadn’t seen it before. I’m glad the writers feel they can write character-based stories after 19 years. I just wish they’d stop repeating themselves. Still, 'Dangerous Curves' is at least a complete story from beginning to end, and it has some of the best one-liners this season."

</doc>
<doc id="19200139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200139" title="Leo Bennett">
Leo Bennett

Major Alfred Charles Leopold (Leo) Bennett, MBE born at West Norwood in London on 31 December 1914, and died at Thames Ditton, Surrey, on 24 September 1971, was a first-class cricketer who played for Northamptonshire for three seasons after the Second World War.
Bennett was a right-handed middle-order batsman who played for Surrey's second eleven in 1937, and might have played more for Surrey but for a mistake at the start of the 1946 season. According to a published history of the county club, Surrey, casting around for an amateur captain to lead the side in the hastily-arranged first season of first-class cricket after the war, alighted on the name "Major Bennett". The intention appears to have been to offer the job to Leo Bennett, but instead, another club cricketer, Major Nigel Harvie Bennett, who had also played a few second eleven matches pre-war, was asked and he accepted the job.
Most of Leo Bennett's cricket was at club level, where he was a prominent player over many seasons and a frequent player and captain in the minor warm-up matches for the Club Cricket Conference against touring sides; he was also the captain for the BBC cricket team. During the Second World War, however, Bennett played alongside some bigger cricketing names in matches for, among others, the British Empire XI, although these games were not first-class.
In 1947 and the following two seasons, he turned out in a total of 16 first-class matches for Northamptonshire, making useful runs in his first and last seasons. His best match came against Nottinghamshire at Northampton in August 1947, when he scored 56 in the first innings and 68 in the second, his two highest first-class scores. Northamptonshire still lost the match by a large margin.
His obituary in Wisden Cricketers' Almanack credits him with a book on club cricket, and he appears to have moved in exalted cricketing circles in his latter life. As late as 1962 and 1963, he was captaining Lord's Taverners teams in less-than-serious matches at Lord's: players who turned out under his captaincy included Keith Miller, David Sheppard and Norman Wisdom.
Bennett was commissioned into the Royal Fusiliers in June 1943, but later transferred to the Worcestershire Regiment. He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1945 for his war service.

</doc>
<doc id="19200162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200162" title="Australian Mini Challenge">
Australian Mini Challenge

The Australian Mini Challenge was a touring car racing category in Australia. First held in 2008, the Mini Challenge supported both the V8 Supercar Championship Series and the V8 Supercar Development Series. The category is managed by Toleman Motorsport, who took over management rights following the demise of previous rights holder, Sherrin Motorsport. Late in 2010, BMW announced the withdrawal of its support of the series.
In 2011 the series competitors were thrown a lifeline and invited to compete in the Australian Manufacturers' Championship, in a series called the AMC Mini Cup. The only changes to the rules were the requirement to run on radial tyres and the addition of a dry break fuel system to the cars for long distance events. The 2011 class pointscore was won by the only series regular Beric Lynton. Only three teams competed all season, the other two being the Sherrins Rentals team and Brendan Cook's team. All three cars never attended the same round however, with only one attending some rounds.
The car.
The R56 Mini hardtops were built by BMW Motorsport in Germany and flown to Australia. The Mini Challenge cars were based on the road going John Cooper works models, with a 1.6 litre, four cylinder, turbocharged engine producing 155kW (208hp). Weighing 1150kg (2535lb), the cars could accelerate to 100km/h (62mph) in just over six seconds and reach a top speed of 240km/h (149mph).

</doc>
<doc id="19200176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200176" title="Jody Cundy">
Jody Cundy

Jody Alan Cundy MBE (born 14 October 1978) is an English cyclist and former swimmer.
Biography.
Born in Wisbech, Cambridgeshire.
Jody grew up in Norfolk with his parents Alan, 64, a fitter-welder, and Ann, 58, an accountancy clerk, and younger brother Ashley.
He is now based in Manchester where he trains with the Great Britain Cycling squad. Cundy was born with a deformed foot, which was amputated when he was three years old. 
When Jody was aged 10, his parents met a disabled girl's parents and they discussed disability swimming. Jody's parents found out more about it and decided to get him involved, and he then started breaking all the swimming records for his age group.
After become a leading member of his local King's Lynn club's team, he made his international debut at the Swimming World Championships in Malta in 1994.
"I was," he recalls, "a rank outsider. I knocked four seconds off my personal best and won the world 100m butterfly title at the first attempt." But he was, he says, "never a naturally gifted swimmer. I don't have the build. I just worked very hard: 10 or 11 two-hour sessions in the pool each week, and weights and core strength work – 30 hours-plus a week." 
He later became a top athlete, and represented Great Britain three times in swimming at the Paralympic Games from 1996 to 2004, winning three gold and two bronze medals.
After a 2004 Athens Paralympic Games that landed him a "not great" bronze, Cundy joined the high-performance swimming centre at Swansea.
In 2006, he switched from swimming to cycling, competing at international events in the C4 disability category. Winning gold in the kilo in his debut at the 2006 world championships, he repeated this feat in 2007 and 2009 also taking the team sprint title at both events.
Representing Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, Cundy broke the world record on the way to winning the gold in the 1km Time Trial with a time of 1 minute 5.466 seconds. This made him one of only a handful of athletes that have become Paralympic champion in two different sports.
Cundy was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.
He was selected for the Great Britain team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He was expected to win gold in the C4/5 Men's 1 km time trial, but slipped shortly after starting, ostensibly due to the starting gate not working properly, gripping his wheel for too long. The technical delegate of the International Cycling Union, Louis Barbeau, disagreed, refusing him a restart. Cundy then erupted into a rage, swearing and throwing water bottles. He later apologised to the crowd, though made clear that he still disagreed with the decision.
He won bronze in the C4/5 men's 4 km pursuit, racing Diego Gomez of Colombia. In the first kilometre of the race, he clocked a time of 1:05.317 in the heats, which would have won the 1 km time trial. 
He is the fastest solo Paralympian of all time, completing the flying 200m in a time of 10.805 seconds (66.635 km/h).
On 12 October 2012, Paralympian Jody Cundy MBE was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Anglia Ruskin University with a ceremony at the Cambridge Corn Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19200185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200185" title="Toots &amp; Grooves">
Toots &amp; Grooves

Toots & Grooves was a New Zealand ska music festival at Tatum Park, Horowhenua, starting on January 25, 2008 and lasting for 2 days. Over 35 bands played in the festival, including Battleska Galactica, The Managers, The WBC, The Offbeats, The Bones and Ska Child. This festival was planned to have been repeated in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19200197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200197" title="Lovely Mary">
Lovely Mary

Lovely Mary is a 1916 silent drama film directed by Edgar Jones.
Plot.
Mary and her cousin Clairborne are the last descendants of the Lane family who announce they are selling their land. Two land scouts come over to buy their property. One of them, Roland Manning, falls in love with Mary. The other, Wade Dempster, tries to get his hand on their home by getting Clairborne drunk. One of the townsfolk finds out of Dempster's way of buying the land and tries to stop it. Dempster defends himself by shooting him and next blames Manning for the murder. It doesn't take long before Manning is found guilty and receives a life prison sentence. 
Mary tries to set him free and turns to the law to help him. Mary's former sweetheart Oscar witnessed the murder and finally admits Dempster shot him. Roland is set free and marries Mary. They keep the land, start a family and live happily ever after.

</doc>
<doc id="19200204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200204" title="67th Guards Rifle Division">
67th Guards Rifle Division

The 67th Витебская Guards Rifle Division was an infantry division of the Red Army in the Second World War
It was converted from the 304th Rifle Division on 21.01.1943.
Became the 115th Guards Motor Rifle Division during the Cold War, at Valdai/Валдай (Ивантеево) in the Leningrad Military District. 

</doc>
<doc id="19200216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200216" title="The Nurse (1912 film)">
The Nurse (1912 film)

The Nurse is a 1912 American dramatic short film starring Mary Miles Minter. It is approximately 11 minutes long.

</doc>
<doc id="19200224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200224" title="El Rostro de Analía">
El Rostro de Analía

El Rostro de Analía (; ) is a Spanish-language telenovela produced by the American-based television network Telemundo. It stars Elizabeth Gutiérrez, Martin Karpan, Maritza Rodríguez and Gabriel Porras, with the special appearance of Gaby Espino. Written by Venezuelan writer Humberto "Kiko" Olivieri, the story is loosely based on María, María which starred Alba Roversi and Mexican soap star Arturo Peniche in Venezuela, and was also written by Olivieri. The novela is directed by David Posada and Danny Gaviria; with Jairo Arcila as General Producer and Aurelio Valcarcel Carrol as Executive Producer. Although the novela was set in Los Angeles, Telemundo filmed the serial in Miami, Fl. Through not so careful editing it was made to appear as Los Angeles. The network debuted it on October 20, 2008 at the 9 pm (8 pm central) timeslot. Telemundo added English subtitles as closed captions on CC3 starting in March.
RTV Pink started to air this telenovela on January 5, 2009 in Serbia. TVN started to air the telenovela on January 19, 2009 at the 8 pm timeslot. It debuted with the highest rating of a 2009 show in Panama. BTV started to air this telenovela on February 2, 2009 in Bulgaria. On February 25, 2009 it also debuted at 8pm on Canal 7 in Guatemala.
From 31 August 2009, TV Puls plans to issue El Rostro de Analía on their TV channel in Poland at 15:30. In Albania, Top Channel airs the telenovela from Monday to Friday at 18:30. The show is airing on TV Doma in Slovakia from January 4, 2010 from Monday to Thursday at 20.50 as Pravá tvár vášne (The true face of passion), in Romania from April 12, 2010 from Monday to Thursday at 21.30 as Cealalta fata an Analiei (The other face of Analía);from August 9 will be aired from Monday to Friday at 21.30. From 17 February 2010 RTL Croatia airs this telenovela from Monday to Friday at 14:00 as Drugo lice (Other face).
Elizabeth Gutiérrez plays both Mariana and Analía, being the main protagonist. The male lead is portrayed by Martin Karpan, while the main antagonists include Maritza Rodríguez, Gabriel Porras and Zully Montero. Other major characters are brought to life by Karla Monroig, Daniel Lugo, Ximena Duque, Pedro Moreno and Alejandro Chaban.
Plot.
Mariana Montiel is a young and beautiful executive at the head of ANGEL'S, the executive airline founded by her father. She has been skilled and very shrewd in business but in love she is completely different, since she failed to protect one thing that she loves most: her own marriage. Since she met and fell in love with the good-looking and brilliant architect Daniel Montiel with whom she had a passionate affair that resulted beautiful Adriana, a baby who was a reason of two of them getting married. Marriage in its first phase was happy, Mariana gave all trust to her husband, helping company growth, but Daniel took the rise of his career to continue his single life quoted. Sara, Mariana's beautiful and sexy cousin, who was always jealous for living in Mariana's shadow, took advantage of Daniel's opportunity, becoming his mistress. Sara's life goal would be taking Mariana's company position in Angel's. Behind her sophisticated appearance hides an unscrupulous woman, who just wants to get money and power, so she becomes entangled in the affairs of the drug mafia and Ricky Montana, who seeks to use the image of the Airline to launder money. As Sara's ambition has no limits, she plans to kill her with help of her accomplice Ricky Montana. Montana, as a way to test the loyalty of his lover Analía, who is in fact an undercover agent, orders her to kill Mariana. Analía accepts, but she has no intention to really kill her. Her life goal is to trap Montana, and puts him on electric chair, so she could revenge him for murdering the love of her life. That day, Mariana discovers her husband's infidelity and in a fit of madness and pain, she leaves her anniversary party. Analía gets into her car with the gun to allegedly kill her, but Mariana's car, which was broken, rolls of a cliff. Dr. Armando Rivera and his assistant sees a woman with burned skin and they run to help her. Dr. Armando finds a picture of Analía and decides to rebuild her face, using an experimental procedure of cloning, not knowing that the girl is actually Mariana. Everyone believes that Mariana no longer exists, and her husband and family are destroyed by that fact. Montana trusts Analía again, but he is devastated by the fact that she is not appearing. Armando finds out that Analía was a drug trafficker, stripper and that she was accused for murder, not knowing that she was actually undercover agent, so he decides not to tell her her real identity, because he doesn't know that the girl is Mariana. He calls her Ana, and he doesn't allow her to leave the house. One day she escapes and saves drowning child on the beach confronting her daughter and husband again, but Mariana in the body of Analía doesn't remember them. They fall in love again. Mariana Montiel returns home as her own daughter's nanny, but the criminal history of the true "Analía" will not allow her to be happy. She must live loading with life and crimes of the woman who gave her face − The Face of Analía.

</doc>
<doc id="19200225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200225" title="Steve Spooner">
Steve Spooner

Stephen Alan Spooner (born 25 January 1961) is an English footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Spooner began his career with Derby County but got his breakthrough with Halifax Town, where in the 1982-83 season he was a key player in midfield in Halifax's highest League finish of the decade (11th). He then moved to Chesterfield where he won promotion in 1985, and then on to Hereford United, York City, Rotherham United, Mansfield Town and Blackpool before finishing his League career at Chesterfield. He later went into non-League football and has since worked as a coach in numerous roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19200227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200227" title="List of accidents and incidents involving military aircraft (1975–79)">
List of accidents and incidents involving military aircraft (1975–79)

This is a list of notable accidents and incidents involving military aircraft grouped by the year in which the accident or incident occurred. Not all of the aircraft were in operation at the time. For more exhaustive lists, see the Aircraft Crash Record Office or the Air Safety Network or the Dutch Scramble Website Brush and Dustpan Database. Combat losses are not included except for a very few cases denoted by singular circumstances.
Aircraft terminology.
Information on aircraft gives the type, and if available, the serial number of the operator in italics, the constructors number, also known as the manufacturer's serial number (c/n), exterior codes in apostrophes, nicknames (if any) in quotation marks, flight callsign in italics, and operating units.

</doc>
<doc id="19200229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200229" title="Battista Malatesta">
Battista Malatesta

Battista Malatesta (c. 1384 – 1448), also known as Battista di Montefeltro forename also called Baptista, was an Italian Renaissance poet. 
Life.
Baptista Malatesta was the daughter of Antonio II da Montefeltro, Count of Urbino, and the granddaughter of Federico II da Montefeltro. On 14 June 1405 she married Galeazzo Malatesta, the heir to the lordship of Pesaro. Galeazzo came to power in 1429 but was so hated as a ruler that, after two years of power in 1431, he was driven from his city. His wife thereupon found a refuge in her old home at Urbino. She lived for some twenty years a widowed and secluded life. She died, as a Sister of the Franciscan Order of Santa Chiara, in 1448. 
"De studiis et litteris".
She was a learned woman of the aristocracy who was educated in philosophy and languages, and was a poet and orator. She corresponded with other scholars of her time such as Leonardo Bruni. Bruni's letter to Baptista Malatesta of Montefeltro, entitled "De studiis et litteris", was written in the early 15th century (1424, to be precise). In it Bruni describes a course of study suitable for women, illustrating the belief, early on held by humanists, that classical studies are "worthy to be pursued by men and women alike." "De studiis et litteris" is the earliest known example of a humanist inter-gender dialogue about women's education. 
The Emperor Sigismund when passing through Urbino in 1433 was greeted by her in a Latin oration, which half a century later was still thought worthy of print.

</doc>
<doc id="19200231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200231" title="Lukas Aurednik">
Lukas Aurednik

Lukas "Harry" Aurednik (20 February 1918 – 2 June 1997) was an Austrian footballer and football manager. 
He coached AEK Athens F.C., Pierikos F.C., 1. Wiener Neustädter SC.

</doc>
<doc id="19200232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200232" title="Eric Fernando Botteghin">
Eric Fernando Botteghin

Eric Fernando Botteghin (born 31 August 1987) is a Brazilian professional footballer who currently plays for FC Groningen in the Dutch Eredivisie. Botteghin plays as a central defender.
Career.
He moved in January 2007 from Grêmio Barueri Futebol to FC Zwolle in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19200269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200269" title="1967 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia">
1967 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia

The 1967 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia was a series of matches played in May 1967 in Australia by Ireland national rugby union team.
It was an historical tour because Irish obtain is first victory on Australian soil in a Test match.

</doc>
<doc id="19200322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200322" title="Ullathai Allitha">
Ullathai Allitha

Ullathai Allitha is 1996 Tamil comedy film directed by Sundar C. The film starred Karthik, Goundamani and Rambha in the lead roles. Which is a remake of hindi Movie Andaz Apna Apna. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Sirpi. The film was a super hit at the box office. The film released on January 15, 1996 and received positive reviews from the critics and audience. The film is now considered to be one of the best comedy movies made in Tamil cinema.
The film remade in Telugu as "Veedevadandi Babu" with Mohanbabu, in Kannada as "Galate Aliyandru" with Shivrajkumar and in Malay version as Cinta U-Turn in 2008.
Plot.
Raja (Karthik) feels stifled under his strict father Col.Chandrasekhar (Jaiganesh) and when his father picks a girl he doesn't like for him to marry, it is the last straw and he runs away to Ooty. There he teams up with Vasu (Koundamani) and they come up with an ill-advised plan to kidnap Indu (Rambha), the daughter of Vishwanathan (Manivannan). Vishwanathan is in fact Col. Chandrasekhar's friend and it is Indu that Raja was supposed to marry. But Vishwanathan now mistakes Vasu to be his friend's son and takes him under his wing while Raja is hired to be his driver.
Most of the scenes of this movie's screenplay are copied from old Tamil movie Sabaash Meena(1958), starring Sivaji Ganesan, Chandrababu, Saroja Devi and also subplots of Manivannan was copied from "Andaz Apna Apna".
Production.
During the making of the film, there was a misunderstanding and subsequent falling out between the lead actress Rambha and the producer of the film.
Soundtrack.
The music was Composed by Sirpy and lyrics written by Pazhani Bharathi.

</doc>
<doc id="19200326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200326" title="Faith (film)">
Faith (film)

Faith (also known as The Virtuous Outcast) was a 1916 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood. The film survives and is preserved at George Eastman House, Rochester.
Plot.
Faith is an orphan who befriends Mark Strong, an alcoholic lawyer. While Mark is trying to get sober again, Faith is falsely accused for theft and is arrested. Mark immediately comes to the rescue.
Reception.
"The New York Times" noticed that producers of the film were attempting to make leading actress Minter famous with this picture, but gave all credit to Banks, stating he "walked away with this film".

</doc>
<doc id="19200345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200345" title="Panienka z poste restante">
Panienka z poste restante

Panienka z poste restante is a 1935 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Jan Nowina-Przybylski and Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19200346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200346" title="Henri Hiltl">
Henri Hiltl

Henri Hiltl (born Heinrich Hiltl) (8 October 1910-25 November 1982) was an Austrian, naturalized French footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19200371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200371" title="Granny Had No Worries">
Granny Had No Worries

Granny Had No Worries or Nie miała baba kłopotu is a 1935 Polish comedy film directed by Aleksander Ford and Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19200383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200383" title="Sacred Heart Girls' College, Hamilton">
Sacred Heart Girls' College, Hamilton

Sacred Heart Girls College is a state integrated Catholic Girls' secondary school in Hamilton, New Zealand. The school was established by the Sisters of Our Lady of the Missions in 1884. The school crest features the monogram SH and the symbol †, with the motto "Age Quod Agis" across the bottom, translating loosely into "What ever you do, do to the best of your ability".
Sacred Heart Girls' College has a strong relationship with its brother Catholic school, St John's College, with whom it holds a yearly ball and social/discos, a St John's College and Sacred Heart Girls College Combined Concert Band, and bi-annual musical play/production, along with numerous other activities.
History.
In 1884, Sacred Heart Girls College was opened as a Catholic Secondary School by the Sisters of Our Lady of the Missions to provide an education for Catholic women in the Waikato. Originally small in size, the campus has now extended both buildings and land. New netball and tennis courts were added and currently construction for an Arts Block and library is taking place. It is a very successful school with more than 900 students.
Special character and academic achievement are very much alive and celebrated within the college.
There is a strong tradition of excellence in both sport and academics.
Uniform.
Year 9 to 12.
The uniform for students from Year 9 to 12 consists of a fitted white blouse with SHGC (the school initials), stitched on the top left collar. The skirt simulates a black and red kilt.
Students are required to wear black roman sandals in summer, and black leather lace-up shoes (with black stockings) in winter.
In winter, students have the option to wear the maroon school jersey with the logo and school motto ("Age Quod Agis").
It is compulsory for all students to wear the maroon blazer with the school motto and logo.
Year 13.
Students in Year 13 wear a similar uniform. Instead of the grey/black and red skirt worn by years 9 to 12, a plain black skirt is worn. These senior students of the school wear a tie with the school logo.
Houses.
The College has six houses named after famous women in the Catholic faith.
Students compete in their houses to earn points towards the House cup. Athletics Day and Swimming Sports, commonly held in the first term, are an opportunity to earn points for placing in competitive races and participating in non-competitive and novelty events. Later in the school year, more points can be earnt during Spirit Week. Students wear ties and hair ribbons in their house colour and can take part in various house activities such as the House Quiz, chalk drawings, tug-of-war and cross-country.
Sacred Heart Day concludes Spirit Week and is an example of evident special character and school pride.
For each house there are two deputy leaders and one house leader.
Aubert.
(Orange) - Suzanne Aubert, foundress of Daughters of Our Lady of Compassion
Avila.
(Purple) - St Teresa of Avila
Barbier.
(Yellow) -Euphrasie Barbier, foundress of the Sisters of Our Lady of the Missions
Mackillop.
(Green) - St Mary Mackillop
Lisieux.
(Blue) - St Theresa of Lisieux
Siena.
(Pink) - St Catherine of Siena
Sports.
Sacred Heart Girls College has a long sporting tradition and is committed to offering all students opportunities to participate in a range of individual and team sports, at both a competitive and non-competitive level. 
The physical education facilities consist of a fitness centre, a squash court, a gymnasium, turfed tennis and netball courts, and use of Steele Park.
School Sports days (Athletics and Swimming) are held outside of the school campus at facilities such as Porritt Stadium and Te Rapa Waterworld.
Major sports are practised outside class times, with games being played after school and in the weekends. Students have been selected as Waikato representatives in most sports, and many have gone on to win national and international honours.
An incomplete list of sports currently available include: aerobics, athletics, badminton, basketball, cricket, cycling, duathlon, equestrian, fitness centre, golf, gymnastics, hockey, kickboxing, netball, rowing, rugby, soccer, softball, squash, talent squad, tennis, touch rugby, triathlon, volleyball, waka ama and waterpolo.
Enrollment.
Enrollment at Sacred Heart Girls' College consists of an academic examination (entrance exam) followed by an interview. 
Students have a higher chance of entrance if:

</doc>
<doc id="19200405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200405" title="Bolek i Lolek (film)">
Bolek i Lolek (film)

Bolek i Lolek is a 1936 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19200407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200407" title="David Frazee">
David Frazee

David Frazee is a Canadian cinematographer and television director. He has earned numerous Gemini Award nominations. His work includes cinematography for "Intelligence", "Da Vinci's Inquest" and "Da Vinci's City Hall". He has recently directed some episodes for "Flashpoint" and he is the Series Consultant for it.

</doc>
<doc id="19200425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200425" title="Będzie lepiej">
Będzie lepiej

Będzie lepiej is a 1936 Polish comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19200430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200430" title="Ivor Morgan">
Ivor Morgan

Ivor Morgan (15 August 1884 - 10 December 1943) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Swansea and county rugby for Glamorgan.
Club career.
Morgan joined Swansea in 1905, but found it difficult to break into the side as his favourite position of wing-forward was taken by Swansea stalwarts Scrine and Hayward. Fortunately for Morgan, he was an all-round forward and gained positional play off the wing. Playing alongside one of rugby's true innovators, Dicky Owen, Morgan adapted a new style of wing play. Normally Owen would play in partnership with Dick Jones, but during this period Jones was suffering a long term injury and Morgan developed a natural understanding of Owen's play, and through this became a prolific try scorer. In 1905, Morgan was chosen to play in the Newport team against the touring New Zealand All Blacks. The game that made Morgan as an international player was his club performance in 1908, when he was at the centre of excellent play against the Australians, in which Swansea won 6-0. In the 1908/09 season, Morgan scored 18 tries for Swansea, this record would last for 77 years.
International career.
In 1908, Morgan was chosen to play for Wales against a touring Australian team. Morgan was an unpopular choice, but Cardiff's Billy Neill had switched to the professional league game and left a position to fill. In a tough game, Wales won 9-6 in which Morgan played well. He was selected for the next year's Home Nations Championship, and in a team that contained not only Owen, but also Jack Bancroft and Billy Trew, Wales beat England 8-0. In the next year's tournament, Morgan played all three games, including the newly introduced French team, against whom Morgan scored two tries. Morgan would play 13 matches in total for Wales, scoring a total of six tries, and lifting the Triple Crown in 1911. Due to strategic formation changes by the Welsh selectors, Morgan was dropped in 1912 and was sorely missed in the game against England when Wales were beaten fairly easily.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19200449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200449" title="Ken Lack">
Ken Lack

Ken Lack (born Blondel Keith Calnek, 1934, died June 6, 2001, Miami) was a Jamaican ska, rocksteady and reggae record producer active in the latter half of the 1960s, who also ran the Caltone and JonTom record labels.
Career.
Lack was for a short time the road manager for The Skatalites, working alongside P.J. Patterson, and began releasing records in the mid 1960s including one of the last tunes recorded by the Skatalites, "Outer Space", and others by Ken Boothe, The Clarendonians, The Tartans, The Heptones, The Pioneers, The Slickers, Roy Shirley & Slim Smith.as well as several instrumental singles featuring bands led by Tommy McCook or Lynn Taitt, and featuring soloists such as Johnny "Dizzy" Moore and Vin Gordon. Lack's JonTom record label was named after Johnny Moore and Tommy McCook.
Bunny Lee worked for Lack in the early days of Caltone, and Lee's first production, "Listen to The Beat" by Lloyd Jackson and The Groovers was released on Lack's Caltone label in 1967. Max Romeo also got his big break working for Lack as a record plugger, with Lack setting up an audition for Romeo's group The Emotions after overhearing him singing while at work, and going on to release a string of hit singles by the group.
Lack was the first producer to work with some of Jamaica's major stars including Hortense Ellis ("I Shall Sing" and "Brown Girl In The Ring"), The Heptones (releasing their first two singles, "School Girls" and "Gunmen Coming to Town", the latter taking its melody from Rossini's "William Tell Overture"), and The Uniques with their debut single "The Journey".
Lack's career as a producer ended when he emigrated to the United States in the late 1960s.
He died on June 6, 2001 after a long illness related to heart problems.

</doc>
<doc id="19200455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200455" title="Kobiety nad przepaścią">
Kobiety nad przepaścią

Kobiety nad przepaścią is a 1938 Polish drama film directed by Emil Chaberski and Michał Waszyński.

</doc>
<doc id="19200494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200494" title="A Dream or Two Ago">
A Dream or Two Ago

A Dream or Two Ago is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood. The film was one of the few films of Mary Miles Minter which survived. The film was restored in 2004 and was shown along with "Innocence of Lizette" (1916) at a Dutch film festival.
Plot.
Millicent Hawthorne is the six-year-old daughter of a wealthy family. When a jewel thief robs the family, he kidnaps and raises Millicent to be a thief. Her parents try to forget about her loss by supporting people who need help, while Millicent gets amnesia after a fall on her head. When a friend of her parents notices her, he immediately informs them. A chase to reunite with the daughter follows.

</doc>
<doc id="19200497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200497" title="6 Years of Boney M. Hits">
6 Years of Boney M. Hits

"6 Years of Boney M. Hits (Boney M. on 45)" is a greatest hits medley by Boney M., inspired by the success of the hit medleys by Stars on 45. Originally released on the B-side of the band's 1981 Christmas single "Little Drummer Boy", the single was flipped over in January 1982 with the medley as an A-side. While failing to chart in Germany, the medley reached #6 in the Spanish charts and was also an A-side release in France and Japan. The 12" version featured a faded version on the German pressing and an unfaded version on the French pressing, while the UK version (included on the B-side of their UK top 40 hit "We Kill the World") was extended with their Christmas chart-topper "Mary's Boy Child - Oh My Lord".
Track listing.
"+ indicates inclusion in 12" version only"
Releases.
7" Singles
12" Singles

</doc>
<doc id="19200538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200538" title="N. D. Smart">
N. D. Smart

Norman D. Smart is an American drummer.
He replaced Chip Damiani in The Remains in 1966, shortly before their split.
N. D. was a member of Kangaroo who released one album on MGM Records in 1968. Other members included John Hall - who went on to Orleans, Barbara Keith and Ted Spelies.
He then joined Mountain in 1969 and played on their first gigs, before being replaced by Corky Laing in 1970.
In 1969 he became a member of Ian and Sylvia's country-rock group called Great Speckled Bird. Their first album was produced by Todd Rundgren, whom N.D. would work with throughout the 1970s.
N.D., Jim Colegrove and Jeff Gutcheon formed the group Hungry Chuck in 1971.
In 1973 N.D. played and completed one tour with The Fallen Angels, Gram Parsons' group.

</doc>
<doc id="19200573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200573" title="Gigant">
Gigant

Gigant is the word for giant in a number of languages. It is derived from the Greek mythological giants, the "gigantes" ().
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19200580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200580" title="Iran–Switzerland relations">
Iran–Switzerland relations

Iranian-Swiss relations are foreign relations between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Swiss Confederation. 
Switzerland has had a consulate in Tehran since 1919 which was raised to the status of embassy in 1936 and also represents the interests of some countries including United States and South Africa in the Iranian capital Tehran.
History.
The Shah's education at the Swiss Institute "Le Rosey".
As a child, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the Shah of Iran attended Institut Le Rosey, a Swiss boarding school, completing his studies there in 1935.
1979 Revolution.
Switzerland becomes the "protecting power" of the United States in Iran after the Iranian Revolution of 1979.
Iran-Iraq war.
Beginning in 1984, victims of the Iran-Iraq War received medical treatment in Switzerland, while Swiss companies were doing multi-billion dollar business with Iraq at the same time. After the severe earthquakes of 1997 and 2003, Switzerland helped to rebuild the infrastructure. Cooperation on the national level to prevent natural catastrophes was initiated in 2006.
Murder of Kazem Rajavi.
Ali Fallahian, an Iranian politician and cleric who served as a member of the 3rd Assembly of Experts of the IRI and as the Minister of Intelligence of Islamic Republic of Iran in cabinet of President Hashemi Rafsanjani was charged by a Swiss court with masterminding the assassination of Kazem Rajavi, a brother of Mujahedin-e Khalq leader Massoud Rajavi, near Geneva in broad daylight by several agents on April 24, 1990.
Crypto AG and espionage case.
In 1992, Hans Buehler an employee of Swiss firm Crypto AG was detained in Iran on charges of espionage. He was later released by the Iranian authorities after the firm paid a 1 million dollar bond. Soon after Buehler's release Crypto AG dismissed him and charged him the $1m. Swiss media and the German magazine "Der Spiegel" took up his case in 1994, pursuing the question of whether Crypto's machines had in fact been rigged by Western intelligence (namely the NSA).
Friedrich Tinner, the Iranian nuclear program and the CIA.
Friedrich Tinner is a Swiss engineer, connected with the Khan network trafficking in the proliferation of nuclear materials and know-how to Pakistan, Iran, Libya, and North Korea. He has been connected in particular with gas centrifuges used for isotopic enrichment of uranium. In May 2008, the President of the Swiss Confederation, Pascal Couchepin announced that the Tinner files, believed to number around 30,000 documents, had been shredded. It is alleged that this was a cover-up, to hide the involvement of Urs Tinner with the CIA.
Swiss diplomat arrested on sexual charges.
In February 2009, the Iranian police arrested Marcos Kaemph, the Swiss diplomat acting as the First Secretary of the US Interests, on sex charges.
Human rights dialogue and the 2009 Swiss vote on minarets.
The two countries have been engaged in a human rights dialogue since 2003 and in discussions on migration since 2005. Following a constitutional amendment banning the construction of new minarets in Switzerland in 2009, Iran described the Swiss vote as "Islamophobic" and a blow to religious freedom.
Security incidences at the Iranian embassy in Bern.
In November 2011, Swiss police investigated two minor attacks on the Iranian Embassy in Bern.
Trade.
Trade agreements.
There are agreements between the two countries on air traffic (1954, 1972 and 2004), road and rail transport (1977), export risk guarantees (1966), protection of investments (1998) and double taxation (2002). Iran is one of Switzerland's most important trading partners in the Middle East. A trade agreement was signed in 2005 but has not yet been ratified. In 2010, the volume of trade with Iran was about 741 million Swiss francs; Switzerland exported goods for about 700 million francs, and it has imported goods to 41 million Swiss francs. The main goods exported by Switzerland are pharmaceutical products, machinery and agricultural products. Switzerland exports to Iran totaled nearly USD 1.9 billion in the ten-month period ending on January 31, 2014.
2007 gas contract.
In the year 2007, Iran and Switzerland signed a major 25-year gas contract to export over 5 billion cubic meters of gas per year from the Persian Gulf reportedly valued at 18 billion euros. Starting with 1.5 billion cubic meters per year in 2010, to be increased to 4 bcm by 2012. This contract has been signed between the Switzerland's company of Elektrizitätsgesellschaft Laufenburg (EGL) and the National Iranian Gas Export Company which will be started practically at the beginning of 2009. There is some skepticism that Iran will not be able to supply gas to Switzerland for the foreseeable future because no pipeline connects Iran to Europe at present. In February 2010, Iran announced it is ready for gas export to Switzerland.
The deal was aimed at reducing Bern's dependency on Russian gas. In October 2010, EGL announced the unilateral suspension of the gas contract with Iran.
International sanctions.
Switzerland and Iran have greatly reduced their bilateral economic cooperation since the UN Security Council took up Iran’s nuclear enrichment program in 2005. The Swiss government has been cooperating with the U.S. to freeze banking accounts and other financial assets belonging to individuals involved in the Iranian nuclear program; Switzerland has also committed to block the sale of dual-use items. Vitol and Glencore, 2 Swiss-based firms, were also major re-sellers of gasoline to Iran until recently but have since stopped trading with the country. In January and December 2011, Switzerland expanded its unilateral sanctions against Iran. The Swiss Federal Council said in a statement on January 2014 that it had suspended part of its economic sanctions against Iran in accordance with the Geneva nuclear accords between Tehran and the six world powers but the trade barriers are still officially in place. Based on a statement by Swiss President Didier Burkhalter at the 9th World Economic Forum, it will be a step by step process and the official removal of all trade sanctions will depend on the final agreement about Iran's nuclear program.

</doc>
<doc id="19200585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200585" title="Muhammad Muzammil Basyuni">
Muhammad Muzammil Basyuni

Muhammad Muzammil Basyuni (born October 7, 1947 in Rembang Central Java) is an Indonesian diplomat. Muzammil served as the Indonesian Ambassador to Syria. He was nominated for the position by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and sworn in on October 18, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19200588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200588" title="Stridsvagn L-60">
Stridsvagn L-60

Stridsvagn L-60 (Strv L-60), also known as Landsverk L-60, was a Swedish tank developed in 1934. It was developed by AB Landsverk as a light tank which included several design features later adopted by Germany and Russia in their tank designs.
The L-60 was progressively improved and four variants were created: L-60A, L-60B, L-60C (37mm gun), L-60D (new turret and 37mm gun and twin machine guns). The L-60 eventually evolved into the Stridsvagn m/38 and subsequent Stridsvagn m/39 and Stridsvagn m/40 and was adopted by the Swedish army as such.
Foreign service.
Hungarian Service.
The L-60 was built under license by the Hungarian Weiss Company for the Hungarian army. It was adopted by the Hungarian army as the Toldi.
Irish Service.
The first Irish Landsverk L60 was delivered in 1935 and joined Ireland's only other tank a Vickers Mk. D in the 2nd Armoured Squadron. The second Landsverk L60 arrived in 1936. The Landsverk's were still in use up until the late 1960s. One L60 is preserved in running order and the other is in the National Museum of Ireland, Collins Barracks, Dublin.
Dominican service.
Twenty were sold to the Dominican Republic army in 1956, having been refurbished and designated L/60L. In the Dominican Civil War in April 1965, these tanks saw use against invading American forces during “Operation Power Pack”. Three of the Dominican L/60Ls were destroyed: one by a US Army M40 recoilless rifle team of the 82nd Airborne Division, and the other two respectively by a M50 Ontos and a M48 Patton of a US Marine Corps armor detachment of the 6th MEU. This 29 April 1965 battle was one of the very few tank-vs-tank battles to ever happen in the Western Hemisphere. After “Power Pack” ended, the United States assisted the Dominican Republic in rebuilding its army and twelve of the original twenty L/60Ls were again refurbished and restored to service. These dozen continued in frontline use until 2002. Today one is preserved in excellent, drivable condition as a historical icon by the Dominican Republic army.

</doc>
<doc id="19200615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200615" title="Monique (pornographic actress)">
Monique (pornographic actress)

Monique is an African-American pornographic actress. She has performed in over 300 movies, and she has directed the "Monique's Sexaholics" series. In 2002, Monique appeared in "", which was the 2004 AVN Award winner for "Top Selling Release of the Year".

</doc>
<doc id="19200628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200628" title="Swedish field artillery (early 18th century)">
Swedish field artillery (early 18th century)

A Swedish foot (infantry) regiment during the 17th and 18th century was split into two battalions at the inception of a battle and light field artillery was usually put in the gaps that appeared between those battalions. This sort of artillery was categorized as regimental artillery. 
Organization.
The Swedish field artillery consisted of 48 artillery pieces of caliber three to six pounds. The caliber was determined by the weight of the projectile rather than on the diameter of the pipe. There were 18 large 48 pounds pieces as well, but those were not used as regimental field artillery, but for more strategic purposes.
Firing power.
The artillery during early 18th century was developed further by Carl Cronstedt. He combined the powder and projectile into one single thin wooden cartridge called "geschwinda" shots (fast shots) and thereby succeeding in increasing the firing power to 10-12 rounds per minute. In addition, he increased the explosive power of the projectile itself. The range of the 6 pounders was 600-700 meters and the 3 pounders 225 meters.
Precision.
Screws and aiming devices, invented by Christopher Polhem, were introduced and used to aim and adjust the elevation of the pipe.
Mobility.
To drag the pieces, personnel from a musketeer division were temporarily assigned to carry the piece by sticking a pole (marching poles) through the cannon. The crew joined in by rolling the tires forward. Alternatively and/or in addition, a number of two horses (action horses) were used to pull the piece forward. Those horses were used as close as 70 meters from enemy lines. At closer ranges, only manpower was used to move it forward. In this manner the piece could advance at the rate of 1/2 or less of the foot regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="19200639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200639" title="Crime in Qatar">
Crime in Qatar

Crime in Qatar is relatively low compared to industrialized nations. Petty crime such as pickpocketing and bag snatching does occur, but is extremely uncommon. Although incidents of violence are generally considered to be rare, violence has occurred more frequently due to increase in the population of Doha, the capital and largest city of Qatar, and economic pressures on expatriate workers during the last few years.
Qatar is a destination country for men and women from South and Southeast Asia who migrate willingly, but are subsequently forced into involuntary servitude as domestic workers and laborers, and, to a lesser extent, commercial sexual exploitation. The most common offense was forcing workers to accept worse contract terms than those under which they were recruited. Other conditions include bonded labor, withholding of pay, restrictions on movement, arbitrary detention, and physical, mental, and sexual abuse. Qatar is in Tier 3 rank; it failed to enforce criminal laws against traffickers, or to provide an effective mechanism to identify and protect victims. The nation detain and deport victims rather than providing them protection. The Government of Qatar made little progress to increase prosecutions for trafficking effectively in 2007.
Threat of terrorist attack is a matter of concern. Al-Qaeda has threatened Western citizens in the region. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) of the Government of Australia advised travelers "to exercise a high degree of caution in Qatar" due to high threat of terrorism. The DFAT claimed they received reports of terrorist plans to attack a range of targets in the nation. A suicide car bombing at the Doha Players theater on March 19, 2005, which was the first attack of its kind in the nation, killed a British citizen and injured twelve other people. The bomber was an Egyptian named Omar Ahmed Abdullah Ali. On March 17, 2005, Saleh al-Oufi, Saudi head of al-Qaeda, urged to attack what he called "crusader" enemies in Qatar and in other countries like Bahrain, Oman and the United Arab Emirates.
In the Corruption Perceptions Index 2007, Qatar was ranked 32nd out of 179 countries for corruption (least corrupt countries are at the top of the list). On a scale of 0 to 10, with 0 being the most corrupt and 10 the most transparent, Transparency International rated Qatar 6.0.
According to Interpol data, criminal homicide rate in Qatar increased from 1.52 to 2.11 per 100,000 population between 1995 and 1999. It was an increase of 38.8%. The rate for rape decreased by 67.1%, but the rate of robbery increased by 100%. While the rate of robbery was 0.67 per 100,000 population in 1995, it increased to 1.34 per 100,000 population in 1999. Similarly the rate of aggravated assault, larceny and motor vehicle theft increased by 75.1%, 73.1% and 13.5% respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19200651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200651" title="Baer–Specker group">
Baer–Specker group

In mathematics, in the field of group theory, the Baer–Specker group, or Specker group, named after Reinhold Baer and Ernst Specker, is an example of an infinite Abelian group which is a building block in the structure theory of such groups.
Definition.
The Baer–Specker group is the group "B" = ZN of all integer sequences with componentwise addition, that is, the direct product of countably many copies of Z. "n" be the sequence with "n"-th term equal to 1 and all other terms 0.-->
Properties.
Reinhold Baer proved in 1937 that this group is "not" free abelian; Specker proved in 1950 that every countable subgroup of "B" is free abelian.
The group of homomorphisms from the Baer–Specker group to a free abelian group of finite rank is a free abelian group of countable rank. This provides another proof that the group is not free.

</doc>
<doc id="19200656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200656" title="William Reynolds (theologian)">
William Reynolds (theologian)

William Reynolds (also Rainolds, Raynolds, Latin Reginaldus) (born at Pinhorn near Exeter, about 1544; died at Antwerp, 24 August 1594) was an English Roman Catholic theologian and Biblical scholar.
Life.
Educated at Winchester School, he became fellow of New College, Oxford (1560–1572). He was converted to Catholicism partly by the controversy between John Jewel and Thomas Harding, and partly by the personal influence of William Allen. 
In 1575 he made a public recantation in Rome, and two years later went to Douai to study for the priesthood. He removed with the other collegians from Douai to Reims in 1578 and was ordained priest at Châlons in April, 1580. He then remained at the college, lecturing on Scripture and Hebrew, and helping Gregory Martin in translating the "Reims Testament". 
Some years before his death he had left the college to become chaplain to the Beguines at Antwerp.
Works.
He translated several of the writings of Allen and Harding into Latin and wrote a "Refutation" of William Whitaker's attack on the Reims version (Paris, 1583); "De justa reipublicæ christianæ in reges impios et hæreticos authoritate" (Paris, 1590), under the name of Rossæus; a treatise on the Blessed Sacrament (Antwerp, 1593); "Calvino-Turcismus" (Antwerp, 1597).
Family.
He was the second son of Richard Rainolds, and elder brother of John Rainolds, one of the chief Anglican scholars engaged on the King James Bible.

</doc>
<doc id="19200657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200657" title="Karl Spiehs">
Karl Spiehs

Karl Spiehs (born 20 February 1931) is an Austrian film producer. He has produced nearly 90 films since 1961. He was born in Blindendorf, Perg District, Austria
Edit Places
Blindendorf, Oberosterreich, Austria, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19200668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200668" title="English Dogs">
English Dogs

English Dogs are a British hardcore punk band that began life in the early eighties.
History.
English Dogs formed in October 1981 in Grantham and produced two demos during 1982 entitled 'Show No Mercy' and 'Free To Kill'. The band toured as support to fellow punk band Charged GBH in Germany during early 1983 and followed this with a British tour supporting Discharge. In 1983 they signed to Clay Records and released a 6 track EP titled 'Mad Punx And English Dogs' July 1983.
English Dogs' first full length album, 'Invasion of the Porky Men', emerged a year later. Personnel changes ensued after the debut album emerged with vocalist Wakey departing to be replaced by ex-Ultraviolent singer Ade Bailey. At this juncture the band also decided to augment their live and recorded sound by adding ex-Destructors guitarist Graham 'Gizz' Butt who added Metal riffing, guitar leads and contributed to the English Dogs songwriting.
This change saw them leave Clay records to sign with Rot Records and release the decidedly metal tinged 'To The Ends Of The Earth' EP in September 1984. The metal leanings increased with Forward into Battle. English Dogs, culminating with the "Metalmorphosis " 12" and 'Where Legend Began' album through Under One Flag in 1986. In Spring of that that year the Dogs toured the USA to sold out shows at the LA Olympic auditorium, Fenders Ballroom, San Diego, San Francisco, Baltimore, New York, Chicago, in fact all over the East and West coast. Upon their return to the UK Jon Murray left the band.The group appeared on the legendary Shades promoted Thrash bill at Camden's Electric Ballroom with Possessed and Voivod later in 1986. Pinch also left the band around Winter '96. . The band carried on with Adie, Gizz and Wattie playing with other musicians until calling it a day in the fall of that year.
In 1993 Pinch and Gizz Butt reformed English Dogs with "Mad Punx" vocalist Wakey and Future Damned Bassist Stuart West, signed to German label "Impact records" and released 'Bow To None', Wakey left shortly after with him being replaced by Stuart 'Stu-Pid' Jones (Also of Police Bastard, Sensa Yuma and ex Contempt) for the 1995 five track EP "What A Wonderful Feeling... ...To Be Fucked By Everyone" on Retch Records . 
Eventually English Dogs became a 3 piece with the line up of Gizz Butt - Lead Vocals and guitars, Pinch - Drums and backing vocals and Shop - Bass guitar and Backing vocals . They released the 16 track crossover album "All The World's A Rage" also on Impact records and toured UK, Germany, Austria and Switzerland many times. in 1996 the English Dogs played their last shows as Pinch, Gizz and Shop were soon to re-emerge as Janus Stark.
An English Dogs / GBH union resulted in Wakey and Pinch creating The Wernt with GBH members guitarist Jock Blyth and bassist Ross Lomas for a 1997 album 'Wreckin' Temples'. 
Gizz Butt replaced Jim Davies of Pitchshifter as the live guitarist for The Prodigy, which in turn revitalized interest in English Dogs and prompted a re-release of "Where Legend Began". 
Gizz also announced the formation of a new act Janus Stark the same year recording with (3 Colours Red producer)Terry Thomas acting as producer. 1999's 'I've Got A Gun' was recorded live in Finland in 1994 when Pid was on vocals . By 2000 Pinch had joined The Damned. Gizz Butt returned in 2002 with The More I See.
In May 2007, English Dogs reformed with the original line-up with the exception of Pinch, who is drumming for The Damned. He was replaced by Stuart Meadows, who played for Resistance 77. They mainly play throughout Europe, but they do not play their crossover material. English Dogs released an EP called "Tales of the Asylum" in November 2008.
English Dogs had another line-up change in 2009, then afterwards a hiatus . At one point the only original member being bassist Wattie .After months of leaving, Wakefield reformed the band with him being the only member to have featured on any official release.
In 2011 three original members of the 1984 Crossover line up, Pinch, Gizz and Adie, announced they were going to reform to perform the "Forward Into Battle" and "To The Ends Of The Earth" releases in their enirety . This led to a sell out tour of USA and Canada in Feb 2012 which received great reviews. After the tour the lads announced they were to write new material in the vein of the Crossover material and plan more touring.

</doc>
<doc id="19200675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200675" title="Nikolay Bankov">
Nikolay Bankov

Nikolay Ivelinov Bankov (; born 19 November 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a goalkeeper for Haskovo. 
Bankov started his career in his home town Dobrich in the local team Dobrudzha Dobrich.

</doc>
<doc id="19200698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200698" title="List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, A-F">
List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, A-F

This list of settlements in the province of North Brabant, in the Netherlands is part of the List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant.

</doc>
<doc id="19200708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200708" title="Space Age Electronics">
Space Age Electronics

Space Age Electronics (SAE) is a Sterling, Massachusetts company specializing in fire protection equipment and accessories. Founded in 1963, Space Age Electronics is known for its notification appliances.
History.
In 1971, Space Age introduced the first visual notification appliances, the AV32 and the AV34 light plate. They used relabeled Federal Vibratone 450D's for their series of 2DCD horns, which were often used with the AV32 or 34.Other popular horns used would be Wheelock 34T-24's, Wheelock 34's or speakers. These would also be used with horns made by other companies, generally Wheelock, Federal Signal, Faraday or Simplex models. Along with the AV32 and 34, they also introduced the V33 remote light, for situations where a retrofit would not be possible or no audible appliance was necessary. Sometime in the late 80's, Space Age introduced strobe versions of the AV32, AV34 and V33. Instead of using a dim incandescent light, it used a xenon strobe with a clear lens. The VA-series notification appliances were introduced in 1994, and ultimately replaced the AV32 series, which continued to be made until 1997. However, the V33 continued to be manufactured for general signaling purposes, and was replaced in 2006 by the Guardian Light.
Current Products.
Space Age Electronics currently markets their IAV series of electronic horn/strobes and speaker/strobes. They also manufacture graphic annunciators, duct smoke detectors, relays, and various fire alarm/life safety accessories. Space Age's products are still used by many popular fire alarm companies, such as Honeywell (particularly the Gamewell-FCI and Notifier subsidiaries), Faraday, EST and Simplex.

</doc>
<doc id="19200714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200714" title="Scilla Gabel">
Scilla Gabel

Scilla Gabel (born 4 January 1938) is an Italian film, television and stage actress. She appeared in 50 films between 1954 and 1982. 
Gabel was born in Rimini, Italy. She entered the cinema industry as the Sophia Loren's body double. Between 1957 and 1967 she appeared, often as the female lead actress, in dozens of films, but failed to emerge because of the stereotyped roles. Starting from late sixties she focused her activity on stage and television, in which she found most significant roles and critical appreciation.

</doc>
<doc id="19200718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200718" title="Liset Castillo">
Liset Castillo

Liset Castillo Iglesias (born January 21, 1973 in Pinar del Río) is a retired female basketball player from Cuba. She twice competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics, finishing in fourth (1992) and in ninth place (2000) with the Women's National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19200739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200739" title="Heavy Rotation (Anastacia album)">
Heavy Rotation (Anastacia album)

Heavy Rotation was the fourth studio album by American recording artist Anastacia. It was her first studio album in over four years, since her self-titled third studio album "Anastacia" released in 2004. According to Anastacia, the album title also has a deeper meaning to it, referring to the fact that life rotates and you get through the "heavy" things. The album was released on October 27, 2008 by Mercury Records in Europe and the United Kingdom, and was released in America on February 17, 2009, with three tracks remixed an a brand new bonus track, "Naughty". The record was an overall flop, struggling in the music charts and regarded as a calculated 'sell out' by Anastacia's label in an attempt to achieve a successful comeback. The singer herself later stressed her regret in the label's creative direction and stated that she would return to the sound of her previous projects on later albums.The album was ranked at #10 by "Billboard" magazine's online "Readers' Poll: 10 Best Albums of 2008".
Background and recording.
"Heavy Rotation" will be Anastacia's first studio album on her new record deal with The Island Def Jam Music Group / Mercury Records since her departure from Daylight / Epic. She said that the album would have come out earlier but was pushed back because of the negotiations with the record labels. She explained the meaning of the title as follows: "I called the album "Heavy Rotation" because it's a phrase that originated with DJs, and also for me the meaning is, life can be heavy, but it all turns around and goes into something else. It seemed to be the perfect title for where I'm at in my life." The album has been released on October 24 through October 28, 2008 in Europe and on October 27, 2008 in Australia, Asia and New Zealand, with the rest of the world to follow in 2009. The first single, "I Can Feel You" and the album title have been confirmed on Anastacia's official website.
Anastacia, speaking about how long it took to record, write and produce the album: "I reckon it’s probably one of the fastest made records ever. I don’t know why but things are never easy for me. I either have to have cancer while making an album or I just have two days to make it.
I signed a new record deal in April and the album is now done – 13 songs but only just. The whole thing was written, recorded and produced in super quick time. I did a metamorphosis change. If it was up to me I would loved to have started writing last year." Taken from: "It's been such a fast album I had no idea of what it was going to sound like, what I was going to say. I figured there would be a couple of love songs, but I didn't realise that most of the album was going to be as happy as it is. Even the songs I didn't write myself, that I chose, are all positive. Not 'Left Outside Alone' and 'I'm Outta Love', but songs like 'I Can Feel You' and 'Heavy Rotation'." 2But the music feels different to the Anastacia album. This album is more soulful. I feel more in touch with my inner self, my inner soul. I feel like I've come out of the other side of it all now, and found real peace. I've realised that life doesn't have to be controlled by me, in every way. And it's been fun, letting go, realising I don't have to be such a perfectionist."
Concept.
On 7 October 2008, previews to three songs, including: "Absolutely Positively", "Defeated" and "Heavy Rotation" were posted on Anastacia's official MySpace page. Anastacia has said in an interview with her Austrian fan club that her favourite song on the album is "Heavy Rotation". On October 21, 2008 Anastacia hosted a webchat on "www.thesun.co.uk" stating the following about "Heavy Rotation": Heavy Rotation has a very different vibe. It’s the first happy album I’ve ever made. I honestly never knew I could write so many upbeat songs. I guess it shows my outlook on life right now. Anastacia also described the song "Heavy Rotation" via webchat: ...it’s a crazy and infectious dance song. I'm very pleased with it. I’m not an avid compulsive listener of my own music unless I’m on stage. I don't like it. But this tune perks me up all the time. It will be released as a single at some point.
Taken from: "I'd say this album is a softer piece of me, a gentler side, even a more feminine side. I've come into embracing my sensuality as a woman, finally. I'm like wine. It's taken a while, but my reserve is quite popular right now! I'm just really happy inside, and I think that's reflected in the music. Sometimes that comes with age, and sometimes just with what you've experienced in your life. So both of them together are why this is going to be an exciting record for me to promote. It's very thrilling, to have so many new chances, new opportunities.." Previews to all songs on the album were posted on Anastacia's German website on October 17.
Critical reception.
On September 3, 2008, Anastacia hosted an album listening party at the "Bureau Club" in Soho, London. On September 9, 2008, Capital 95.8 posted a review of that listening party, saying that "Heavy Rotation" is one of her strongest and most varied albums to date. "MSN" reviewed the album at the listening party in London and felt that : "The album does sound a bit like a box-ticking exercise but the first half in particular is a reminder of what made Anastacia a big name in the first place - namely, that huge voice - and it's well worth a listen."
Overall "Heavy Rotation" received both positive as well as mixed and negative reviews. "Allmusic" critic Jon O'Brien gave the album four stars (out of five) stating that : "However, Heavy Rotation, her first studio album in nearly five years, tones down the guitars in favor of a more eclectic collection of songs that take in everything from glossy soul-funk to acoustic pop and even techno. [...] But despite its occasional lapses into schmaltz and generic R&B, Heavy Rotation is still a charming and versatile record that has her unmistakable voice and personality stamped all over it." Maddy Costa from "The Guardian" gave the album a mixed review : "[...] Otherwise, this album's notion of femininity is hardcore feminist: it's packed with I Will Survive-type anthems designed to get women dancing around handbags. They are exhausting to listen to, but so radiant with positivity it's hard to dislike them." Alex Fletcher from "Digital Spy" was less impressed with the album : "Whether those who bought Anastacia's first three albums will be charmed by her fourth remains to be seen [...] For everyone else, however, Heavy Rotation will be too cringe-inducing to bear the repeated listens that its title promises." The "Daily Mirror" called "Heavy Rotation" : "A class act at the top of her game."
The Australian newspaper "The Independent Weekly", was also impressed by the album giving it a favourable review : "Heavy Rotation is a triumphant return for an amazing artist who has travelled through pain to emerge stronger than ever before." "BBC Music" concluded about the album : "In summary: this is one happy Anastacia. Gone are the dark tracks of previous album Anastacia, replaced by soft ballads and upbeat disco stormers. Life on the sunny side is obviously doing her good, as is her partnership with Guy Chambers. Long may it continue – even, dare we say it, in heavy rotation".
Singles.
"I Can Feel You" was released as the album's lead single in October 2008. The music video was directed by Chris Applebaum and filmed in Los Angeles. In December 2008, the video for "I Can Feel You" ranked at #40 on "VH1 Europe"'s "Final Countdown: 100 Best Videos of 2008". The second single, "Absolutely Positively", was confirmed by Anastacia on "This Morning" on Monday, November 3, 2008, and was subsequently released in February 2009. The video was shot in London and directed by Nigel Dick, who also directed her videos for "I'm Outta Love" and "Cowboys & Kisses". The third single, "Defeated", was released in May 2009, but served as promotional single only, without a music video or physical single release.
Promotion.
In September, October and November 2008, Anastacia made several radio and TV appearances in Europe to promote her new album. The album will also be promoted with her upcoming 2009 "Heavy Rotation Tour". On September 29, 2008, Anastacia opened the "Operation Triumph", a Serbian music talent show, performing two songs, "Left Outside Alone" and her new single "I Can Feel You". On Monday October 20, Anastacia appeared in Spain on "Dancing with the Stars" ("Mira Quien Baila") singing the first single off "Heavy Rotation", "I Can Feel You". Anastacia appeared on the UK chat show "The Graham Norton Show" on Thursday, 23 October 2008. Anastacia appeared on "GMTV" Tuesday, 28 October 2008 and performed "I Can Feel You" at the "Pink Ribbon Gala" in Stockholm. On Friday October 31, 2008 Anastacia gave an interview on the UK day time show "Loose Women". Anastacia performed at "G-A-Y" nightclub on Saturday, November 1. The show took place in the club's new venue, "Heaven", in central London. Anastacia made an appearance on "This Morning" Monday, November 3 to promote her new album, where she also announced the second single from "Heavy Rotation", "Absolutely Positively". On November the 6th, Anastacia presented an award along with Michael Owen at the 15th annual "MTV Europe Music Awards" held in Liverpool. Anastacia attended the 20th annual "World Music Awards" 2008 in Monte Carlo, on November 9 where she performed the 2nd single from "Heavy Rotation", "Absolutely Positively". On Saturday November 15, 2008 Anastacia took part on "Serata D'onore", a TV show in Italy, which aired on "Rai Uno" where she performed her hit single "I Can Feel You". On Sunday November 23, 2008 Anastacia appeared on the "Divas II" benefit concert along with many other female artists. The show aired on "ITV1". "Anastacia" performed two of her hits : "Left Outside Alone" and "I Can Feel You".
She performed "I Can Feel You", "Left Outside Alone", "Absolutely Positively" and "I'm Outta Love" on Friday November 28, 2008 at "Energy Stars for Free 2008" a benefit concert in Zurich. She was invited as a guest on the "Paul O'Grady Show" Tuesday December 9, 2008 where she also performed "Absolutely Positively". The show aired on Channel 4. Anastacia performed "I'm Outta Love", "Left Outside Alone" and "I Can Feel You" on 95.8 Capital FM's "Jingle Bell Ball" on December 10, 2008. The concert took place at The O2 arena in London. On Friday December 12, 2008 she performed "Absolutely Positively", "I'm Outta Love" and "Left Outside Alone" in Madrid, at "Los Premios 40 Principales" award ceremony. On the 13th of December 2008, Anastacia performed "I Can Feel You" on the popular TV show Wetten, dass..? in Stuttgart. Anastacia performed "I Can Feel You" and "I'm Outta Love" at the Cheerios "ChildLine Concert" in Dublin on Tuesday December 16, 2008 which then went on to be televised in Ireland on Friday December 19. Anastacia received the "World Artist Award" at the "Women's World Award" on 5 March 2009 in Vienna where she also performed "I'm Outta Love" and "Defeated". The television special was broadcast in over 40 countries all over the world. Anastacia performed "Absolutely Positively" on the italian version of "X Factor" on Monday March 9, 2009. During her stay in Italy, she also appeared on "Quelli che il calcio e..." where she performed "Defeated" which was broadcast on Rai Due.
Touring.
Anastacia spoke about her 2009 tour in an online interview and announced plans to visit several continents, but the low sales of the album worldwide and the economical crisis have caused a change in her initial plans since then: "There will be a tour but I’ve still not decided when. It’s looking like it will be mid-to-end of 2009. I know I’m a little different to other artists but I don’t like bringing out an album and then immediately going on tour. I want people to listen to my music and be very familiar with it before the gigs. I also need to understand the album before I can go out and create a tour for." 2All I can confirm is that it will be a global tour. I'll come to Asia and Australia first, then I'll do a big stint in Europe and then America. It makes sense to do America last as it's the final place I'm releasing the album."

</doc>
<doc id="19200746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200746" title="Districts of Western Sahara">
Districts of Western Sahara

The daïras of Western Sahara are a subdivision of a wilaya, however, as Morocco is administrating much of Western Sahara, these are operational only at the Sahrawi refugee camps in Tindouf.

</doc>
<doc id="19200751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200751" title="Saint Patrick School (Pelham, New Hampshire)">
Saint Patrick School (Pelham, New Hampshire)

Saint Patrick School is a private Roman Catholic elementary and middle school in Pelham, New Hampshire.
History.
The school was founded in 1960 by Saint Patrick Parish as Saint Patrick Convent School. The school was staffed by Sisters of Mercy from nearby Windham for many years; however, more lay teachers were gradually employed, and in the early 1990s the school's name was officially changed to Saint Patrick School. Today, the school is staffed entirely by state-certified lay personnel.
Saint Patrick School is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
Sports and traditions.
Students in grades 5 through 8 may participate in the school's teams in soccer, softball, and track and field, all of which compete in the small school division of the Tri-County League. Basketball, bowling, skiing and snowboarding are offered as part of the school's Winter Enrichment Program. 
A campus ministry and student leadership program is offered through T.I.C. T.A.C. (Together In Christ Taking A Challenge), which is overseen by the school principal and the parish pastor.
Annual traditions at Saint Patrick School include an annual Harvest Feast, where third-grade Native Americans canoe down Beaver Brook and are greeted by second-grade Pilgrims; the sixth grade class trip to Nature's Classroom; and the eighth grade class trip to Washington, D.C.
Curriculum.
The focus of the school's instruction at the elementary school level is on basic skills development. French is offered to 5th-8th grade students.

</doc>
<doc id="19200762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200762" title="List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, G-K">
List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, G-K

This list of settlements in the province of North Brabant, in the Netherlands is part of the List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant.

</doc>
<doc id="19200766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200766" title="List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, L-R">
List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, L-R

This list of settlements in the province of North Brabant, in the Netherlands is part of the List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant.

</doc>
<doc id="19200768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200768" title="List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, S-Z">
List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, S-Z

This list of settlements in the province of North Brabant, in the Netherlands is part of the List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant.

</doc>
<doc id="19200790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200790" title="Erika Remberg">
Erika Remberg

Erika Remberg (born 15 February 1932) is an Austrian film actress. She appeared in 31 films between 1950 and 1970.
She was born in Medan, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19200806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200806" title="Andrea Borrell">
Andrea Borrell

Andrea Leonora Borrell Hernández (born November 10, 1963 in Las Villas, Villa Clara) is a retired female basketball player from Cuba. She twice competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics, finishing in fifth (1980) and in fourth place (1992) with the Women's National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19200815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200815" title="Nelson United">
Nelson United

Nelson United was a New Zealand soccer club, based in the South Island city of Nelson. Their home ground was Guppy Park. The team was founded in 1968 through the amalgamation of Nelson Rangers (founded 1924) and Nelson Thistle (founded 1950 as Settlers, name changed in 1959). Nelson United has since merged with Nelson Metro, Nelson City and Tahuna to form FC Nelson.
United played in the old New Zealand National Soccer League's top flight 1976-80, 1983–88, and 1991-92. They were winners of the 1977 Chatham Cup, and were finalists in 1978. Nelson Rangers had previously reached the semi-finals in 1962 and 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19200816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200816" title="Vertebrae (album)">
Vertebrae (album)

Vertebrae is the tenth studio album release by Norwegian progressive black metal band Enslaved. It was released on 29 September 2008 via Indie Recordings in Europe and on 28 October 2008 via Nuclear Blast in the US. It was received as Album of the Year (2008) in Terrorizer Magazine, and later their Critic's Choice Album of the Year for 2008. The album sold approximately 1100 copies in its first week, reaching number 49 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19200823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200823" title="Bracken (band)">
Bracken (band)

Bracken is a post-rock band from Leeds, England. It started as a solo project by Hood co-founder and lead singer Chris Adams.
Bracken released the first album, "We Know About the Need", on Anticon in 2007. It reached number 21 on the Dusted Top 40 Radio Chart in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19200827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200827" title="Walter L. Cole">
Walter L. Cole

Walter Leonard Cole (died 26 April 1943) was an Irish merchant and politician in the early twentieth century. Prior to the foundation of the Irish Free State, he was an alderman for a period. An active republican, he was a founding director of the Sinn Féin Printing & Publishing Company. He also led the Sinn Féin grouping in Dublin Corporation in the early 1900s.
As a well-off supporter of the underground Irish republican movement in the early twentieth century, his house on Mountjoy Square seems to have been a regular meeting place for senior figures within that movement. The notes of Seamus Reader, an Irish Volunteer from Glasgow, record a meeting in January 1916 at Cole's house:all of whom were signatories to the Proclamation of the Irish Republic and all of whom were executed the following May, as leaders of the Easter Rising.
Cole is also documented as having hosted provisional Dáil meetings at his home, the assembly having been driven underground in September 1919. He was arrested by the military at his home at No. 3 Mountjoy Square in 1920.
After the Anglo-Irish Treaty and the foundation of the Irish Free State, he was elected a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 3rd Dáil Éireann for Cavan constituency at the 1922 general election. The "Pro-Treaty" prefix relates to his position in the Irish Civil War. It is perhaps surprising that a Dublin man won in Cavan. He and Seán Milroy stood alongside Arthur Griffith with one other opponent, Patrick Baxter of the Farmers' Party and three seats available. Griffith received by far the largest popular vote (54%) with Baxter second (23%), Cole third (20%) and Milroy fourth (2%). As the Irish voting system uses proportional representation, Cole and Milroy were elected on the back of Griffith's surplus votes who had achieved more than twice the required quota. Cole stood again in Cavan as a Cumann na nGaedheal candidate at the following 1923 general election. Griffith died during the Civil War by that time and Baxter topped the poll, this time with Milroy second. Cole was eliminated on the sixth count, despite there being an extra fourth seat. 
Cole unsuccessfully ran for election to Seanad Éireann in 1925. He was later a commissioner for Mountjoy Square.

</doc>
<doc id="19200829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200829" title="Fata Morgana (game show)">
Fata Morgana (game show)

Fata Morgana was a Flemish television show which ran for five series between 2004 and 2008. It could be classified as a game show, though there were no prizes to be won.
Each episode, a local celebrity would issue a series of five themed challenges to a particular town or city, usually tasks which required a great deal of manpower and creativity. The inhabitants of the competing town or city had roughly six days to complete these task, ending in an event on Saturday afternoon where their efforts were judged, and symbolic "gold stars" were awarded for each task successfully completed. Both this event and the preparations during the week were taped and broadcast the following Sunday evening, with the next challenge presented at the end of the programme.
Challenges included breaking world records, assembling masses in a particular style of fancy dress, building scale replicas of monuments, and retrieving items from foreign countries or outer space.
The first series was presented by Geena Lisa and Sergio. The latter left the program in 2007 and was replaced by Steph Goossens for the final two series.

</doc>
<doc id="19200833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200833" title="WNT2">
WNT2

Wingless-type MMTV integration site family, member 2, also known as WNT2, is a human gene.
This gene is a member of the WNT gene family. The WNT gene family consists of structurally related genes that encode secreted signaling proteins involved in the Wnt signaling pathway. These proteins have been implicated in oncogenesis and in several developmental processes, including regulation of cell fate and patterning during embryogenesis. Alternatively spliced transcript variants have been identified for this gene.

</doc>
<doc id="19200837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200837" title="Crazylegs (film)">
Crazylegs (film)

Crazylegs is a 1953 film about Elroy Hirsch's football career. In college (University of Wisconsin and University of Michigan) his unconventional dynamic running style allowed him to change directions in a multitude of ways. The media dubbed him "Crazylegs". The name stuck all through his professional career and life. The bulk of this film is centered on his college days. One of the highlights of the film is when his Michigan team was informed it would play in the Rose Bowl on Jan 1, 1948. At that time, the Rose Bowl chose various teams from non-Western conferences to play their Pacific Coast Conference (Now the Pac-10) Champion. That game was the first of the long relationship pitting the two champions of the Big 10 and Pacific Coast conferences in the Rose Bowl. Crazylegs later became part of the foundation of the "Three End" with the LA Rams. This film captures the genuine quality of Hirsch’s personality, with Hirsch playing himself in the part.
The film premiered in Wausau, Wisconsin, Hirsch's hometown. Cotton Warburton's editing was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing.

</doc>
<doc id="19200842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200842" title="Demeter Bitenc">
Demeter Bitenc

Demeter Bitenc (born 21 July 1922) is a Slovenian film actor. He has appeared in 75 films since 1953. He was born in Ljubljana, Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19200843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200843" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.

</doc>
<doc id="19200846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200846" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Character Artiste (Male)">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Character Artiste (Male)

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Supporting Actor is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films. The award was first given in 1968 and stopped after 1970. The award is being given after 2000.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19200848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200848" title="Ana Hernández">
Ana Hernández

Ana Gloria Hernández Álvarez (born November 10, 1962) is a retired female basketball player from Cuba. She competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics, finishing in fourth place with the Women's National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19200850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200850" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Character Artiste (Female)">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Character Artiste (Female)

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Supporting Actress is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films. The award was first given in 1968 and stopped after 1970. The award is being given after 2000.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19200851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200851" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Villain">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Villain

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Villain is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awardss for Tamil (Kollywood) films. The award was first given in 1997, with Prakash Raj being the first recipient.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19200855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200855" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Comedian">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Comedian

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Comedian is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19200856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200856" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Music Director">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Music Director

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Music Director is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Tamil Movie Industry) feature films.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19200859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200859" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Male Playback">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Male Playback

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19200860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200860" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Female Playback">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Female Playback

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19200864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200864" title="Cricket Pavilion">
Cricket Pavilion

Cricket Pavilion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19200865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200865" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Stunt Coordinator">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Stunt Coordinator

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Stunt Co-ordinator is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The list.
Here is a list of the award winners and the films for which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="19200870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200870" title="Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Director">
Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Director

The Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Director is given by the state government as part of its annual Tamil Nadu State Film Awards for Tamil (Kollywood) films.

</doc>
<doc id="19200875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200875" title="Trialeti Ossetians">
Trialeti Ossetians

The Ossetians in Trialeti () are a group of ethnic Ossetians, settling the central Georgian districts of Khashuri and Borjomi, historically part of the Trialeti province. The Ossetians resettled there in the 19th century from Samachablo (modern South Ossetia).
In 1922, after the conflict between the Georgian government forces and Bolshevik-sympathizing Ossetian rebels, and the forcible Sovietization of Georgia, the recently created South Ossetian Autonomous Oblast within the Georgian SSR claimed the villages, mainly settled by Ossetians in Trialeti as its exclave - to no avail, however.
In 1989 there were 38,000 Ossetians in the region, living in 134 villages. They had been incorporated into the Georgian society with a high degree of intermarriages with Georgians. During the 1991–1992 South Ossetia War, the area was unaffected by armed confrontation, but many Ossetian families had to flee rising ethnic discord to South Ossetia and Russia's North Ossetia–Alania.

</doc>
<doc id="19200916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200916" title="S&amp;W Cafeteria">
S&amp;W Cafeteria

S&W Cafeteria was a Charlotte, North Carolina-based chain of cafeteria style restaurants. The chain specialized in low-cost, southern style cookery. Branch locations were located in the Southeastern United States from Washington, D.C. to Atlanta, Georgia.
History.
The company was organized in 1920, by Frank Odell Sherrill and Fred Weber who had served as mess sergeants together in World War I. The operation originated at Ivey's department store. Its initial restaurant was located at 100 W. Trade Street in downtown Charlotte. By 1934, when the first Washington, D.C. location opened, cafeterias were located in Atlanta, Georgia; Asheville, Charlotte, and Raleigh, North Carolina; Chattanooga and Knoxville, Tennessee; and Roanoke, Virginia. By the early 1950s, locations had opened at Greensboro, North Carolina and at Pittman Plaza, in Lynchburg, Virginia. Many of these locations were designed by noted Charlotte-based architect Martin Evans Boyers.
The original cafeterias were located in busy downtown areas, often located near bustling theater and shopping areas. The early locations were quite opulent (designed in Art Deco style) and were the site of numerous local business and political gatherings. During the 1960s-1970's, as suburban shopping centers opened and downtowns declined, S&W followed the trend by closing their downtown locations. In 1964, 16 locations were in operation. Into the 1990s, the mainstay clientele were the elderly who appreciated the home style meals at low prices.
Branch locations.
Washington, D.C..
The first Washington, D.C area location opened downtown in 1934; a restaurant in the Washington Building, 1425 G Street, NW at New York Avenue. It was a regular stop for southern congressman, including Sen. Richard Russell (D-GA) and Sen. Clyde Hoey (D-NC). During World War II, the cafeteria served up to 9,000 daily. Because of a severe drop in night trade, it closed in May 1964.
Suburban locations operated at Seven Corners Shopping Center, opening in 1956; Landmark Shopping Center, opening in 1964; and a restaurant at Washington Science Center in Rockville, Maryland, opening in 1966. A racial ban at the Seven Corners location was lifted in August 1961, after an African official (the mayor of Dar es Salaam, Tanganyika) was refused service and the State Department intervened with a call to S&W owner Frank Sherrill. This location closed in 1976, when the center upgraded. Its closing spurred protests from longtime patrons, largely elderly, 1,000 of whom relied daily on the cafeteria for low-cost meals. The location reopened in 1980, at 155 Hillwood Ave., in nearby Falls Church; a new $650,000, restaurant seating 400. The Falls Church location operated into the 1990s. The Landmark location featured long, high murals and crystal chandeliers, closed in 1986.
Asheville, North Carolina.
The downtown Asheville location opened at 60 Patton Avenue in 1929, and closed in 1974. It is in the Art Deco style and was designed by architect Douglas Ellington. In 2007, Steve Moberg purchased and renovated the building and the restaurant S&W Steak and Wine and coffee shop Corner House. The restaurant closed in 2011.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
Charlotte, North Carolina.
The original S&W operated at 100 W. Trade Street in downtown by Charlotte from 1920 until 1970; it was razed in the mid-1980s. Three suburban Charlotte locations operated at Park Road Shopping Center (in 1958, closed ca. 1980), at Charlottetown Mall (in 1959, closed ca. 1980), and at Freedom Village Mall in the 1960s (closed January 1983).
Knoxville, Tennessee.
The downtown S&W opened in 1936, and operated at 516-518 South Gay Street, until the early 1980s. It is a 2-story Art Deco building with a glazed terra cotta exterior and an opulent interior. The area is part of an historic district being actively preserved by the non-profit Knox Heritage. In August 2007, the neighboring Downtown Regal Riviera opened and is stimulating redevelopment of the neighboring properties.
The S&W on Gay Street was renovated and officially re-opened for business to the public on October 21, 2009 as the S&W Grand Cafe.
The S&W closed its doors on Jan 8, 2011. Statement from their Facebook page: "We are taking the opportunity during this slow time of the year to determine the future plan for the S&W Grand in 2011. Effective immediately, we will be closed until further notice. We thank everyone for their support over the past year, and remain hopeful to serve you again in the near future."
Roanoke, Virginia.
The original S&W operated at 412 S. Jefferson Street. In 1964, that location closed and has since been occupied by Davidson's men's store. That store recently underwent a $2 million renovation. The downtown location moved to 16 Church Avenue, SW, in the former Greyhound Bus Terminal. The new two-story location featured art deco appointments and breakfast made-to-order for the early downtown crowd. It closed in the 1970s. This location is now the Downtown Sports Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19200918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200918" title="Olga Vigil">
Olga Vigil

Olga Lidia Vigil Gómez (born August 26, 1970 in Havana) is a retired female basketball player from Cuba. She twice competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics, finishing in fourth (1992) and in sixth place (1996) with the Women's National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19200931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200931" title="WNT6">
WNT6

Wingless-type MMTV integration site family, member 6, also known as WNT6, is a human gene.
The WNT gene family consists of structurally related genes that encode secreted signaling proteins. These proteins have been implicated in oncogenesis and in several developmental processes, including regulation of cell fate and patterning during embryogenesis. This gene is a member of the WNT gene family, which are involved in the Wnt signaling pathway. It is overexpressed in cervical cancer cell line and strongly coexpressed with another family member, WNT10A, in colorectal cancer cell line. The gene overexpression may play key roles in carcinogenesis. This gene and the WNT10A gene are clustered in the chromosome 2q35 region. The protein encoded by this gene is 97% identical to the mouse Wnt6 protein at the amino acid level.

</doc>
<doc id="19200935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200935" title="Escapade in Japan">
Escapade in Japan

Escapade in Japan is a 1957 American family adventure film. It was directed by Arthur Lubin and starred Teresa Wright, Cameron Mitchell, Jon Provost (who, that same year, began his 7-year tenure as Timmy Martin on the TV show Lassie) and Roger Nakagawa. It also featured an early (and uncredited) appearance of Clint Eastwood as a pilot.
Synopsis.
After his plane goes down, an American boy is rescued from the sea by a Japanese fisherman and his family. When police arrive in the village, the fisherman's son fears that they have done something wrong. He and the American boy go on the run. They meet interesting people and have many adventures, travelling across the country and eluding the police, who are searching for the American boy.

</doc>
<doc id="19200937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200937" title="Lubombo">
Lubombo

Lubombo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19200941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200941" title="Stridsvagn m/37">
Stridsvagn m/37

"Stridsvagn" m/37 (Strv m/37) was a Swedish-built version of the Czechoslovak ČKD AH-IV tankette.
History.
The AH-IV was popular with Romania and Iran, and after a successful demonstration to Swedish authorities, during winter conditions in the Krkonoše Mountains, Sweden ordered 48 AH-IV-Sv in 1937. Two of these were built in Czechoslovakia; the other 46 were built as the Strv m/37 under license by Jungner in Oskarshamn, with AB Volvo providing a more powerful engine, transmission, and tracks, the armor was made by Avesta. The ČKD supplied most of the other components after building one prototype. The tankette was strongly modified, including the suppression of original driver's machine gun, this variant was heavier and larger, than the AH-IV. On the turret, was placed two Swedish-made machine guns, the "8 mm Ksp m/36 strv" and a commander cupola. Inside the vehicle was room for a radio and the ammunition. In November 1938, the final components were shipped.
Production.
A total of 48 of these vehicles were delivered to the Swedish army between 1938 and 1939.
Service.
The Strv m/37s were first issued to the 1st Armored Battalion. Between 1943—44, were transferred to the newly formed armored brigades. Subsequently, the tankettes were in service with the infantry regiments "I 2, I 9, I 10" and "P 1G Armored Company" on Gotland.
The Strv m/37s lasted in service on Gotland until 1953, when they were withdrawn from service.
Survivors.
Eight of these tanks survive to this day, four in running order, of which one is in the Regimental Museum Strangnas, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19200948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200948" title="Danville metropolitan area">
Danville metropolitan area

The Danville metropolitan area may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19200956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200956" title="Odinist Community of Spain — Ásatrú">
Odinist Community of Spain — Ásatrú

The Odinist Community of Spain — Ásatrú (Spanish: "Comunidad Odinista de España-Asatru"), also known as European Odinist Circle (Spanish: "Círculo Odinista Europeo", "COE") is a Germanic Neopagan organisation in Spain founded in 1981 for followers of the denominations of Paganism known as Odinism, after the chief god of Germanic paganism, Odin, Ásatrú and Vanatrú. The community bases its ideology on the Visigothic heritage of modern Spain, Portugal and Occitania; it was legally recognised by the Spanish government in 2007.
Odinism.
The term "Odinism" was coined by Orestes Brownson in his 1848 "Letter to Protestants". The term was re-introduced in the late 1930s by Alexander Rud Mills in Australia with his "First Anglecyn Church of Odin" and his book "The Call of Our Ancient Nordic Religion". In the 1960s and early 1970s, Else Christensen's "Odinist Study Group" and later the Odinist Fellowship brought the term into usage in North America. Odinists do not necessarily focus on the worship of Odin and most honour the full pantheon.
Ásatrú is an Old Norse compound word derived from "Áss" or "Ása", which refers to the Ases (one of the two families of gods in Norse paganism, led by Odin; the other being the Vanir), and "trú", literally "troth" or "faith". Thus, Ásatrú is the "Faith of the Ases"). Vanatrú is coined after Ásatrú, implying a focus on the Wanes (the other family of gods in Norse mythology) rather than the Ases.
History.
Under the influence of Christensen's group, Ernesto (or "Ernust") García and Isabel Rubio founded the "Spanish Odinist Circle" ("Circulo Odinista Español") in Spain in 1981. Else Christensen gave her blessing to this organization and recognized it as such in 1981. In 2007 the organization changed its name to "European Odinist Circle" ("Círculo Odinista Europeo") after years of intense struggle for the restoration of Odinism.
In 2006 the COE began a fight against the pillaging in the ancient capital of the Visigoths, Toledo. Pressure was made on the regional president Jose Maria Barreda, and the COE obtained the stop of the destruction of the Visigothic remains. Those remains were in the entire Goth city with all its houses, streets, and monuments, and have been declared a national monument thanks to the effort of all.
In 2007, the COE went from being a cultural organization to be officially recognized by the Spanish government as an official religious organisation under the name of "Comunidad Odinista de España-Asatru", allowing them to perform "legally binding civil ceremonies" (weddings). COE has been the fourth Odinist and Asatruar religious organization to have been recognized with official status in the world, after organisations in Iceland, Norway and Denmark.
Structure.
The structure consists of the "Reiki" or president, who is the main social and religious figure in the COE. The priestly order "Halirunae" (in spanish: "Orden Sacerdotal Halirunae") is composed of the "godar" and the "seider". The "seider" office is divided into the "spaekona", who perform "spae" magic and the "seidkona" who perform "seid" magic, which relates and unites the functions of völva, clairvoyance and high magic. Any person, male or female, may belong to these two offices. Member of the seider must also possess other types of power such as clairvoyance, telepathy. Since 2007 the godar have been governed by Godi Angel Arroyo and since 2008 the order of seider by Seidkona Maria Angeles Lozano. In late 2008, was appointed Ernust president, a position he currently combines with that of Godi. In June 2011, during the Althing held it was decided to appoint Angie Hervör as gyðja, and y Maria Luisa Olmeda ("Meskala") as seidkona. Angie Hervör and Meskala left the confession in 2013 and founded "Asatru Lore Vanatru Assambly" (ALVA). Today the priestly order is in reconstrution.
Beliefs.
The code of values of the Odinist religion is to live in accordance with the "Nine Noble Virtues" and the "Nine Programmatic Points of the COE".
The Odinist Community of Spain is also studying carefully the works of Rupert Sheldrake on morphic fields and Carl Jung's works on collective unconscious as "very close to the Germanic ideas surrounding the Well of Urth". The organisation presents a definition of "metagenetics" as ""the hypothesis that there are spiritual or metaphysical implications to physical relatedness among humans which correlate with, but go beyond, the known limits of genetics"" (as defined by the American Asatruar Stephen McNallen).
Wedding.
On December the 23rd of 2007 the first legal Pagan wedding in Spain in 1500 years took place on the beaches of Vilanova, Barcelona. "Jordi" and "Francesca", members of the Odinist Community of Spain, united their lives under the Continental Odinist Rite led by Ernust, godi of the COE.
The ceremony was attended by pagans of all faiths in Spain, as well as members of the COE, leaders of the "Ancient Religious Society of Kelt", members of the Wiccan "Silver Willow Coven" and the Pagan Federation.
Temple.
One of the pillar projects of the new odinist project is to build a temple. An ancient building located in a town of Albacete with a long history related to the ancestors of the town was relatively recently legally acquired and is currently being rebuilt since mid-2005. It is constructed in accordance with the old standards and consists of three halls:

</doc>
<doc id="19200958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19200958" title="Jim Dobbin (footballer)">
Jim Dobbin (footballer)

James "Jim" Dobbin (born 17 September 1963 in Dunfermline) is a Scottish former professional association football player who played as a midfielder from 1980 until 2000 notably for Celtic, Barnsley and Grimsby Town. He also played for Motherwell, Doncaster Rovers, Rotherham United, Scarborough, Southport, Gainsborough Trinity, Boston United and Whitby Town.
Career.
A schoolboy international, Dobbin started his career at Celtic. In 1982, he was part of the Scotland under-18 squad which won the European Under-19 Championship, although he missed out due to injury. Dobbin's chances at Celtic were limited and he made only a handful of league appearances, with a similar return from a loan spell at Motherwell.
In March 1984, Dobbin left Scotland and moved to Doncaster Rovers, signing alongside Scotland under-18 colleague John Philliben. Dobbin spent two-and-a-half years at Belle Vue before moving to Barnsley in 1986. Spending five years at Oakwell, Dobbin featured in over 100 league matches for "The Tykes", before beginning the first of two spells with Grimsby Town in 1991. Dobbin's £200,000 move saw him go on to make over 150 league appearances for Grimsby before his release at the end of the 1995–96 season. From here, Dobbin spent a year with Rotherham United, appearing in around half of the club's matches before re-joining Doncaster for the 1997–98 season. A regular during this season, Doncaster were struggling at the bottom and released Dobbin before the end of the season, allowing him to join Scarborough. After just one match, Dobbin returned to Grimsby, featuring twice in the remainder of the season. He played another four matches at the start of the following season before being loaned to Southport for the latter part. In 1999-00, Dobbin spent time with three part-time clubs, turning out for Gainsborough Trinity, Boston United and Whitby Town before retiring at the end of the season.
Personal life.
As of August 2001, Dobbin was working outside of football on a building site.
2013- present, Jim now works as a gas engineer for Npower he also covers barnsley home games for opta stats.
Masters football.
Since his retirement he has played in three Masters football tournaments for Celtic once and twice for Barnsley. Most recently, he helped to guide Barnsley to local victory in the Yorkshire masters and even struck home a thunderous right- footed strike in the final against Sheffield Wednesday to force the game into penalties where he tucked his away past the despairing Kevin Pressman.

</doc>
<doc id="19201030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201030" title="Ottavio Jemma">
Ottavio Jemma

Ottavio Jemma (born 1 January 1925) is an Italian screenwriter. He has written 41 films since 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19201075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201075" title="Shōfuku-ji (Higashimurayama)">
Shōfuku-ji (Higashimurayama)

History.
Shofuku-ji was founded in 1270. The temple records state that the Jizō hall was built in 1278 under the sponsorship of Kamakura Regent Hōjō Tokiyori. Tradition holds that the Regent fell ill while on hunting expedition and was nursed back to health back by a resident priest. In gratitude, Tokiyori commissioned builders from Kamakura to build the Jizō hall.
There is some question as to the accuracy of this story given that Tokiyori died in 1263. Nonetheless, official patronage from Kamakura was key in the temple construction. It is worth noting that the temple may have been founded and constructed during the ministry of Tokiyori's son, Hōjō Tokimune under whose authority Japan successfully defended itself against Mongol Invasions.
It is disclosed that the Jizo hall was built in 1407 by the writing in India ink. This writing was found in 1933, when the Jizo hall was repaired. The writing also shows that this temple has been dedicated to Jizo Bodhisattva since this was founded.
Consequently, there are two theories of the time when Shofuku-ji was founded.
However, fortunately, this temple remains the state when this was founded, although this has been sometimes in danger.
Architecture.
The Jizō hall employed new building techniques perfected by the Japanese master builders during the Kamakura era that permitted more strength, elasticity, and detail compared to Chinese, Korean, or even earlier Japanese techniques.
This is called Zenshūyō.This style can be seen at Enkaku-ji. Specifically,the depth and the decoration of the Jizo hall is similar to those of the hall “Shari-den” at Enkaku-ji. For example, the curve of the upper roof is similar.
This Jizo hall has a value as one of the criterions on Japanese architectures because this is the oldest building in Kanto,Japan. Clarity of when this hall was built is also important for the criteriors.
From the outside it appears as a two story structure with sharply upturned eaves on the roofs. Internally, it is a single open space.This effect results from the lower roof Mokoshi.
It contains significant architectural innovations, including the use of elastic Japanese cypress, steel support chisels, decorative but functional brackets, and cantilevers. These innovations permitted a structure that appears lightweight with its curved hip roof, open interior, and floating, upturned eaves while being structurally sound against earthquakes.
This shows standardization of Zenshuyo. The look of the Jizo hall is similar to Shariden at Enkaku-ji. However, there are some differences. For example, The Mokoshi of the Jizo hall is covered with copper for good conservation. The door opens toward inside.
The material of roofs has been thatched. However, in 1933 , when the hall was repaired, the roof was changed from thatched to shingled ,because the roof originally was made with shingles. This is made by piling thin boards and fixing those by a bamboo nail. This “Kokerabuki” is also seen in Katsura Imperial Villa and Kinkaku-ji.
While the outside can be seen at any time, it is once a year, when the festival for Jizo , “Jizo-matsuri” observes , that people can enter the inside of the Jizo hall. The day is November 3rd. There people sell handmade jizo, play gagaku(Japanese ancient court music) and so on.
Significance.
Despite major reconstruction in 1407, Shōfuku-ji's Jizō hall is held to be one of the most representative and intact examples of Kamakura architecture anywhere. Though 50 kilometers from Kamakura, this area marked the northern extent of what was considered the outer sphere of the Kamakura defenses. However, this remoteness likely contributed to its preservation since it did not see the destruction that most of the buildings of Kamakura itself experienced.
Traditions.
Consistent with it being a place of healing, Shōfuku-ji has a tradition that is believed by many locals to help cure illness. Outside the hall are a number of wooden dolls that, when a family member or friend is sick, are to be taken to the ill person's home. Upon recovery, the original doll plus a new one are returned to the temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19201108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201108" title="1990 FIBA World Championship for Women squads">
1990 FIBA World Championship for Women squads

The 1990 FIBA Women's World Championship was held in Malaysia. The list includes the twelve-women rosters of the sixteen participating countries, totaling 172 players.

</doc>
<doc id="19201110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201110" title="Slavyanka River">
Slavyanka River

Slavyanka () is a river in Leningrad Oblast of Russia. It is a tributary of the Neva River, and it is 31 km long, with a drainage basin of 230 km². 
The river begins in swamps 9 km southwest of Pavlovsk, and flows northeast towards Pavlovsk, where it passes through the parks surrounding the large Pavlovsk Palace. It the continues north, and flows into the Neva in the Rybatskoye area of Saint Petersburg. At the mouth the river is about 1.5 meters deep. The Slavyanka is a typical slow-moving lowland river.

</doc>
<doc id="19201122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201122" title="France–Vietnam relations">
France–Vietnam relations

French–Vietnamese relations started as early as the 17th century with the mission of the Jesuit father Alexandre de Rhodes. Various traders would visit Vietnam during the 18th century, until the major involvement of French forces under Pigneau de Béhaine from 1787 to 1789 helped establish the Nguyễn Dynasty. France was heavily involved in Vietnam in the 19th century under the pretext of protecting the work of Catholic missionaries in the country. France progressively carved for itself a huge colony, which would form French Indochina in 1887. France continued to rule Vietnam as a colony until France's defeat in the First Indochina War and the proclamation of Vietnam's independence in 1954.
First contacts.
One of the first Frenchmen to visit Vietnam was the Jesuit father Alexandre de Rhodes, who arrived there in 1620. While he was in Vietnam, he wrote the first Vietnamese Catechism and he went livin
Alexandre de Rhodes returned to Europe in 1650, to advocate the dispatch of bishops in order to better accompany the development of Roman Catholicism in Vietnam (at that time around 100,000 converts), and the dispatch of bishops in order to create a strong native clergy and avoid in Vietnam a catastrophic eradication of Christianity, as seen in the case of Christianity in Japan around 1620:
The efforts of Alexander de Rhodes led to the creation of the Paris Foreign Missions Society, marking the involvement of Catholic France as a new missionary power in Asia. From 1660 a base was established in Ayutthaya, Siam, by Mgr Pallu and Mgr Lambert de la Motte, from where numerous attempts were made to send missionaries to Vietnam.
Meanwhile the Jesuits continued their efforts in Vietnam. In 1658, Fathers Manoel Ferreira and Frenchman Joseph Tissanier arrived in Tonkin, but they were expelled in 1664 under the rule of Trịnh Tạc, and fled to Ayutthaya. In June 1666, the Ayutthaya base of the Paris Foreign Missions Society dispatched Father François Deydier to Tonkin, who was able to reorganize Catholics there, although he remained in hiding. Mgr Lambert de la Motte himself would also visit the mission in Tonkin in 1669 and reinforce the organization there, under cover of trading activities of the French East India Company.
In 1680, the French East India Company opened a factory in Phố Hiến. The famous Frenchman Pierre Poivre visited Vietnam from 1720.
Military collaboration (1787–1820).
Towards the end of the 18th century, the Tây Sơn rebellion overthrew the Nguyễn family, but one of its members Nguyễn Ánh, future Emperor Gia Long, with the aid of the French Catholic priest Pigneau de Béhaine, titular bishop of Adran, obtained a treaty of alliance with the French king Louis XVI: the Treaty of Versailles, signed on November 21, 1787. In return Gia Long promised to cede Pulo-Condore to the French and to give a concession to the French in Tourane (modern Da Nang), as well as exclusive trading rights. That treaty marks the beginning of French influence in Indochina, but the Governor in Pondicherry, Count de Conway refused to follow through with the implementation of the treaty, leaving Pigneau de Béhaine to his own means.
In spite of these inconveniences, between 1789 and 1799, a French force mustered by Pigneau de Béhaine managed to support Gia Long in acquiring sway over the whole of Vietnam. The French trained Vietnamese troops, established a navy, and built fortifications in the Vauban style, such as the Citadel of Saigon or the Citadel of Duyên Khanh. Several of these French adventurers would remain in high positions in the government of Gia Long such as Philippe Vannier, Jean-Baptiste Chaigneau, de Forsans and the doctor Despiau.
The death of Gia Long, and the accession of Emperor Minh Mạng in 1820 severely strained relations between France and Vietnam. In an effort to reestablish close contacts, Jean-Baptiste Chaigneau was nominated French Consul in Huế. He offered a peace treaty, but remained unsuccessful, and left Vietnam definitively with Philippe Vannier and their families in December 1824. On 12 January 1825, an embassy led by Captains Hyacinthe de Bougainville and Courson de la Ville-Hélio arrived in Đà Nẵng, with the warships "Thétis" and "Espérance". Although they had numerous presents from the Emperor, and a 28 January 1824 letter from Louis XVIII, the ambassadors could not obtain an audience from Minh Mạng.
Religious persecutions.
In 1825, emperor Minh Mạng issued an edict prohibiting foreign missionaries in Vietnam, following the infiltration of Father Regéreau from the "Thétis" when it was anchored in Đà Nẵng. In his edict, Minh Mạng asserted that Christianity perverted the people:
As the prohibition proved largely ineffective, and missionaries continued their activities in Vietnam, especially under the protection of the governor of Cochinchina Lê Văn Duyệt, a total ban on Roman Catholicism as well as French and Vietnamese priests was edicted following their support of the Lê Văn Khôi revolt (1833–1835), leading to persecutions of French missionaries and the execution of Father Joseph Marchand in 1835. These events fed in France a desire to intervene and protect the Roman Catholic faith.
Attempt at overture.
Following the defeat of China by Great Britain in the Opium War, emperor Minh Mạng attempted to build an alliance with European powers by sending a delegation under the mandarin Ton That Tuong in 1840. They were received in Paris by Prime Minister Marshal Soult and the Commerce Minister, but they were shunned by King Louis-Philippe. This came after the Paris Foreign Missions Society and the Vatican had urged a rebuke for an "enemy of the religion". The embassy offered in vain a trade monopoly for France, in exchange for the promise of military support in case of an attack by another country. An attempt to make a treaty with America also failed when Minh Mạng died in 1841.
Minh Mạng's successor, Thiệu Trị, also upheld the anti-Catholic policy of his predecessor but tried to avoid direct confrontations. Captain Favin-Lévêque, arriving in Đà Nẵng in 1840 on board the corvette "Héroïne", obtained from Thiệu Trị the release of five imprisoned missionaries.
Naval interventions (1843–1847).
In 1843, the French Foreign Minister, François Guizot, sent a fleet to the East under Admiral Jean-Baptiste Cécille and Captain Charner, together with the diplomat Lagrene. The move responded to the successes of the British in China in 1842, and France hoped to counterbalance these successes by accessing China from the south. The pretext however was to support British efforts in China, and to fight the persecution of French missionaries in Vietnam.
In 1845, Cécille was dispatched to Vietnam in order to obtain the release of Bishop Dominique Lefèbvre, who had been condemned to death (the request for the intervention of the French Navy had been transmitted to Cécille by Captain John Percival of the USS "Constitution").
In 1847, Cécille sent two warships ("Gloire" and "Victorieuse") under Captains Lapierre and Rigault de Genouilly to Đà Nẵng (Tourane) in Vietnam to obtain the liberation of two imprisoned French missionaries, Bishop Dominique Lefèbvre (imprisoned for a second time as he had re-entered Vietnam secretly) and Duclos, and freedom of worship for Catholics in Vietnam. As negotiations drew on without results, on April 15, 1847, a fight named the Bombardment of Đà Nẵng erupted between the French fleet and Vietnamese ships, three of them being sunk as a result. The French fleet then sailed away.
Territorial conquest.
In 1858, Charles Rigault de Genouilly attacked Vietnam under the orders of Napoleon III following the failed mission of diplomat Charles de Montigny. His stated mission was to stop the persecution of Catholic missionaries in the country and assure the unimpeded propagation of the faith. Rigault de Genouilly, with 14 French gunships, 3,000 men and 300 Filipino troops provided by the Spanish, attacked the port of Đà Nẵng in 1858, causing significant damages, and occupying the city. After a few months, Rigault had to leave the city due to supply issues and illnesses.
Conquest of Cochinchina (1862–1874).
Sailing south, De Genouilly then accomplished the Capture of Saigon, a poorly defended city, on 18 February 1859. De Genouilly was criticized for his actions and was replaced by Admiral Page in November 1859, with instructions to obtain a treaty protecting the Roman Catholic faith in Vietnam, but not to try to obtain territorial gains. Due to the resumption of fighting in China during the Second Opium War, Admiral Page had to divert most of his force to China, to support Admiral Charner there. In April 1860, Page was recalled to France and replaced by captain d’Aries. The Franco-Spanish force in Saigon, now only numbering about 1,000, was besieged by about 10,000 Vietnamese forces from March 1860 to February 1861. Finally, following the French victory in China at the Battle of Palikao, reinforcements of 70 ships under Admiral Charner and 3,500 soldiers under General Vassoigne were dispatched to Saigon, so that the French were able to defeat the besieging Vietnamese at the battle of Chin Hoa (Ky Hoa) on 25 February 1861. Admiral Bonnard forced the entrance of the Mekong river, and seized Mỹ Tho.
On 13 April 1862, the Vietnamese government was forced to negotiate and officially cede the territories of Biên Hòa, Gia Định and Định Tường to France in the 1862 Treaty of Saigon, confirmed by the Treaty of Huế (1863).
An embassy was sent to France under Phan Thanh Giản in 1863, to try to recover the territories lost to France. Although Napoleon III initially accepted Phan Thanh Giản's plea, the agreement was finally canceled in 1864, under pressure from Napoleon's cabinet led by the Minister of the Navy and the Colonies Chasseloup-Laubat.
In 1864, all the French territories in southern Vietnam were declared to be the new French colony of Cochinchina. In 1866, France started the exploration of the Mekong river, with the objective of reaching the riches of China, under Ernest Doudart de Lagrée and Francis Garnier. They reached the Yunnan, discovering that the Mekong was not navigable as far as China. They found out instead that the Song-Koï river in Tonkin would be a good alternative.
In 1867 the provinces of Châu Đốc, Hà Tiên and Vĩnh Long were added to French-controlled territory by admiral La Grandière. Admiral Dupré became Governor of Cochinchina. The Vietnamese Emperor formally recognized French dominion over Cochinchina in 1874, in the 1874 Treaty of Saigon, negotiated by Paul-Louis-Félix Philastre.
Protectorate over Annam and Tonkin (1883).
In 1873, Francis Garnier was put in charge of an expedition to Tonkin, with the mission of protecting French interests there, following the troubles encountered by the French trader Jean Dupuis. Garnier disembarked in Hanoi on 3 November 1873, but negotiations were not forthcoming. On November 20, Garnier made an assault of the Hanoi citadelle, and pacified the delta, with nine officers, 175 men and two gunboats. The Black Flags resisted the French intrusion, entering into a guerrilla that led to the killing of Garnier on 21 December 1873.
In March 1882, Captain Henri Rivière again visited Hanoi with three gunboats and 700 men in order to obtain a trade agreement. Following some provocations, Rivière captured Hanoi in April 1882. Again the Black Flags counter-attacked, and Rivière was killed in May 1883 in the Battle of Paper Bridge, leading to a huge movement in favour of a massive armed intervention in France. Credits were voted for, and a large force of 4,000 men and 29 warships (including 4 ironclads) was sent. Admiral Amédée Courbet would be leading the force in Tonkin, while Admiral Meyer would operate in China.
Following a failed ultimatum, on 18–19 August 1883, Courbet bombarded the forts of the capital of Huế. The forts were occupied on the 20th. The gunboats "Lynx" and "Vipère" reached the capital. On August 25, the Vietnamese court accepted to sign the Treaty of Hué (1883), A French protectorate over the remaining of Vietnam (Annam and Tonkin) was recognized through the treaty,
Tonkin Campaign (1883–85) and Sino-French War (1884–85).
The next objective of the French was to take full control of the Tonkin. In October 1883, Courbet was placed in command of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps. In December 1883, he led the Sơn Tây Campaign against the Black Flags. French casualties were heavy (83 dead and 320 wounded), but the Black Flags were very weakened as a result of the campaign.
The Bắc Ninh Campaign (March 1884) was one of a series of clashes between French and Chinese forces in Tonkin (northern Vietnam) in the period. The campaign, which lasted from 6 to 24 March, resulted in the French capture of Bắc Ninh and the complete defeat of China's Guangxi Army.
China, the traditional overlord of Vietnam, kept contesting French influence in the area and was supporting Annam as well as the Black Flags on its territory at the frontier with Tonkin. Although a treaty had been signed between France and China (11 May 1884 the Tientsin Accord) promising Chinese evacuation from Tonkin, military confrontations continued as in the Bắc Lệ ambush (June 1884). These tensions led to the Sino-French War (1884–85), which ultimately forced China to totally disengage from Vietnam and confirmed the French possessions.
French Indochina (1887-1954).
French Indochina was officially formed in October 1887 from Annam, Tonkin, Cochinchina (which together form modern Vietnam) and the Kingdom of Cambodia following the Sino-French war (1884–1885). Jean Antoine Ernest Constans became the first Governor-General of French Indochina on 16 November 1887. Laos was added after the Franco-Siamese War of 1893.
The federation lasted until 1954. In the four protectorates, the French formally left the local rulers in power, who were the Emperors of Vietnam, Kings of Cambodia, and Kings of Luang Prabang, but in fact gathered all powers in their hands, the local rulers acting only as heads.
Indochina war and Vietnamese independence (1954).
Vietnam obtained independence following the First Indochina War. In 1945, Hồ Chí Minh declared an independent Democratic Republic of Vietnam, which was recognized by the fellow Communist governments of China and the Soviet Union. Fighting lasted until March 1954, when the Việt Minh won the decisive victory against French forces at the grueling Battle of Điện Biên Phủ. This led to the partition of Vietnam into the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in the north, under Việt Minh control, and the State of Vietnam in the south, which had the support of the United States, the United Kingdom, and France. It was at the 1954 Geneva Conference that France relinquished any claim to territory in the Indochinese peninsula. Laos and Cambodia also became independent in 1954, but were both drawn into the Vietnam War.
The events of 1954 marked the end of French involvement in the region, and the beginnings of serious U.S. commitment to South Vietnam which led to the Vietnam War.

</doc>
<doc id="19201125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201125" title="Tracey Ullman Takes On New York">
Tracey Ullman Takes On New York

Tracey Ullman Takes On New York is a comedy special starring actress-comedian Tracey Ullman. "New York" was Ullman's first project for HBO. The special helped launch the series "Tracey Takes On...".
Summary.
The Johnsons.
Couple, Penny and Gordon Johnson, travel to New York to attend a Broadway show, which happens to be starring Linda Granger. Penny and Gordon get separated from each other in the city, and both experience two different sides of New York: Penny, the good. Gordon, the bad. Penny is even chosen to model for a fashion photographer. After Linda Granger gets hit by a bus, Penny is chosen to replace her in the show.
Family Reunion.
"Tracey Ullman: A Class Act" character, Janie Pillsworth, now an adult, works as a magazine fashion editor. Pillsworth, who disowned her parents as a young girl, is reunited with them during an interview. Janie, although mortified at first, reconciles with them and decides to put them on the cover of her magazine's next issue.
The Rosenthal Affair.
Harry and Fern Rosenthal welcome their daughter's future in-laws to the city. Fern becomes jealous of her future son-in-law's mother, and begins to suspect that she is trying to steal her daughter away from her.
Awards.
Wins.
American Comedy Awards
Emmy Awards
WGA Awards
DVD release.
"Tracey Ullman Takes On New York" acts as a bonus feature on "Tracey Takes On... Complete Season 1" DVDs.

</doc>
<doc id="19201126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201126" title="M.Karuppampatti">
M.Karuppampatti

M. Karuppampatti is a village in Tiruchirappalli district, Musiri Taluk, Thathaiyangarpet union, Mettupalayam, Tiruchirappalli town panchayat in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="19201173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201173" title="Alberto De Martino">
Alberto De Martino

Alberto De Martino (born 12 June 1929) is an Italian film director and screenwriter. He directed 28 films between 1962 and 1985 and also wrote for 23 films between 1959 and 1985.
He was born in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19201193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201193" title="Telepassport Telecommunications">
Telepassport Telecommunications

Telepassport Telecommunications (Cyprus) Ltd was established in April 2002 and is a private telecommunication operator offering all fixed telephone services. With the partial deregulation of the Telecommunication market in Cyprus and having secured the relevant license from the office of the Commissioner of Electronic Communications & Postal Regulation (OCECPR) the company commenced providing fixed telephone services to the Cyprus public via a technologically advanced telecommunications network.
MyNet.
MyNet is the name given to the internet packages of the company

</doc>
<doc id="19201203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201203" title="Henry Pierrepont (politician)">
Henry Pierrepont (politician)

Sir Henry Pierrepont (1546 – 19 March 1615) was an English MP who resided at Holme Pierrepont, Nottinghamshire.
Family.
He was the son of Sir George Pierrepont and succeeded him in 1564. His mother remarried Sir Gervase Clifton.
He married Frances Cavendish, daughter of the Rt. Hon. Sir William Cavendish and Elizabeth Hardwick.
The children were:
Life.
He was elected as Member of Parliament for Nottinghamshire in 1572, and then took up a series of local appointments, becoming a Justice of the Peace around 1573, High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire in 1575–76 and 1601–02, and Recorder of Nottingham in 1603. He was knighted in April 1603.
Memorial.
His memorial is in St. Edmund's Church, Holme Pierrepont.

</doc>
<doc id="19201206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201206" title="Showoff (album)">
Showoff (album)

Showoff is Showoff's self-titled album and their first major label record, released on Maverick Records.
Track listing.
This album features "Falling Star", which received airplay on MTV in 1999.
The song "Spill" was featured on the soundtrack for Digimon the Movie.
The song "Coalition" was featured on the PS2 game Street Skater 2.
The song "The Anti-Song" features vocals by John Feldmann of Goldfinger.
Hidden track includes the song "Hey".

</doc>
<doc id="19201213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201213" title="Frank Waddey">
Frank Waddey

Frank Orum Waddey (August 21, 1905 – October 21, 1990) was a Major League Baseball player. Waddey played in one season, for the St. Louis Browns in the 1931 season. He had six hits, two RBIs and three runs scored in 14 games. He batted and threw left-handed. 
An alumnus of the Georgia School of Technology, Waddey was born in Memphis, Tennessee and died in Knoxville, Tennessee. He married Alberta Gilbertson in 1930. He was a member of the Delta Sigma Phi Fraternity and the ANAK Society while at Georgia Tech, as well as the varsity baseball and football teams from 1927-1929.

</doc>
<doc id="19201218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201218" title="Ansty Hall">
Ansty Hall

Ansty Hall is a 17th-century country house, situated at Ansty, near Rugby, Warwickshire, which is occupied as an hotel operated by Macdonald Hotels Ltd. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The Manor of Ansty was owned by the Stanhope family from 1406. It was sold in 1506 to the Earl of Shrewsbury who donated it to the Dean of St George's, Windsor and was let out on lease until 1659 when it was purchased by Richard Tayler. 
The old manor was replaced by Edward Tayler in 1678 with a seven-bayed, two-storey mansion. On the death of a later Edward Tayler in 1799 the property passed to his nephew Simon Adams, a barrister and Recorder of Daventry. In 1800 Adams remodeled the house adding a third storey to the main block, with a pediment over the central three bays, and two one-bayed wings, so creating a Carolean style entrance front. Later extensions were added to the south east in the mid and late 19th century.
Henry Cadwallader Adams (1779-1842) was Mayor of Coventry in 1836 and High Sheriff of Warwickshire in 1837. His nephew and namesake Henry Cadwallader Adams (1817-1899) was a children's writer. 
Descendants of the Adams family remained in residence until 1965. More recently the property has been restored and converted for use as an hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="19201250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201250" title="Britz (disambiguation)">
Britz (disambiguation)

Britz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19201257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201257" title="Catacombs of London">
Catacombs of London

The catacombs of London are a series of subterranean spaces in London, United Kingdom. The city's high water table limits subterranean construction.
There has been a long tradition of burial under the floors of churches, and during the period of new church construction in the Victorian era many were provided with vaults or crypts under the main structure. 
There are several purpose-built crypts/catacombs, including those of the West Norwood Cemetery, which has a remarkable collection of historic monuments on a landscaped hill. The catacombs, opened in 1837, were built below chapels and included a group of 95 vaults with private and shared loculi with a capacity of 3500 coffins. Another large underground catacomb was built at Kensal Green Cemetery and a smaller one at Nunhead Cemetery.
Several other cemeteries were given aboveground burial structures which they described as catacombs, including Brompton Cemetery and Highgate Cemetery.
The Camden catacombs are an extensive range of passages largely underneath what later became the Camden markets, constructed in the 19th century, which were originally used as stables for horses and pit ponies working on the railways. The catacombs also included an underground pool for canal boats.
The Clerkenwell catacombs are a complex of tunnels originally situated beneath the Clerkenwell House of Detention, and once contained 286 prison cells. The prison is long gone, replaced by the Hugh Myddelton School, but the catacombs remain. Although the space was once open to the public as a minor tourist attraction, it is now only accessible to film crews and the occasional private event. 

</doc>
<doc id="19201258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201258" title="James Boadu">
James Boadu

James Kwaku Boadu (born January 24, 1985 in Tafo) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for New Edubiase United.
Career.
He is a young striker and has represented Ghana at youth level. He previously played for Berekum Arsenal before he moved to Kessben F.C. in 2007, at youth level he played for Champions FC. In summer of 2008 he transferred to the Turkish club, Gençlerbirliği S.K.. After playing last season with Hacettepe Spor Kulübü on loan from Gençlerbirliği S.K..
KS Vllaznia.
It was reported that Boadu will return to Turkey and play for Genclerbirligi or Trabzonspor, who showed a lot of interest in the players services, but Boadu was happy to stay in Albania and keep playing on for Vllaznia.
Ghana.
Boadu turned in summer 2009 back to his former club Kessben F.C., who scored in his debut game on 19 October 2009 against King Faisal Babes the second goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19201270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201270" title="University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust">
University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust

University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (UCLH) is an NHS foundation trust based in London, United Kingdom. It comprises the Eastman Dental Hospital, The Heart Hospital, the Hospital for Tropical Diseases, the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, the Royal London Hospital for Integrated Medicine, the Royal National Throat, Nose and Ear Hospital, the UCH Macmillan Cancer Centre and University College Hospital.
The Trust has an annual turnover of around £630 million and employs approximately 6,000 staff. Each year its hospitals treat over 500,000 outpatients appointments and admit over 100,000 patients. In partnership with University College London, UCLH has major research activities is part of the UCLH/UCL Comprehensive Biomedical Research Centre and the UCL Partners academic health science centre. Its hospitals are also major teaching centres and offer training for nurses, doctors and other health care professionals in partnership with City University London, London South Bank University and UCL Medical School.
History.
The hospitals which now form part of UCLH or which contributed to its development were all originally established as charities which relied on public donations and subscriptions for their income. The oldest of these was the Middlesex Hospital, which was founded in 1745 and was one of the five voluntary general hospitals which were established in London during the 18th century (the others being Westminster Hospital (1719), Guy's Hospital (1721), St George's Hospital (1733), and the Royal London Hospital (1740)).
20th century.
In 1948 the National Health Service was established, making most hospitals in the UK directly controlled by Government and funded by public taxation. Hospitals were grouped together into regional hospital management committees or teaching hospital groups. Following major NHS reforms UCL Hospitals NHS Trust was established in 1994, comprising the Middlesex Hospital, the Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Hospital, the Hospital for Tropical Diseases and University College Hospital. In 1996 The Eastman Dental Hospital and the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery joined the UCLH NHS Trust.
21st century.
In August 2001 the private The Heart Hospital was acquired by UCLH and became the new home for all of the Trust's cardiac services, which had previously been housed in the Middlesex Hospital. In 2002 the Royal London Homeopathic Hospital joined UCLH and in July 2004 UCLH was one of the first NHS trusts to be granted foundation trust status.
In 2005 the new University College Hospital building was opened and all activities from the Middlesex Hospital were moved into the new building. The Middlesex Hospital was closed in December 2005 and the site sold to developers. In November 2009 the University College Hospital Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Wing was opened and most activities from the Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Hospital were moved into the new building. In April 2007 the Trust formed the UCLH/UCL National Institute for Health Research Comprehensive Biomedical Research Centre in partnership with UCL and the National Institute for Health Research. In August 2008 the Trust announced its intention to form the UCL Partners academic health science centre with UCL, Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Trust, Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and Royal Free Hampstead NHS Trust. In February 2009 Professor Sir Cyril Chantler was appointed as the first Chair of UCL Partners and it was officially designated as an academic health science centre by the UK Department of Health in March 2009.
Organisation.
UCLH has a Board of Directors comprising twelve statutory members including the Chairman (currently Richard Murley) and Chief Executive (currently Sir Robert Naylor) of the Trust. The role of the Board is to:
UCLH also has a Governing Body which helps the Trust to develop and shape its services, to improve communication between the Trust's members, patients and local communities, and influences Trust decisions. The Governing Body is composed of 33 governors, 23 of whom are elected by the Trust's patient, public and staff members, of whom three represent the local public, 14 represent patients and six represent Trust staff. 10 other governors are appointed by local partner organisations including the Primary Care Trust and UCL. Elections to the Governing Body are held each year.
Research.
In partnership with University College London, UCLH has major research activities and is part of the UCLH/UCL Comprehensive Biomedical Research Centre.
UCLH is also a founding member of UCL Partners, the largest academic health science partnership in Europe, which comprises University College London, Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Trust, Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, the Royal Free Hampstead NHS Trust and UCLH.
Each of the UCLH hospitals has close research links with the UCL School of Life & Medical Sciences and its institutes and centres.
Teaching.
UCL Medical School provides core medical education at three UCLH hospitals - the Heart Hospital, the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery and University College Hospital. UCLH also has close training and education links with City University London and London South Bank University.

</doc>
<doc id="19201273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201273" title="Waikiki (band)">
Waikiki (band)

Waikiki were a rock group from Sydney, Australia, consisting of sister and brother Juanita Stein (bass/vocals) and Joel Stein (guitar/vocals), and Glenn Moule (drums) and Jimmy (or Jimmeh) Brandon (guitar). A new bass player Brendan Picchio joined the band in early 2003, replacing Brandon, with Juanita Stein moving from bass to rhythm guitar. In August 2003, Joel Stein explained the impact Picchio had made on the group. He told Radio Adelaide's Hermione Gilchrist that the new bassist was "the missing piece to the puzzle", adding, "he's what we've been looking for since we started."
In early 2004 the group disbanded, moved to London and re-formed as Howling Bells. 
"Waikiki" released one album, "I'm Already Home", in 2002. Their single, "Here Comes September", placed 36th on the 2002 Triple J Hottest 100 poll. They released three further singles and a five-track EP.
Discography.
Albums.
"I'm Already Home" (2002, AUS #43)
Track listing:
Extended Players.
"Presents..." (2000, AUS)
Track listing:
Singles.
"Here Comes September" (2002, AUS #38)
Track listing:
"New Technology" (2002, AUS)
Track listing:
"Lucky" (2002, AUS)
Track listing:
"Complicated" (2003, AUS)
Track listing:
Compilations.
"Hits From The Box: An Aristotles Box Compilation" (2000, AUS)
Contributed track:
7. "Bracelet" - 4:00

</doc>
<doc id="19201274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201274" title="Balkantourist">
Balkantourist

Balkantourist () is the oldest existing Bulgarian tour operator, established on 6 January 1948 as a state-owned government monopoly in what was then the People's Republic of Bulgaria. Privatized in 1995, it has continued to exist in the post-1989 conditions of market economy.
Balkantourist was founded as a self-supporting enterprise, part of the Ministry of Railways, during the government of Georgi Dimitrov. With a starting capital of 300 million leva, its initial service was to compensate Czechoslovakia's enterprises in Bulgaria that were nationalized after the Bulgarian coup d'état of 1944 by offering holidays on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast to Czechoslovakian citizens. As the war reparations imposed on Bulgaria after World War II made the country unable to compensate Czechoslovakia financially, Czechoslovakian leader Klement Gottwald suggested the idea.
In the following decades, Balkantourist gradually expanded its business to include mountain and cultural tourism in Bulgaria, as well as service tourists from other countries of the Eastern Bloc besides Czechoslovakia: the Soviet Union, East Germany, Poland, Hungary, Romania. Balkantourist played a major role in the establishment of planned seaside resorts such as Golden Sands and Sunny Beach, and Bulgaria's policy of international tourism as a profitable branch inspired other socialist countries such as Yugoslavia and Romania to develop their own seaside resorts.
After the democratic changes in 1989, Balkantourist was privatized in 1995 by the Bulgarian Tourist Holding. As of 2008, it offers holidays in Bulgaria and in more than 35 destinations abroad. The company owns Grand Hotel Varna, the Lebed, Rubin, Delfin, Delfin Marina, Paradise Beach and International hotels on the Black Sea coast, Hotel Rila in Borovets, Arbanasi Palace and Grand Hotel Bulgaria in Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="19201276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201276" title="Edmondo Amati">
Edmondo Amati

Edmondo Amati (1920 – 2002) was an Italian film producer. He produced 55 films between 1964 and 1984. He was born in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19201285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201285" title="D31">
D31

D31 or D.31 may refer to :
and also:

</doc>
<doc id="19201298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201298" title="Standard Written Form">
Standard Written Form

The Standard Written Form or SWF () of the Cornish language is an orthography standard that is designed to "provide public bodies and the educational system with a universally acceptable, inclusive, and neutral orthography".
The new form was agreed in May 2008 after two years of negotiations between proponents of different varieties of Cornish. The SWF was influenced by Unified Cornish, Kernewek Kemmyn, Unified Cornish Revised, Modern Cornish ("Revived Late Cornish"), Kernewek Dasunys and Kernowek Standard. The agreement means that Cornish will become officially accepted and funded, with support from the UK government and the European Union. In a need for stability, the Standard Written Form will not be altered until 2013.
The negotiating teams comprised Andrew Climo, Rod Lyon, Bernard Deacon, Mina Dresser, Pol Hodge, Loveday Jenkin, George Ansell and Polin Prys. The negotiations were chaired by Trond Trosterud, and supported by Albert Bock, Ben Bruch and Jenefer Lowe.
In June 2009, the Gorsedh Kernow voted overwhelmingly to adopt the Standard Written Form.
In 2013 the SWF will be reviewed so that people who have been using the new orthography can identify any problems or issues, and implement solutions accordingly. The review process is open for comments and proposals from Cornish users, and the findings of the Review Board will be published late in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19201314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201314" title="Science and technology in Europe">
Science and technology in Europe

Europe's achievements in science and technology have been significant and research and development efforts form an integral part of the European economy. Europe has been the home of some of the most prominent researchers in various scientific disciplines, notably physics, mathematics, chemistry and engineering. Scientific research in Europe is supported by industry, by the European universities and by several scientific institutions. The raw output of scientific research from Europe consistently ranks among the world's best.
Historical overview.
Although the European Union was only founded in 1958, the tradition of scientific research in Europe is much older and can be traced back to the scientific revolution. Europe is home to some of the world's oldest universities, such as the University of Bologna, although the oldest European universities were, at the time of their foundation, more centered on philosophy, theology and law than on science.
Institutions.
The European Institute of Innovation and Technology.
Regulation came into force on 29 April 2008. The European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) intends to be a new flagship research university for excellence in higher education, research and innovation. The initial concept for a European Institute of Technology was based on the example of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and its combination of world class education, research, and deep engagement in effective innovation processes. On 18 June 2008, Budapest, Hungary was chosen by the EU nations to host the headquarters of the institute.
The Governing Board of the EIT met on 16 December 2008 in Budapest to designate the first three Knowledge and Innovation Communities (KICs).
Sustainable energy - Co-location centres :
Karlsruhe, Kraków, Grenoble, Eindhoven/Leuven, Barcelona, Stockholm
Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation - Co-location centres:
London, Zurich, Berlin metropolitan area, Paris metropolitan area, Randstad metropolitan area
Future information and communication society - Co-location centres:
Berlin, Eindhoven, Helsinki, Paris and Stockholm

</doc>
<doc id="19201315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201315" title="Richard Mpong">
Richard Mpong

Richard Mpong (born 4 July 1990 in Tarkwa) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Premier League club Asante Kotoko.
Club career.
All Blacks FC.
He signed with Ghanaian club All Blacks FC in the 2006–2007 season. Mpong played for All Blacks until 2008.
Medeama SC.
Then he joined Kessben FC. In January 2011, the club changed their name and were renamed Medeama SC.
Asante Kotoko.
In July 2012, Mpong signed contract with Asante Kotoko.
International career.
Ghana national under-17 team.
Mpong represented the Ghana national under-17 football team at the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Korea Republic.
Ghana national under-23 team.
Mpong was a member of the Ghana national under-23 football team that won Ghana's first All-Africa Games football Gold medal in the Football at the 2011 All-Africa Games when they defeated South Africa national under-23 football team 4–2 on penalty shoot-out at the Estádio do Zimpeto in Maputo, Mozambique on 17 September 2011.
Ghana national team.
Mpong received an International friendly match call-up by the Ghana national football team technical staff for the Ghana national football team vs. Chile national football team friendly match at the PPL Park in Chester, Pennsylvania, United States on 29 February 2012. Mpong came on in the 18th Minute as a substitute and scored against Chile after receiving a pass from Sulley Muntari.

</doc>
<doc id="19201338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201338" title="Ester Ringnér-Lundgren">
Ester Ringnér-Lundgren

Ester Ringnér-Lundgren (4 October 1907, Norrköping - 26 July 1993) was a Swedish writer who wrote books for children and youth. A few of her books were published in Great Britain.
Titles of the books are: Little Trulsa, Little Trulsa's teaparty, Little Trulsa's secret and Little Trulsa's birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19201353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201353" title="R285 road (Ireland)">
R285 road (Ireland)

The R285 road is a regional road in Ireland linking the N4 at a point east of Boyle, County Roscommon to the R280 at Mountallen. The road lies entirely within County Roscommon.
En route it passes through Knockvicar and Keadue. The road is long.

</doc>
<doc id="19201363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201363" title="Michele Lupo">
Michele Lupo

Michele Lupo (4 December 1932 – 27 June 1989), was an Italian film director. He directed 23 films between 1962 and 1982.
He was born in Corleone, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19201368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201368" title="Ainger">
Ainger

Ainger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19201385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201385" title="Luke Stuart (baseball)">
Luke Stuart (baseball)

Luther Lane Stuart (May 23, 1892 in Alamance County, North Carolina – June 15, 1947 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina), was a Major League Baseball player who appeared in three games as a second baseman in for the St. Louis Browns. Stuart and Johnnie LeMaster are the only players to hit an inside-the-park home run in their first Major League Baseball at bat.
Death.
Stuart committed suicide by gunshot.

</doc>
<doc id="19201395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201395" title="Peter Rolfe Vaughan">
Peter Rolfe Vaughan

Peter Rolfe Vaughan, BSc, PhD, DSc, ACGI, DIC, FREng, FICE, FCGI, MASCE, FGS, (born 10 March 1935; died 16 May 2008) was Emeritus Professor of Ground Engineering in the Geotechnics department of Imperial College London.
Biography.
Vaughan was born in Limbury near Luton, Bedfordshire in the UK on 10 March 1935, the son of Ernest Alfred Vaughan, a civil servant, and Clarise Marjory Ward, a school teacher, and was educated at Luton Grammar School before going on to do a Bsc at Imperial College. He played rugby for his school, the college and for the Luton Grammar School old boys team. 
He graduated in 1956 and went to work for two years for Sandeman Kennard & Partners as an assistant engineer on the design of various dams in the north of England before returning to Imperial to do a diploma course in Soil Mechanics. He received his PhD in 1963 at Imperial College for his research on the instrumentation of earthworks (thesis title "Field measurements in earth dams" under the supervision of Alan W. Bishop) before going to work in Africa in 1964, where he was supervising engineer on the construction of the embankments of the Kainji Dam in Nigeria.
He continued to mix working in the academic environment of Imperial College with working on engineering projects in the real world for his entire career. He was project engineer for Cow Green Embankment Dam and the Balderhead Dam in the late sixties and lecturer, senior lecturer then reader in the Soil Mechanics Section of Imperial College in the seventies and eighties, becoming Professor of Ground Engineering in 1987 and emeritus professor on his retirement in 1996. During this time he carried out extensive research in subjects such as the properties of weak rocks, stiff clays, residual and other structured soils. He was an internationally recognised expert in the design and deterioration of earthworks and fills, embankment dams and natural or man-made slopes. His expertise also included seepage, residual strength and pore pressure measurement and its interpretation. His academic post at Imperial included supervising more than twenty PhD programmes and publishing some 80 papers on technical subjects. He was also an acclaimed and amusing lecturer, having given numerous lectures to international conferences and the Rankine Lecture to the British Geotechnical Society in 1994. An example of his style is given in an article published in the Guardian on Wednesday 1 February 2006:
""Much seems to depend on words; many people seem to think "reservoir" a rather unpleasant one, and Hattersley admits that he was one. My advice to any reservoir promoter is never say "reservoir", say "lake". Even better, say "wetland habitat". Better still, promote it as a leisure amenity. ("There will be bird watching, cycling, fishing, picnicking, sailing and walking and you can get it all for free if we sometimes sell some of the water to the local water undertaking.") If all else fails, ask for some extra land beside it, cut the grass short, plant 18 little flags and call it a "lateral water hazard".""
Peter Vaughan was an active consultant throughout his career. One of the founding members of Geotechnical Consulting Group he gave specialist advice to consulting firms, contractors, utilities and public authorities on a wide range of problems, such as the reconstruction of Carsington Dam after its failure during construction, and Roadford Dam, where he was a member of the Advisory Panel. He was involved with a review of dam performance for Ardleigh Dam, Essex, a safety review for Mica Dam, Canada, and the rehabilitation of the three dams of the Cascade of Dauga in Latvia for which he was a member of the Advisory Panel. He was involved extensively with the rehabilitation of old clay embankments for London Underground Limited. 
He travelled widely on both consultancy work and giving lectures to international engineering bodies. His spare time was taken up with fly fishing and enjoying fine wines, good food and better company. A very generous associate, colleague or friend, he never married and he died of a heart attack at his home in Sufolk on 16 May 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19201399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201399" title="Ahmed Mohamed Hassan (pilot)">
Ahmed Mohamed Hassan (pilot)

Ahmed Mohamed Hassan (, ) is a former Somali airforce pilot known for his refusal to bombard Somalia's second capital Hargeysa during the dictatorial rule of Mohamed Siyad Barre. He hails from the Abgaal clan.

</doc>
<doc id="19201400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201400" title="Gene Hasson">
Gene Hasson

Charles Eugene Hasson (July 20, 1915 in Connellsville, Pennsylvania – July 30, 2003 in Pomona, California) was a Major League Baseball infielder from - for the Philadelphia Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="19201402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201402" title="Wycliffe and the Four Jacks">
Wycliffe and the Four Jacks

Wycliffe and the Four Jacks (1985) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
The reclusive writer David Cleeve has been receiving mysterious warnings in the form of a single playing card; the Jack of Diamonds. When the card arrives torn in half one day, a murder is committed that same evening.
Holidaying in the local area, Wycliffe finds himself drawn into the investigation and soon uncovers a sinister tale of double murder, arson attacks and a whole host of other crimes reverberating down the years.

</doc>
<doc id="19201418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201418" title="Wings of Victory">
Wings of Victory

Wings of Victory is the 50th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1992 (see 1992 in music).
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)
Singles - CCM charts (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19201424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201424" title="Actis Capital">
Actis Capital

Actis Capital LLP (commonly known as Actis) is a private equity firm focused on investments in emerging markets in Africa, China, India, Latin America, and South East Asia. Actis has over 100 investment professionals located in nine countries around the emerging markets.
Actis was formed in July 2004, as a spinout of CDC Group plc (formerly the Commonwealth Development Corporation), an organization established by the UK Government in 1948 to invest in developing economies in Africa, Asia, and the Caribbean. The Actis management team acquired majority ownership of CDC's emerging markets investment platform.
Actis has US$4.5 billion of capital under management across three global emerging markets funds and a series of smaller, focused regional funds. Actis closed its Actis Emerging Markets 3 fund with $2.9 billion of investor commitments. The fund was launched in September 2007 with an original target of $2.5 billion. CDC remains an active sponsor of Actis' investment activities, committing $650 million to the firm's third fund.
History.
Actis was created in 2004 as a spinout from CDC Group and a 60% stake was sold to CDC managers and staff for a total consideration of £373,000. The new company was given a five-year 'umbrella' guarantee that it would continue to manage all CDC's existing overseas investments totalling $900 million in CDC funds. According to the UK's Department for International Development, the price was agreed after a valuation by financial advisers KPMG. Under the 2004 deal that created Actis, if the company was to be sold on the open market within 10 years, 80% of the profits and proceeds would go back to the government.
In 2007, UK prime minister Gordon Brown came under attack over the sell-off of Actis after it became apparent that the formerly government-owned business had made millions of pounds for its former employees.
On 1 May 2012 the Secretary of State for International Development, Andrew Mitchell, announced that the state's remaining 40% stake had been sold to the Actis management for an initial £8m. The deal also included a share of future profits that could be worth over £62m to the UK Government.
In August 2013, Actis acquired the South African firm Transaction Capital’s payment services unit, Paycorp, for $95 million.
In October 2013, the firm announced it had invested $48 million in the Indian pharmaceuticals company Symbiotec Pharmalab for a "significant stake".

</doc>
<doc id="19201427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201427" title="Innocence of Lizette">
Innocence of Lizette

Innocence of Lizette is a 1916 American silent comedy-drama film directed by James Kirkwood. It was one of the few films of Mary Miles Minter which survived. The film was restored in the Netherlands in 2004. and is shown in several European film festivals.
Plot.
Lizette (Mary Miles Minter) is an orphan girl who is known to be very innocent. One day, the wealthy Henry Fauer (Eugene Forde) adopts her after seeing her selling news papers. She is now raised in his enormous mansion and is introduced to the posh life. Lizette, however, doesn't know how to deal with it and has no idea about acting like a real society woman.
When Henry is out of town for business for a few months, Lizette finds a baby on her door step. Henry returns and Lizette says it's her own. Henry is shocked and realizes Lizette has no idea how babies are born. Lizette thinks they are a gift from heaven and really thinks the baby is hers. She is determined to raise the baby as her own and falls in love with a man. Henry gives her permission to marry him. Everything seems to be perfect, until the real mother of the baby shows up claiming the baby back.

</doc>
<doc id="19201428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201428" title="Bill Roman">
Bill Roman

William Anthony Roman (born October 11, 1938 in Detroit, Michigan) is a retired Major League Baseball player who was an infielder during – for the Detroit Tigers. He attended the University of Michigan, stood tall and weighed .
Roman hit a home run in his first Major League at bat, as a pinch hitter on September 30, 1964, against Jim Bouton of the New York Yankees. Although a standout hitter (.290) in Minor league baseball, Roman collected only five total hits during his two trials for the Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="19201429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201429" title="Greater Deyerle, Roanoke, Virginia">
Greater Deyerle, Roanoke, Virginia

Greater Deyerle is a Roanoke, Virginia neighborhood located in extreme southwest Roanoke. It borders the neighborhoods of Raleigh Court on the east, Cherry Hill on the north, the city of Salem on the west and Roanoke County on the south. Greater Deyerle is geographically the most western area of the city of Roanoke. 
Annexed from Roanoke County in 1976 in order to connect to the city's water/sewer service, the neighborhood is predominantly residential with commercial developments located at its edges. Although the majority of its development has occurred post World War Two, both the historic Belle Aire and Lone Oaks estates are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 

</doc>
<doc id="19201449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201449" title="Reggie Sanders (first baseman)">
Reggie Sanders (first baseman)

Reginald Jerome Sanders (September 9, 1949 in Birmingham, Alabama - January 27, 2002), was a Major League Baseball player. He played 26 games, mostly at first base, for the Detroit Tigers in .
Sanders died on January 27, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="19201475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201475" title="George Jumonville">
George Jumonville

George Benedict Jumonville (May 17, 1917 in Mobile, Alabama – December 12, 1996 in Mobile, Alabama) was a Major League Baseball player who played infielder from -. He would play for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="19201487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201487" title="Quittor">
Quittor

Quittor is an infection of the lower leg of equines, sometimes known as graveling. A condition once common in draft horses, it is characterized by inflammation of the cartilage of the lower leg. There are two forms, subcutaneous and cartilaginous. Quittor usually results from an injury to the leg, such as an abscess on the coronary band above the hoof, that allows foreign matter to get into the leg and then collect beneath the hoof, leading to an infection. In some cases, removing this matter requires cutting away parts of the hoof. Abscesses may also form inside the hoof capsule itself from improper shoeing and trimming of the hoof, from laminitis, or from injury to the sole of the hoof, but the horse will be significantly lame for a longer period of time if the infection migrates up to the coronary band rather than down. Treatment of hoof and coronary band abscesses today usually incorporates use of antibiotics, sometimes combined with poulticing.
Because use of draft horses has declined significantly, it is rarely encountered today. In the 1890 "International Cyclopedia", it was described as "a fistulous wound about the top of a horse's foot, and results from treads, pricks, or neglected corns, which lead to the formation of matter underneath the hoof. Any dead horn, matter, or other cause of irritation must be sought for by cutting away the hoof. A free opening must be provided for the egress of any pent-up matter. Poulticing for a few days is often useful; while healing may afterward be expedited by the injection of any mild astringent lotion."

</doc>
<doc id="19201492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201492" title="Marv Blaylock">
Marv Blaylock

Marvin Edward Blaylock (September 30, 1929 – October 23, 1993) was an American professional baseball player who appeared in 287 Major League games between and for the Philadelphia Phillies and New York Giants. A first baseman and outfielder, he was born in Fort Smith, Arkansas, threw and batted left-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Originally signed by the Giants in 1947, he appeared in only one Major League game for them, as a pinch hitter on September 26, 1950. Batting for pitcher Larry Jansen, Blaylock popped out to third baseman Billy Cox off Ralph Branca of the Brooklyn Dodgers. He then returned to the minor leagues for four full seasons, batting over .300 for the 1954 Syracuse Chiefs of the Triple-A International League, the top farm club of the Phillies, which earned him a second Major League trial.
He was the Phillies' most-used first baseman in both and . In 1955, he appeared in 113 games, starting 55 of them (with Earl Torgeson, Eddie Waitkus and Stan Lopata each starting more than 25 games at first for the team). Blaylock batted only .208 with three home runs that season. However, in 1956, he started 110 games at first, improved his batting average to .254, and hit ten home runs, fourth on the team.
But it was not enough production, and Blaylock lost his starting job to rookie Ed Bouchee in . He was sent down to the Triple-A Miami Marlins for 41 games before his recall in September 1957. In his final Major League at bat, Blaylock hit a pinch hit home run off René Valdés of the Dodgers in an 8–4 loss at Connie Mack Stadium. As a Major Leaguer, he had 175 total hits, including 21 doubles, 15 triples and 15 homers.
Blaylock was out of baseball in 1958 but returned for a final pro season in 1959 at the Double-A level with the Nashville Vols of the Southern Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19201493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201493" title="The What in the World? Quiz">
The What in the World? Quiz

The What in the World? Quiz is a British comedy panel game first broadcast on 5 September 2008 on Five. The show is hosted by Marcus Brigstocke and guest stars Lee Hurst and Dominic Holland as the team captains. The show asks questions themed on science and technology. The guests on the show are scientists and academic experts. After the first three episodes, the rest of the series was postponed. It will be moved to a new timeslot where another seven episodes will be broadcast.
Rounds.
"The What in the World? Quiz" is split into four different rounds.
1) World of Extremes: The panel are given three different things and have to guess which is the most extreme. For example, which of the three things is the fastest, the slowest or the most deadly. An award of 2 points is given for a right answer. If one side is wrong, the question goes to the other side for 1 point.
2) Time Bomb: The panel are presented with three different situations (The "Time Bombs"), each of which takes a different length of time. One side chooses which situation they think is the quickest. The other side then are asked rapid-fire questions (2 points each) for the length of the time of the situation chosen. For example, if the event takes 42 seconds to complete, they have 42 seconds to answer as many questions as possible.
3) Experimental: In this round, a team of scientists from Cambridge University called "The Naked Scientists" perform a scientific experiment. The panel then draw what they think will happen during the experiment. The panel are given up to 5 points depending on how accurate their drawing is, as judged by Brigstocke.
4) Factoid Frenzy: The panel are shown a video montage which contains a range of different facts. The panel have to try and remember as many facts as they can possbily can. After the video, the panel are all asked questions, the answers to which were all in the video. Right answers are awarded 3 points, while wrong answers result in a deduction of 3 points.
Reception.
The programme has received a mixed reception. The "Daily Mirror" wrote that, "While many of us moan about TV dumbing down, attempts like this to dumb-up, as it were, leave you confused about whether to start laughing or cramming."
However, the website UKGameShows.com were more critical, in particular of the "Factoid Frenzy" round. They said: "After being a quite tedious film of facts to remember, which takes the people off the screen and therefore is not the least bit entertaining, the teams buzz in to answer fairly straightforward questions on what they've just seen. It's not that clever and not that funny."
They also attacked the way the show was made saying, "its so dark that it looks like it's being lit by a bumper pack of Ikea tea lights. Most annoyingly, the added-after-the-event scoring box shown during the final round is in tiny writing, and, in a spectacularly bad bit of planning, clashes with the Five channel bug. Well done, lads!"
Episodes.
Originally there was meant to be six episode shown, but instead ten were made. Also, the original run was stopped on the 19 September 2008, with episodes four to ten broadcast in late 2009. The winners are indicated in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="19201495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201495" title="Gymnasterka">
Gymnasterka

Gymnasterka (also spelled "Gymnastiorka"; ) was a Russian military shirt-tunic comprising a pullover style garment with a standing collar having double button closure. In addition two upper chest pockets, with or without flaps may have been worn. It had provision for shoulder boards (epaulettes or shoulder straps) and sometimes reinforced elbows and cuffs. The M35 version had a stand and fall collar which was replaced with the standing collar in the M43 version. The Soviet Army M35 version had hidden buttons.
Origins.
The gymnasterka was originally introduced into the Tsarist army about 1870 for wear by regiments stationed in Turkestan during the hot summers. It took the form of a loose fitting white linen "shirt-tunic" and included the coloured shoulder-boards of the green tunic worn during the remainder of the year. The gymnasterka was taken into use by all branches of the Imperial Army at the time of the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78. Originally intended for working dress during peace-time and patterned on the traditional Russian peasant smock, the gymnasterka was subsequently adopted for ordinary duties and active service wear. It was worn as such by non-commissioned ranks in summer during the 1890s and early 1900s. The officers' equivalent was a white double breasted tunic or "kitel". During the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-05 the white gymnasterka with its red or blue shoulder-boards proved too conspicuous against modern weaponry and the garments were often dyed various shades of khaki. The smartness and comfort of the white gymnasterka enabled it to survive for a few more years of peacetime wear until a light khaki version was adopted in 1907-09 and worn during World War I.
Post-Revolution.
After the Russian Revolution of 1917, a new version of the gymnasterka with a stand-and-fall collar was issued to the Bolshevik forces, with three "razgovory" straps sown across the chest in branch colours. During the Russian Civil War, both the counter-revolutionary White Army and the Bolshevik Red Army wore gymnasterkas, White Army troops were issued with new black gynasterkas of the original Tsarist pattern, some of them wore old khaki-green or white ones, but all of them had shoulder-boards. The Bolshevik Red Army wore both original Tsarist pattern shirt-tunics and ones of a new model, with or without the coloured stripes, but some added with two breast pockets. The wide variety of uniforms worn by both sides during the Civil War arose from supply and production difficulties in the chaotic conditions of the time.
In 1924 the razgovory straps were abolished, and in 1935 the gymnasterka was modified to accommodate the reintroduction of personal ranks in the Red Army. The M35 version was slightly modified in 1 August 1941 after the experience of the Winter War, replacing the colorful rank collar tabs, with duller and subdued ones. In 1943 the traditional Tsarist version with stand collar and shoulder-boards was reintroduced, replacing the M35 gymnasterka. The M43 remained in service until the gymnasterka was finally abolished in 1969. 
The gymnasterka was also adopted by several Soviet satellite states such as Bulgaria, Mongolia, Albania, and North Korea. Enlisted soldiers in the North Korean Army continues to wear the gymnasterka as part of their field uniform. 
The Tsarist police also wore the white gymnasterka as a summer garment until 1917. Their successors, the Soviet Militsiya, continued to wear this traditional garment until the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="19201500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201500" title="Wycliffe's Wild Goose Chase">
Wycliffe's Wild Goose Chase

"Wycliffe's Wild Goose Chase" (1982) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
While taking a leisurely Sunday stroll along the West Country estuary, Wycliffe stumbles across a service revolver with one recently fired chamber. From these humble beginnings, he soon ends up embroiled in a world of shady art robberies, crooked dealers, a suspicious suicide and the hunt for a missing yacht...

</doc>
<doc id="19201514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201514" title="1998 Tennis Channel Open">
1998 Tennis Channel Open

The 1998 Tennis Channel Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States that was part of the International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. The tournament was held from March 2 through March 9, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19201516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201516" title="Dusty Allen">
Dusty Allen

Dusty Allen (August 9, 1972), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played infielder in . He would play for the Detroit Tigers and San Diego Padres.

</doc>
<doc id="19201522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201522" title="Christine Adjahi Gnimagnon">
Christine Adjahi Gnimagnon

Christine Adjahi Gnimagnon (born 1945) is an author from Benin.
Christine Adjahi was born in 1945 in Zounzonmey, a small village of Abomey, Bénin.

</doc>
<doc id="19201533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201533" title="Holme Pierrepont Hall">
Holme Pierrepont Hall

Holme Pierrepont Hall is a medieval hall in Holme Pierrepont near Nottingham. It is a Grade I listed building.
History.
The Pierrepont family have lived at Holme Pierrepont since around 1280, following the marriage of Henry de Pierrepont to Annora de Manvers. Originally the area was known only as Holme, but later adopted the family surname as a suffix.
The hall was built by Sir William Pierrepont around 1500. He was succeeded by Sir George Pierrepont (died 1564), Sir Henry Pierrepont (died 1616) and Sir Robert Pierrepont (died 1643), who was created 1st Earl of Kingston-upon-Hull. The north range of the house was rebuilt by the 1st Earl in 1628. His son Henry Pierrepont, 2nd Earl of Kingston-upon-Hull was created Marquess of Dorchester in 1645.
The family rose to be Dukes of Kingston in 1715, when the 5th Earl was created 1st Duke of Kingston-upon-Hull. By this time their principal seat was Thoresby Hall in the dukeries area on the other side of Nottingham, which the family had bought in 1633. Holme Pierrepont became a secondary house and was reduced in size. The 1st Earl's north range was demolished around 1730. After the Dukedom died out when the 2nd Duke died childless in 1773, the estate passed in 1788 to his nephew Charles Medows, a naval officer. Charles changed his surname to Pierrepont and was created 1st Earl Manvers in 1806. The 3rd Earl rebuilt the North Wing around 1870 and was succeeded by the 4th Earl.
The Hall was requisitioned for military purposes in both World Wars and left unoccupied between them. During the Second War it was used as a base for training young soldiers of the 70th (YS) Sherwood Foresters after which it was reoccupied by Lady Sibell Argles, sister of the 5th Earl. After her death in 1968 it was sold to her cousin Mrs Elizabeth Brackenbury, who with her husband Robin carried out a program of renovation, including in 1975 the removal of the exterior stucco to reveal the original brickwork. Their son Robert Brackenbury also lives in a separate quarters in the house with his wife Charlotte. 
The house is set in of parkland.
Current use.
Holme Pierrepont is regularly open to the public on a few days in February and March each year. All house opening details can be found on the website. The house is also now a luxury function venue, available for weddings and corporate events, and is used for filming and photo shoots.
Adjacent to the house is St. Edmund's Church, Holme Pierrepont.

</doc>
<doc id="19201556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201556" title="Ladybug Girl">
Ladybug Girl

Ladybug Girl is a children's picture book by David Soman and Jacky Davis.
Plot summary.
Lulu's family is busy and she has nothing to do. So she plays with her dog, Bingo. Lulu spends her time outside doing things such as saving ants from boulders, crossing puddles that could contain sharks, and building a fort for herself.
Reception.
A Kids Lit review says, "Captured in the illustrations are her sense of self and freedom. Lovely to see in a book for girls, Lulu is not squeamish and has a vivid imagination that keeps her more than busy enough while everyone is busy. The illustrations are full of movement, breeze and joy. They capture a day spent outside alone and the fun that can be found there. A Kirkus Reviews review says, "Amusing watercolor and line illustrations capture Lulu at her most bored and Ladybug Girl at her most adventurous. Ideal inspiration for little ones seeking empowerment." It is a best seller.

</doc>
<doc id="19201589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201589" title="Railway stations in Arbroath">
Railway stations in Arbroath

Arbroath railway station can refer to one of several railway stations in the town of Arbroath, Scotland — only the one now named simply Arbroath railway station is still in existence:

</doc>
<doc id="19201609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201609" title="Mitch Lyden">
Mitch Lyden

Mitchell Scott Lyden (December 14, 1964 in Portland, Oregon), is a retired professional baseball player who played catcher in the Major Leagues in . He would play for the Florida Marlins. On June 16, 1993, he hit a home run in his first major league at bat, against the Chicago Cubs; in fact, on the first pitch. In his 6 game major league career, he hit .300 (3-10) with 1 home run and 1 run batted in.
Following his professional baseball career, Mitchell has been a law enforcement officer in Broward County, Florida, as well as a coach for a division of Little League Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="19201623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201623" title="Immediacy">
Immediacy

Immediacy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19201640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201640" title="Wycliffe and Death in a Salubrious Place">
Wycliffe and Death in a Salubrious Place

Wycliffe and Death in a Salubrious Place (1973) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
In a remote corner of the Isles of Scilly, the murdered body of a young woman has been found, her skull and facial bones smashed. The locals, scared and angry, turn against the newcomer in their midst, Vince Peters, a famous pop star and teenage idol.
However, Wycliffe is not so convinced of his guilt, and soon scratches away at the surface of this supposedly close-knit community, exposing an undercurrent of fear and hatred.

</doc>
<doc id="19201687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201687" title="1999 Tennis Channel Open">
1999 Tennis Channel Open

The 1999 Tennis Channel Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States. The tournament was held from March 1 to March 8.

</doc>
<doc id="19201693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201693" title="Les Layton">
Les Layton

Lester Lee Layton (born November 18, 1921) is a retired American professional baseball player. An outfielder whose pro career extended for 11 seasons (1944–1954), he appeared in 63 Major League Baseball games for the New York Giants.
Layton was born in Nardin, Kay County, Oklahoma, and attended the University of Oklahoma. A right-handed batter and thrower, he stood tall and weighed . He signed with the Giants in 1944 and spent his first four seasons with the Jersey City Giants of the top-level International League. After batting .289 with 20 home runs for Jersey City in 1947, Layton made the 1948 varsity Giants' roster. In his first Major League at bat as a pinch hitter May 21 against the Chicago Cubs, Layton homered off Cubs' southpaw Johnny Schmitz. Used primarily as a pinch runner and pinch hitter by managers Mel Ott and Leo Durocher, Layton occasionally spelled corner outfielders Bobby Thomson and Willard Marshall.
He enjoyed his two biggest days as a Major League batsman in the mid-summer of 1948. On July 2, Layton cracked three hits (all singles) in five at bats against the Brooklyn Dodgers — two off Preacher Roe and one off Rex Barney — in a 6–4 Giant win at Ebbets Field. Then, three days later, Layton had a career-high four safeties (including two doubles) off Boston Braves' ace Johnny Sain in a 13-inning, 6–5 New York win at the Polo Grounds.
During his Major League career, Layton collected 21 hits (including four doubles, four triples and two home runs) in 91 at bats. He returned to minor league baseball in 1949 and played six more seasons, including two productive years with the Los Angeles Angels of the Pacific Coast League in 1950–1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19201727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201727" title="Ed Sanicki">
Ed Sanicki

Edward Robert ("Butch") Sanicki (July 7, 1923 – July 6, 1998) was an American professional baseball player. An outfielder, he appeared in 20 Major League games for the and Philadelphia Phillies. Born in Wallington, New Jersey, he attended Clifton High School, and threw and batted right-handed; he stood tall and weighed .
Sanicki signed with the Phillies after serving in the U.S. Navy in World War II. On September 14, 1949 — in his first at-bat in the Major Leagues — he hit a three-run home run off Rip Sewell of the Pittsburgh Pirates. In , during spring training, he injured his knee. Although he made the Phils in 1951, his final major-league game was on May 12. During his two MLB trials, Sanicki registered only 17 at bats — but of his five hits, three were home runs and one was a double.
After leaving baseball in 1952, Sanicki graduated from Seton Hall University and became a special-education teacher in New Jersey.
He died on July 6, 1998, in Old Bridge, New Jersey, and is buried at Holy Cross Burial Park, East Brunswick, N.J.

</doc>
<doc id="19201737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201737" title="Graythwaite Hall">
Graythwaite Hall

Graythwaite Hall, near Hawkshead, Cumbria in the Lake District of England is the home of the Sandys family. The gardens within the grounds are open to the public from early April until mid August, but the Hall is not.
One of the more famous members of the family was Edwin Sandys, who was Archbishop of York (1576–88) and was founder of Hawkshead Grammar School which William Wordsworth attended. The hall dates from the 17th century and extension work was carried out in the 18th century. In 1840 some major refacing gave the hall the appearance of a Victorian Gothic-style Manor House.
The grounds consist of of gardens laid out by the landscape architect Thomas Hayton Mawson in 1886 and set in a wooded valley. The Dutch Garden and the Rose Garden at Graythwaite are typical of the period. An arboretum contains some fine trees. The gardens are best viewed in late spring when the rhododendrons and azaleas are in bloom. The ornamental iron gates at the entrance to the formal gardens were designed by Dan Gibson, a local architect, who also designed the house at the National Park Visitor Centre at Brockhole near Windermere. 
The woods surrounding the estate were a favourite walking spot for William Wordsworth, and were the backdrop for Beatrix Potter's story " 'The Fairy Caravan' ".

</doc>
<doc id="19201760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201760" title="Ted Tappe">
Ted Tappe

Theodore Nash Tappe (February 2, 1931 – February 13, 2004) was an American professional baseball player from 1950 to 1952, 1954 to 1955 and 1957 to 1961. An outfielder, he appeared in 34 Major League Baseball games played for the Cincinnati Reds (–) and Chicago Cubs (). The , Tappe was born in Seattle, Washington, and attended Washington State University, where he played one season of college baseball for the Cougars in 1950.
The 19-year-old Tappe had an unremarkable debut season in professional baseball until he reached the Major Leagues. After batting just .253 in the Class A Central League, Tappe was recalled by the Reds in September 1950. Sent into his first game on September 14 at Ebbets Field as a pinch hitter for Reds' pitcher Frank Smith, Tappe hit a home run off Erv Palica of the Brooklyn Dodgers. The Dodgers nevertheless won the game, 6–3. In , after another lacklustre minor league campaign split between the Central League and the Double-A Texas League, Tappe was again recalled by Cincinnati in September, and registered his second MLB hit, a single off Bubba Church of the Philadelphia Phillies, exactly one year after his home run.
Tappe did not return to the Majors until he made the 1955 Cubs' roster coming out of spring training. He started 13 games in right field and appeared as a pinch hitter in ten others, all during the months of April and May, batting .260 with four home runs and ten runs batted in. All told, he collected 15 hits in the Major Leagues. He played the final five seasons of his professional career in the minor leagues, including service in the Class B Northwest League with the Wenatchee Chiefs, Yakima Bears and Salem Senators.
He died in Yakima, Washington, at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="19201779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201779" title="Wycliffe and Death in Stanley Street">
Wycliffe and Death in Stanley Street

Wycliffe and Death in Stanley Street (1973) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
In a sleazy cul-de-sac just off the main road of a sprawling West Country port, a prostitute has been found naked and strangled in her bed. While the local police pass it off as just another sex crime, Wycliffe isn't so sure, partly because the victim, Lily Painter, isn't a typical lady of the night; she enjoys Beethoven and has a variety of degrees to her name. Furthermore, when the detective begins unearthing her past he discovers shady connections with smugglers and property speculators.
However, it will take a dangerous arson attack and another murder before he can wrap up this case...

</doc>
<doc id="19201781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201781" title="Frank Ernaga">
Frank Ernaga

Frank John Ernaga (born August 22, 1930 in Susanville, California), is a retired American Major League Baseball player who was an outfielder for portions of the and seasons for the Chicago Cubs. 
Ernaga is the only member of the Cubs to have hit a home run and a triple in his first major league game, a feat which he accomplished on May 24, 1957 against Warren Spahn.

</doc>
<doc id="19201804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201804" title="Andre David">
Andre David

Andre Anter David (May 18, 1958 in Hollywood, California), is a retired Assyrian Major League Baseball outfielder who played during parts of the and seasons with the Minnesota Twins. He currently serves as the assistant hitting coach for the Kansas City Royals. He played in 38 games and had 13 hits with 1 home run and a .245 batting average during his career. His sole home run was hit during his first official at bat in the Major Leagues.
He played high school ball at Chatsworth High School in Chatsworth, CA.
He played college ball at Cal-State Fullerton and was drafted in the 8th round of the 1980 draft by the Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="19201829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201829" title="2000 Franklin Templeton Tennis Classic">
2000 Franklin Templeton Tennis Classic

The 2000 Tennis Channel Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States. The tournament was held from March 6 to March 13.

</doc>
<doc id="19201834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201834" title="Hercules Burnett">
Hercules Burnett

Hercules H. Burnett (August 13, 1865 – October 4, 1936), was a Major League Baseball player who was mainly a center fielder for the Louisville Colonels. He played briefly for the Colonels in while the team was in the American Association, and in again when the Colonels were a member of the National League. His career consisted of six games played, and in 21 at bats he collected 7 hits for a .333 batting average and .714 slugging average. He died at the age of 71 in his hometown of Louisville, Kentucky, and is interred at Eastern Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19201844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201844" title="Blyvooruitzicht">
Blyvooruitzicht

Blyvooruitzicht () is a gold-mining village in Gauteng, South Africa. It is situated about 3.5 km south of the centre of Carletonville and 80 km westwards from Johannesburg.
History.
The name of the village is of Dutch origin meaning "happy prospect". The farm Blyvooruitzicht was first farmed by Pieter Daniël Roux and the main road through the current village is named after him. Established in 1937, Blyvooruitzicht village was built to house the workers of the Blyvooruitzicht Gold Mine which was the first to mine on the gold of the West Wits line. Production started in 1942 and Blyvoor has been an operation of DRDGOLD since 1997.
In the late 60's and early 70's it boasted having the highest earnings per capita in the world. However taking into account that it was proclaimed at the height of the apartheid era, it is probable that these statistics did not factor in the "non white" worker's earnings.
Sinkholes.
The area became notorious for its sinkholes and unstable ground conditions. This is as a result of a high proliferation of Dolomite rock formations which eroded with the lowering of the water table by extensive underground mining and its continuous pumping operations.
On 3 August 1964 two houses and parts of two others disappeared down a massive sinkhole in which the Oosthuizen family of four perished. No trace was ever found of them, their house or their car. A monument was erected on the hill overlooking the area where the Westdene suburb stood. The fitting inscription on the monument reads, "God himself laid them to rest".
An ancient Sinkhole south west of the village called the Hutgrot Cave was the shelter of the Batswana tribes during the Mzilikazi raids.
Places of interest.
The Villagers.
Blyvoor mine and village was the setting for a soap opera filmed in the 1970s called the "The Villagers".
Isidingo.
The highest point in the village is a hill called "Isidingo", which is where the mine Manager's house was built. This is from where the current soap opera "Isidingo" derives its name.
Mining Operations.
Gold.
Blyvooruitzicht Gold Mining Company Limited (Blyvoor), has underground and surface operations and is situated on the north-western edge of the Witwatersrand Basin. Established in 1937, it was the first mine on the West Wits line. Production started here in 1942 and Blyvoor has been an operation of DRDGOLD since 1997.
Blyvoor has two main gold-bearing horizons: the Carbon Leader Reef (CLR), which is one of the principal ore bodies of the Carletonville goldfield; and the Middelvlei Reef, which is some 75 metres above the CLR horizon. At present mining is concentrated on No 5 shaft with all mining operations on No 4 and No 6 shaft put to a stop due to low grades and high risks.
Blyvoor also treats gold-bearing slimes dams and waste rock dumps. The mine’s carbon-in-leach (CIL) plant is currently processing some 300 000 tonnes of tailings per month.
Blyvoor, which has plant capacity of around 400 000 tonnes a month, produces some 166 000 ounces of gold per year. The mine employs 4 520 people including contractors.
Uranium.
A pilot uranium extraction plant was put in operation at Blyvooruitzicht in October 1949 and by 1953 uranuim production was done at large scale. Tailings from the slime dams created by gold mining operations were later reprocessed for uranium extraction.

</doc>
<doc id="19201855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201855" title="Bill Kelly (first baseman)">
Bill Kelly (first baseman)

William Henry Kelly (December 28, 1898 – April 8, 1990) was an American first baseman and scout in Major League Baseball, and a star power-hitter, umpire and manager in minor league baseball. The native of Syracuse, New York, threw and batted right-handed, stood 6' (183 cm) tall and weighed 190 pounds (86 kg) as a player.
Kelly played only 32 games at the major league level for the Philadelphia Athletics and the Philadelphia Phillies, hitting only .179 in 84 at bats with no home runs and five runs batted in. But in between, he led the top-level International League in RBI for three consecutive seasons (1924–26) while he played for the Buffalo Bisons, racking up 155, 125 and 151 RBI in that span. He also led the IL in homers in 1924 (with 28) and 1926 (with 44). As a minor leaguer from 1921 to 1931, Kelly batted .308 and slugged 207 home runs.
In 1932, he began his umpiring career in the higher minors, eventually working in all three top-level minor leagues through 1941. After World War II, he moved into the dugout as a manager in the Chicago Cubs farm system, piloting top-level farm teams with the Los Angeles Angels of the Pacific Coast League (1947–50) and the Springfield Cubs of the International League (1951–52). His 1947 Angels won the regular-season and playoff PCL titles. After hanging up his uniform in 1954, Kelly scouted for the Cubs, Phillies and New York Mets through and his retirement.
Kelly died in his home city of Syracuse at the age of 91. He was elected to the International League Hall of Fame in .

</doc>
<doc id="19201862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201862" title="Eddie Miller (outfielder)">
Eddie Miller (outfielder)

Edward Lee Miller (June 29, 1957 in San Pablo, California), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from - for the Texas Rangers, Atlanta Braves, Detroit Tigers, and San Diego Padres. Miller's only major league home run came in his last career at bat.
Miller is a 1975 graduate of Harry Ells High School in Richmond, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19201867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201867" title="Boherbue Comprehensive School">
Boherbue Comprehensive School

Boherbue Comprehensive School is a secondary school in Boherbue, County Cork, Ireland.
History.
This school was opened in 1973 as a co-educational, non-selective post-primary school. The term 'comprehensive' was current at that time and the curriculum of the school combined what were formally regarded as the 'secondary' subjects with the 'technical' subjects. This was seen as giving a broad range of subjects under which pupils with very varying degrees of aptitude, ability and skills could prosper.
Sport.
Gaelic football is the most popular sport within the school and it competes in the All-Ireland Vocational Schools Championship. In 1992 the school were runners-up in the All-Ireland Senior Vocational School Championship and in 1998 it won the All-Ireland Junior Vocational School Championship. Sports such as basketball and hurling are also played at the school.

</doc>
<doc id="19201877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201877" title="Manfred Mann Chapter Three">
Manfred Mann Chapter Three

Manfred Mann Chapter Three was a British experimental jazz rock band founded by South African keyboard player Manfred Mann and long-time partner Mike Hugg. The line-up for its debut at Newcastle's Mayfair Ballroom on 24 October 1969 was; Mike Hugg (vocals/electric piano), Mann (organ), Bernie Living (alto sax), Steve York (bass) and Craig Collinge (drums), augmented by a five-piece brass section of Clive Stevens (tenor sax), Carl Griffiths (tenor sax), Dave Coxhill (baritone sax), Gerald Drewett (trombone) and Sonny Corbett (trumpet).
The band's approach centred around the "time, no changes" approach of Miles Davis and John Coltrane applied to slow, funky grooves with voodoo lyrics inspired by Dr John alternating with blaring big-band horn riffs and improvised free-jazz solos reminiscent of Ornette Coleman and Albert Ayler. Although intelligible at a time when artists like Davis himself were crossing over into the rock/funk field and American "jazz-rock" ensembles such as Blood, Sweat and Tears and The Mothers of Invention espoused brass sections and atonality, the formula was limited and the band expensive to maintain, so it was short-lived and disbanded after two albums. A third album was recorded in 1971, but shelved before its release. It consisted both of love songs which Mike Hugg would rerecord for his first solo albums and more experimental music featuring brass arrangements or Manfred Mann on the Moog synthesizer. 
Mann went on to form Manfred Mann's Earth Band in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19201878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201878" title="James Renwick (physicist)">
James Renwick (physicist)

James Renwick (1790–1863), was an English-American scientist and engineer.
He was born in Liverpool, England, on 30 May 1790. He graduated from Columbia College in 1807. In 1820 he was appointed professor of natural philosophy in that college, a position he held until 1854. In 1838 he was appointed by the U.S. government one of the commissioners to explore the line of the boundary, then settled by the Webster-Ashburton Treaty, between Maine and New Brunswick. In addition to his collegiate duties he wrote the biographies of Robert Fulton, David Rittenhouse, and Count Rumford, in Sparks's "American Biography"; a Memoir of DeWitt Clinton (1834); and a "Treatise on the Steam-engine" (1830). His textbooks, "Outlines of Natural Philosophy" (1822), "Elements of Mechanics" (1832), and "First Principles of Chemistry" (1840) were among the first works of their kind published in the United States, the first and third of these, along with his other educational works, passing through multiple editions. Renwick died in 1863.
He married Margaret Brevoort, from a wealthy and socially prominent New York family. His eldest son, Henry Brevoort Renwick, was a mechanical engineer and inspector of steamboat engines. His middle son, James Renwick, Jr., was a noted Gothic Revival architect, designer of St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York and the Smithsonian Castle in Washington, D.C., among many other buildings. His youngest son, Edward S. Renwick was a mechanical engineer, inventor and patent expert.
Engineering on the Morris Canal.
Renwick was also responsible for the idea and initial design of the inclined planes on the Morris Canal. The design of these planes were later copied for the Elbląg Canal in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19201881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201881" title="Chris Jelic">
Chris Jelic

Christopher John Jelic (born December 16, 1963), is a retired Major League Baseball outfielder who appeared in four games with the New York Mets in 1990. His one career hit was a home run in the final at-bat of his career.
Jelic was originally drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the second round of the 1985 Major League Baseball Draft out of the University of Pittsburgh. Jelic not only played baseball in college, but was also the punter on the Panthers football team.
He was traded to the Mets with David Cone on March 27, 1987 for Rick Anderson, Mauro Gozzo and Ed Hearn. After his brief stint with the Mets in 1990, Jelic signed with the San Diego Padres, never reaching the majors in three seasons in their organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19201883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201883" title="USS Herkimer (AK-188)">
USS Herkimer (AK-188)

USS "Herkimer" (AK-188) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that served the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. Post-war she served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations for some time with the U.S. Army as USAT "Herkimer", and then as USNS "Herkimer" (T-AK-188), with the Military Sea Transportation Service from 1950 to 1973. She was then transferred to the navy of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands and later returned to the U.S. and sold.
Built in Superior, Wisconsin.
"Herkimer" (AK-188) was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract by Walter Butler Shipbuilders, Inc., Superior, Wisconsin, 10 April 1944; launched 2 July 1944; sponsored by Miss Ann Farley; acquired by the Navy 25 June 1945 ; and commissioned at New Orleans, Louisiana, 14 July 1945, Lt. Carlton W. Crocker, Jr., in command.
World War II-related service.
After shakedown in the Gulf of Mexico, "Herkimer" loaded cargo at Gulfport, Mississippi, then departed 22 August for the Western Pacific Ocean. She reached Subic Bay, Luzon, 7 October; unloaded refrigerated cargo; and sailed the 13th carrying U.S. Army equipment for occupation forces stationed in Japan.
She arrived Sasebo, Japan, 20 October and operated there until 30 December when she departed for Yokosuka. Following her arrival 2 January 1946, she was stripped of Navy gear. She then steamed to Yokohama 16 January, decommissioned 1 February, and transferred to the U.S. Army.
Reacquired from the U.S. Army.
"Herkimer" was operated by a Japanese merchant crew for the Supreme Commander of Allied Forces in Japan until 1 July 1950 when she was reacquired by the U.S. Navy. After refitting, she was assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) 28 February 1951 and designated "T-AK 188".
Korean War support.
Manned by a civilian crew, she participated in the Korean supply run from Japan supporting the repulse of Communist aggression in South Korea. Operating out of Moji, Kure, and Yokohama, she transported vital military cargo to American-held South Korean ports during the remainder of the conflict.
Following the establishment 27 July 1953 of an uneasy truce, "Herkimer" continued supply runs between Japan and South Korea. In response to the scheduled transfer of North Vietnam to Communist control, she departed Yokohama 6 November 1954 to provide support for Operation Passage to Freedom. She reached Haiphong, North Vietnam, 15 November; and during the next 2 months she transported cargo southward to St. Jacques and Saigon. After completing three runs to South Vietnamese ports, she departed Saigon 23 January 1955 and arrived Kobe, Japan, 1 February.
Resuming cargo runs out of Japanese ports, "Herkimer" remained in the Western Pacific since 1955. Cargo operations have sent her primarily to Inchon, Pusan, and other South Korean ports; and she has made numerous cargo runs along the Japanese coast from Wakkanai and Hakodate, Hokkaido, to Kagoshima and Nagasaki, Kyūshū. In addition she has steamed from Korea to Southeast Asia while supporting America's determination to maintain peace and contain Communism in the Far East. She has steamed from ports in Japan and the Philippine Islands, transporting military supplies to Formosa between 1961 and 1965.
Vietnam Crisis support.
And in response to American efforts to protect the integrity and independence of South Vietnam from external Communist aggression, she resumed intermittent cargo runs to South Vietnam in February 1962. She remained in the Western Pacific, serving the forces of freedom in the Far East as a veteran carrier of vital military cargo.
Final dispositioning.
"Herkimer" continued to support MSTS operations in the Pacific theatre until 15 July 1973 when she was placed out of service and struck from the Navy List. She was then transferred for use with the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands navy. She was eventually returned to the U.S. and sold for commercial service.
Her subsequent fate is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="19201898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201898" title="Memorial Museum of Astronautics">
Memorial Museum of Astronautics

The Memorial Museum of Astronautics (also known as the Memorial Museum of Cosmonautics or Memorial Museum of Space Exploration) is a museum in Moscow, Russia, dedicated to space exploration. It is located within the base of the soaring Monument to the Conquerors of Space in the northeast of the city.
The museum contains a wide variety of space-related exhibits and models which explore the history of flight; astronomy; space exploration; space technology; and space in the arts. According to the Russian tourist board, the museum's collection holds approximately 85,000 different items, and receives approximately 300,000 visitors yearly.
History.
Though the space monument's tower was erected in 1964, the memorial museum did not exist for another seventeen years. Opening ceremonies took place on April 10, 1981, to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the day Yuri Gagarin became the first human to orbit the Earth in space.
Originally the museum focused almost exclusively on the Soviet space program with major themes like Gagarin and Sergey Korolyov, and Sputnik and Soyuz.
Renovation.
On Cosmonautics Day, 2009, the museum was reopened after three years of reconstruction. It has virtually tripled its original size and has added new sections dedicated to space programs worldwide, including the USA, Europe, China and the ISS. The museum now features original interactive exhibits, as well as a refurbished promenade, the sculpture-lined Cosmonauts Alley which connects the museum to the Moscow metro. The museum is a favorite of students worldwide and a primary tourist attraction of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19201903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201903" title="José Sosa (baseball)">
José Sosa (baseball)

José Ynocencio Sosa (December 28, 1952 – June 8, 2013) was a Dominican Republic relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from 1975 through 1976 for the Houston Astros. Listed at 5' 11", 158 lb., he batted and threw right handed.
Born in Santo Domingo, Sosa came from a baseball family that included his cousins Felipe Alou, Matty Alou, Jesús Alou and Moisés Alou, being also related to Mel Rojas.
Sosa was signed by the Astros as an amateur free agent in 1970 and started his career in their minor league system, playing for them at three different levels before joining the big club late in the 1975 midseason. 
During a game against the San Diego Padres on July 30, 1975, Sosa secured his place in the record books when he belted a three-run home run off Danny Frisella at the Astrodome, to become both the first Dominican pitcher and the first Astros player ever to hit a home run in his first major league plate appearance. He also earned the save as the Astros came out with an 8–4 victory. 
Sosa spent most of 1976 at Triple A and rejoined the Astros for a few games during three recalls. He then returned to the minors from 1977 to 1978 and never appeared in a major league game again.
In a two-season career, Sosa posted a 1-3 record with one save and a 4.60 earned run average in 34 games (two starts), allowing nine runs on 67 hits and six walks, while striking out 36 over 58⅔ innings of work. He went 41-53 with a 4.25 ERA in 202 minor league games.
Sosa also pitched for the Leones del Escogido of the Dominican Winter League from 1977 to 1978. He finished with a 9-13 record and a 2.96 ERA in 111 games. Following his playing retirement, he served as their bullpen coach for several seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19201917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201917" title="Wycliffe and the Schoolgirls">
Wycliffe and the Schoolgirls

Wycliffe and the Schoolgirls (1976) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
Two very different women, a nightclub singer and a nurse, have been strangled in their own homes, under the same efficient modus operandi, within the space of one week. Although the media and police are unanimous in the belief that these murders are the work of a psychopath, Wycliffe believes the solution may be a bit more complex. 
When another attack is suddenly aborted for no earthly reason, the detective feels his theory has been proved; this is no ordinary killing spree. But his colleagues are entirely uninterested, and he knows he will be on his own this time. In the course of his solo investigation he uncovers a connection with an old school trip, a youth hostel and a cruel practical joke played on a lonely student.

</doc>
<doc id="19201918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201918" title="Let's Take an Old-Fashioned Walk">
Let's Take an Old-Fashioned Walk

Let's Take an Old-Fashioned Walk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19201925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201925" title="Ed Scott (baseball player)">
Ed Scott (baseball player)

Phillip Edwin Scott (August 12, 1870 – November 1, 1933) was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Cincinnati Reds and Cleveland Blues.
Personal life.
Son of James C. and Sarah F. (Loop) Scott, Ed Scott married about 1890 Olive Faneuff, daughter of Maxim and Hermine (Beaugrand) Faneuff.

</doc>
<doc id="19201934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201934" title="Clay Van Alstyne">
Clay Van Alstyne

Clayton Emory Van Alstyne (May 24, 1900 in Stuyvesant, New York – January 5, 1960 in Hudson, New York), was a Major League Baseball pitcher from to for the Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="19201936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201936" title="2001 Franklin Templeton Classic">
2001 Franklin Templeton Classic

The 2001 Franklin Templeton Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States that was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from March 5 through March 11, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19201940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201940" title="The Gold Diggers (1983 film)">
The Gold Diggers (1983 film)

The Gold Diggers is a 1983 British film directed by Sally Potter and starring Julie Christie, Kassandra Colson and Siobhan Davies. It is written by Sally Potter and Rose English, and is the first feature film directed by Potter. The movie was made with an all-woman crew, and features photography by Babette Magolte and a score by Lindsay Cooper.

</doc>
<doc id="19201958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201958" title="Ed Hobaugh">
Ed Hobaugh

Edward Russell Hobaugh (June 27, 1934 in Kittanning, Pennsylvania), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="19201984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201984" title="Aqua World">
Aqua World

Aqua World (formerly Oarai Aquarium) is a aquarium in the Higashiibaraki District of Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan, North of Oarai port at the mouth of the Naka River. Many varieties of sea species, especially fish, can be found in Aqua World. The fee for entry varies according to the age group.
Exhibits.
The aquarium contains 60 tanks, with a total tank volume of . The largest tank contains 20,000 individuals of about 80 species. The shark tank contains 2 species of sharks, and includes tunnel which lets visitors walk under the fish. The sunfish tank contains 8 individual ocean sunfish.
Marine mammals at the aquarium include sea otters, California sea lions, and spotted seals. Sea birds are represented by Humboldt penguins and tufted puffins.
Museum.
The third floor contain the Sea Life Museum and the Ocean Information Plaza. Hands-on exhibits in these areas let visitors learn about the anatomy and behavior of fish and other sea life. The exhibit contains sections on seaweed, plankton, and sharks, as well as a display where visitors can hear the calls of all 18 penguin species.
Shows.
The Ocean Theater has dolphin and whale shows, as well as an underwater viewing area.

</doc>
<doc id="19201990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201990" title="Belle Aire">
Belle Aire

For the similarly named plantation on the James River see Belle Air Plantation.
Belle Aire is a Greek Revival mansion listed on both the National Register of Historic Places and the Virginia Landmarks Register in the Greater Deyerle neighborhood of the independent city of Roanoke, Virginia, U.S.A. Located just south of Brandon Avenue SW (U.S. 11) at 3820 Belle Aire Circle SW, Belle Aire was completed in 1849 as the private residence of Madison and Margeret Pitzer on a knoll overlooking their of land adjacent to the Roanoke River. It is located approximately one-half mile from his brother Jeramiah's house (Mount Airy). Today the home still stands, with the surrounding area now developed as single family home typical of those built during the 1970s-80s.
History.
Belle Aire was constructed by Benjamin Deyerle and his carpenter Gustavus Sedon for the Pitzer family in 1849. Its Greek Revival embellishments were influenced by the New England architect Asher Benjamin's publication "The Practical House Carpenter" of 1830. The L-shaped home is of brick construction with stuccoed Doric pilasters at the corners. Its most recoginizable feature is its 2-story pedimented portico four fluted Doric columns at each level. A kitchen addition replaced the original outbuilding and the side portico has been enclosed. Otherwise, Belle Aire remains much as it was in 1850. Today the home remains as a private residence. It became a Virginia Historic Landmark in 1966 and was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19202005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202005" title="King Rother">
King Rother

King Rother or König Rother is the earliest "Spielmannsdichtung" known to historians. It has many of the qualities of a fairy tale. Only one complete manuscript exists from the twelfth century (Heidelberg Cpg 390). The tale was popular into the fourteenth century. The name "Rother" may have a connection to a king of the Lombards, Rothari. There is a possibility, however, the name Rother may have come from the Norman king, Roger II of Sicily. 
The epic story is notable for its combination of Byzantine and Germanic story elements. The poem has between 5200 and 5300 lines of verse and is from the period of Middle High German literature of adventure novels. The epic tale is written in a mixture of Low and High German. It seems to be for a Bavarian audience and was perhaps written by a Bavarian priest. The reason for this is because the writer mentions two noble Bavarian families, the Tengelingen and the Diessen.
The medieval German romance tale was popular among wandering minstrels of central Europe and was written in popular verse style. Some historians believe "King Rother" was written by an unknown educated cleric Rhenish poet probably between 1140 and 1170. Others suggest it was a Bavarian priest (c.1150); few believe any longer that it was a minstrel. The author refers to "books" as his source indicating there was a written source already, however he could have just used this to authenticate his writings. 
The epic.
The epic recounts King Rother's adventurous quest to the Middle East for a bride. The King on the advice of his nobles is concerned about the royal succession. He acts on their advice to seek the hand of the beautiful daughter of King Constantine of Constantinople. The problem with this however, is that all previous suitors lost their lives in the process. 
King Rother plays it safe and sends twelve envoys to King Constantine for his daughter's hand in marriage. He sent twelve counts escorted by twelve knights in shiny armor with much treasure. They made an excellent impression, especially on the Queen. However when King Rother's trusted count announces their purpose King Constantine refuses the hand of the royal princess. Not only that, he captures all of King Rother's men and throws them in jail. He also takes all the treasure. 
A year passes and King Rother is concerned about his men and treasure. He doesn't dare approach King Constantine with an army because surely he would then kill his men. Instead he comes up with a ruse and disguises himself as "Dietrich", a refugee who claims that he has been forced out of King Rother's land. Dietrich (King Rother) is generous with gifts and eventually obtains an army of five thousand men. The Queen of Constantinople is especially impressed with Dietrich. She gives her opinion to her husband King Constantine that King Rother must be a powerful king if he threw out a man of such qualities off his land. She felt that the royal princess should have been given to Rother. 
The princess's curiosity got the best of her and she arranged a secret rendezdous with Dietrich. Dietrich then reveals to her he is really King Rother and desires her hand in marriage. They then planned secretly among themselves to get Rother's messengers released from jail. Dietrich promises on his life to King Constantine that the men will not leave the city. After the men are released Dietrich reveals to everyone that he is really King Rother by playing a certain melody on his harp. 
Then news comes that the evil King Ymelot is coming to attack King Constantine. Dietrich offers to help the king and the two armies camp on the outskirts of the city. At night Dietrich sneaks into the camp of the enemy and captures King Ymelot. He is turned over to King Constantine as a prisoner at his camp. There is much rejoicing of the defeat of the enemy. In the turmoil and excitement King Rother quickly returns to Constantinople and announces that King Constantine has been killed.
The ladies of Constantinople asks King Rother for help. He has them brought to his ship. In the process of embarking however, he only actually takes the royal princess on board. He leaves a message to the Queen his true identity and that the story of King Constantine's demise was only a ruse to get the princess. King Rother sails off with the princess. The Queen is quite happy at the outcome, however her husband King Constantine is furious. To make matters worse for King Constantine it turns out King Ymelot escapes from the prison.
King Rother returns to his country of Bari and finds the need to take inventory of his lands. He travels to the north part of his country to start the inventory. While he is gone an unscrupulous minstrel sent by King 
Constantine arrives in Bari. He uses a ploy and tricks the royal princess onto his ship and takes her back to Constantinople. When King Rother returns from his inventory he is enraged. He gathers together 30,000 men and sails off to Constantinople. 
Once King Rother arrives near the city he hides in the woods with his men. The king and a few of his men secretly enter the city disguised as pilgrims. There they learn that the evil King Ymelot has not only captured King Constantine, but his daughter as well. The princess is to be married off to King Ymelot's son that evening. King Rother and his "pilgrim" men sneak into the banquet hall and hide under the table where the princess is. King Rother secretly slips her a silver ring. She is so excited about this that she gives it away to everyone that King Rother must be nearby. Since the jig was up, King Rother reveals himself at the mercy of God. King Rother is given a choice of how he would like to be executed. He persuades King Ymelot that he wishes to die in the woods (where his army is hidden out!). 
King Rother insists that all 30 of the evil kings be present at his execution. They agree to this great opportunity to see him murdered. Meanwhile back at the city the five thousand men that Dietrich ("King Rother") helped previously armed themselves to free him. While the hanging gallows were being constructed these men attacked and freed King Rother and his two companions. The companions were two giants, Asprian and Witold, that King Rother brought with him. King Rother then blew his horn which was a signal. Then all his army hidden in the woods came out and they, along with King Rother's special giants, slaughtered the evil kings.
The city of Constantinople and King Constantine are spared the onslaught. King Constantine brings out his princess and the other ladies of the city to meet King Rother. The Queen accused her husband of arrogance and gives the princess back to King Rother. The king then returns with his new bride to Bari, where she gives birth to a son, Pipin. Pipin later becomes the father to Charlemagne. 

</doc>
<doc id="19202006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202006" title="Wycliffe in Paul's Court">
Wycliffe in Paul's Court

"Wycliffe in Paul's Court" (1980) is a crime novel by Cornish writer W. J. Burley.
Synopsis.
The small community of Paul's Court is shattered by the violent deaths of Willy Goppel, a German doll house maker found hanging from a beam in his home, and Yvette Cole, a fifteen-year-old with a wild reputation, found strangled, half-naked and thrown callously over a churchyard hedge. 
With the help of a local detective, Wycliffe uncovers a dark string of anatgonisms weaving across Paul's court...

</doc>
<doc id="19202016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202016" title="Slow Club">
Slow Club

Slow Club are an English duo formed in Sheffield in 2006. The band consists of multi-instrumentalists Charles Watson and Rebecca Taylor, with Watson contributing piano, Taylor contributing drums, and both performing guitar and vocals.
The band released two 7" singles in 2007, "Because We're Dead" and "Me and You", on Moshi Moshi Records. On 1 September 2008, their first extended play, "Let's Fall Back in Love", was released. A Christmas single, titled "Christmas TV", was released in December 2008.
Their debut album, "Yeah So", was recorded by Mike Timm at Axis Studio in Sheffield and released in July 2009, followed by the release of their second EP "Christmas, Thanks For Nothing" in December 2009. 
The band's second album, "Paradise", produced by Luke Smith (Clor), was released on 12 September 2011. In 2012 "Beginners", the final single from the album, was released. The video features Harry Potter star (and Slow Club fan) Daniel Radcliffe. 
Slow Club have toured extensively around UK, Europe, US, Australia and Japan and played most major UK festivals including Glastonbury festival, Latitude festival and Green Man Festival. They have supported acts such as KT Tunstall and Florence and the Machine and Mumford and Sons. 
In spring 2013 the band went back into the studio with Colin Elliot (who has worked with Richard Hawley) and started work on their third album with a view to releasing early 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19202022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202022" title="The Railway Station Man">
The Railway Station Man

The Railway Station Man is a 1992 British drama film directed by Michael Whyte and starring Julie Christie, Donald Sutherland and John Lynch. It was based on the 1984 novel of the same name by Irish writer Jennifer Johnston. It was filmed on location in Glencolumbkille, County Donegal, Ireland.
Cast.
Cast members include:

</doc>
<doc id="19202034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202034" title="Death barge">
Death barge

Death barges () were floating prisons used by both sides during the Russian Civil War in 1918-1919, primarily in the Volga basin. They were primarily used to keep potential political enemies imprisoned, rather than as an execution tool. In case of a quickly advancing hostile army, they could be quickly dragged away, or sunk in a fairway, thus both liquidating enemy sympathizers and hampering the enemy's navy navigation.
The first usage of death barges was recorded in Yaroslavl during the Eser Revolt in 1918. It is also known, that one death barge with Soviet sympathizers was hijacked by towboat under Fedor Raskolnikov.

</doc>
<doc id="19202038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202038" title="Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle three positions">
Shooting at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle three positions

Men's 50 metre rifle three positions was the last rifle event to be concluded at the 2000 Summer Olympics, on 23 September. The qualification round, consisting of 40 shots from each position, began at 09:00 Australian Eastern Standard Time (UTC+10), and the final round of 10 additional shots standing at 13:15. World record holder Rajmond Debevec won the competition and his first Olympic medal, setting two new Olympic records.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19202069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202069" title="Type 67 mortar">
Type 67 mortar

The Type 67 82mm Mortar is Chinese infantry support weapon developed in year 1967. It is a modernization of the older Type 53 82mm mortar, which is the Chinese copy of Soviet PM-41 82mm mortar.
The mortar was widely used in the Vietnam War. This mortar can be used in nearly horizontal direction, which means it can be used to destroy pillbox and obstructions. 
The Type 67 82mm mortar can use different types of shells. The shrapnel of this mortar weights 3.32 kg, with a 0.4 kg TNT, and the lethal radius of this shrapnel is 26m.

</doc>
<doc id="19202081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202081" title="Grevillea 'Fire Sprite'">
Grevillea 'Fire Sprite'

"Grevillea" 'Fire Sprite' is a grevillea cultivar. It is a cross between "G. longistyla" and "G. venusta". First developed in 1996, it was registered with the Australian Cultivar Registration Authority (ACRA) in 2007. It has a shrubby habit, reaching 3 m (10 ft) high and 5 m (15 ft) wide.
Original developer Merv Hodge has been impressed by its long flowering period, its reliability, and its ability to attract birds to the garden. He reports Brown Honeyeaters, Scarlet Honeyeaters and Eastern Spinebills as visitors. It has remained popular after release.

</doc>
<doc id="19202084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202084" title="Agriculture in Portugal">
Agriculture in Portugal

Agriculture in Portugal is based on small to medium-sized family-owned dispersed units, however, the sector also includes larger scale intensive farming export-oriented agrobusinesses backed by companies (like Grupo RAR's Vitacress, Sovena, Lactogal, Vale da Rosa, Companhia das Lezírias and Valouro). The extent of cooperative organisation has been reaching a greater importance with globalization. Portugal produces a wide variety of crops and livestock products, including green vegetables, rice, corn, barley, olives, oilseeds, nuts, cherries, bilberry, table grapes, edible mushrooms, dairy products, poultry and beef. Forestry has also played an important economic role among the rural communities and industry (namely paper industry that includes Portucel Soporcel Group, engineered wood that includes Sonae Indústria, and furniture that includes several manufacturing plants in and around Paços de Ferreira, the core of Portugal's major industrial operations of IKEA). In 2001, the gross agricultural product accounted for 4% of the national GDP. Portugal is one of the world's largest producers of wine and cork. The land area of slightly more than 9.2 million hectares was classified as follows (in thousands of hectares): 2,755 arable land and permanent crops (including 710 in permanent crops), 530 permanent pasture, 3,640 forest and woodland, and 2,270 other land.
History.
Agriculture, forestry, and fishing employed 17.8 percent of Portugal's labor force but accounted for only 6.2 percent of GDP in 1990. With the principal exception of the alluvial soils of the Tagus River valley and the irrigated sections of the Alentejo, crop yields and animal productivity remained well below those of the other European Community (EC) members. Portugal's agro-food deficit (attributable mainly to grain, oilseed, and meat imports) represented about 2.5 percent of GDP, but its surplus on forestry products (wood, cork, and paper pulp) offset its food deficit. 
Portugal's overall agricultural performance was unfavorable when viewed in the context of the country's natural resources and climatic conditions. Agricultural productivity (gross farm output per person employed) was well below that of the other West European countries in 1985, at half of the levels in Greece and Spain and a quarter of the EC average. 
A number of factors contributed to Portugal's poor agricultural performance. First, the level of investment in agriculture was traditionally very low. The number of tractors and the quantity of fertilizer used per unit area was one-third the European Community average in the mid-1980s. Second, farms in the north were small and fragmented; half of them were less than one hectare in size, and 86 percent less than five hectares. Third, the collective farms set up in the south after the 1974-75 expropriations due to the leftist military coup of 25 April 1974, proved incapable of modernizing, and their efficiency declined. Fourth, poor productivity was associated with the low level of education of farmers. Finally, distribution channels and economic infrastructure were inadequate in parts of the country. According to government estimates, about 9,000 km2 (2,200,000 acres) of agricultural land were occupied between April 1974 and December 1975 in the name of land reform; about 32% of the occupations were ruled illegal. In January 1976, the government pledged to restore the illegally occupied land to its owners, and in 1977, it promulgated the Land Reform Review Law. Restoration of illegally occupied land began in 1978.
Following its adhesion in 1986 to the European Economic Community (EEC), now the European Union (EU), Portugal's agriculture, like in other EU member states, has been heavily shaped by the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). With the reform of CAP, a significant reduction in the number of producers through consolidation (especially in the Norte and Centro regions) resulted in the end of traditional, subsistence-like based agriculture.
In 1998, 28% of the land was considered arable. Of the 26,000 km2 (7 million acres), 74% was cultivated with seasonal crops and 26% was under permanent crops. In 2001, the gross agricultural product accounted for 4% of GDP. Estimates of agriculture production in 1999 included potatoes, 1,150,000 tons; tomatoes, 1,176,000 tons; corn, 1,092,000 tons; wheat, 400,000 tons; olives, 262,000 tons; rice, 159,000 tons; and rye, 52,000 tons. Production of olive oil reached 36,000 tons in 1999. Wine, particularly port and Madeira from the Douro region and the Madeira islands, is an important agricultural export; production totaled 679,000 tons in 1999, down from 1,137,000 tons in 1990. Portugal is the world's seventh-largest producer of wine, although Portugal's wines are mostly unknown internationally apart from port and rosé. Under the influence of EU policies, vineyard areas have been reduced in recent years. In 2001, the value of agricultural products imported by Portugal exceeded that of agricultural exports by $2.56 billion.
Major agricultural products.
Portugal's climatic and topographic conditions allow for an extremely large number of crops, including olives, figs, citrus, mushrooms, sunflower, tomatoes, cereals, bananas (in Madeira Island) and pineapple (in São Miguel Island). Wine, table grapes, leaf vegetables, dairy, tomatoes for processing, rice, sugar beets, mushrooms, cork and olives are very competitive. Improved marketing practices since the 1990s, enabled fresh horticultural and fruit products of Portuguese origin to become widely demanded in both the domestic and export markets.
Beef.
The European Union recognises the following Portuguese Protected Designation of Origin beef brands:
Cheeses.
Portugal produces a wide variety of cheeses. There are certified cheese-producing regions, including D.O.C./Protected designation of origin ("Denominação de Origem Controlada"). These include the Castelo Branco cheese, Saloio, Santarém cheese, and Serra da Estrela cheese.
Fruit.
"Pêra Rocha" (pear), Cova da Beira's cherries, a number of chestnut producing regions, and the "Laranja do Algarve" (oranges), are examples of well-known Portuguese certified products. Portugal is the 4th world leader on tomato production, at Alentejo.
Pork.
Pork is also a very popular meat in Portugal. Pork meat is often served with acorns and white truffles that are commonly found in the large oak grove (genus "Quercus") of the country. The "Carne de Porco Alentejano" has the status of Protected Designation of Origin (POD). There are many dishes with pork like the "carne de porco à alentejana" and the typical "leitão" (roasted piglet). Pork made "presunto", a dry-cured ham, is also typical and popular, as well as "fiambre", a wet-cured ham.
Wines.
The quality and great variety of wines in Portugal are due to noble castas, microclimates, soils and proper technology.
Official designations:
Agribusiness.
Among the largest companies in the agricultural and agribusiness sector of Portugal are such examples as Grupo RAR (owner of Vitacress), Companhia das Lezírias, Vale da Rosa, Sovena Group, Sumol + Compal, Sogrape, Derovo, Frulact, Amorim, Delta, Valouro and Lactogal. The leading Portuguese brewer Unicer, developed and supported agriculture projects for barley producers in Portugal. Its aim was the increase of Portuguese high-quality malt for use in the producing process of its beers.
Retail market and distribution.
Competitors are always well represented at Portuguese agricultural fairs and food-related shows. Other nations advertise in Portugal's food magazines and on television, and join with hotels in weekly menu promotions, complete with food products, cooks, exhibits and decorations.
Competition also heats up among Portuguese and foreign firms over extremely expensive hypermarket shelf space. Suppliers fight to maintain and expand exposure of their products as the number of hypermarkets boomed since the 1990s. The struggle is getting even more intense as larger stores continue to carry more private label products, constricting shelf space even more for branded products. Modelo Continente, Jerónimo Martins, Lidl and Auchan are the biggest retailers.
Local manufacturers felt the squeeze on profit margins as big retailers preferred to cut costs by buying from neighboring countries. France and Spain dominate consumer-ready frozen and non-frozen food products. Spanish fruits and horticultural products are easily found all over Portugal's hypermarket and supermarket chains. The European Union, South America, the Middle East and China also compete with dried fruits, tree nuts, pulses and prepared product markets.
With a land area about the size of the North American state of Indiana, Portugal maintains quite a varied distribution network. The food distribution structure includes wholesalers, retailers (hypermarkets, supermarkets, cooperatives, small businesses, convenience stores), institutions and associations. Portuguese retailers generally make their purchases through a broker from the manufacturer or directly from a distributor, cash-and-carry store, traditional wholesaler or from retailer associations and cooperatives. The associations and cooperatives, made up mostly of small store owners, help members increase purchasing power, compete with larger stores and access training and trade seminars. But the role of import agents and traditional brokers declined, and retailers are becoming more adept at direct importing. 
Hypermarkets and supermarkets, including joint ventures between the Portuguese and French, control over 50 percent of retail food sales. The Portuguese government put the brakes on the tremendous growth of hypermarkets in an effort to protect smaller retailers. With their high buying power, the hypermarkets can be more competitive in pricing and could easily squeeze smaller businesses out of the marketplace.
Organic farming.
Organic farming in Portugal has steadily increased in the past years. From only 73 producers in 1993, it rapidly grew to more than 1,500 in 2005. Today, more than 2,000 km2 are managed organically, which testifies to the prevailing dynamics. The farmers’ sudden interest in organic agriculture clearly has to do with the financial support offered by the European Union and higher market prices. In some cases, such as the olive groves of the northern and central regions, traditional farming approximates organic farming methods, which eases conversion. With horticulture or orchards, the change is not so easy, and therefore there are not as many farmers converting. The supply is still less than the demand, reflecting the fact that organic farming is still at an initial stage. The Portuguese are growing more conscious of health and the environment, which explains the rising interest in natural foods and fibres. Their increasing purchasing power encourages this development. However, these positive factors for the expansion of organic production may not be enough to guarantee a continuous increase in the future, since several obstacles hinder the farmers’ performance.
Education, training and research in Agriculture.
There are several vocational and higher education institutions devoted to the teaching of agricultural sciences in Portugal. Almost all state-run polytechnic institutes (there are 15 across the country), have a school of agriculture awarding bachelor's and masters' degrees in the subject. The "Escola Superior Agrária de Coimbra", belonging to the Polytechnical Institute of Coimbra, is the oldest polytechnic institution of agriculture. There is also a number of universities awarding bachelor's, masters' and doctorate degrees in varied agricultural science subfields. The "Instituto Superior de Agronomia" (ISA), the university school of agronomy of the Technical University of Lisbon, is among the oldest, largest and most prestigious in the country regarding both the teaching of agricultural sciences and research. Other public universities like the University of the Algarve and the University of Évora, have departments for both agronomy and agriculture, or related engineerings. The Instituto Nacional dos Recursos Biológicos (INRB) is the national research institute for agriculture and fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="19202086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202086" title="Hurricane Boris (1996)">
Hurricane Boris (1996)

Hurricane Boris was the second of three storms to impact the Pacific coast of Mexico in June and July 1996. The fourth tropical cyclone and second hurricane of the 1996 Pacific hurricane season, Boris formed out of a tropical wave roughly south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec on June 27. The storm gradually intensified, becoming a tropical storm the following day and then hurricane on June 29. As the storm neared landfall, an eye developed and Boris reached its peak intensity with winds of 90 mph (150 km/h). Shortly after, the hurricane made landfall along the south coast of Mexico, between Lazaro Cardenas and Acapulco, at this intensity. Boris quickly weakened following its landfall, becoming a tropical depression roughly 18 hours later. The remnants of the system persisted until July 1, at which time it dissipated just offshore the Mexican coastline. Boris caused heavy flooding in southern Mexico that resulted in ten fatalities; however, a damage estimate is unknown.
Meteorological history.
Hurricane Boris originated from a tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa on June 8. The poorly organized wave tracked westward across the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea and entered the Pacific Ocean on June 23. The first signs of a circulation on satellite imagery appeared on June 26, centered about south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. The system gained enough circulation definition and rainbands to acquire tropical depression status on June 27. 
Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, the Aviation forecast model predicted Tropical Depression Four-E to make landfall in Mexico as a weak tropical storm in 12 hours. Around that time, the forecast track was issued by the National Hurricane Center late on June 27, stating that it would receive an outflow near Hurricane Alma. At the same time, the UKMET model had Tropical Depression Four-E remaining offshore Mexico. The same model also had the depression becoming Tropical Storm Boris. The National Hurricane Center forecasted Tropical Depression Four-E to become Tropical Storm Boris and make landfall in Mexico with winds of . In the same advisory, it was noted that the outer rain bands of Tropical Depression Four-E had moved onshore Mexico. 
The tropical cyclone moved northwestward at 8 to 10 knots, and for the next two days its maximum sustained winds strengthened from to . A ragged eye appeared on satellite imagery just before landfall on the afternoon of June 29, at a peak intensity of . The center crossed the south coast of Mexico midway between Lazaro Cardenas and Acapulco. Shortly after landfall, Boris weakened to a depression and turned southwestward in response to a building subtropical ridge to its north. The system, thoroughly disrupted by the mountainous terrain of Mexico, dissipated on the July 1 after moving back over water just south of Puerta Vallarta.
Preparations, impact and aftermath.
As Hurricane Boris was approaching Mexico, a tropical storm watch was issued for the coast between Manzanillo and Puerto Escondido on June 28. From Manzanillo to Puerto Maldonado, the tropical storm replaced with a hurricane warning the same day.
Boris caused ten deaths. One person was killed in Tecpan. Nearby, three other people drowned and five fishers were missing. In Acapulco, a child was killed when a roof collapsed. Also, in Acapulco, strong surf pushed fishing boats against a sea wall. Trees were downed, and business signs were blown down. Streets were flooded to the level of the tires. Trees were knocked down . 
A total of about 10,000 people were left homeless, and at least 70 people were injured. Damage is unknown. Rain was heavy throughout the impacted region, with the highest totals in Guerrero. A total of was recorded in Coyuca de Benítez. The highest total was at Paso de San Antonio, to the east of the point of landfall. Those rains caused a flood on the San Jeronimo River, which left at least 5000 homeless. In Tecpan, a countless number of homes were washed away. Winds went as high as . The storm flooded lobbies of hotels along the coast. Approximately 12 boats were sunk offshore. Tecpan bore the brunt of the storm, reporting heavy damage. The area was impacted by Hurricane Alma just a few days before. On July 18 the President of Mexico had a meeting for the victims of Boris and Cristina, a storm later that season, in Acapulco, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19202094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202094" title="NovaMin">
NovaMin

NovaMin is the brand name of a particulate bioactive glass that is used in dental care products for remineralisation of teeth. It was developed and patented by NovaMin Technology, Inc.. The active ingredient is the inorganic chemical calcium sodium phosphosilicate.
NovaMin delivers silica and ionic calcium, phosphorus, and sodium, which are necessary for bone and tooth mineralization.
How it works.
NovaMin particles bind to the tooth surface and, when the particle comes in contact with saliva and water, reacts with the water to release calcium and phosphate ions. These ions are protected by glass particles so that they can be delivered to specific locations rather than as a liquid solution. Sodium ions in the particles exchange with hydrogen cations, which allows the calcium and phosphate ions to be released. A calcium phosphate layer then forms and crystallizes as hydroxylapatite, a form of hard and strong mineral in teeth. The physical occlusion of dentinal tubules results from both the hydroxylapatite layer and the residual NovaMin particles.
The chemical reaction that leads to hydroxylapatite is:
Products Containing NovaMin.
Although some products are sold only through dentists, other products are available in stores or via Internet sales.
Acquisition of NovaMin by GSK.
Novamin was acquired by GlaxoSmithKline in May 2010 for $135 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19202108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202108" title="Jefisley André Caldeira">
Jefisley André Caldeira

Jefisley André Caldeira (born May 16, 1980) is a Brazilian midfielder who plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan. Some of his other former teams include Goiás, Beitar Jerusalem, Maccabi Petah Tikva and Hapoel Beer Sheva.
In September 2011, he signed at Hapoel Petah Tikva.

</doc>
<doc id="19202111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202111" title="SS Orontes">
SS Orontes

The SS "Orontes" was a passenger ship owned by Orient Line.
The ship was built in 1929 by Vickers Armstrong LTD. at Barrow-in-Furness, England.
Its sister ships were "Orama" (II), "Orford", "Oronsay", and "Otranto" (II).
Service.
The "Orontes"' maiden voyage was a Mediterranean Cruise in June 1929. From 1929 to 1940, it served on the England to Australia route. Famous passengers included the England cricket team on the way to the Bodyline tour in 1932.
During World War II, the "Orontes" became a troopship, serving that role from 1940 to 1947.
Known Voyages.
The ship was refitted as a single class passenger ship at Thorneycroft from 1947 to 1948 . It served on the England to Australia route from 1948 to 1962. In March 1958, "Orontes" was involved in a collision with SS "Empire Baltic" in the River Thames. The "Orontes" was scrapped at Valencia, Spain in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19202113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202113" title="Revalenta arabica">
Revalenta arabica

Revalenta Arabica is a name given to a preparation which was sold in the 18th century as an empirical diet for patients, extraordinary restorative virtues being attributed to it. It was, in reality, only a preparation of the common lentil, its first name being formed for disguise by the transposition of its earlier botanical name, "Ervum lens". While indeed lentils are a healthy and nutritious food, Revalenta Arabica's value was about similar to the common pea-meal (or ground split peas). 

</doc>
<doc id="19202116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202116" title="1961–62 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1961–62 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1961–62 campaign was a thoroughly impressive season for the Town, following the previous season's near miss with relegation to Division 3. In Eddie Boot's first full season in charge, Town finished in 7th place in Division 2 with 44 points, 10 off 2nd placed Leyton Orient and a further 8 behind league champions Liverpool.
Review.
After just missing out on relegation to Division 3, Eddie Boot took his first full season in charge to try to raise Town up to the top half of the Division 2. Town made a promising start with 4 wins from their first 6 games, including a 5–1 win against Plymouth Argyle and a 4–3 win at Luton Town. Derek Stokes had a great start to the season with 8 goals from the first 9 league games including a hat-trick in the 4–2 win against Walsall. An indifferent spell in October and November saw Town lose ground, but a player exchange in February would see Town surge up the table.
Jim Kerray moved to Newcastle United with experienced striker Len White returning to his native Yorkshire. His 8 goals in 16 matches propelled Town to the upper reaches of the Division 2. They would finish the season in 7th place with 44 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19202123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202123" title="Abraham Pasha">
Abraham Pasha

Abraham Pasha, originally Abraham Eramyan, (Istanbul, 1833 - Istanbul, 1918) was an Ottoman civil servant and diplomat of Armenian origin.
The son of an Armenian banker family, he was a close friend of Sultan Abdülaziz. He spoke fluently Turkish, Arabic and French, and was a prominent figure of Pera high society in Istanbul.
Financial decline.
1883 marked the beginning of Pasha's financial decline, he was financially ruined and unable to repay his debts. Abraham Pasha was forced to surrender his investments on the Bourse and all his properties to the Ottoman Bank in 1898. His personal properties were sold by the bank in 1919 to a stockbroker named Manouk Manoukian.

</doc>
<doc id="19202140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202140" title="Mali at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Mali at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Mali sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, the only athlete would have been powerlifter Facourou Sissoko. However, Sissoko was not allowed to start in the -75 kg class due to having tested positive for steroid use on September 6. He was given a two-year ban

</doc>
<doc id="19202154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202154" title="Touo language">
Touo language

The Touo language is spoken over the southern part of Rendova Island in the Solomon Islands. Touo belongs to the Central Solomons group of the Papuan languages. All the surrounding languages to Touo belong to the Oceanic subgroup of the Austronesian language family.
The Touo language is sometimes called the "Baniata" or "Lokuru" language, after the largest two villages where the language is spoken. The word "Touo" comes from the ethnonym that Touo speakers use to refer to themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="19202174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202174" title="Imtiaz Alam Hanfi">
Imtiaz Alam Hanfi

Muhammad Imtiaz Alam Hanfi (born January 6, 1929) is a Pakistani banker who has served as the governor of the central State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) and has been part of various government committees, including the Planning Commission. He was the first central bank governor in the country who came from within the State Bank of Pakistan and not belonging to apolitical party or international bodies like IMF etc.
Education.
Born in Allahabad, India, in 1929, Hanfi got his schooling at the CAV High School and completed intermediate school education at the Union Christian College. Hanfi suffered severe bronchitis and esthamatic problems in his childhood and doctors advised his parent to keep his away from studies or sports; which is why he started formal education from grade 5 only. In 1947 following the partition of India, when he was 18, his family left Allahabad and moved to Karachi, Pakistan where his father entered the civil service. Hanfi enrolled in Islamia College and went on to complete a master's degree in economics at the University of Karachi in 1952. During his higher education, his family was based in Hyderabad; where his father was an officer in Pakistan Railways.
State Bank of Pakistan career.
Hanfi always wanted to join the Civil Service, however he applied for an opening as an SBP Class I Officer, attending the interview on the insistence of his room-mate. He was posted at Lloyd's Bank in Karachi as an SBP trainee in 1952. In the post-training exams, although he stood at the top of the batch nationally, he was obsessed with following his father into the civil service and Hanfi had no plans to pursue a career at the SBP.
He would spend more than forty years at the central bank, with one brief stint as the chief executive of PICIC between 1981 and 1984. In 1984 he was recalled as deputy governor and eventually went on to be appointed as Governor of the State Bank in 1988.
He is also the only governor who has been appointed twice on the post; as Qasim Parekh was appointed as Governor State Bank when Hanfi resigned from the post, subsequent to his long standing non-agreement with PPP government on policy issues.
Policy highlights.
Hanfi started the financial sector reforms in 1987. He introduced a system of treasury bills auctions and foreign exchange reforms, including the relaxation and dismantling of controls; however, the most import was the handling of the BCCI crisis and privatization of the financial sector.
Hanfi faced pressure from international liquidators as well as Ministry of Finance (on international pressure) regarding the BCCI crisis, but Pakistan became the only country where depositors at BCCI were fully repaid. Hanfi was admant that BCCI Pakistan was locally incorporated and as per the Articles any assets of the bank would be handed over to international liquidator only if the local bank is facing bankruptcy and all local depositors have been paid off.
Hanfi also participated heavily in bank reforms. Banks had originally had credit ceilings, a practice not in line with a market-based financial system, and Hanfi did away with them and brought capital adequacy in line with international requirements.
Fall out with Government.
Hanfi since was not affiliated to any political party and had a very clean past; thus had no weak points and thus the political government of PPP and PMLN found it very difficult to get things done their way when it came to monetary policy. It was reported by famous journalist Shaheen Sahbai that Governor Sindh Jam Sadiq Ali openly told people that he would get Hanfi's family kidnapped as he was not approving the establishment of Mehran Bank. Later on his son was actually kidnapped and returned home after 34 days. In this time Hanfi resigned from his post however his resignation was rejected by then President of Pakistan Ghulam Ishaq Khan. It is important to note that Ghulam Ishaq Khan had worked with hanfi during his days as Governor of State Bank.
Personal life.
Hanfi has 4 children with his wife Razia; namely Zahida, Hamid, Farhi and Hena. Hanfi always avoided evening parties be it official or non official; nor did he socialize with any politicians and civil bureaucracy. He didn't even move to the Governor Residence (a lavish British style mansion next to British Council, Karachi) and stayed in his private house that he built in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19202176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202176" title="Namibia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Namibia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Namibia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. According to official records, the country's only representative was Reginald Benade, who appeared in two events in athletics and won a bronze medal in the discus throw.

</doc>
<doc id="19202189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202189" title="Béatrice Lalinon Gbado">
Béatrice Lalinon Gbado

Béatrice Lalinon Gbado is a children's writer from Benin.
She has written 31 children's books published by éditions Ruisseaux d'Afrique (Bénin) and EDICEF (France). 
She is married with four children.
She is director of Edition Ruisseaux d’Afrique.

</doc>
<doc id="19202205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202205" title="Carlos Corporán">
Carlos Corporán

Carlos Corporon (born January 7, 1984) is a professional baseball catcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball.
Professional career.
Milwaukee Brewers.
Corporan was drafted by Milwaukee in the 12th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft. In , he played for their Rookie-League Helena Brewers and Arizona Brewers. He was promoted to the Class-A Beloit Snappers in ; he stayed in Class-A in , but with the West Virginia Power. In and , Corporan split his time between the Class-A Advanced Brevard County Manatees and the Double-A Huntsville Stars. He started the season in Huntsville, but was later promoted to the Triple-A Nashville Sounds. In early 2009, he served as a backup catcher in Nashville before being called up to Milwaukee when backup catcher Mike Rivera sprained his ankle. In his only plate appearance for Milwaukee, he got his first hit in the majors off of shortstop Paul Janish. Corporan returned to Nashville after Rivera returned to playing. After the season, he filed for free agency.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
He was signed to a minor league contract by the Arizona Diamondbacks on December 4, 2009. He also received an invitation to spring training as part of the contract.
Houston Astros.
On June 10, 2011, Corporan was called up by the Houston Astros to replace back-up catcher Robinson Cancel.
Corporan was later removed from the 40-man roster, but had his contract purchased again on July 15, 2012.
Personal Life.
The 16-month-old son of Houston Astros catcher Carlos Corporan died on October 13, 2012. Corporan told the team Saturday that Carlos Corporan Jr. had died. The team said he had undergone four heart surgeries since his birth in June 2011. The team released a statement Saturday offering its condolences to the Corporan family, calling the boy's battle with serious health issues "an inspiration to so many of us."

</doc>
<doc id="19202219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202219" title="Cole Gillespie">
Cole Gillespie

Cole Braden Gillespie (born June 20, 1984) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Seattle Mariners organization. He is from Portland, Oregon.
Career.
Milwaukee Brewers.
Gillespie was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 3rd round of the 2006 Major League Baseball Draft out of Oregon State University where he helped lead the Beavers to the 2006 Division I National Championship over the North Carolina Tarheels and he was named the Pacific-10 Conference Player of the Year. After going pro in 2006, Gillespie played for their Rookie league Helena Brewers. He was promoted to the Class A-Advanced Brevard County Manatees in 2007. Gillespie spent the entire 2008 season with the Double-A Huntsville Stars. In 2009, he was promoted to the Triple-A Nashville Sounds.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
In late July 2009, he was traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks with Roque Mercedes for Felipe López and assigned to Triple-A Reno. Following the season, he was added to the 40 man roster to protect him from the Rule 5 Draft, and made his major league debut in a pinch hitting opportunity on April 21, hitting a double and later scoring a run.
San Francisco Giants.
On December 21, 2012, Gillespie signed a minor league contract with the San Francisco Giants. On July 5, 2013, the Giants purchased his contract and he joined the big league club. After going hitless in 10 plate appearances, he was designated for assignment on July 9, 2013.
Chicago Cubs.
On July 13, 2013, the Chicago Cubs claimed Gillespie off waivers. He was activated on July 14, and got a pinch hit single that night in the eighth inning against the St. Louis Cardinals. He was designated for assignment on September 4, 2013.
Seattle Mariners.
Gillespie signed a minor league deal with the Seattle Mariners in December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19202235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202235" title="Tala, Jalisco">
Tala, Jalisco

Tala is a village and a municipality in the state of Jalisco, Mexico. It is a small town that has grown over the years. 

</doc>
<doc id="19202239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202239" title="Smashing Young Man">
Smashing Young Man

"Smashing Young Man" is a song by the American post-grunge band Collective Soul. It is the third single from their second studio album "Collective Soul".

</doc>
<doc id="19202240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202240" title="Battle of Hubei">
Battle of Hubei

Hubei Pocket(湖北包圍戰) was a battle of encirclement that took place between late July and early December 1864, near the end of Taiping Rebellion, in the Hubei, China. It was, for all intents and purposes, the last desperate attempt in Taiping Rebellion's war effort to win the war, as more than 200,000 troops were taken prisoner, but a remainder of 19,000 Taiping troops led by Lai Wenguang broke out and marched into southern Henan and combined with 150,000 troops from the Nien Rebellion.

</doc>
<doc id="19202244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202244" title="Pei Zunqing">
Pei Zunqing

Pei Zunqing () (died 775), courtesy name Shaoliang (少良), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Suzong and Emperor Daizong.
Background.
It is not known what year Pei Zunqing was born—but as he was said to be in his 90s at his death in 775, based on Chinese protocol of age-counting, he would have been born between 677 and 686. He was from a prominent clan of Jiang Prefecture (絳州, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), which traced its ancestry to officials of Han Dynasty, Cao Wei, Jin Dynasty (265-420), Western Liang, Northern Wei, and Tang Dynasty. Pei Zunqing's grandfather Pei Yihong (裴義弘) served as a mid-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng") and carried the title of Duke of Xuanwu. Pei Zunqing's father Pei Quan (裴惓) was a prefectural prefect and carried the title of Baron of Hedong. Pei Zunqing had at least two older brothers, Pei Zunyu (裴遵裕) and Pei Zunye (裴遵業).
During Emperor Xuanzong's reign.
It was said that Pei Zunqing was ambitious but mild in his disposition, and he was studious and careful in his behavior in his youth. When he had become relatively old for a new official, he, on account of his heritage, was made the legal officer at Lu Prefecture (潞州, in modern Changzhi, Shanxi). Because of his relatively old age, he was not noticed, but was eventually summoned to the Tang capital Chang'an to serve in the ministry of civil service affairs (吏部, "Libu"), and then to serve as "Dali Cheng" (大理丞), the secretary general of the supreme court (大理寺, "Dali Si"). It was said that he was capable in judging cases and decided them logically. On one occasion, because the general Xiao Keji (蕭克濟) was harsh toward his subordinates, his soldiers made comments that suggested they were suggesting rebellion. When they were charged with treason, Pei responded, "They had no money to gather people, and no talent to command people. How could they commit treason?" It was said that because of Pei's judgment, tens of households were saved. Later, late in Emperor Xuanzong's "Tianbao" era (742-756), Pei served as a junior official at the ministry of civil service affairs and was in charge of selecting the junior officials. It was said that because the realm was peaceful at times, each year there would be tens of thousands of people coming to Chang'an seeking official commissions. Pei was said to be dexterous, knowledgeable, good in memory, detailed, and not harsh, despite the large amount of work he had to carry out, and was said to be the best at the task. During this period, he wrote a work known as the "Records of the Kings' Governance" (王政記), discussing the rites from ancient days to his own days; it was said that those who read the work saw that he had talent to be a high-level official. Toward the end of the "Tianbao" era, the chancellor Yang Guozhong was exceedingly powerful, and he sent most officials who were not his followers away from the capital. As Pei did not flatter Yang, he was sent out of the capital to serve as a commandery governor.
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
After Emperor Xuanzong was succeeded by his son Emperor Suzong in 756, Emperor Suzong recalled Pei Zunqing to serve as imperial attendant (給事中, "Geishizhong"), "Shangshu You Cheng" (尚書右丞, one of the secretaries general at the executive bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng")), and deputy minister of civil service affairs (吏部侍郎, "Libu Shilang"). Pei was said to be frugal and careful, drawing much praise. While Xiao Hua was chancellor, he knew Pei well and, whenever he met Emperor Suzong, would recommend Pei for promotion. In 761, based on Xiao's recommendation, Pei was made "Huangmen Shilang" (黃門侍郎) -- the deputy head of the examination bureau (門下省, "Menxia Sheng") -- and given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto".
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Emperor Suzong died in 762 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Daizong. Pei Zunqing continued to serve as chancellor. In 763, when the relationship between the imperial government and the general Pugu Huai'en had become exceedingly tense, because Emperor Daizong knew Pei to be faithful and honest, he sent Pei to Hezhong (河中, in modern Yuncheng) to try to sooth Pugu and persuade him to report to Chang'an. Pei was initially able to persuade Pugu to do so, but after opposition by Pugu's subordinate Fan Zhicheng (范志誠), Pugu changed his mind, and Pei returned to Chang'an empty-handed. (Pugu eventually rebelled, and his rebellion was only ended when he died in 765.) In 763, when a surprise Tufan attack on Chang'an forced Emperor Daizong to flee Chang'an, Pei was able to escape and follow Emperor Daizong to Shan Prefecture (陝州, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan). After Emperor Daizong returned to Chang'an, Pei and a fellow chancellor, Miao Jinqing, were removed from their chancellor posts and given honorary positions—in Pei's case, as an advisor to Emperor Daizong's crown prince Li Kuo. Pei was soon made minister of civil service affairs (吏部尚書) and "You Pushe" (右僕射), one of the heads of the executive bureau. He was again put in charge of selecting officials. As Pei was extremely old at the time, he was allowed to carry out this task at his mansion, which was considered a very high honor. On one occasion, a distant relative of his submitted an accusation that Pei was plotting treason, but Emperor Daizong knew of his carefulness and faithfulness and took no heed of the accusation. In his old age, Pei was said to be even more strict in his own behavior—he would be displeased if someone he recommended came to thank him as he found it to be inappropriate; and while he often conversed with Emperor Daizong to give advice, he would destroy the records of their conversations later. He died in 775, while still serving in these duties. His great-grandson Pei Shu would later serve as chancellor near the end of Tang Dynasty, under Emperor Zhaozong and Emperor Ai.

</doc>
<doc id="19202262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202262" title="National Union of School Students">
National Union of School Students

The National Union of School Students was a short lived English organisation founded in 1972. It campaigned primarily against compulsory school uniform and the use of corporal punishment in schools. 
With a grant from the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation, the union published the magazine "Blot" which featured the early work of the cartoonist Steve Bell.

</doc>
<doc id="19202263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202263" title="1970 Ireland rugby union tour of Argentina">
1970 Ireland rugby union tour of Argentina

The 1970 Ireland rugby union tour of Argentina was a series of matches played between August and September 1970 in Argentina by the Ireland national rugby union team.
Despite that the matches weren't officially recognised by the Irish Rugby Football Union as Test Matches, it was a real tour of Irish national team. At that time, the IRFU considered as official only matches against the other Home Unions, Australia, South Africa and New Zealand.
It was the third tour of a "Home Union" in Argentina in three years, after Wales (1968) and Scotland (1969) . And It was the second tour of an Irish side after the tour of 1952.
Argentina won the unofficial series with two victories.
Results.
Seleccionado del Interior: L. Capell; D. Filippa, R. Tarquini, G. Vera, M. Brandi; C. Navessi, L. 
Chacón; B. Casalle, J. Ghiringhelli, H. Barrera; R. Pasaglia, R. Campra (cap.); G. Ribeca, L. Ramos 
(C. Bianchi), M. Senatore (C. Abud) 
Ireland XV: T. Ciernan; A. Duggan, F. Brenishan, R. Murphy, W. Brown; B. Mc Gann, J. Molones; J. 
Buckley, A. Moore, R. Lamont; M. Mohillo, W. Mac Bride; P. O ́Callagham, J. Lynch. 
Ireland XV: B. O ́Driscoll; A. Duggan, F. Brenishan, F. O ́Driscoll, T. Grace; B. Mc Gann, L. Hall; R. Lamont, A. Moore, M. Hipwell; W. Mc Bride (cap.), P. Cassidy; S. Millar, J. Brich, J. Lynch. 
Ireland XV: T. Ciernan (cap.); A. Duggan, F. O ́Driscoll, F. Brenishan, W. Brown; B. Mc Gann, J. 
Molones; M. Hipwell, A. Moore, J. Buckley; M. Mohillo, W. Mc Bride; S. Millar, J. Birch, P. O ́Callaghan. 
(cap.); C. Bori, E. Elowson, J. Borghi; J. C. Anderson, J. Vorasoro; F. Insúa, G. Casas, E. Merelle. 
Ireland XV: T. Ciernan (cap.); A. Duggan, F. O ́Driscoll, B. O ́Driscoll, W. Brown; H. Murphy, L. Hall; R. Lamont, M. Hipwell, J. Buckley; P. Cassidy, M. Mohillo; J. Lynch, P. Madigan, P. O ́Callaghan. 
Pimentel, M. Cutler; J. Carracedo, J. Wittman, M. Morgan; A. Orzábal, F. Hughes; H. Incola, L. 
Lebrón, O. Carbone. 
Ireland XV: B. O ́Driscoll; T. Grace, F. Brenishan, H. Murphy, W. Brown (J. Maloney); F. O ́Driscoll, L. Hall; R. Lamont, M. Hipwell, J. Buckley; P. Cassidy, W. Mc Bride (cap.); J. Lynch, P. Madigan, S. Millar. 

</doc>
<doc id="19202268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202268" title="Matachin (album)">
Matachin (album)

Matachin is the second album by Bellowhead, released on 22 September 2008. Its title refers, to 'An old dance with swords, masks and bucklers; a sword dance' that may have influenced the Cotswold Morris dance. It has been described as "...a magnificently murky and rum-sodden collection of 11 traditional and original songs from the 11 piece band who defy easy categorisation".

</doc>
<doc id="19202282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202282" title="Wordsvalley">
Wordsvalley

WordsValley.org was initiated as a non-profit project to further enhance the availability of free content to the less fortunate peoples of the world.
Translation.
WordsValley is engaged in the translation of freely available archived books from sources such as Project Gutenberg into languages such as Urdu and Hindi.
Offline Portals.
WordsValley.org beta(i) offline portals are already functioning in few schools & libraries of Asia. These Offline portals were designed after a result of bandwidth tests done in several countries. 
The portals include libraries of indexed books + integrated course management systems.
Course and Learning Management systems.
The course, learning and library management (Content management system) solutions created by wordsvalley are undergoing deployment testing in several different institutions. WordsValley has created free management solutions for the developing and developed countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19202284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202284" title="Precious Declaration">
Precious Declaration

"Precious Declaration" is the first single by American rock band Collective Soul from their third studio album, "Disciplined Breakdown". A remixed version of the song was featured on MuchMusic's Diamond-certified compilation album, "Big Shiny Tunes 2".

</doc>
<doc id="19202289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202289" title="Israel national under-19 football team">
Israel national under-19 football team

Israel's national Under-19 team (), also known as Israel Under-19s or Israel U-19s, is considered to be the feeder team for the Israel national under-21 football team.
This team is for Israeli players aged 19 or under at the start of a two-year UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship campaign, so players can be, and often are, up to 20 years old. Also in existence are teams for Under-21s and Under-20s (for non-UEFA tournaments) and Under 17s. As long as they are eligible, players can play at any level, making it possible to play for the U-19s, senior side and again for the U-19s. It is also possible to play for one country at youth level and another at senior level (providing the player is eligible).
Israel U-19s do not have a permanent home. They play in stadia dotted all around Israel in an attempt to encourage fans in all areas of the country to get behind Israel. Because of the lack of appeal compared to the senior national team, smaller grounds are used (such as HaMoshava Stadium).
Current squad.
This squad is the squad selection for the 2014 UEFA European Under-19 Championship elite qualification.
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#FFDEAD" align="left" | Goalkeepers
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#BBF0C9" align="left" | Defenders
! colspan="9" bgcolor="BBF0C9" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Midfielders
! colspan="9" bgcolor="B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#FFACB3" align="left" | Forwards
! colspan="9" bgcolor="FFACB3" align="left" |

</doc>
<doc id="19202294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202294" title="David Welch (baseball)">
David Welch (baseball)

David John Welch (born June 2, 1983, in Sydney, Australia) is a professional baseball pitcher in the who is a free agent. He was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 20th round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft.
Professional career.
Milwaukee Brewers.
In 2005 he played for the Rookie-League Helena Brewers. He was promoted to the Class-A West Virginia Power in 2006, where he was tied for the South Atlantic League lead with one shutout. He was placed on the disabled list on June 2 with back spasms and was reinstated on June 15.
Welch's 2007 season was spent with the Class-A Advanced Brevard County Manatees where he allowed the fewest baserunners per game by a starter in the Florida State League (FSL). He recorded the ninth-lowest ERA (ERA) with a 3.43 clip in the FSL. He allowed the second-fewest walks per nine innings and fifth-best ERA as a starter in the FSL. He went 6-7 with a 3.43 ERA in 29 games, 20 starts, and led the team in innings pitched with 120 innings. He was placed on the disabled list on April 13 with a concussion and was reinstated on April 23.
Welch spent the 2008 season with the Double-A Huntsville Stars. He went 11-4 with a 3.90 ERA in 26 games, all starts. He had one shutout. Welch played all of the 2009 season in Huntsville. He was released by the Brewers during spring training 2010.
Sydney Blue Sox.
Welch was an integral part of the Sydney rotation along with Chris Oxspring. He finished the regular season with a league best 5-0 record with a 1.44 ERA. Welch threw a no-hitter against the Adelaide Bite in game one of the preliminary final series, the first in Australian Baseball League history.
David was expected to resign either in the US, Japan or Korea during 2011, but on 18 July 2011 announced his retirement from professional baseball.
International baseball.
In 2009, he was selected to play in the 2009 Baseball World Cup and posted an Australian record 13 strikeouts in only 7 innings against Chinese Taipei.

</doc>
<doc id="19202320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202320" title="Colegio de San Jose">
Colegio de San Jose

Colegio de San Jose a school in Iloilo in the Philippines. It is located in East Lopez St. Jaro, Iloilo City. It was the first Catholic school for girls in Western Visayas.
History.
Founding.
Colegio de San Jose had its humble beginning in 1872. Reverend Father Ildefonso Moral, C.M., rector of Jaro Archdiocesan Seminary and Don Recardo Mascuñana signed the contract of its establishment on July 9, 1871.
On May 1, 1872 the Daughters of Charity opened a school to provide Christian education for girls. In 1877 they decided to give up the school for lack of resources. Bishop Mariano Cuartero of Jaro realized the need of the teaching and the catechetical services of the Sisters. He gave them full charge of the Escuela Municipal, a free school for the poor, located at Sta. Isabel and Lopez Jaena Streets.
In 1881 another story was added to the Sister's quarter to answer to the urgent request of the parents. A dormitory for girls and a chapel were inaugurated by His Excellency Most Rev. Leandro Arrue, A.R., Bishop of Jaro.
In 1892 Reverend Father Domingo Viera, C.M. and Sor Juana Goita, D.C., Mother Superior, conceived the plan of constructing a college managed and owned by the Daughters of Charity. The Sisters were to continue managing the Escuela Municipal.
With the help of the higher Superiors and new loyal benefactors, the work immediately started. The site was ideally located at East Lopez Street. Manuel Uytiepo aided the sisters in finishing the building. In spite of the interruption of the Revolution of 1896, the new imposing Colegio de San Jose was inaugurated on March 19, 1896.
Along with the reconstruction of the building was the organization of the administration, re-examination of the education objectives, and adoption of new methods to suit the needs of the students. The curriculum included Reading, History, Writing, Arithmetic, Spanish Grammar, Practical Arts, and Religious and Moral Training. The emphasis was Christian formation and Christian manners and right conduct.
On September 14, 1917, five of the Sisters from Colegio de San Jose started the Colegio del Sagrado Corazon de Jesus in Iloilo City proper.
In 1926, the college was allowed to grant high school diplomas. Later on, it offered college courses like Music, Teacher Education, Secretarial and Commerce. Colegio de San Jose, the oldest school for girls in Western Visayas, had a complete library, a school of music, plus complete courses from pre-elementary to college.
Fire and new building.
On August 30, 1958, the school was razed by fire of undetermined origin. The "Viritas", local newspaper, quoted that the burning of Colegio de San Jose was both material and historic loss to Iloilo. The history of the education and cultural works of the Daughters of charity of St. Vincent de Paul was destroyed.
In the early 1950s, the Escuela Municipal became a free school serving as a laboratory for the in-campus practice teaching of normal education students. It functioned and even flourished after the fire of 1958 the building having withstood the fire.
Colegio de San Jose's Mission never died with the fire. Church and government official, heads of schools, superiors of the congregation like Sor Ana Cassassas and Sor Hermenegilda Beroiz and Father Zacariaz Zubinas, C.M., the whole D.C. province, loyal benefactors and alumni all over the country, contributed to the rebuilding of the new vigorous college. A new building was blessed by His Excellency Most Rev. Jose Ma. Cuenco, Archbishop of Jaro on November 27, 1959.
After Sister Ines Peña D.C. reconstructed the college and put things in order, Sister Tarsila Palermo, D.C. took over the management. During her term she also had the supervision of the opening of the Marillac Academy in Miag-ao, a sister institution of Colegio de San Jose. Sister Concepcion Gotera, D.C. who succeeded Sister Tarsila, carried on with the preparation of the school, until on September 6, 1969, it was officially opened. Then Sister Ines Peña, D.C. took over, followed by Sister Soledad Torre, D.C.
March 1979 marked a new thrust in the administration of CSJ and other D.C. schools. A new vision systemizing the management, supervision and administration of all D.C. schools was adopted. The Catholic School System Development Program was integrated in the Daughters of Charity Mission Statement.
School year 1981-1982 saw Colegio de San Jose making a forward thrust by opting for PAASCU accreditation. While the Basic Education Department had undergone and passed the Preliminary and Formal Survey, the College Department, in coordination with the faculty, students, personnel, parents, alumni and community launched the PAASCU Preliminary Survey on January 19–20, 1987.
Modernization.
To intensify the academic programs, a Computer Laboratory was installed in 1988 and computer subjects were offered in all courses. In 1990, the Two-Year Computer Secretarial was offered with the new Bachelor of Science in Accountancy program. The computer facilities were upgraded in 1993, Computer Technology was added as a new major in the AB, BSED, BEED programs while Computer Management was added as a new major in the BSC program.
The best feature of the Basic Education Department is its Personalized Education Program as confirmed by PAASCU Re-accreditation in 1988 for Upper BED and in 1990 for Lower BED.
Through the beneficent support of the alumni, parents and students, a new four-storey building was inaugurated and blessed on November 24, 1991 by Most Reverend Alberto Piamonte, D.D. on the occasion of the 400th Birth Anniversary of St. Louise de Marillac. Dedicated to her, this building is now the College Building or the Higher Education Department.
To cater to the increasing technological and cultural needs of the students, a new audio-visual room was installed and blessed on November 28, 1991. In response to the increasing school population, Health Services Center was relocated in 1991. It was centrally located within the school campus where emergency needs can be adequately provided.
Cognizant of its vision-mission, Colegio de San Jose continues to grant scholarship privileges to the economically deprived but deserving youth of the community. This was made possible through the Marillac Grantees Program.
The 120th Foundation Anniversary of Colegio de San Jose was marked by the launching of Basic Ecclesial Communities on October 2, 1992. A big budgeted "Louise" written and directed by Fr. James Reuter, S.J. shown on November 27–29, 1992, stole the limelight as it duplicated the success of a similar play produced in Manila by the DC schools.
Colegio de San Jose was chosen as a pilot school in 1993-94 for the Revised Religious Education Program in the DC Schools System.
In February 1994, the Upper Basic Education Department was successfully granted by PAASCU another five-year accredited status. Commendable is the sincere and earnest efforts of the Administration to work for Lay Empowerment wherein co-responsibility is given to lay partners.
Faced with challenge of the school's mission to build Christian Communities, the Faculty and Non-Teaching Personnel of Colegio de San Jose underwent series of retreats and seminars to prepare them to Basic Ecclesial Communities which have evidently strengthened the harmonious relationship between and among faculty members, administration, students and parents. This contributed greatly to the continual building up of Colegio de San Jose into a Christian-Vincentian community, developing in them a strong sense of dedication and spirit of service.
School year 1994-95 was geared toward PAASCU Re-Survey of the Lower Basic Education Department and Formal PAASCU Survey for the Higher Education Department. A three-year accredited status was granted by PAASCU to the Higher Education Department on April 21, 1995.
It is an ongoing concern of the administration to improve its facilities and provide better learning encounters for the clientele. During the school year 1994-1995, a new Reading Center and an office for the Student Personnel Services were installed. The Music Room had been relocated, and this revived students' potentials for music. Special courses in Piano, Guitar, Organ and Voice are offered.
Living to its mission with preferential love for the poor, the Marillac Grantees' Dormitory was renovated and greatly improved to serve their needs.
In the same school year, initial efforts toward integrated administration between Colegio de San Jose and its sister school, Colegio del Sagrado Corazon de Jesus were effected to realize the SLMSS-DC school system approach. In this set-up, CSJ and CSCJ share a common president. This innovation creates a more competent sharing of each other's potentials and resources thereby accomplishing its core values and education thrusts.
To respond to the needs of the growing population, a new three-storey building was inaugurated and blessed in June 1996. This is now the St. Joseph Building that houses the Lower Basic Education.
In summer 1996, Colegio de San Jose, in its efforts to continuously provide relevant quality education in answer to the demands of the times and advance in technology, started to extend its computer facilities to the larger community of offering short/special courses in computer. In like manner, the Higher Education enriched its curriculum during the school year 1996-1997 by offering Management Accounting as an additional major in the Commerce Program.
The continuing development of Colegio de San Jose is a collaborative effort of committed administration, faculty, personnel, students, parents, and alumni journeying together toward an integrated academic and non-academic programs with Christian formation as the core permeating all its activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19202340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202340" title="Altoona Works">
Altoona Works

Altoona Works is a large railroad industrial complex in Altoona, Pennsylvania. It was built by the Pennsylvania Railroad to supply the railroad with locomotives, railroad cars and related equipment. For many years it was the largest railroad shop complex in the world.
History.
In 1849, PRR officials developed plans to construct a repair facility at a town newly established for this purpose, Altoona. Construction was started in 1850, and soon a long building was completed that housed a machine shop, woodworking shop, blacksmith shop, locomotive repair shop and foundry. This facility was later torn down to make room for continuing expansion.
The initial portions of the complex were constructed in 1850, and many additional buildings and facilities were added to the complex up until 1925. For many years it was the largest railroad shop complex in the world.
Initial construction of the works was in the 12th Street area during the 1850s. These facilities were replaced later by the Altoona Machine Shops. The first locomotive was built there in 1866. A total of 6,783 steam, diesel and electric locomotives were manufactured in Altoona between 1866 and 1946.
In time additional PRR repair facilities were located in Harrisburg, Pittsburgh, and Mifflin, and the Altoona Works expanded in adjacent Juniata, Pennsylvania. Inventor Alexander Graham Bell sent two assistants to the Altoona shops in 1875 to study the feasibility of installing telephone lines.
In 1875 the Altoona Works started a testing department for PRR equipment. In following years, the Pennsylvania Railroad led the nation in the development of research and testing procedures of practical value for the railroad industry. Use of the testing facilities was discontinued in 1968 and many of the structures were demolished.
In May 1877, telephone lines were installed for various departments to communicate with one another.
Fort Wayne, Indiana, also held a key position for the railroad. By the turn of the 20th century, its repair shops and locomotive manufacturing facilities became known as the "Altoona of the West."
In the 1920s the site consisted of 125 buildings on , and the shops employed over 16,000 workers. Portions of the complex are still in use by Norfolk Southern Railway (NS).
By 1945 the Altoona Works had grown to be one of the largest repair and construction facilities for locomotives and cars in the world. During World War II, PRR facilities (including the Altoona Shops) were on target lists of German saboteurs. They were caught before they could complete their missions.
At present, the locomotive shop at Juniata is operated by Norfolk Southern and employs around 1,100 men and women.

</doc>
<doc id="19202353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202353" title="1976 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand and Fiji">
1976 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand and Fiji

1976 Ireland rugby union tour of New Zealand and Fiji. The Ireland national rugby union team toured New Zealand and Fiji for the first time in 1976. Although Ireland had first played the All Blacks in 1905, this tour saw Ireland play them away for the first time. However the tour is probably best remembered for the final game against Fiji. A tired Ireland team arrived in Fiji only to discover that, as a result of a scheduling mistake, the senior Fiji team were actually on tour in Australia. The Fiji Rugby Union did, however, put together what was effectively a reserve side. Despite this Ireland only managed to win 8-0. As well as playing in extremely hot weather, Ireland also had to deal with a pitch invasion by dozens of frogs. Mike Gibson, Willie Duggan, Philip Orr and Moss Keane all returned to New Zealand with the British Lions for their 1977 tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19202355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202355" title="Tetepare language">
Tetepare language

According to local oral history, the indigenous people of the now-uninhabited island of Tetepare spoke their own language, different from the other languages of the region. Published materials are insufficient to establish whether this language was an Austronesian language like most of the surrounding languages (Roviana, Marovo and the rest of the New Georgia subgroup), or a non-Austronesian language like neighboring Touo. Language maps sometimes show the Touo language extending to Tetepare Island, but this seems to be an accident.

</doc>
<doc id="19202365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202365" title="Gary Fletcher">
Gary Fletcher

Gary Fletcher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19202374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202374" title="Niclas Frisk">
Niclas Frisk

Niclas Frisk (born Niclas Patrik Frisk, 14 February 1969, Mora, Dalarna, Sweden) is a Swedish musician and the founder of Atomic Swing. He is a singer, guitarist, and composer. He started Atomic Swing after he was in Perssons Pack as the guitarist. He has worked as a producer, and wrote songs with Andreas Mattsson for Swedish artists Peter Jöback, Titiyo, Popsicle, Jerry Williams, Space Age Baby Jane, Brolle Jr, Carola, and Ainbusk He has written movie music for the films "Expectations", "Big Girls Don't Cry", and "SÖK". Other bands he has been a member of include Sweet Chariots, A Camp, and Vanessa and the O's.

</doc>
<doc id="19202375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202375" title="Airways International Cymru destinations">
Airways International Cymru destinations

Airways International Cymru served the following destinations (during its operations):

</doc>
<doc id="19202414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202414" title="Lone Oaks">
Lone Oaks

Lone Oaks, also known as the Benjamin Deyerle Place and Winsmere, is a Greek Revival mansion listed on both the National Register of Historic Places and the Virginia Landmarks Register in the Greater Deyerle neighborhood of the independent city of Roanoke, Virginia, U.S.A. Located at 3402 Grandin Road Extension SW, Lone Oaks was completed in 1850 as the private residence of Benjamin Deyerle overlooking Mudlick Creek. Today the home still stands, with the surrounding area now developed as single family home typical of those built during the 1970s-80s. Today the home remains as a private residence.  The house is L-shaped with a single pediment Doric entrance portico, which has plain square pillars and fluted columns.  It became a Virginia Historic Landmark and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19202453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202453" title="Emil Rödiger">
Emil Rödiger

Emil Rödiger (13 October 1801, Sangerhausen – 15 June 1874) was a German orientalist.
He studied philosophy and theology at the University of Halle, where in 1830, he became an associate professor of Oriental languages, followed by a full professorship in 1835. He moved to Berlin in 1860, and remained there for the rest of his life.
He published a new edition of Lokman's "Fables" (1830); "Syrische Crestomathie" (1838); and "Himjaritische Schriftmonumentie" (1841). After the death of Wilhelm Gesenius (1786-1842), he finished his "Thesaurus Linguae Hebraicae", and edited his Hebrew grammar from the 13th to the 21st edition (1874).

</doc>
<doc id="19202473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202473" title="Sherwood, Maryland">
Sherwood, Maryland

Sherwood is an unincorporated community in Talbot County, Maryland, United States. The United States Postal Service has assigned Sherwood the ZIP Code 21665.

</doc>
<doc id="19202474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202474" title="The Spy's Wife">
The Spy's Wife

"The Spy's Wife" is a 1972 British short crime film directed by Gerry O'Hara and starring Julian Holloway, Dorothy Tutin and Tom Bell.

</doc>
<doc id="19202482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202482" title="Kimberley–Perth Canal">
Kimberley–Perth Canal

The Kimberley–Perth Canal is a proposal to channel water from the Fitzroy River in the Kimberley region of Western Australia via the Pilbara, to the southwestern capital of Perth, a distance of approximately .
History.
In the late 1980s, Water Resources Minister Ernie Bridge proposed a water pipeline from the Kimberley.
In 2005, infrastructure company Tenix proposed the idea of a $2 billion, wide canal as a solution for Perth and the Western Australian region's water problems.
The canal proposal was presented as part of Colin Barnett's unsuccessful 2005 state election campaign. 
As opposition leader, he ruled it out when campaigning for the 2008 election. 
In 2012, following Perth's driest July on record, Premier Barnett raised the proposal again, saying that "from a technical or engineering point of view, it's not difficult to do".
Water source.
The Fitzroy River, with its catchments fed by variable tropical rainfall, is reported to deliver 9,200 gigalitres of mean annual flow, and at peak floods is stated as being "probably the largest river in Australia" when it has been reported to discharge up to 30,000 cubic metres per second into King Sound and the Indian Ocean.
To prevent damage to the river, the surrounding environment and fish, surplus wet-season flood flow would be pumped from the river inland from the coast and transported by canal, avoiding interference with the eco-sensitive flood plain, then stored by aquifer recharge in and re-gathered from the La Grange Aquifer – a long natural underground lake – to provide a variable wet-season buffer supply.
Environmental issues.
Environmental groups generally consider Kimberley water should not be developed at all, and the World Wildlife Fund cited a 1993 WA Government report stating that aquifers in the Fitzroy River had volumes of not much more than and that the pipeline or canal requirements would cause serious environmental damage.

</doc>
<doc id="19202488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202488" title="Blaenycoed">
Blaenycoed

Blaenycoed, or Blaen-y-coed is a village situated between Carmarthen and Newcastle Emlyn in the West of Wales.
General information.
The small village contains a chapel, a postbox, a phonebox and a few small farms. The name "Blaen-y-coed" literally translated into English means "Head-of-a-wood." 

</doc>
<doc id="19202502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202502" title="Stereo microscope">
Stereo microscope

The stereo or stereoscopic or dissecting microscope is an optical microscope variant designed for low magnification observation of a sample, typically using light reflected from the surface of an object rather than transmitted through it. The instrument uses two separate optical paths with two objectives and eyepieces to provide slightly different viewing angles to the left and right eyes. This arrangement produces a three-dimensional visualization of the sample being examined. Stereomicroscopy overlaps macrophotography for recording and examining solid samples with complex surface topography, where a three-dimensional view is needed for analysing the detail. 
The stereo microscope is often used to study the surfaces of solid specimens or to carry out close work such as dissection, microsurgery, watch-making, circuit board manufacture or inspection, and fracture surfaces as in fractography and forensic engineering. They are thus widely used in manufacturing industry, both for manufacture, inspection and quality control. 
The stereo microscope should not be confused with a compound microscope equipped with double eyepieces and a binoviewer. In such a microscope, both eyes see the same image, with the two eyepieces serving to provide greater viewing comfort. However, the image in such a microscope is no different from that obtained with a single monocular eyepiece.
Differences to normal optical microscopes.
Unlike a compound light microscope, illumination in a stereo microscope most often uses reflected illumination rather than transmitted (diascopic) illumination, that is, light reflected from the surface of an object rather than light transmitted through an object. Use of reflected light from the object allows examination of specimens that would be too thick or otherwise opaque for compound microscopy. Some stereo microscopes are also capable of transmitted light illumination as well, typically by having a bulb or mirror beneath a transparent stage underneath the object, though unlike a compound microscope, transmitted illumination is not focused through a condenser in most systems. Stereoscopes with specially-equipped illuminators can be used for dark field microscopy, using either reflected or transmitted light. 
Great working distance and depth of field are important qualities for this type of microscope. Both qualities are inversely correlated with resolution: the higher the resolution ("i.e." the greater the distance at which two adjacent points can be distinguished as separate), the smaller the depth of field and working distance. Some stereo microscopes can deliver a useful magnification up to 100×, comparable to a 10× objective and 10× eyepiece in a normal compound microscope, although the magnification is often much lower. This is around one tenth the useful resolution of a normal compound optical microscope.
The large working distance at low magnification is useful in examining large solid objects such as fracture surfaces, especially using fibre-optic illumination. Such samples can also be manipulated easily so as to determine the points of interest. There are severe limitations on sample size in scanning electron microscopy, as well as ease of manipulation in the specimen chamber.
Magnification.
There are two major types of magnification systems in stereo microscopes. One is fixed magnification in which primary magnification is achieved by a paired set of objective lenses with a set degree of magnification. The other is zoom or pancratic magnification, which are capable of a continuously variable degree of magnification across a set range. Zoom systems can achieve further magnification through the use of auxiliary objectives that increase total magnification by a set factor. Also, total magnification in both fixed and zoom systems can be varied by changing eyepieces.
Intermediate between fixed magnification and zoom magnification systems is a system attributed to Galileo as the "Galilean optical system" ; here an arrangement of fixed-focus convex lenses is used to provide a fixed magnification, but with the crucial distinction that the same optical components in the same spacing will, if physically inverted, result in a different, though still fixed, magnification. This allows one set of lenses to provide two different magnifications ; two sets of lenses to provide four magnifications on one turret ; three sets of lenses provide six magnifications and will still fit into one turret. Practical experience shows that such Galilean optics systems are as useful as a considerably more expensive zoom system, with the advantage of knowing the magnification in use as a set value without having to read analogue scales. (In remote locations, the robustness of the systems is also a non-trivial advantage.)
Illumination.
Small specimens necessarily require intense illumination, especially at high magnifications, and this is usually provided by a fibre-optic light source. Fiber optics utilize halogen lamps which provide high light output for a given power input. The lamps are small enough to be fitted easily near the microscope, although they often need cooling to ameliorate high temperatures from the bulb. The fibre-optic stalk gives the operator much freedom in choosing appropriate lighting conditions for the sample. The stalk is encased in a sheath that is easy to move and manipulate to any desired position. The stalk is normally unobtrusive when the lit end is near the specimen, so usually does not interfere with the image in the microscope. Examination of fracture surfaces frequently need oblique lighting so as to highlight surface features during fractography, and fibre-optic lights are ideal for this purpose. Several such light stalks can be used for the same specimen, so increasing the illumination yet further.
More recent developments in the lighting for dissecting microscopes include the use of high-power LEDs which are much more energy efficient than halogens and are able to produce a spectrum of colors of light, making them useful for fluorophore analysis of biological samples (impossible with a halogen or mercury vapor light source).
Digital display with stereo microscopes.
Recently, video dual CCD camera pickups have been fitted to stereo microscopes, allowing the images to be displayed on a high resolution LCD monitor. Software converts the two images to an integrated anaglyph 3D image, for viewing with plastic red/cyan glasses, or to the cross converged process for clear glasses and somewhat better color accuracy. The results are viewable by a group wearing the glasses. More typically, a camera attached to one of the eyepieces will record conventional 2D images.

</doc>
<doc id="19202506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202506" title="Macau at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Macau at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Macau competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. Macau was represented by two athletes: Kuong Sio-leng in women's shotput and discus, and Ao Loi-si in men's 50m and 100m freestyle swimming. Macau did not win any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19202513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202513" title="The Hostages">
The Hostages

The Hostages is a 1975 British adventure film directed by David Eady and starring Stephen Garlick, Jayne Collins, Peter Marshall, Julian Holloway and Robin Askwith.

</doc>
<doc id="19202515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202515" title="August Lucae">
August Lucae

Johann Constantin August Lucae (August 24, 1835 – March 17, 1911) was a German otologist who was a native of Berlin.
He studied medicine in Berlin and Bonn, and in 1859 earned his doctorate. He furthered his studies in London with Joseph Toynbee (1815–1866), later returning to Berlin, where he worked in Virchow's pathological institute. In 1871 he became an associate professor, and in 1874 was appointed director of the university policlinic for ear diseases. In 1899 Lucae became a full professor of otology at the University of Berlin.
Lucae made numerous contributions in the field of otology, being remembered for his pioneer studies involving the transmission of sound via bone conduction for diagnosis of ear disease. He is credited with introducing an "interference otoscope", an apparatus he developed to determine the relative amount of reflection from both ears. 
His name is associated with several instruments used in otology, including the "Lucae pressure probe", a device which uses vibratory massage for treatment of the middle ear in cases of progressive deafness.

</doc>
<doc id="19202518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202518" title="Seersucker Thursday">
Seersucker Thursday

Seersucker Thursday was an annual tradition in the United States Congress in which Senators don the lightweight, striped, summer-friendly fabric seersucker, in the spirit of traditional Southern clothes, on usually the second or third Thursday of June.
The tradition was started by Republican Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi in 1996 who wanted to "bring a little Southern charm to the Capitol" to remind the Senate of how Senators dressed before the advent of air conditioning in the 1950s. The cotton weave, which originated in western India, became a signature look of the United States in the early 20th century because its light weight and pre-rumpled surface made it ideal for the oppressive humidity of summer. 
While this tradition was an annual event, it is common to see Congressional staffers don seersucker suits on Thursdays throughout the year.
History of the seersucker suit.
Seersucker weave was introduced to the American south, probably through British colonial trade, sometime in the second half of the 19th century.
In 1907 a New Orleans tailor made the first seersucker suit to make the summer wear more comfortable. He called the light weight, pale blue and white striped rumpled cotton fabric "seersucker" from the Persian words for "milk" and "sugar". The suits became widely popular because they retained their fashionably good looks even despite multiple washings that are necessary during the summer. In the 1920s seersucker suits were adopted by the wealthy Northerners who vacationed in the South and from there became near universal in Northeastern cities in the 1930s. Well into the 20th century, on the first warm days of spring, journalists would report on the seasonal transition in the poorly ventilated Senate chamber.
The wearing of seersucker suits declined with the advent of air conditioning. By the 1950s, air conditioning reached the Capitol, ending the necessity of seersucker suits there.
Gregory Peck famously wore a seersucker suit in the movie "To Kill a Mockingbird", creating a cliché of how small town Southern lawyers dressed invoked by later actors such as Andy Griffith. The image of a bow-tied, seersucker-suited young man in a boater hat is likewise a cliche image of a recent graduate of elite Northeastern colleges.
History of Seersucker Thursday.
In 1996 Senator Trent Lott decided to bring the tradition back. His goal was to show that "the Senate isn’t just a bunch of dour folks wearing dark suits and—in the case of men—red or blue ties". In 2004, Senator Dianne Feinstein decided to increase participation by encouraging women senators to follow the tradition. The following year 11 of the 14 women senators appeared on Seersucker Thursday in outfits received as gifts from Feinstein.
As of June 27, 2012, Seersucker Thursday was announced to be discontinued. However, it is common for Senate staffers to continue the tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="19202521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202521" title="Marie Alix, Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein">
Marie Alix, Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein

Princess Marie Alix of Schaumburg-Lippe (born 2 April 1923 at Bückeburg, Lower Saxony, Germany) was the Duchess consort of Schleswig-Holstein and the mother of the current Head of the House of Oldenburg, Christoph, Prince of Schleswig-Holstein. Marie Alix is the daughter of Prince Stephan Alexander Viktor of Schaumburg-Lippe and his wife Duchess Ingeborg Alix of Oldenburg. Her paternal grandfather was Georg, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe.
She is also the matrilineal heir of Euphrosyne Doukaina Kamatera.
Marriage and issue.
Marie Alix married Peter, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein, son of Wilhelm Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Marie Melita of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, on 9 October 1947 in Glücksburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Marie Alix and Peter had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="19202534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202534" title="1979 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia">
1979 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia

 
The 1979 Ireland rugby union tour of Australia was a series of eight matches played by the Ireland national rugby union team in Australia in May and June 1979.
The tour was one of Ireland's most successful to date. Ireland won seven of the eight matches they played, including both tests against Australia. The only defeat came against Sydney. The tour also marked a notable episode in the rivalry between the two Ireland fly halves, Tony Ward and Ollie Campbell. Ward had been an ever present during both the 1978 and 1979 Five Nations Championships and he also played in the early games during this tour. However he was then dropped before the first test in favour of Campbell. Campbell subsequently emerged as man of the tour, setting an Irish record when he scored 60 points during the remaining games. On 3 June in Brisbane he scored 19 points, helping Ireland to a 27-12 victory. Campbell scored four penalties, one drop goal and converted two Colin Patterson tries. In the second test on 16 June Campbell scored two drop goals and a penalty as Ireland won 9-3. These two tests also marked the beginning and the end of the careers of two Ireland rugby legends. The first test saw the debut of Ciaran Fitzgerald while the second saw Mike Gibson make his final Ireland appearance. While on this tour Ned Byrne was the victim of a hit and run road accident which left his leg broken in three places. 

</doc>
<doc id="19202561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202561" title="OK Now">
OK Now

OK Now is the second full-length studio album by American singer-songwriter Jon McLaughlin. The album was released on October 7, 2008 in the United States. "OK Now" was preceded by the electropop-influenced first single, "Beating My Heart", in July 2008. Being released digitally in June 2008, the single charted in August 2008, and peaked at number 18 on "Billboard"'s Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks.
Critical reception.
The album has received generally positive reviews from music critics. "Allmusic" refers to the albums as "unapologetic mainstream pop that's not heard too much at the tail-end of the 2000s" and points out that ""OK Now" illustrates that Jon McLaughlin has a greater gift for a big, bright hook than most of his pop singer/songwriter peers." "ARTISTdirect" states that McLaughlin's new style "makes much of "OK Now" one of those albums that could soundtrack any number of life's heartfelt moments." "Jesusfreakhideout" gave the album a 4 of out 5 rating, and praised the album by complimenting it on a risk that worked out well and his new style that "comes off as a clear winner and will unquestionably captivate fans until the next time around." It does pity the fact "Smack Into You" was not included on the album, by describing it as a song that "literally defines Jon's entire musical substance". The song was re-recorded as "Smash Into You" by R&B/Pop singer Beyoncé and was included on the deluxe edition of her 2008 album, "I Am… Sasha Fierce".
"Stereo Subversion" was less enthusiastic though, stating "the album suffers from a serious case of disorganization and drag" being "heavy on cheesy diary-entry balladry" and finally stating that "the album shows little of what makes Jon McLaughlin such an interesting songwriter, and it’s sad to think that the first introduction much of America will get to his music is this mediocre mess."
Track listing.
As confirmed by Amazon.com:
Chart performance.
"OK Now" debuted within the top 50 of the "Billboard" 200, at number forty-nine (#49), marking his highest debut to date, selling over 10,700. The next week though, it dropped to number 188, selling over 3,000 in its second week, to come at a total of nearly 14,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19202564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202564" title="131 Independent Commando Squadron Royal Engineers">
131 Independent Commando Squadron Royal Engineers

131 Independent Commando Squadron Royal Engineers, is a reserve unit of the British Territorial Army, affiliated to 24 Commando Regiment Royal Engineers. It provides general engineering support to 3 Commando Brigade Royal Marines and is the largest Territorial Army Commando unit. The squadron has deployed worldwide to provide combat engineer support to 3 Commando Brigade, often deploying in small sub-units.
The Squadron.
131 Independent Commando Squadron was first raised in 1947 as an airborne engineer regiment, with a strength of over 1,000 trained parachute engineers. Since 1978 the unit has been an independent squadron of Commando-trained soldiers providing engineering support to the Royal Marines. 
As a Commando unit the majority of personnel have completed the Territorial Army All Arms Commando Course, run by the Royal Marines at Lympstone. This demanding course is the foundation for all further training.
As an engineer unit the Squadron trains for a variety of tasks from demolitions to construction. The unit has its own chefs, clerks and mechanics to sustain personnel and equipment. 
The unit frequently deploys on tasks with, or to support, the Regular Forces in both the UK and abroad. In recent years the Squadron has deployed personnel on exercises and operations with 3 Commando Brigade units to Iraq, Afghanistan, Oman, the USA, Norway, France, Malawi, the Falkland Islands, Jordan, Romania and Egypt .
131 Squadron has sent teams to the annual Exercise Cambrian Patrol competition held at the Sennybridge Training Area and has won the Courage Trophy competition a record five times (1977, 1978, 1992, 1993 and 1994). Over the last 15 years the unit has also built up a strong cross-country skiing pedigree, with a fantastic record in the UK Land Command and National Cross-Country Ski Championships.
Organisation.
The Squadron consists of four troops based in the following locations around the UK:
Hull-based 299 Troop, which was part of 131 until 2007, have now gone on to become part of a new Air Assault Engineer Squadron (299 Parachute Squadron, RE(V)).
History.
1940s: Airborne Forces Role.
With the reformation of the Territorial Army in 1947, the unit was raised as 131 Airborne Engineer Regiment in support of 16 Airborne Division. The division, taking its number from the wartime 1st and 6th Airborne Divisions, was commanded by Major-General Roy Urquhart and consisted of three TA parachute brigades (44, 45 and 46 Parachute Brigades), each containing three parachute battalions. With all volunteers going through 'P Company' to gain their Red Berets and earning their Parachute Wings at RAF Abingdon, the Regiment provided a squadron of parachute engineers to support each Brigade: 299 Airborne Field Squadron in Hull; 300 Airborne Field Squadron in Liverpool, later Glasgow; and 301 Airborne Field Squadron in Croydon. The regimental headquarters was in Pont Street in Knightsbridge, with 302 Airborne Field Park Squadron based in Hendon. Manning a Regiment of this size presented no problems, with many recently demobilised World War II soldiers, including many former paratroopers, willing to join the regiment. Experienced leadership was in no short supply either. For example, 299 Squadron was raised by Major George Widdowson, previously of the Green Howards, who had fought at Arnhem as Second-in-Command of the decimated 10th Battalion The Parachute Regiment, whilst at Surrey-based 301 Squadron Major Bev Holloway became OC and later Regimental Second-in-Command. His World War Two pedigree included having parachuted into Normandy on D Day as a troop commander with 3rd Parachute Squadron RE.
1950s.
Territorial Army reorganisations took place in 1956, with 16 Airborne Division disbanded and replaced by a single TA Parachute Brigade, 44 Independent Parachute Brigade Group. 131 Regiment was sufficiently well established to ensure that it was retained in size but changed to 131 Parachute Engineer Regiment, with all squadron titles replacing the term 'Airborne' with 'Parachute'. RHQ moved half a mile down the road to the Duke of York's Headquarters in the King's Road, co-located with Brigade Headquarters. Troop locations evolved through the 1950s too, with 301 Squadron moving to Guildford and gaining a Birmingham based troop as a result of the demise of 18th Battalion The Parachute Regiment. The Liverpool-based troop also went on to become part of 299 Squadron, whilst 300 Squadron, gained troops in Edinburgh and Falkirk to become wholly Scottish. One final change saw 302 Squadron move from Hendon to nearby Kingsbury, with its Luton-based Plant Troop also relocating to Kingsbury, in 1959. 
In the early 1960s, 131 was the biggest unit in the British Army. It fielded over 1,000 trained parachute engineers and was believed to have the largest amount of men earning their annual bounty in the whole of the Territorial Army. Many of the unit's members were also members of the Emergency Reserve, giving them a higher call-out obligation. Basic training was only beginning to be introduced because, up until this time, all unit members were either ex-regulars, ex-WW2 volunteers or ex-National Servicemen. Throughout the period of the Regiment's existence, squadron-sized detachments served their annual camps in many overseas theatres, carrying out close support and construction engineer tasks as well as parachuting with United States, Canadian, French and Italian forces. A popular event on the Regimental calendar was Exercise Sea Splash, where its soldiers would parachute into the harbour in St Peter Port in Guernsey, awaited by a fleet of small boats and cheering islanders. 131's first Honorary Colonel, Lt General Sir Philip Neame VC, KBE, CB, DSO, had initiated the Regiment's involvement with the island when he served as its governor after the War, and the parachute foray was always treated as a celebration of the liberation from German control in 1945.
1960s.
In 1964, the bulk of the Regiment carried out its Annual Camp in Aden Protectorate and in 1965 and 1966 elements of the Regiment deployed to the country again. During the 1965 camp, on the night of 12 April, 300 Parachute Squadron was attacked by guerrillas whilst working with 24 Field Squadron on the construction of the Dhala Road at Al-Milah near the Yemen frontier. Squadron Sergeant Major John Lonergan of 300 Squadron and Sgt Atfield, the Pay Sgt of 24 Field Squadron, were both killed during the action and are buried at the Ma-Allah Cemetery, now within the Republic of Yemen. The Regimental Medical Officer, who risked his life to attend to those who had been wounded and to rescue two badly injured men caught out in the open, was awarded the MBE for gallantry. He was recommended for the award of the Military Cross but that award could not be made, as the Regiment had not been mobilised for active service.
The second major post-war reorganisation of the TA in 1967 saw the Regiment reduced to a single independent squadron on 1 April 1967. 131 Independent Parachute Squadron Royal Engineers (Volunteers) maintained its role in support of the three parachute battalions of 44 Independent Parachute Brigade Group (Volunteers). Squadron Headquarters and the Support Troop was based in Kingsbury in London, with Troops in Birmingham, Hull and Grangemouth. Troops took the names of the Squadrons they had replaced, with 299 Troop in Hull, 300 Troop in Grangemouth, 301 Troop in Birmingham and 302 Troop (Support Troop to the whole Sqn) in Kingsbury. The remaining locations, ranging from Guildford to Glasgow, were lost along with a significant portion of the unit's manpower.
1970s.
The three field troops continued to support a TA parachute battalion each, with 299 Troop linked to the 4th (Volunteer) Battalion The Parachute Regiment, 300 Troop to the 15th (Scottish Volunteer) Battalion and 301 Troop to the 10th (Volunteer) Battalion. Travel far and wide, with associated opportunities for engineer support, construction and parachuting continued as ever. At times Troops would carry out annual camps in direct support of their battalions, such as 299's 1972 camp with 4 Para in Jamaica, whilst on other occasions the Squadron would exercise as a whole. Probably the most ambitious camp of this period was the 1973 Exercise Sacristan in the United Arab Emirates, which saw 180 members of the Squadron deploy for between 2 and 6 weeks, carrying out a variety of construction tasks and desert training exercises. Close ties with 9 Independent Parachute Squadron RE, then based at Church Crookham, also continued throughout the period. 
The Squadron's saddest day occurred on 28 September 1975 during Exercise Trent Chase, its annual watermanship-based section competition on the River Trent in Nottinghamshire. During a freak storm on the Saturday night, and with low-light levels made worse by downed power lines, an assault boat containing eleven Sappers of 300 Troop was swept over the Cromwell Weir near Newark. Ten of the eleven men were drowned, including two brothers, Sprs Stuart and Peter Evenden. After the military funerals, which took place in various parishes around Scotland, a memorial service was held at the site of the accident, and a stone of Scottish granite bearing the names of those killed was laid in a small commemorative garden close to the lock. Another memorial was established near Grangemouth, at Falkirk Cemetery, and the men are also commemorated at the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire. A bridge over the River Toscaig was built in their memory in 1996 at Toscaig (Highlands)
1978: Commando Role.
In 1977 drastic reductions in regular and TA Airborne Forces were announced and on 31 March 1978 44 Independent Parachute Brigade Group (Volunteers) was disbanded in a parade at Altcar Ranges, near Liverpool. Though the three parachute battalions were retained, support arms and services were to be slashed. The volunteer traditions of 131, forged through its arduous selection procedure, were such that the only cap badge its members would wear was that of the Royal Engineers, and this on a beret which had to be 'earned'. It was a great honour for the squadron that the Royal Marines accepted it into the order of battle of 3 Commando Brigade on 1 April 1978. Following the Airborne Engineers Commando Conversion Course in July 1978, the squadron, now in green berets but retaining a significant parachute capability, did not have to move from its four locations.
1980s and 1990s.
In 1982, it was decided to raise a field troop in Plymouth to capitalise on the significant number of ex-regular Commando-trained personnel living in the area and the fact that 131's new sister-Squadron, 59 Independent Commando Squadron RE, was based within the town at Crownhill Fort. This sub-unit was to become the new 300 Troop, but whilst Grangemouth and Plymouth were both on the Squadron's order of battle, Plymouth temporarily used the old Support Troop number, 302. Recruiting at Plymouth was buoyant, and the then-PSI, SSgt Dave Quinn, was awarded the BEM for his leadership in helping to establish the new Troop. Finally, in 1983 at a ceremony in Grangemouth, the Scottish 300 Troop was re-roled as a Royal Marines Reserve Assault Engineer Troop, and Plymouth took on the 300 Troop title. 36 years of the Scottish sub-unit had seen it as consistently the best recruited and the best attending and, whilst all were happy to see the birth of a new Troop in the South West, the loss of those North of the Border, with their idiosyncrasies such as 'Para-Grog', was a keen blow.
The 1980s and 1990s saw 131 more and more closely integrated within 3 Commando Brigade Royal Marines and with its regular sister-Squadron. Many members of the unit had been ex-regular Commandos, the majority of them with 59, but always with a smattering of former Royal Marines and Commando Gunners (from 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery), plus the odd Commando 'Loggie' or Craftsman, within its ranks. Arctic Warfare Training in Norway and amphibious training were added to the skills which had to be absorbed by the Commando Engineer volunteers of the Squadron, whilst parachute training, now taught at RAF Brize Norton, was still open to those suitably qualified. In the mid-1990s, diving was added to the Squadron's capabilities and in 1995 LCpl Arnold from 131 became the first TA soldier to attend and pass the Army's basic diving course for many years.
21st Century: Close Support to Operations.
In January 2003, the Squadron was compulsorily mobilised and deployed in Iraq as part of Operation TELIC 1. Returning to the UK in May 2003, a significant proportion of the unit was mobilised for a second time in Autumn 2006 for service in Helmand Province in Afghanistan. This deployment ended in Spring 2007 and since then the Squadron has supported a further three tours of the province. Smaller-scale deployments have seen sub-units and individuals deploy to Cyprus (UN) and the Balkans during the 1990s, to Afghanistan on Operation JACANA in 2002, to Iraq on Operation TELIC 4 in 2004/5 and to the Bagh region of Pakistan during earthquake-relief operations in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19202583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202583" title="1880 Open Championship">
1880 Open Championship

The 1880 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Musselburgh Links. Bob Ferguson won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202597" title="1881 Open Championship">
1881 Open Championship

The 1880 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. Bob Ferguson won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202603" title="Madikheda Dam">
Madikheda Dam

Madikheda Dam is a Multi-purpose Dam situated in Shivpuri district in Madhya Pradesh, India. Its Coordinates: 25°33'20"N 77°51'10"E

</doc>
<doc id="19202604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202604" title="1882 Open Championship">
1882 Open Championship

The 1882 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. Bob Ferguson won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202616" title="Alberto Pizango">
Alberto Pizango

Alberto Pizango Chota is the current president of AIDESEP, the premier indigenous rights organization in Peru. He is part of the Shawi people. Pizango has been actively resisting the government of Peru's selling of petroleum concessions to foreign companies on lands legally titled to indigenous people.
Biography.
In August 2008, Pizango supported protests by indigenous Amazonians in which the tribal groups seized control of two energy installations—a natural gas field being developed in southern Peru by the Argentine company Pluspetrol, and a petroleum pipeline in northern Peru owned by Petroperú. During the protests, the natives took two police officers hostage. In response, the government declared a state of emergency in the departments of Cusco, Loreto and Amazonas, a move that gave it the power to send in the army to forcibly remove and arrest the protesters. Tensions peaked when Pizango responded to the government's threat to send in troops by stating that "Indigenous people are defending themselves against government aggression." 
The standoff ended when Pizango and his AIDESEP organization persuaded Congress to repeal two land laws aimed at opening up Amazonian tribal areas to petroleum companies, which had originally led to the protests by the indigenous tribes. On Friday, September 6, 2008, Congress repealed the laws created by President Alan García, who had created the laws by special presidential decree. Pizango stated that his victory was "A new dawn for the country's indigenous peoples." 
After his planned arrest was announced in Lima he sought asylum in Bolivia without success, and was then granted asylum by Nicaragua. In May 2010, he was arrested on arrival to Peru's capital city, Lima, after 11 months of political asylum in Nicaragua. Pizango arrived together with AIDESEP’s vice-president Daysi Zapata Fasabi and Q’orianka Kilcher, an actress of indigenous Peruvian descent who played the role of Pocahontas in the film "The New World". He was arrested immediately.

</doc>
<doc id="19202618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202618" title="1883 Open Championship">
1883 Open Championship

The 1883 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Musselburgh Links. Willie Fernie won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202623" title="Quarter-wave impedance transformer">
Quarter-wave impedance transformer

A quarter-wave impedance transformer, often written as λ/4 impedance transformer, is a component used in electrical engineering consisting of a length of transmission line or waveguide exactly one-quarter of a wavelength (λ) long and terminated in some known impedance. The device presents at its input the dual of the impedance with which it is terminated. 
It is a similar concept to a stub; but whereas a stub is terminated in a short (or open) circuit and the length designed to produce the required impedance, the λ/4 transformer is the other way around; it is a pre-determined length and the termination is designed to produce the required impedance.
The relationship between the characteristic, "Z"0, input, "Z"in and load, "Z"L, impedances is: formula_1
Applications.
At radio frequencies of upper VHF or higher up to microwave frequencies one quarter wavelength is conveniently short enough to incorporate the component within many products, but not so small that it cannot be manufactured using normal engineering tolerances, and it is at these frequencies where the device is most often encountered. It is especially useful for making an inductor out of a capacitor, since designers have a preference for the latter.
Another application is when DC power needs to be fed into a transmission line, which may be necessary to power an active device connected to the line, such as a switching transistor or a varactor diode for instance. An ideal DC voltage source has zero impedance, that is, it presents a short circuit and it is not useful to connect a short circuit directly across the line. Feeding in the DC via a λ/4 transformer will transform the short circuit into an open circuit which has no effect on the signals on the line. Likewise, an open circuit can be transformed into a short circuit.
The device can be used as a component in a filter and in this application it is sometimes known as an inverter because it produces the mathematical inverse of an impedance. Impedance inverters are not to be confused with the more common meaning of power inverter for a device that has the inverse function of a rectifier. Inverter is a general term for the class of circuits that have the function of inverting an impedance. There are many such circuits and the term does not necessarily imply a λ/4 transformer. The most common use for inverters is to convert a 2-element-kind "LC" filter design such as a ladder network into a one-element-kind filter. Equally, for bandpass filters, a two-resonator-kind (resonators and anti-resonators) filter can be converted to a one-resonator-kind. Inverters are classified as "K"-inverters or "J"-inverters depending on whether they are inverting a series impedance or a shunt admittance. Filters incorporating λ/4 inverters are only suitable for narrow band applications. This is because the impedance transformer line only has the correct electrical length of λ/4 at one specific frequency. The further the signal is from this frequency the less accurately the impedance transformer will be reproducing the impedance inverter function and the less accurately it will be representing the element values of the original lumped element filter design.
Theory of operation.
A transmission line that is terminated in some impedance, "Z"L, that is different from the characteristic impedance, "Z"0, will result in a wave being reflected from the termination back to the source. At the input to the line the reflected voltage adds to the incident voltage and the reflected current subtracts (because the wave is travelling in the opposite direction) from the incident current. The result is that the input impedance of the line (ratio of voltage to current) differs from the characteristic impedance and for a line of length "l" is given by;
A very short transmission line, such as those being considered here, in many situations will have no appreciable loss along the length of the line and the propagation constant can be considered to be purely imaginary phase constant, "iβ" and the impedance expression reduces to,
Since "β" is the same as the angular wavenumber,
for a quarter-wavelength line,
and the impedance becomes,

</doc>
<doc id="19202625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202625" title="Henry Cadwallader Adams">
Henry Cadwallader Adams

Reverend Henry Cadwallader Adams (4 November 1817 – 17 October 1899) was a 19th-century English cleric, schoolmaster and writer of children's novels.
He was the grandson of Simon Adams of Ansty Hall, Warwickshire. He was educated at Westminster School, Winchester College, Balliol College (1835) and Magdalen College, Oxford (1836), becoming a fellow of Magdalen in 1843. After some time as a Commoner Tutor at Winchester, in 1855 he became chaplain of Bromley College, an almshouse for the widows of clergy.
Works.
Fiction.
Adams wrote children's novels, specialising in tales of Victorian Public School life and adventures in far-flung parts of Empire. His novels included:

</doc>
<doc id="19202631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202631" title="1884 Open Championship">
1884 Open Championship

The 1884 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. Jack Simpson won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202639" title="1885 Open Championship">
1885 Open Championship

The 1885 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. Bob Martin won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202650" title="1886 Open Championship">
1886 Open Championship

The 1886 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Musselburgh Links. David Brown won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202665" title="1887 Open Championship">
1887 Open Championship

The 1887 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Prestwick Golf Club. Willie Park, Jnr. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202670" title="Wang Xiaofu">
Wang Xiaofu

Wang Xiaofu, born in November 1988, is a Chinese swimmer and multiple Paralympic gold medallist.
At the age of six, Wang lost his right arm in an electrical accident. At the age of 13, he began training for high-level Paralympic swimming, and won three gold medals when he participated in national games the following year. In 2007, he won nine gold medals in national competitions.
Wang represented China at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, winning three gold medals, a silver and a bronze, and setting three world records in the process.
He is currently representing China again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and carried his country's flag during the Games' Opening Ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="19202675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202675" title="List of 2009 NASCAR races">
List of 2009 NASCAR races

The following is a list of the 2009 NASCAR races from the Sprint Cup, Nationwide Series, and Camping World Truck Series, along with their venues. 
"Some sponsors (and associated names) of the events are identified as TBA pending completion of the 2009 season sponsorship agreements."
See also "2009 in NASCAR" and the List of 2008 NASCAR races."
Sprint Cup Series.
<br>♦ - Qualifying rained out. Starting order set by owner's points.
<BR>≠ − Non points race involving pole sitters from 2007 races.
<BR>₡ - Starting order determined by random draw.
<BR>‡ - Front Row is set for Daytona 500.
<BR>₪ − Race to set fields for Daytona 500.
<BR>† — Non points races.
<BR>♣ — Race will either be run at night, or start in the late afternoon, and finish under lights.
Nationwide Series.
<br>♦ - Qualifying cancelled due to weather. Starting order set by owner's points.
NASCAR Camping World Truck Series.
<br>♦ - Qualifying rained out. Starting order set by owner's points.

</doc>
<doc id="19202676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202676" title="1888 Open Championship">
1888 Open Championship

The 1888 Open Championship was a golf competition held at the Old Course at St Andrews. Jack Burns won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202685" title="1889 Open Championship">
1889 Open Championship

The 1889 Open Championship was a golf competition held at Musselburgh Links. Willie Park, Jnr. won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19202696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202696" title="Guaxupé">
Guaxupé

Guaxupé is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 47,894 people living in a total area of 286 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of São Sebastião do Paraíso. It became a municipality in 1837.
Location.
The city center of Guaxupé is located at an elevation of 760 meters a short distance from the state boundary of São Paulo. Neighboring municipalities are: Pratinha and São Pedro da União (N), Juruaia and Muzambinho (E), Tapiratiba (S), and Guaranésia (W).
Access and Distances
Belo Horizonte: 478 km, São Paulo: 282 km, Rio de Janeiro: 650 km, Brasília: 1200 km, Campinas: 200 km, Ribeirão Preto: 150 km, 
Poços de Caldas: 100 km, and Alfenas: 100 km 
Economic Activities.
Agriculture, with coffee production and dairy products, is the main economic activity. Industry is also important with four major factories: Fiação e Tecelagem Guaxupé, belonging to the Kanebo group; PEMG and TECTER (electro-magnetic); Pasqua J.F. and Qualifio (copper wires). there are also about 150 small industrial units which produce dairy products, sweets, wood products, cement blocks, shoes, ammunition, surgical stitches, clothes, furniture, and coffee toasting.
The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$732 million, with 80 million reais from taxes, 351 million reais from services, 265 million reais from industry, and 36 million reais from agriculture. The industrial sector employed 3,038 workers in 2005, while 3,667 were employed in commerce, and 774 were employed in public administration.
In the rural area there were 398 producers on 19,000 hectares of land. Approximately 2100 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, 6,200 hectares; sugarcane, 1,275 hectares; and corn, 1,300 hectares. There were 8,000 head of cattle, of which 3,000 were milk cows (2006). Swine and poultry raising are also substantial.
There were 7 banks (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 11,233 automobiles, 757 trucks, 1,082 pickup trucks, 137 buses, and 3,286 motorcycles (2007).
Health and Education.
In the health sector there were 13 health clinics and 1 private hosptital with 100 beds (2005). Educational needs of 11,100 students were attended to by 38 primary schools, 5 middle schools, and 18 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$301.00 was above the state average of R$276.00 and above the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19202699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202699" title="Kenichi Nishi">
Kenichi Nishi

Career.
Kenichi Nishi previously worked for both Telenet Japan and its subsidiary Riot. He was later hired by Square as a field designer for two of its larger releases. After leaving Square in 1995, Nishi helped establish Love-de-Lic, Inc. with many of his former Square coworkers. There, he designed two of the small company's three game releases: ' and '. He also helped design and write the script for the 1999 Polygon Magic title "Incredible Crisis". Nishi then co-founded skip Ltd., a second-party developer for Nintendo. Acting as vice president of the company, he also directed "GiFTPiA" and co-directed "Chibi-Robo!". Shortly thereafter, he left skip and founded Route24 on February 23, 2006. According to Nishi, he felt that working on large projects with a large group of people such as those at skip limited his freedom in designing games.
At Route24, Nishi and a staff of four other people developed "LOL" for the Nintendo DS, which was published by skip in 2007. He recently worked on "Newtonica" and "Newtonica2" for the iPhone and iPod Touch with Kenji Eno, among other independently-developed mobile games. In 2010, Nishi expressed interest in developing a sequel to "Moon: Remix RPG Adventure", asking fans to voice their support via Twitter.
Personal life.
Nishi currently lives in Meguro, Tokyo. He is a fan of British rock music and once had a dog named Tao, who Nishi featured as a character in many of his games including "Moon: Remix RPG Adventure", "GiFTPiA", "L.O.L.: Lack of Love", "Chibi-Robo" and "Captain Rainbow". Tao died in October 2009 due to kidney complications. It is said that "Dragon Quest III" is Nishi's favorite game.

</doc>
<doc id="19202711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202711" title="She Is His Only Need">
She Is His Only Need

"She Is His Only Need" is a song written by Dave Loggins, and performed by American country music artist Wynonna Judd. It was Judd's first solo single, after spending nine years alongside her mother, Naomi Judd, as The Judds. It was released in January 1992 as the first single from Wynonna's self-titled debut album. The song was her first Number One hit on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
Content.
The song is a country pop ballad that chronicles the life of two characters. The first is a loner, named Billy, who is reluctant to leave southern Arizona, until he meets the song's other character, a female named Bonnie. Throughout the first verse, he befriends Bonnie and eventually marries her. According to the chorus, his love for her drives him to work overtime in order to buy her things that he knew she wanted because "she is his only need". The second verse follows their marriage as they have two children who grow up and move away from home. Even as the couple become elderly, the love continues to drive him to go out of his way to buy her things that he has heard her mention she wanted.
Promotion.
Wynonna promoted "She Is His Only Need" by releasing a compact disc which consisted of her introducing herself and asking radio to play the single. The CD's announcement ended with "And my only need is for y'all to play it. Because I have a mom to support. So thanks." This was a reference to her mother, Naomi Judd, who had retired due to a bout of hepatitis.
Personnel.
The following musicians performed on this track:

</doc>
<doc id="19202720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202720" title="Ajeeb (TV series)">
Ajeeb (TV series)

Ajeeb - The Other Side is an Indian television series set in a hospital where something strange is always going on.
Production.
With 17 episodes to date, "Ajeeb" stars include Tanaaz and Bakhtiyar Irani, Sakshi Tanwar, Shweta Tiwari, Varun Badola, Shruti Seth.
Story & Screenplay 
Rajiv Pandey & Insia Dariwala
Broadcast.
It began airing on the Hindi General Entertainment channel 9X on August 2008 in the 9.30pm - 10.30pm timeslot.
Awards.
"Ajeed" received the jury award for Best Thriller at the 8th annual Indian Television Academy Awards in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19202763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202763" title="Alex Scarrow">
Alex Scarrow

Alex Scarrow is a British author, whose books include "The Candleman", "A Thousand Suns", "Last Light", "Afterlight", "October Skies", and the young adult science fiction series TimeRiders.
Early life.
Alex Scarrow used to be a rock guitarist in a band, spending ten years after college in the music business. He eventually figured that his band would never become famous nor get a record deal. So he left the music industry in order to become a graphic artist and then he decided to be a computer games designer.
He worked on game titles such as:
"Waterworld", "Evolva", "The Thing", "Spartan", "Gates of Troy", "Legion Arena", "Ultimate Soccer Manager".
He started his writing career initially by writing screenplays, but after difficulty entering the business he turned his strongest screenplay into the successful "A Thousand Suns" novel. He has since written a number of successful novels such including "October Skies". He has also written several screenplays, and is currently writing a highly successful young-adult fiction series, which according to his TimeRiders website:
He currently lives in Norwich with his son, Jacob and his wife, Frances.
Books.
TimeRiders.
Alex Scarrow is planning to span the TimeRiders series over 9 books in total:
The series is about an agency which consists of three teenagers who have cheated death, and who travel in time to fix history broken by time travel.
Ellie Quin.
Ellie Quin is a new series about a young girl who thought she's ordinary. Turns out she couldn't have been more wrong. She's the most valuable, the most dangerous, the most sought-after human in the universe... and there are people already zeroing in on her.
Family.
He is the brother of Simon Scarrow, an author who has also written numerous novels.
His book "Gates of Rome" include the characters Quintus Licinius Cato and Lucius Cornelius Macro from Simon Scarrow's "Eagle" series.

</doc>
<doc id="19202771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19202771" title="No One Else on Earth">
No One Else on Earth

"No One Else on Earth" is a song written by Jill Colucci, Stewart Harris and Sam Lorber, performed by American country music artist Wynonna. It was released in August 1992 as the third single from Wynonna's self-titled debut album. It was also that album's third Number One hit on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It was remixed for release in the UK in 1994, titled "No One Else on Earth '94". It was released on cassette, vinyl and CD formats. This version was released internationally on Wynonna's first solo compilation album, Collection, in 1997, labeled as "No One Else on Earth (Club Mix)". This version was used for the music video for the song.

</doc>
