<doc id="19160322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160322" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Russia">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Russia

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Russia. For a list of rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="19160327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160327" title="Vulcan Restoration Trust">
Vulcan Restoration Trust

The Vulcan Restoration Trust (Registered Charity: 1058111) is responsible for XL426, one of three surviving live Avro Vulcans, based at London Southend Airport, which is maintained in taxiing condition. The VRT has no plans to restore XL426 to airworthiness although was closely involved with XH558 and her return to flight in the early days of the Vulcan To The Sky project. The shortage of new and/or zero timed Olympus engines are a major technical hurdle but the huge cost of returning a Vulcan to flight as a civilian aircraft (as experienced by Vulcan To The Sky) make flying XL426 a practical impossibility. However XL426 will be maintained in her original bomber configuration and 'live' for as long as practically possible. 
XL426.
XL426 is an Avro Vulcan B Mk. 2, originally designed as a free-fall bomber and modified to carry the Blue Steel missile. From 1984 to 1986 she performed as the official display Vulcan until her airframe required a major overhaul. She was then replaced by former K2 XH558. She was one of the last Vulcans and the last complete B2 in service, but performed as a crew trainer rather than a tanker and was not modified to K2 standard.
The aircraft was sold to Surrey-based businessman Roy Jacobsen in 1986 and flown to Southend Airport and given the civil registration G-VJET. After unsuccessful attempts to raise the funds for a return to flight status XL426 was sold to the Vulcan Restoration Trust in 1993 and operates as a taxiing display aircraft. She no longer carries her civil registration (which was on the top of the tail fin) following a major repaint in 2012/2013 which sees her restored to both 617 Sqn and 50 Sqn markings.
Return to Power.
XL426 was withdrawn from taxi runs in 2006 for an extensive programme of engineering works, with the target of keeping XL426 running for another 20 years. This programme of work is coming to a conclusion in the latter months of 2013 and XL426 will be able to taxi initially at low speed by the end of the year with a progression back to speed runs in 2014.
Visit the Vulcan.
After withdrawing the aircraft from taxiing due to ongoing restoration, the Vulcan Restoration trust now operate Open Days at Southend Airport, including cockpit visits and guided talks around the aircraft, as well as a chance to speak to crew members.
Vulcan News Magazine.
The Trust also publishes Vulcan News, a 16 page glossy published twice a year, covering news and interviews with crew members and engineers on XL426, as well as XH558, the flying Vulcan.
Celebrity Links.
Bruce Dickinson of Iron Maiden was the co-pilot for XL426's high speed run in August 2006 (her last taxi run) and he returned in December 2008 to give a talk on his aviation experiences.
See also.
Avro Vulcan XH558, the only airworthy Vulcan <br>
Avro Vulcan XM655, the only other taxiable Vulcan.

</doc>
<doc id="19160340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160340" title="William Harris (beachcomber)">
William Harris (beachcomber)

William Harris (born in 1812 or 1813, presumed dead in 1889) was a British-born beachcomber who settled in pre-colonial Nauru and adopted a Nauruan lifestyle.
A convict sentenced to the penal colony on Norfolk Island, he escaped and made his way to Nauru in 1842. There he "assimilated native culture [...,] took a Nauruan wife, fathered several children, and was adopted as a Nauruan. He became perhaps the only beachcomber the Nauruans ever fully accepted and trusted." He acted as an intermediary between his people of adoption and passing European trade vessels.
In 1881, Harris informed the Royal Navy that civil war had broken out on the island.
In 1888, when Nauru became a German protectorate, he assisted the German authorities in informing the Nauruans of the way in which the country would be governed, and in persuading them to relinquish their firearms, with which a third of the population had been killed during the civil war.
In 1889, his canoe was swept away to sea by strong currents, and he was not seen again.

</doc>
<doc id="19160341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160341" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Serbia">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Serbia

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Serbia. For a list of broadcasting rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="19160345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160345" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1921–1924">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1921–1924

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1921 election and the 1924 election, together known as the 11th Parliament. During the term, the Country Party split into rival factions, the Ministerial Country Party (MCP) which comprised the bulk of the parliamentary party—many of whom had switched allegiance from other parties since 1919—and the Executive Country Party (ECP), which was loyal to the Primary Producers' Association, which the Country Party was intended to represent in Parliament. After the 1924 election, which significantly strengthened the latter at the expense of the former, the Ministerial arm merged with the Nationalist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19160346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160346" title="Elachista rufocinerea">
Elachista rufocinerea

Elachista rufocinerea is a moth of the family Elachistidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is . The moth flies from April to May depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various grasses, primarily "Arrhenatherum elatius", "Festuca arundinacea" and Creeping Soft Grass. The mine is flat and translucent and can run either up or down. They are dirty yellow, but grey green above. The head is brown. Larvae can be found in early spring.

</doc>
<doc id="19160358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160358" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in Spain">
Sports broadcasting contracts in Spain

This article refers to sports broadcasting contracts in Spain. For a list of broadcasting rights in other countries, see Sports television broadcast contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="19160370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160370" title="Gymnostachys">
Gymnostachys

Gymnostachys is a monotypic genus, of the monocotyledon plant family Araceae.
The sole known species Gymnostachys anceps, commonly named settler's twine or boorgay, grows naturally in rainforests and humid Eucalypt forests of eastern New South Wales and eastern Queensland, Australia.
"Gymnostachys" is kept to its own subfamily Gymnostachydoideae due to its unique characteristics that include an unusually structured flowering shoot and linear leaves with parallel venation.

</doc>
<doc id="19160380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160380" title="Sports broadcasting contracts in the United States">
Sports broadcasting contracts in the United States

This page refers to sports broadcasting contracts in the United States. 
Baseball.
Major League Baseball.
National Television
Local Television
Additionally, local or regional broadcasters contract with the MLB team in their area for the right to broadcast a number of regular season games locally. These broadcasters include both over-the-air television stations as well as regional cable sports channels. (This includes WGN-TV in Chicago, which also airs its games on the WGN America national feed.) Games broadcast locally or regionally are available nationwide (except those affected by local blackout restrictions) on the pay-per-view MLB Extra Innings package.
National Radio
Local Radio
MLB teams also contract with local broadcasters to air games on radio. Several teams have multiple affiliates covering those games. The flagship stations can air all games of the teams they contract with, other affiliates must allow ESPN radio coverage to air during the postseason.
World Baseball Classic.
MLB Network has rights to the 2013 and 2017 editions of the World Baseball Classic. In addition to the 39 tournament matches, MLBN televises the four final qualifiers.
College World Series.
ESPN currently broadcasts the College World Series on its family of networks.
Beginning with the 2010–11 school year, Turner will have digital rights to all NCAA championships; the first College World Series under the Turner contract will be in 2011.
Little League Baseball.
ESPN has rights to broadcast the entire Little League World Series, as well as the finals of the eight regional tournaments that determine the U.S. representatives in that competition. It distributes coverage among its family of networks; the final is traditionally carried by ABC, whose sports division is now run by ESPN.
Basketball.
National Basketball Association.
Additionally, local or regional broadcasters contract with the NBA team in their area for the right to broadcast a number of regular season games locally. These broadcasters can be traditional over-the-air television stations as well as regional cable sports channels. WGN, a Chicago-based superstation, broadcasts a limited number of Chicago Bulls regular season games on their national feed, fewer than they provide locally. If ESPN chooses to opt out of airing all of the games on their night, NBA TV airs a game in its place. Games in the first two rounds of the playoffs can be aired by regional broadcasters, unless the national broadcaster has exclusive rights. Games in the first round not selected by national broadcasters are usually broadcast by NBA TV.
NBA teams also contract with local radio broadcasters to air their games. Teams may also have affiliates air their games.
College Basketball.
Post-season
Regular-season
FIBA.
ESPN has English and Spanish rights from 2013 to 2015 to FIBA events including the following: 
Football.
National Football League.
CBS has rights through the 2022-2023 season to the following: 
ESPN has rights through the 2021-2022 season to the following: 
Fox has rights through the 2022-2023 season to the following: 
NBC has rights through the 2022-2023 season to the following: 
NFL Network televises 13 Thursday Night Football games during the regular season.
DirecTV, through NFL Sunday Ticket, has pay-per-view rights to all regular season Sunday afternoon games through 2014.
NFL on Westwood One Sports has exclusive national radio rights through the 2017-2018 season.
Sports USA has national radio rights to regular season Sunday afternoon doubleheaders sublicensed from Dial Global.
Compass Media Networks has national radio rights to regular season Sunday afternoon games for 10 teams sublicensed from Dial Global.
Each NFL team has local television stations with rights to preseason games and radio stations with rights to all games.
Sirius XM has exclusive satellite radio rights to home, away, and, if available, national broadcast radio feeds of all games. Also has rights to online streaming of games for its subscribers starting with the 2011 season.
College Football.
Post-season
Regular-season
Radio
Golf.
Men
Women
Hockey.
National Hockey League.
Additionally, viewers near the Canadian border, especially in the Seattle, Detroit and Buffalo markets, can view CBC broadcasts of "Hockey Night in Canada", playoffs and Stanley Cup Finals. CBC reaches most cable subscribers in Michigan, the Buffalo area, and much of the Seattle TV market. and CBC broadcasts of NHL playoff games often get better ratings in those markets than the simultaneous American broadcast when both are available.
Local or regional broadcasters contract with the NHL team in their area for the right to broadcast a number of regular season games locally. These broadcasters can be traditional over-the-air television stations as well as regional cable sports channels. While the Chicago Blackhawks broadcast some games on WGN-TV, these games are not available for the WGN America feed due to league broadcast regulations but they are shown on WGN in Canada (same feed as WGN-TV).
Teams also have contracts with local radio broadcasters to air their games.
Radio
Dial Global (Stanley Cup Finals); games also simulcast on Sirius XM satellite radio.
Other Ice Hockey Leagues.
Kontinental Hockey League: ESPN3.com
Ice Hockey World Championships: Universal Sports
World Junior Ice Hockey Championships: NHL Network
MasterCard Memorial Cup: NHL Network
American Hockey League: select games on NHL Network, select regional coverage by local broadcasters, All-Star Game and Skills Competition on regional sports networks
Horse Racing.
Triple Crown
Breeders' Cup
Road to the Kentucky Derby
Lacrosse.
College Lacrosse.
Varsity lacrosse
Club Lacrosse
Motor sports.
Formula One.
NBC Sports has rights from 2013 through 2016. Races will be televised by NBC, NBCSN or CNBC and streamed on NBC Sports Live Extra.
Olympic Games.
NBCUniversal (NBC,NBCSN, USA, MSNBC, CNBC) has rights to the following: 
Rugby.
Rugby league.
Fox Sports has rights to the following:
Rugby union.
Fox Sports has rights through 2013-2014 to the following: 
NBC Sports and Universal Sports have rights to:
DirecTV has rights to:
Rugby sevens.
NBC Sports has rights to:
Fox Sports has rights to:
Soccer.
FIFA.
ABC and ESPN, in English, and Univision, in Spanish, have television rights to FIFA events from 2007 to 2014 including the following: 
Fox Sports, in English, and Telemundo, in Spanish, have television rights to FIFA events from 2015 to 2022 including the following: 
UEFA.
ESPN, in English and Spanish, has rights to UEFA events from 2012 to 2016 including the following: 
Fox Sports has rights to the following: 
CONCACAF.
Fox Soccer, in English, has rights to CONCACAF events from 2012 to 2016 including the following:
Univision Deportes, in Spanish and Portuguese, has rights to CONCACAF events from 2012 to 2022 including the following: 
Major League Soccer.
Games not televised nationally are aired by regional sports networks or local broadcast television stations. Teams may also have a contract with a local radio broadcaster to air their games. Some teams air games exclusively in Spanish on radio, others have English only or an English and Spanish radio broadcaster.
U.S. Men's National Team.
ESPN has English rights to friendlies and all home World Cup qualifiers from 2010 to 2014. Matches will be televised on ESPN or ESPN2. beiN SPORT has English rights to all away World Cup qualifiers from 2010 to 2014.
NBCU has rights to 4 friendlies a year from 2012 to 2014. Matches will be televised on NBC and NBCSN.
Univision has Spanish rights to ten national team matches per year from 2010 to 2014. Matches will be televised on Univision, UniMás, or Galavisión.
Other Leagues/Competitions.
Mexican Club Soccer
Central America League
English Club Soccer
Spanish Club Soccer
Other Club Soccer
Tennis.
Australian Open
French Open
The Championships, Wimbledon
US Open
US Open Series
Davis Cup
Fed Cup
ATP World Tour Finals
WTA Tour Championships
World TeamTennis

</doc>
<doc id="19160382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160382" title="Cheadle North railway station">
Cheadle North railway station

Cheadle North railway station served the village of Cheadle, six miles south of Manchester. It was renamed from Cheadle to Cheadle North on 1 July 1950.
Operating companies.
The station was opened on 1 February 1866 by the Stockport, Timperley and Altrincham Junction Railway (ST&AJ). On 15 August 1867 the ST&AJ was merged into the Cheshire Lines Committee (CLC) joint railway. The CLC survived intact at the 1923 UK railway grouping and continued to operate the station until the CLC was absorbed into the nationalised British Railways (BR) on 1 January 1948. BR continued to operate the station for a further fourteen years until closure of the station, and others on the line, on 30 November 1964 as part of the Beeching Axe.
Location and station facilities.
The station was located 0.5 miles north of Cheadle at the point where the Manchester Road passes over the line on a bridge. The station was situated on the west side of the bridge, with the main buildings being on the south side of the line - these still survive in non-railway use. There was a small brick-built shelter for passengers on the north side of the line. A goods shed and two-line siding was on the line's south side. 
The station buildings were converted into a pub in the 1980s. The pub was initially named "The Station" when it was a Banks Brewery pub and later Chesters Brewery. It is now a free house called "The Cheshire Line Tavern".
Train services from the station.
Cheadle CLC station was served by local passenger trains from Stockport Tiviot Dale to Altrincham and to Warrington Central and Liverpool Central stations. The weekday westbound passenger service during July 1922 consisted of four trains to Warrington and Liverpool and four trains to Altrincham. The October 1942 timetable showed the effect of wartime reductions, with three daily weekday passenger trains to Liverpool and one terminating at Glazebrook. In January 1956 the passenger train service remained sparse with just five trains in each direction, with none serving Altrincham.

</doc>
<doc id="19160385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160385" title="Pseudosesia oberthuri">
Pseudosesia oberthuri

The Golden Clearwing ("Pseudosesia oberthuri") is a moth of the family Sesiidae. It is found in the northern part of Australia.
The wingspan is ca. 20 mm. 
The larvae feed on "Ampelocissus acetosa", among other plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19160390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160390" title="Pine Pass">
Pine Pass

The Pine Pass, 875 m (2871 ft), is a mountain pass in the Hart Ranges of the Northern Rockies of British Columbia, Canada. It is used by BC Highway 97 and the Canadian National Railway formly BC Rail to connect the Peace Country of the province's Northeastern Interior, and is the location of the Powder King ski resort.

</doc>
<doc id="19160392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160392" title="Anthony Steel (historian)">
Anthony Steel (historian)

Anthony Bedford Steel (24 February 1900 – 3 October 1973) was a British historian, specialising on medieval England. He was a fellow of Christ's College Cambridge, and principal of Cardiff University from 1949–66. Among his publications were a monograph on the reign of Richard II, as well as a biography of 19th-century writer Robert Smith Surtees, titled "Jorrick's England". He also translated Albert Sorel's "L'Europe et la Revolution Francaise" into English (as "Europe and the French Revolution").

</doc>
<doc id="19160402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160402" title="Batjargalyn Batbayar">
Batjargalyn Batbayar

Batjargalyn Batbayar (, born in Kharkhorin, Övörkhangai on December 3, 1953) is a democratic member of the State Great Hural of Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="19160408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160408" title="CTPP">
CTPP

CTPP (or CT++) is a template engine completely written in C++. It has bindings for Perl, PHP and Python languages.
Architecture.
The MVC paradigm divides an application into three basic entities: a set of Models, a Controller, and the View.
A classic implementation completely isolates these entities from each other. It is assumed that a View doesn’t process any data and only renders a corresponding object model according to the template, that a Controller is only used to determine the list of executed models, and that Models represent entirely abstract data sets and rules that govern the data.
This paradigm allows separating the functions of a web designer, a programmer and a manager. A lot of the code can be reused. In addition a project has a single entry point which facilitates its upgrading and development.
As represented in the diagram below the architecture of the template engine consists of 4 subsystems: a template compiler which converts the text of the page template into bytecode, a virtual machine which executes the bytecode, a caching system for templates, and a library of data processor functions.

</doc>
<doc id="19160425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160425" title="TIBCO / To The Top">
TIBCO / To The Top

Team TIBCO is a women's professional cycling team based in the United States of America that competes in elite road bicycle racing. The team's main sponsor is TIBCO Software. The Director Sportif is Linda Jackson, a former professional cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="19160429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160429" title="Martin Veiga">
Martin Veiga

Martín Veiga Alonso (Noia, Province of A Coruña, 1970) is a Galician academic, poet, translator and critic.
Biography.
Martín Veiga is a "licenciado" in Galician-Portuguese philology by the University of Santiago de Compostela. He completed his PhD in Hispanic Studies at University College Cork (Ireland), with a thesis studying the work of Galician poet Antón Avilés de Taramancos. 
He taught Galician language and culture from 1999 to 2005 at the Irish Centre for Galician Studies (UCC), where he was also appointed as vice-director of that centre (2000-2008). At present, he lectures in Hispanic Culture, Spanish language and literature at the Department of Hispanic Studies (UCC). 
He was appointed as director of the Centre for Creative Writing (UCC) in 2007 and director of the Irish Centre for Galician Studies in 2008. 
Veiga has been responsible for the organization of academic seminars and conferences and he has taken part in a number or literary readings. He is a regular contributor to press, literature journals and books with essays, articles, poems and translations. He has also been awarded with numerous literary and translation accolades, such as "Domingo Antonio de Andrade", "Rosalía de Castro", "Xacobeo de Poesía" (1999), "Premio Espiral Maior de Poesía", "Ramón Cabanillas", "Premio de poesía Fiz Vergara Vilariño", and the equivalent to a Galician national prize of literature, the "Premio Esquío de Poesía" (2005).
Works.
Critic.
As a critic he has been involved in the annotated edition of "Cantos Caucanos" by Antón Avilés de Taramancos, and in the edition and publication of "Raiceiras e vento. A obra poética de Antón Avilés de Taramancos". He also wrote the biography of Antón Avilés de Taramancos.

</doc>
<doc id="19160432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160432" title="Christopher Williams (soccer)">
Christopher Williams (soccer)

Christopher Williams (born May 21, 1984 in Philadelphia) is a former American soccer player.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Williams attended Cheltenham High School and played college soccer at Philadelphia University from 2002 to 2005. He graduated with a bachelors degree in business management. During his college years he also played with the Ocean City Barons in the USL Premier Development League during the collegiate off season, playing play with the Barons each summer from 2004 through 2006. Williams was named to the 2004 All-Conference Team while leading the Barons to a rare undefeated regular season (14-0-4).
Professional.
Williams joined Miami FC of the USL First Division in 2007, playing in twenty-one games. In the fall of 2007, he signed with the Philadelphia KiXX of Major Indoor Soccer League. He played the 2007–2008 MISL season with the KiXX, then rejoined Miami FC for the 2009 summer season.
In December 2009, Williams signed with Đà Nẵng of the V-League, the top division in Vietnam, and played there until the end of the 2010 Vietnamese season.
Upon his return to the United States in 2011 Williams signed for his old PDL club, the Ocean City Nor'easters. He made his debut for his new team on May 28 in a 2-2 tie against the Long Island Rough Riders.
After a short spell in Ocean city to keep fit, in late 2011, Williams went back to Vietnam where he was signed by his former team SHB Da Nang, and loaned to Fico Tây Ninh FC. In the fall of 2012, Williams signed with the Harrisburg Heat of the Professional Arena Soccer League where he scored 10 goals and 4 assists and was named the team's co-MVP. During the 2012-13 season, Williams signed with the Baltimore Blast of the Major Indoor Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="19160438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160438" title="Joaquim Torlades O'Neill">
Joaquim Torlades O'Neill

Joaquim Torlades O'Neill (Lisbon, Mercês, 16 May 1826 - ?), was a son of the previous head José Maria O'Neill, the titular head of the Clanaboy O'Neill dynasty, whose family has been in Portugal since the 18th century, and wife Ludovina de Jesus Alves Solano.
Career.
He was a trader, Vice-Consul of France, Denmark and the United States of America in Setúbal, etc.
Marriage and issue.
He married in Lisbon, Encarnação, on 25 February 1854 to his first cousin Maria Carolina Caffary (or Caffre) (Lisbon, São Paulo, 4 August 1823 - ?), daughter of Patrício João Caffary (or Caffre) and wife Maria Salomé O'Neill, and had two sons: 
Relationship and issue.
He also had five bastard sons by Prudência Gomes: 

</doc>
<doc id="19160439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160439" title="Dead Executives">
Dead Executives

The Dead Executives are a record production and songwriting team, composed of brothers Joel and Benji Madden and Jason "Jay E" Epperson. The group often collaborates with many major and new artists in their songs. Some artists they have collaborated with are J-Kwon, Jung Tru, Young Dre The Truth, Three 6 Mafia, and Murphy Lee. The Dead Executives songs usually have Joel Madden singing or saying the name of the group in the background.
Appearances.
In 2005 the group produced and co-wrote three songs on Hilary Duff's album "Most Wanted", "Wake Up", "Beat of My Heart", and "Break My Heart". Featured on Three 6 Mafia's 2008 album, "Last 2 Walk", the Dead Executives collaborated and produced the track "My Own Way". In 2008 the group collaborated with Young Dre The Truth and produced a song called "Workin'". The song was featured in the Madden NFL 09 soundtrack. Also, the Dead Execs, together with the other members of Good Charlotte, wrote, performed and produced the anti-Bush anthem "Fight Song", which is published on Good Charlotte's compilation record "The Greatest Remixes".

</doc>
<doc id="19160443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160443" title="Curse of the pharaohs">
Curse of the pharaohs

The curse of the pharaohs refers to an alleged curse believed by some to be cast upon any person who disturbs the mummy of an Ancient Egyptian person, especially a pharaoh. This curse, which does not differentiate between thieves and archaeologists, allegedly can cause bad luck, illness or death. Since the mid-20th century, many authors and documentaries have argued that curses are 'real' in the sense of being caused by scientifically explicable causes such as bacteria or radiation. However, the modern origins of Egyptian mummy curse tales, their development primarily in European cultures, the shift from magic to science to explain curses, and their changing uses—from condemning disturbance of the dead to entertaining horror film audiences—suggest that Egyptian curses are primarily a cultural, not exclusively scientific, phenomenon.
There are occasional instances of genuine ancient curses appearing inside or on the facade of a tomb, as in the case of the mastaba of Khentika Ikhekhi of the 6th dynasty at Saqqara. These appear to be directed towards the ka priests to protect the tomb carefully and preserve its ritual purity rather than as a warning for potential robbers. There had been stories of curses going back to the 19th century, but they multiplied after Howard Carter's discovery of the Tomb of Tutankhamun. Despite popular misconceptions, no curse was actually found inscribed in the Pharaoh's tomb. The evidence for curses relating to King Tutankhamun is considered to be so meager that Donald B. Redford viewed it as "unadulterated clap trap".
Tomb curses.
Curses relating to tombs are extremely rare, possibly because the idea of such desecration was unthinkable and even dangerous to record in writing. They most frequently occur in private tombs of the Old Kingdom era. The tomb of Ankhtifi (9–10th dynasty) contains the warning: "any ruler who... shall do evil or wickedness to this coffin... may Hemen (local deity) not accept any goods he offers, and may his heir not inherit". The tomb of Khentika Ikhekhi (9–10th dynasty) contains an inscription: "As for all men who shall enter this my tomb... impure... there will be judgment... an end shall be made for him... I shall seize his neck like a bird... I shall cast the fear of myself into him".
Curses after the Old Kingdom era are less common though more severe, sometimes invoking the ire of Thoth or the destruction of Sekhemet. Zahi Hawass quotes an example of a curse: "Cursed be those who disturb the rest of a Pharaoh. They that shall break the seal of this tomb shall meet death by a disease that no doctor can diagnose."
Opening of King Tutankhamun's tomb.
Tutankhamun's "curse".
The belief in a curse was brought to many people's attention due to the sometimes mysterious deaths of a few members of Howard Carter's team and other prominent visitors to the tomb shortly thereafter. Carter's team opened the tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62) in 1922, launching the modern era of Egyptology.
The famous Egyptologist James Henry Breasted worked with Carter soon after the first opening of the tomb. He reported how Carter sent a messenger on an errand to his house. On approaching his home the messenger thought he heard a "faint, almost human cry". Upon reaching the entrance he saw the bird cage occupied by a cobra, the symbol of Egyptian monarchy. Carter's canary had died in its mouth and this fueled local rumors of a curse. Arthur Weigall, a previous Inspector-General of Antiquities to the Egyptian Government, reported that this was interpreted as Carter's house being broken into by the Royal Cobra, the same as that worn on the King's head to strike enemies (see Uraeus), on the very day the King's tomb was being broken into. An account of the incident was reported by the "New York Times" on 22 December 1922.
 
The first of the "mysterious" deaths was that of Lord Carnarvon. He had been bitten by a mosquito, and later slashed the bite accidentally while shaving. It became infected and blood poisoning resulted. Two weeks before Carnarvon died, Marie Corelli wrote an imaginative letter that was published in the "New York World" magazine, in which she quoted an obscure book that confidently asserted that "dire punishment" would follow any intrusion into a sealed tomb. A media frenzy followed, with reports that a curse had been found in the King's tomb, though this was untrue.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, creator of Sherlock Holmes, suggested that Lord Carnarvon's death had been caused by "elementals" created by Tutankhamun's priests to guard the royal tomb, and this further fueled the media interest. Arthur Weigall reported that six weeks before Carnarvon's death, he had watched the Earl laughing and joking as he entered the King's tomb and said to a nearby reporter (H. V. Morton), "I give him six weeks to live." The first autopsy carried out on the body of Tutankhamun by Dr Derry found a healed lesion on the left cheek, but as Carnarvon had been buried six months previously it was not possible to determine if the location of the wound on the King corresponded with the fatal mosquito bite on Carnarvon.
In 1925, the anthropologist Henry Field, accompanied by Breasted, visited the tomb and recalled the kindness and friendliness of Carter. He also reported how a paperweight given to Carter's friend Sir Bruce Ingham was composed of a mummified hand with its wrist adorned with a scarab bracelet marked with, "Cursed be he who moves my body. To him shall come fire, water and pestilence." Soon after receiving the gift, Ingram's house burned down, followed by a flood when it was rebuilt.
Howard Carter was entirely skeptical of such curses. He did report in his diary a "strange" account in May 1926, when he saw jackals of the same type as Anubis, the guardian of the dead, for the first time in over thirty-five years of working in the desert.
Skeptics have pointed out that many others who visited the tomb or helped to discover it lived long and healthy lives. A study showed that of the 58 people who were present when the tomb and sarcophagus were opened, only eight died within a dozen years. All the others were still alive, including Howard Carter, who died of lymphoma in 1939 at the age of 64.
Possible explanations.
Some have speculated that deadly fungus could have grown in the enclosed tombs and been released when they were open to the air. Arthur Conan Doyle favoured this idea, and speculated that the mold had been placed deliberately to punish grave robbers.
A newspaper report printed following Carnarvon's death is also believed to have been responsible for the wording of the curse most frequently associated with Tutankhamun – "Death shall come on swift wings to him who disturbs the peace of the King" – a phrase which does not actually appear among the hieroglyphs in KV62, even though it was said to appear in several different places. 
While there is no evidence that such pathogens killed Lord Carnarvon, there is no doubt that dangerous materials can accumulate in old tombs. Recent studies of newly opened ancient Egyptian tombs that had not been exposed to modern contaminants found pathogenic bacteria of the "Staphylococcus" and "Pseudomonas" genera, and the moulds "Aspergillus niger" and "Aspergillus flavus". Additionally, newly opened tombs often become roosts for bats, and bat guano may harbour histoplasmosis. However, at the concentrations typically found, these pathogens are generally only dangerous to persons with weakened immune systems.
Air samples taken from inside an unopened sarcophagus through a drilled hole showed high levels of ammonia, formaldehyde and hydrogen sulfide; these gases are all toxic, but are easily detected by their strong odours. Hydrogen sulfide is detectable at low concentrations (Up to 100PPM) beyond which it acts as a nerve agent on the olfactory senses. At 1000ppm it will kill with a single inhalation. 
Recent discoveries show that stones used to build Egyptian tombs often contain uranium, a radioactive metal which decays, producing radon, a radioactive gas that can cause lung cancer and other respiratory conditions matching some of the symptoms described for those who died soon after opening the tomb.
Deaths popularly attributed to Tutankhamun's "curse".
The tomb was opened on 29 November 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="19160446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160446" title="KeKi">
KeKi

Kemijärven Kiekko (KeKi) is a Finnish ice hockey club from Kemijärvi. The club was founded in 1978, and currently plays in the 2. Divisioona.

</doc>
<doc id="19160448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160448" title="Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 1000 metres

These are the results of the men's C-1 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The C-1 event is raced by single-man sprint canoes and took place on August 12.
Final.
With only six competitors in the event, a final was held.

</doc>
<doc id="19160456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160456" title="Port-Royal Abbey, Paris">
Port-Royal Abbey, Paris

Port-Royal Abbey was an abbey in Paris that was a stronghold of Jansenism. It was first built in 1626 to relieve pressure of numbers on the mother house at Port-Royal-des-Champs. 
Famous people who stayed here include Marie de Rohan, intriguer during the Fronde; Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes, future mistress of a duke of Savoy; Marie Angélique de Fontanges, mistress of Louis XIV, died here giving birth to his child who also died. 
It was closed down in 1790, at the beginning of the French Revolution and from 1793 used as a prison under the name Prison de Port-libre or Prison de la Bourbe. Chrétien Guillaume de Lamoignon de Malesherbes (lawyer for Louis XVI during his trial) and Madame de Tourzel, former governess of the "children of France", were held here.
Today its main cloister ("illustration") forms part of the modern Hôpital Cochin.

</doc>
<doc id="19160460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160460" title="Turner Memorial A.M.E. Church">
Turner Memorial A.M.E. Church

The Turner Memorial A.M.E. Church is an African Methodist Episcopal Church located in Hyattsville, Maryland.
History.
The congregation, one of America's historically black churches, was founded in 1919 by members of the Saint Paul African Methodist Episcopal Church in Southwest Washington who wished to organize an African Methodist Episcopal congregation in the neighborhood where they lived. By the late 1940s, the congregation had outgrown the small building in which it met, and, after considering expansion plans, decided to purchase a synagogue building erected in 1908 by the Adas Israel Congregation, now known as the Sixth & I Historic Synagogue.
On March 1, 2003, after 52 years in the building at Sixth and I, the congregation dedicated its new building in Hyattsville.

</doc>
<doc id="19160463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160463" title="Lilian Bryner">
Lilian Bryner

Lilian Bryner (21 April 1959) is a female racing driver from Switzerland.
Career.
She has mainly raced in the FIA GT Championship from 1997 until 2005 and has raced in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Her first race at Le Mans was in 1993, but her most successful was finishing second in the GT2 class with Ecurie Biennoise and ninth overall in 1994. In 1995 she joined Stadler Motorsport but in the 1995 24 Hours of Le Mans her #79 Porsche 911 GT2 retired completing 81 laps. In the same year she entered in the BPR Global GT Series and finished 3rd in the standings taking only one podium.
She didn't race at Le Mans until 1997 where she once again retired completing 98 laps. That year she raced with Stadler Motorsport in the inaugural FIA GT season but only three times and picking up the only two points the team got in their class due to the domination of Oreca.
In 1998 she raced in the 1998 International Sports Racing Series season with Autosport Racing until 1999 where she took two podiums before joining BMS Scuderia Italia for the 2001 FIA Sportscar Championship season picking up 50 points and two podiums.
Her first full season in FIA GT Championship was in 2003 when she raced with Care Racing. She took one pole position and six podiums helping Care Racing and their Ferrari 550 Maranello to third place in the championship. In the 2004 FIA GT Championship season she joined BMS Scuderia Italia and took two wins that season, including the 24 Hours of Spa, and five podiums.
Her final season in FIA GT Championship was in 2005 where she only raced three times with Larbre Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19160468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160468" title="Nunpatti">
Nunpatti

Nunpatti is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,803 persons living in 535 individual households.
References.
Nanupatti is the "VDC" There in Nanupatti has 9 wada which is 4 wada in Mahuliya village and 5 wada in Nanupatti village.in this village 90% hindus,35% bhramins other yadav,muslim, chamar,teli,hajam,tatama ... In Mahuliya educational situation is very good. There is one High School name Shree P. Higher secondary School Mahuliya. Mr. Nabin Kumar Thakur is The First student in his class and only one student (Nabin) passed in SLC exam in 2057 (sic) BS board.

</doc>
<doc id="19160469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160469" title="Evan Hammond">
Evan Hammond

Evan Hammond (born 1980 in Flin Flon, Manitoba) is a Canadian morning radio show host, hockey play-by-play broadcaster, and blogger. He is the morning show host at 93.3 The Peak in Port Alberni, British Columbia, and the radio play-by-play voice of the Alberni Valley Bulldogs of the British Columbia Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19160479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160479" title="Pachaharwa">
Pachaharwa

Pachaharwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,646 persons living in 545 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160484" title="Samuel Johnson's religious views">
Samuel Johnson's religious views

Samuel Johnson's religious views are expressed in both his moralistic writings and his sermons.
Moralistic writings.
Johnson regarded himself as a moralist during his career between 1748 and 1760. Although Johnson wrote a poem, many essays, and a short novel, all of these works are connected by a common intent and each relates to others. The works during this period cannot be separated without disregarding Johnson's major ideas and themes.
As David Greene points out, Johnson's moral writings contain no "predetermined and authorized pattern of 'good behavior,'" although they do emphasize certain kinds of conduct. To be moral, in Johnson's view, an individual must always be self-aware and self-critical. Johnson respected committed Christians of other denominations than his own High Church Anglicanism. . His aversion to Milton's politics entails no attack Milton's religious beliefs. He defended Thomas Browne by saying, in his "Life of Browne":
Men may differ from each other in many religious opinions, and yet all may retain the essentials of Christianity; men may sometimes eagerly dispute, and yet not differ much from one another: the rigorous prosecutors of error should, therefore, enlighten their zeal with knowledge, and temper their orthodoxy with charity; that charity without which orthodoxy is vain.
He attacks other religions or their adherents on the grounds that they betray Christ's teachings. This is not to say that Johnson was passive in his religious observance; instead, he was an 18th-century evangelical, which, as he defines in his "Dictionary", means "Agreeable to gospel; consonant to the Christian law contained in the holy gospel".
The Vanity of Human Wishes.
"The Vanity of Human Wishes" is a sort of prologue to Johnson's career as a moralist.
Rasselas.
"Rasselas" is a sort of epilogue to Johnson's career as a moralist.
Sermons.
Johnson's sermons, according to David Greene, are "a neglected but important and rewarding section of his writings". They are dry and formally organized because Johnson did not approve of the emotionally charged rhetoric of 17th century preachers at the pulpit. Christian religion and ethics are the primary topic of the sermons with emphasis on marriage, repentance, hardening the heart, charity, pride, wisdom, and compassion. Sometimes Johnson discussed theological topics like the nature of God or political topics like morality's role in governmental action.
Views.
Johnson was a rationalist and believed that rational thought was vital to morality.
On poverty.
In his review of Soame Jenyns's "A Free Enquiry into the Nature and Origin of Evil" and its argument that those "born to poverty" should not be educated so they could enjoy the "opiate of ignorance", Johnson wrote, "To entail irreversible poverty upon generation after generation only because the ancestor happened to be poor, is, in itself, cruel, if not unjust".
On madness.
When Jenyns claimed that madness was a way God ensured that the poor would be content with life, Johnson responded:
On the happiness of madmen, as the case is not very frequent, it is not necessary to raise a disquisition, but I cannot forbear to observe that I never yet knew disorders of mind increase felicity; every madman is either arrogant and irascible, or gloomy and suspicious, or possessed by some passion or notion destructive to his quiet. He has always discontent in his look, and malignity in his bosom. And, if we had the power of choice, he would soon repent who should resign his reason to secure his peace.
On education.
Johnson responds to Jenyns's final argument, that the ends justify the means when it comes to keeping the poor uneducated, by saying:
I am always afraid of determining on the side of envy or cruelty. The privileges of education may sometimes be improperly bestowed, but I shall always fear to withhold them lest I should be yielding to the suggestions of pride, while I persuade myself that I am following the maxims of policy; and under the appearance of salutary restraints, should be indulging the lust of dominion, and that malevolence which delights in seeing others depressed.
On slavery.
At Oxford Johnson gave a toast and said, "Here's to the next insurrection of the Negroes in the West Indies".

</doc>
<doc id="19160488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160488" title="Samuel Johnson's political views">
Samuel Johnson's political views

Samuel Johnson, an 18th-century English author, wrote dozens of essays that defined his views on the politics of his time.
Political writings.
Johnson was known as either a staunch Tory or was thought not to be active within politics; his political writings were subsequently disregarded and neglected. Boswell's "Life of Samuel Johnson" is to blame for part of this. Boswell did not meet Johnson until later in life, and he was unable to discuss how politics affected Johnson during his early years. Two periods, Robert Walpole's control over British Parliament and the Seven Years' War, were Johnson's most active periods and are the source for much of his early writings. Although Boswell was present with Johnson during the 1770s and describes four major pamphlets written by Johnson, he neglects to discuss them because he is more interested in their travels to Scotland. This is compounded by the fact that Boswell held an opinion contradictory to two of these pamphlets, "The False Alarm" and "Taxation No Tyranny", and so he attacks Johnson's views in his biography - including Johnson's attacks on slavery.
Boswell was not the only reason why Johnson was disregarded as a political thinker; Thomas Babington Macaulay tried to promote the belief that Johnson's political thoughts were nonsensical and were the writings of a bigot. However, Macaulay was also a Whig, and the one who established the philosophical view that Whigs and Tories were polar opposites, a view that Johnson did not hold. Johnson's views on politics constantly changed through his life, and early on he admitted to sympathies for the Jacobite cause but, by the reign of George III, he came to accept the Hanoverian Succession. It was Boswell who gave people the impression that Johnson was an "arch-conservative", and it was Boswell, more than anyone else, who determined how Johnson would be seen by people years later.
Minor pamphlets.
These Pamphlets played a major role, causing growing tension between America and Britain.
False Alarm.
In 1770, he produced "The False Alarm", a political pamphlet attacking John Wilkes.
Thoughts Respecting Falkland's Islands.
In 1771, his "Thoughts on the Late Transactions Respecting Falkland's Islands" cautioned against war with Spain.
The Patriot.
In 1774, he printed "The Patriot", a critique of what he viewed as false patriotism. On the evening of 7 April 1775, he made the famous statement, "Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel." This line was not, as widely believed, about patriotism in general, but the false use of the term "patriotism" by John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute (the patriot-minister) and his supporters; Johnson opposed "self-professed patriots" in general, but valued what he considered "true" self-professed patriotism.
Taxation No Tyranny.
The last of these pamphlets, "Taxation No Tyranny" (1775), was a defence of the Coercive Acts and a response to the Declaration of Rights of the First Continental Congress of America, which protested against taxation without representation. Johnson argued that in emigrating to America, colonists had "voluntarily resigned the power of voting", but they still had "virtual representation" in Parliament. In a parody of the Declaration of Rights, Johnson suggested that the Americans had no more right to govern themselves than the Cornish people. If the Americans wanted to participate in Parliament, said Johnson, they could move to England and purchase an estate. Johnson denounced English supporters of America as "traitors to this country", and hoped that the matter would be settled without bloodshed, but that it would end with "English superiority and American obedience".
Views.
Johnson was a devout, conservative Anglican and believed in a unity between the High Church and the Crown (the State). Although Johnson respected John Milton's poetry, he could not tolerate Milton's Puritan and Republican beliefs.
Colonialism.
Johnson had advocated that the English and the French were just "two robbers" who were stealing land from the indigenous people of North America, and that neither deserved to live there. After the signing of the 1783 Peace of Paris treaties, marking the American colonists' defeat of the English, Johnson was "deeply disturbed" with the "state of this kingdom".
Scotland.
Although Boswell, a Scotsman, was a close companion and friend to Johnson during many important times of his life, Johnson, like many of his fellow Englishmen, had a reputation for despising Scotland and its people. Even during their journey together through Scotland, Johnson "exhibited prejudice and a narrow nationalism". Hester Thrale, in summarising Johnson's nationalistic views and his anti-Scottish prejudice, said, "We all know how well he loved to abuse the Scotch, & indeed to be abused by them in return".
On 6 August 1773, eleven years after first meeting Boswell, Johnson set out to visit his friend in Scotland, to begin "a journey to the western islands of Scotland", as Johnson's 1775 account of their travels would put it. The work was intended to discuss the social problems and struggles that affected the Scottish people, but it also praised many of the unique facets of Scottish society, such as a school in Edinburgh for the deaf and dumb.
Slavery.
He was an opponent of slavery, well before the heyday of abolitionism, and once proposed a toast to the "next rebellion of the negroes in the West Indies". He had a black manservant, Francis Barber (Frank), whom Johnson made his heir.

</doc>
<doc id="19160491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160491" title="Patanuka">
Patanuka

Patanuka is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,601 persons living in 458 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160492" title="James Whalen (businessman)">
James Whalen (businessman)

James Whalen (1869–1929) was a Canadian businessman and entrepreneur based in Port Arthur, Ontario, now part of Thunder Bay, Ontario, with interests in the forest industries, shipbuilding, dredging, and towing. From a modest beginning as a timber contractor in the 1890s, he built an impressive business empire in various Great Lakes marine businesses. With the help of his brothers he was less successful in entering the competitive British Columbia pulp and paper business that went bankrupt in 1925.
He was born in Collingwood, Ontario, April 29, 1869, to Joseph Whalen and Alice Broad, and died in Duluth, Minnesota June 4, 1929. His marriage to Laurel Conmee in 1896 allied his fortunes to her father, the formidable Ontario politician and contractor James Conmee.
He constructed the eight storey Whalen building in Port Arthur in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19160501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160501" title="Paterwa, Janakpur">
Paterwa, Janakpur

Paterwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,364 persons living in 589 individual households.
References.
<references /
Santosh Kumar Yadav

</doc>
<doc id="19160504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160504" title="Paudeswor">
Paudeswor

Paudeswor is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,999 persons living in 906 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160511" title="2004 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles">
2004 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, and won in the final 4–6, 7–5, 6–4, 6–2, against Wayne Black and Kevin Ullyett.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Mahesh Bhupathi / Max Mirnyi "(Round Robin)
<li> Martin Damm / Cyril Suk "(Round Robin)
<li> Gastón Etlis / Martín Rodríguez "(Round Robin)
<li> Xavier Malisse / Olivier Rochus "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Blue Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19160513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160513" title="Puspalpur">
Puspalpur

Puspalpur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,162 persons living in 380 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160517" title="2004 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles">
2004 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles

Roger Federer was the defending champion, and won in the final 6–3, 6–2, against Lleyton Hewitt.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Carlos Moyá "(Round Robin)
<li> Guillermo Coria "(Round Robin)
<li> Tim Henman "(Round Robin)
<li> Gastón Gaudio "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Blue Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19160519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160519" title="Camelback Mountain (disambiguation)">
Camelback Mountain (disambiguation)

Camelback Mountain may refer to:
One of nine summits in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="19160524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160524" title="Raghunathpur, Janakpur">
Raghunathpur, Janakpur

Raghunathpur is a Village Development Committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,762 persons residing in 1962 individual households.
External links.
Raj kumar yadav, first person in Nepal doing PhD in social work is from Raghunathpur.

</doc>
<doc id="19160529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160529" title="Russula delica">
Russula delica

Russula delica is a mushroom that goes by the common name of milk-white brittlegill, and is a member of the "Russula" genus, all of which are collectively known as brittlegills. It is mostly white, with brownish cap markings, and a short robust stem. It is edible, but poor in taste, and grows in mixed woods, in autumn. It can be confused with certain white "Lactarius" species.
Taxonomy.
First described by the Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries in 1838, its specific epithet "delica" is Latin for "weaned". Older names include Christian Hendrik Persoon's "Lactarius piperatus" var. "exsuccus".
This species has seen many taxonomic changes over the years. Many variants, and species have been separated from the true form, for various and myriad reasons. Notably "Russula chloroides" is given species status by some authorities, because of the narrow blue/green zone at the stem apex of some specimens. Gill spacing, and gill depth has also thrown many finds into doubt, in the past.
Mycologist John Burton Cleland collected a form he described in 1935 as "R. delica" from under eucalypts in the Mount Lofty Ranges in South Australia, however, this was reclassified as a new species "R. marangania" in 1997 by Cheryl Grgurinovic.
Description.
The basidiocarps (fruiting bodies) of "Russula delica" seem loath to leave the soil, and are often found half buried. As a result, the caps often traps the surrounding leaf debris on their rough surfaces. The cap can be in diameter. It is white, usually tinged with ochre or brown, with an inrolled margin, which usually remains white. At first it is convex, but later flattens, and is often funnel shaped. The firm, white stipe is short and stout, measuring 2–6 cm (0.8–2.4 in) high and 2–4 cm (0.8–1.6 in) wide. The gills are decurrent, and are quite closely spaced initially. The spore print is creamy white, and the warty oval spores measure 8–12 x 7–9 μm. The flesh is white, and does not change colour on cutting. The flesh may smell faintly of fish or insects, and has a hot, bitter, tangy taste. 
Similar whitish "Lactarius" species, such as "L. piperatus" all exude milk from the gills, and the cut flesh.
Distribution and habitat.
"Russula delica" is widespread in the northern temperate zones, including Britain, Europe, Asia. In North America "Russula delica" is rare, and is largely replaced by "R. brevipes", which is very similar, and is not on the British list. 
A common mushroom, it appears in autumn in deciduous and coniferous woods, and forests.
Edibility.
This mushroom is edible, but poor, having an unpleasant taste, leading some to classify it as inedible.

</doc>
<doc id="19160532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160532" title="Khieu Kanharith">
Khieu Kanharith

Khieu Kanharith (born 13 September 1951) is the Cambodian Minister of Information. Khieu, formerly a newspaper editor, was first elected to the National Assembly of Cambodia in 1981. He was jailed in 1990 for suspicion of dissident activities; in 1991, Hun Sen asked him to serve as an advisor, and in 1992, he was promoted to Minister.
Khieu was born in Phnom Penh to Khieu Than, who was a customs official and his wife Lor Lienghorn. He is also an author and translator, and has produced an unauthorized Khmer language version of the James Clavell novel "Shōgun", which he has had printed with his own money.

</doc>
<doc id="19160534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160534" title="Sabela, Nepal">
Sabela, Nepal

Sabela is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,860 persons living in 1246 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160540" title="Coignard House">
Coignard House

The Coignard House was a prison hospital opened during the French Revolution to house wealthy prisoners from the various prisons opened as in the course of the Reign of Terror then underway.
History.
The location was originally a monastery of canonesses regular founded in 1640 by King Louis XIII, named the Priory of Our Lady of Victory of Lepanto, in honor of the Christian victory over Ottoman forces in the Battle of Lepanto in 1571. Its site is in the corner of what is now Boulevard Diderot with Rue de Picpus. 
In 1792 the monastery was confiscated by the French government and the canonesses were forced to disband. In late 1793 the complex was leased by Eugène Coignard and converted into a 150-bed private prison hospital for those prisoners of the Terror who were able to pay for a more comfortable confinement. The majority of the people held there escaped execution. The most notorious prisoner at the Coignard House was the Marquis de Sade.
The former monastery gardens were seized by the city and used to bury the bodies of those executed at a guillotine set up nearby. The site was later purchased by surviving family members of the aristocracy who were buried in the common graves of the site. Today the cemetery is the Picpus Cemetery. 

</doc>
<doc id="19160547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160547" title="2000 ABC Under-18 Championship">
2000 ABC Under-18 Championship

The ABC Under-18 Championship 2000 is the 16th edition of the ABC's junior championship for basketball. The games were held at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from July 18–27, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19160554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160554" title="When I Call Your Name (album)">
When I Call Your Name (album)

When I Call Your Name is the fourth studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1989 on MCA Nashville Records. It features the singles "Never Alone," "Oklahoma Swing," "When I Call Your Name" and "Never Knew Lonely."
"Ridin' the Rodeo" was later released by the band Perfect Stranger in 1994 from their debut album "You Have the Right to Remain Silent".

</doc>
<doc id="19160556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160556" title="Pocket Full of Gold">
Pocket Full of Gold

Pocket Full of Gold is the fifth studio album from American country music artist, Vince Gill. It was released in 1991 on MCA Nashville Records. It features the singles "Pocket Full of Gold," "Liza Jane," "Look at Us" and "Take Your Memory with You."

</doc>
<doc id="19160558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160558" title="I Still Believe in You (album)">
I Still Believe in You (album)

I Still Believe in You is the sixth studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1992 on MCA Nashville Records. It features the singles "I Still Believe in You" (Gill's first Number One country hit), "Don't Let Our Love Start Slippin' Away", "No Future in the Past," "One More Last Chance" and "Tryin' to Get Over You."
Track listing (European version).
1 Originally released on "When I Call Your Name"
2 Originally released on "Pocket Full of Gold"

</doc>
<doc id="19160559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160559" title="Let There Be Peace on Earth">
Let There Be Peace on Earth

Let There Be Peace on Earth is the first Christmas album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1993 on MCA Nashville Records. "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas," one of the album's tracks, peaked at #54 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
AllMusic critic Roch Parisien panned the album, saying, "Christmas music releases have become a country music tradition, but the result is often generic mushy background instrumentation on the same moldy standards. Guilty of this is Vince Gill, whose Let There Be Peace on Earth is as cliche-ridden as they come."
The album has sold 1,787,000 copies as of December 2012.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
Additional background vocals by the Gene Merlino Singers: Gene Merlino, John Bahler, Dick Bolks, Sally Stevens, Myrna Matthews, Melissa Mackey, Bobbi Page, Amic Byram
String and vocal arrangement by Marty Paich.

</doc>
<doc id="19160560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160560" title="Souvenirs (Vince Gill album)">
Souvenirs (Vince Gill album)

Souvenirs is a greatest hits album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1995 on MCA Nashville Records. No singles were released from the project.

</doc>
<doc id="19160562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160562" title="High Lonesome Sound">
High Lonesome Sound

High Lonesome Sound is the eighth studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1996 on MCA Nashville Records. It features the singles "High Lonesome Sound," "Worlds Apart," "Pretty Little Adrianna, "A Little More Love" and "You and You Alone." Two versions of the title track are included. The one at the end of the album was recorded in a more bluegrass orchestration, backed by Alison Krauss & Union Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19160563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160563" title="Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

These are the results of the men's C-2 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The C-2 event is raced by two-man sprint canoes and was held on August 12.
Final.
With only eight teams competing, a final was held.
The Belgian team did not finish to a man falling overboard during the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19160566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160566" title="The Key (Vince Gill album)">
The Key (Vince Gill album)

The Key is the ninth studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1998 on MCA Nashville Records. It features the singles "If You Ever Have Forever in Mind," "Kindly Keep It Country," "Don't Come Cryin' to Me" (an uncredited duet with Dawn Sears) and "My Kind of Woman/My Kind of Man." This final track was also included on Patty Loveless's 1999 compilation album, "Classics". This was Gill's first No. 1 Country Album.
Track listing.
All songs written by Vince Gill except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19160571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160571" title="Let's Make Sure We Kiss Goodbye">
Let's Make Sure We Kiss Goodbye

"Let's Make Sure We Kiss Goodbye" is the tenth studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 2000 on MCA Nashville Records. It features the singles "Let's Make Sure We Kiss Goodbye," "Feels Like Love" and "Shoot Straight from Your Heart."

</doc>
<doc id="19160577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160577" title="2002 Copa AT&amp;T – Singles">
2002 Copa AT&amp;T – Singles

Gustavo Kuerten was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Agustín Calleri.
Nicolás Massú won in the final 2–6, 7–6(7–5), 6–2 against Calleri.

</doc>
<doc id="19160578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160578" title="John Trotter">
John Trotter

John Trotter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19160581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160581" title="Wishaw General Hospital">
Wishaw General Hospital

Wishaw General Hospital is a district general hospital in the Craigneuk area of Wishaw, North Lanarkshire. 
The Hospital.
Wishaw General Hospital opened on 29 May 2001. It is a 633-bedded hospital, with the second-largest maternity unit in Scotland, delivering 5500 babies each year. The hospital has a paediatric neonatal unit, an MRI scanner, elderly care and psychiatric day hospitals, and an emergency care unit containing an integrated 24-hour accident and emergency unit with 36-bed ward. 
The hospital is just 11 miles from Glasgow, the largest city in Scotland, that lies to the north-west of Wishaw.
Design and construction.
The hospital was designed by Percy Thomas Partnership as part of a Private Finance Initiative (PFI) project led by Summit Healthcare. Construction started on site in November 1998 and was completed in February 2001.
NHS Lanarkshire.
NHS Lanarkshire is responsible for the health of more than 553,000 people living within the North and South Lanarkshire local authority areas.
The three district general hospitals in the area - Wishaw General, Monklands Hospital in Airdrie and Hairmyres Hospital in East Kilbride - each have an accident and emergency department and provide a range of specialist medical and surgical services. Maternity, gynaecology and paediatric services are based at Wishaw General Hospital. 
NHS Lanarkshire employs more than 12,000 staff.
Population.
Wishaw General Hospital serves neighbouring towns of Motherwell, Newmains and Shotts, serving over 250,000 in NHS Lanarkshire. It is one of three acute hospitals in NHS Lanarkshire.
Centralised Services.
As part of NHS Lanarkshire's Picture of Health consultation on the future of service provision within Lanarkshire, the centralisation of specialist services at the most appropriate site is an ongoing process.
Accessibility.
Following a makeover of bus services from First in 2008, more of the company's buses are now travelling past the main entrance of the hospital and the maternity unit. This was considered necessary since more and more patients were using the hospital facilities and that a survey showed an increase of patients in the hospital every year.
The General Hospital lies 1 kilometre from the town's railway station to the south-east and Sheildmuir station just over half a kilometre to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19160596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160596" title="Gopal Menon">
Gopal Menon

Mamballikalam Gopal Menon (born 1974) is an Indian documentary filmmaker. He has made films on violence, communalism, nationality questions, state repression, human rights, environment, and caste. He is the director of the film . This film is the Winner of the 'Spirit of the Himalayas' First Prize at The Netherlands Himalayas Film Festival, Amsterdam, 2004. His film "Let the Butterflies Fly" won the Best Feature-Length Documentary Award at Kashish 2012, the Mumbai Queer Film Festival.
References.
Website

</doc>
<doc id="19160622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160622" title="La Roquette Prisons">
La Roquette Prisons

The La Roquette Prisons were prisons in the 11th arrondissement of Paris, on both sides of rue de la Roquette. Opened in 1830, they were finally closed in 1974. Today the site of la petite Roquette is occupied by square de la Roquette, the largest square in the 11th arrondissement.

</doc>
<doc id="19160625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160625" title="NS Basic">
NS Basic

NS Basic is a family of development tools for the mobile devices developed and commercially marketed by NS BASIC Corporation in Toronto, Canada for iOS, Android, BlackBerry OS, WebOS, Newton OS, Palm OS, Windows CE, Windows Mobile and Microsoft Windows.
History.
NS BASIC Corporation was founded in 1993 to provide easy to use development tools for mobile devices. The manufacturers and licensors of the operating systems usually supply a C++ based tool aimed at highly skilled professional developers. NS BASIC provides an alternative using the JavaScript or Basic programming language, similar to Visual Basic. Key developers include George Henne, Marcus Darden, James Kruth, Eric Pepke and Dan Rowley.
As of 2013, NS Basic's tools are used by almost 20,000 developers in over 80 countries.
AppStudio.
AppStudio was released in December, 2010. It consists of an IDE, a programming language and a deploy module. The IDE and programming language are modeled on Microsoft's Visual Basic: virtually the entire VBscript syntax is implemented. The runtime environment is based on JavaScript, HTML5 and WebKit: many of the features of the underlying technologies is exposed to the AppStudio environment. Programming can be done in Basic or JavaScript. PhoneGap and jQuery Mobile are fully integrated. The programs produced by NS Basic/App Studio are Web apps.
Apps install themselves as offline web applications. They can run on Apple's iOS devices (iPhone, iPad) and Android devices running 2.1 or later and BlackBerry OS.
The latest version of AppStudio is 3.2, released in September 2013.
Retired Products.
NS Basic/Newton, the company's first product, was released on July 1, 1994 and retired in 2002. for the Apple Newton MessagePad. It runs entirely on Newton OS devices. In 1997 it was joined by NewtCard, a Newton HyperCard analogue sold separately. The last version of NS Basic/Newton released was 3.61 in 1998.
NS Basic/CE was released in 1998 and retired in February, 2013. The last version of NS Basic/CE was 8.2.0, released in March, 2010.
NS Basic/Palm was released in 2000 and was retired in 2013. The last version of NS Basic/Palm was 7.0.0, released in February, 2009.
NS Basic/Symbian was released in August, 2008. It was retired in January, 2010.
NS Basic/Desktop was released in 2005 and was retired in 2013. The last version of NS Basic/Desktop was 4.0.0, released in June, 2009.
Mobile Application Development.
The company also undertakes custom development for companies who need applications for mobile devices, such as iPhone, Android, BlackBerry, Windows Mobile, and Palm OS. Applications can be developed for just one platform or for multiple platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19160633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160633" title="Adolf Zytogorski">
Adolf Zytogorski

Adolf Żytogórski (Adolph Zytogorski) (c. 1806 – 27 February 1882) was a Polish-British chess master.
Chess biography.
Born in Poland, Zytogorski was a political refugee after the collapse of the Polish–Russian War in 1830–31 (November Uprising). He emigrated to England. In 1843 he played a match with Howard Staunton, receiving pawn and two moves, and won six games right off the reel. Zytogorski was befriended by the late Robert Brien, who succeeded Staunton as an editor of "The Chronicle" in 1854–56; and Brien, after his quarrel with Staunton, published for the first time the particulars of the above match. Zytogorski won a match against Franciscus Janssens (6:4) in 1854, took second behind Ernst Falkbeer and ahead of Brien in 1855 ("Triangular"), and lost to Valentine Green (7:8) in 1856 (Zytogorski gave odds of pawn and move).
He won at London 1855 (Kling's Coffee House), played in semifinals at London 1856 (McDonnell Chess Club), and lost to Ignaz von Kolisch at Cambridge 1860 (semifinal). 
Zytogorski died at age 75 in The German Hospital, Dalston, London.

</doc>
<doc id="19160638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160638" title="1963 Gillette Cup">
1963 Gillette Cup

The 1963 Gillette Cup was an English county cricket tournament, held between 1 May and 7 September 1963. The tournament was won by Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="19160667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160667" title="Sapahi, Janakpur">
Sapahi, Janakpur

Sapahi is a Village Development Committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. It is the birthplace of Nepal's first president Dr. Ram Baran Yadav. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,023 persons residing in 1078 individual households. Sapahi is home town of first president of Nepal Ram Baran Yadav.

</doc>
<doc id="19160672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160672" title="Riverside Medical Center">
Riverside Medical Center

Established in 1964, Riverside Medical Center serves the south suburban counties of Chicago, USA, as a not-for-profit medical facility. Riverside has three medical campuses serving Kankakee, Bourbonnais, and Coal City, IL as well as nine Community Health Centers serving areas within Kankakee, Will, Iroquois and Grundy Counties.
Riverside Medical Center has specialty programs in cardiac surgery, neurosurgery, obstetrics, trauma, oncology, rehabilitation, geriatrics, occupational health, treatment of alcohol and chemical dependency and psychiatric services. For its heart and oncology programs, Riverside partners with Rush University Medical Center in Chicago.
The Riverside Medical Center Kankakee Campus houses a 336-bed hospital that provides inpatient and outpatient care. The Emergency Department is designated as a Level II Trauma Center and a Resource Hospital by the Illinois Department of Public Health. Kankakee is home to Riverside's senior living community featuring active independent living, assisted living, 24-hour skilled nursing care and Alzheimer's care.
Accreditations and affiliations.
Collaborative working relationships and cultural exchange programs have been established between Riverside and RUSH University Medical Center bringing new treatment methodologies to patients. Rush-Riverside Heart Center and Rush-Riverside Cancer Institute are examples of two such collaborative efforts.
Awards and accolades.
Thomson 100 Top Hospital.
2007 Thomson 100 Top Hospital 
Care Science.
2006 Care Science

</doc>
<doc id="19160684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160684" title="Satosar">
Satosar

Bhathihan Bazar is a village of satosarvillage development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,872 persons living in 925 individual households.
External links.
T

</doc>
<doc id="19160693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160693" title="Shantipur, Janakpur">
Shantipur, Janakpur

Shantipur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,007 persons living in 674 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160701" title="Dugazon family">
Dugazon family

The Dugazon family (after their stage name) or the Gourgaud family was a famous acting dynasty in 18th century France. It was founded by Pierre-Antoine Gourgaud (1706-1774), whose children included the actors Françoise-Rose Gourgaud (1743-1804) and Jean-Henri Gourgaud (1746-1809). It also includes members of the family by marriage, such as Jean-Henri's wife Louise-Rosalie Lefebvre (1755-1821), a mezzo-soprano opera singer who used the stage name Madame Dugazon after her marriage. Via Françoise-Rose's marriage to Angiolo Vestris, it also became linked to the Vestris family.

</doc>
<doc id="19160707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160707" title="Siddha, Janakpur">
Siddha, Janakpur

Siddha is a Village Development Committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,059.

</doc>
<doc id="19160710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160710" title="Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

These are the results of the women's K-1 500 metres competition in canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The K-1 event is raced by single-person canoe sprint kayaks. Heat and semifinals took place on August 12.
Heats.
The ten competitors first raced in two heats. The top four finishers in both heats moved directly to the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19160711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160711" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1924–1927">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1924–1927

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1924 election and the 1927 election, together known as the 12th Parliament. During the previous term, the Country Party had split into rival factions, the Ministerial Country Party (MCP) which comprised the bulk of the parliamentary party—many of whom had switched allegiance from other parties since 1919—and the Executive Country Party (ECP), which was loyal to the Primary Producers' Association, which the Country Party was intended to represent in Parliament. After the 1924 election, which significantly strengthened the latter at the expense of the former, the Ministerial arm merged with the Nationalist Party, as did the National Labor Party, which lost most of its representation in the election.

</doc>
<doc id="19160719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160719" title="Sinurjoda">
Sinurjoda

Sinurjoda is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,298 persons living in 1128 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160728" title="Sonigama">
Sonigama

Sonigama is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,077 persons living in 925 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160736" title="Suganikash">
Suganikash

Suganikash is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of at least 100 persons living in 524 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160743" title="Tarapatti Sirsiya">
Tarapatti Sirsiya

Tarapatti Sirsiya is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,271 persons living in 1108 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160754" title="Thadi Jhijha">
Thadi Jhijha

Thadi Jhijha is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,870 persons living in 1021 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160755" title="Marcel Román">
Marcel Román

Marcel Nicolás Román Núñez (born 7 February 1988 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan footballer who plays for Prato.

</doc>
<doc id="19160763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160763" title="Thilla Yaduwa">
Thilla Yaduwa

Thilla Yaduwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,740 persons living in 503 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160773" title="Tulsiyahi Nikas">
Tulsiyahi Nikas

Tulsiyahi Nikas is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,722 persons living in 597 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160785" title="Tulsiyani Jabdi">
Tulsiyani Jabdi

Tulsiyani Jabdi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,459 persons living in 795 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160792" title="Umprempur">
Umprempur

Umprempur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,345 persons living in 1774 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160793" title="When I Call Your Name">
When I Call Your Name

When I Call Your Name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19160822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160822" title="Yadukush">
Yadukush

Yadukush is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,279.

</doc>
<doc id="19160823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160823" title="Crater Peak">
Crater Peak

Crater Peak may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19160830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160830" title="Nakatajhijh">
Nakatajhijh

Nakatajhijh is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,190 persons living in 1246 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19160835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160835" title="1946–47 Rangers F.C. season">
1946–47 Rangers F.C. season

The 1946–47 season was the 50th season of competitive football by Rangers.
Overview.
Rangers played a total of 43 competitive matches during the 1946–47 season. This was the first official season played since the end of the Second World War. The club played in the Scottish League Division One and won the championship with 46 points.
The club played in the first ever League Cup this season, beating Aberdeen 4–0 in the final with Jimmy Duncanson netting a brace. The Scottish Cup campaign was less of a success as the club was knocked out in the second round by Hibernian.
Results.
All results are written with Rangers' score first.

</doc>
<doc id="19160847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160847" title="Transportation in Doha">
Transportation in Doha

The city of Doha in Qatar has recently been undergoing a huge expansion to its transportation network, including the addition of new highways, the construction of a new airport, and the planned construction of a metro system. This has all been as a result of Doha's rapid growth, which has resulted in huge congestion on its roads.
Roads.
Doha has a comprehensive road network made up primarily of two and three-lane dual carriageways. As a result of Doha being a relatively young city, Doha's roads are wide and usually include service roads and large central dividers. While traditionally roundabouts have been used as intersections in the city, this has recently changed as a result of the huge load on the city's road networks. Many major roundabouts have been removed and instead either replaced with traffic lights or with underpasses and overpasses. Furthermore, many major thoroughfares in the city are being converted into highways in order to accommodate the huge increase of traffic on the city's roads.
Highways.
There are five main highways connecting Doha to its neighboring cities. These are the Dukhan highway to the west of the city, the Al-Shamal Road, connecting Doha to the north of the country, the Al‑Khor Expressway, connecting Doha to the northern town of Al‑Khor, and the Wakrah/Messaid Road, connecting Doha to the south of the country. Finally, Salwa Road runs through south Doha and connects the city to the Saudi border to the south of the country.
These highways are all currently undergoing expansion, and are being expanded within Doha itself.
Doha Expressway (D‑Ring Road/Al Shamal Road).
The Al Shamal-Road has traditionally connected to the D‑Ring Road in Doha, a three-lane dual carriageway that connects the city on a north-south axis. However, as a result of congestion, the D‑Ring Road is being converted into a major highway through the city, and its name has been changed to the Doha Expressway, connecting Doha as a whole and connecting Doha with the north of Qatar. Several phases of the expressway have been completed, including the Al Shamal Bridge, the Landmark Interchange, the Gharaffa Interchange, and the Midmac/Salwa Road Interchange.
The Al Shamal Road is also undergoing significant expansion as part of the Doha Expressway project. The road is being expanded into a four-lane highway (a total of eight lanes) with major interchanges which will better serve the country than the existing two-lane dual carriageway. Furthermore, the new Doha Expressway will connect Doha with the planned Qatar-Bahrain Friendship Bridge at al‑Zubara, connecting the two Persian Gulf states in a similar manner Bahrain and Saudi Arabia are currently connected.
Lusail Expressway.
The Lusail expressway is expected to connect the new city of Lusail, currently being constructed north of Doha, to central Doha, along with connecting the Pearl to the mainland. The expressway is expected to take the path along the former Istiqlal Road, now Lusail Street, and will be a 4‑lane dual carriageway passing through the city. The expressway will extend from Lusail City, through Rainbow roundabout, the Qatar Sports Club roundabout, and the fire department roundabout.
Dukhan Highway.
The existing Dukhan highway has been undergoing a reconstruction project for several years, with new interchanges having been constructed and the road being significantly expanded. In the future, it is planned to expand the highway so that it connects directly into Doha through a system of underpasses and overpasses, with plans to replace the Tilted Roundabout, the Markhiya Roundabout, and the TV Roundabout, all major roundabouts in Doha, with underpasses and overpasses.
Salwa Highway.
The Salwa Highway project's first phase has been completed. This phase involved the expansion of the highway, which connects Doha to the southwestern town of Salwa on the Saudi Arabian border, into a four-lane highway with grade separated interchanges. The rest of Salwa Road is expected to be expanded and upgraded, from the recently completed Industrial Interchange to the Jaidah flyover, including the construction of an underpass at the Ramada signals, Doha's busiest traffic light intersection. This project is not expected to commence until after the completion of the Doha Expressway.
F‑Ring Road.
The F‑Ring Road will be the sixth ring road in Doha, and is being constructed as part of the transportation network leading to the New Doha International Airport. The new highway will connect the airport to the corniche at the new Ras Abu Aboud interchange, currently under construction, and will involve a new ring road south of the E‑Ring Road.
Taxis.
The Mowasalat company operates all taxis in Qatar under its Karwa brand, with thousands of taxis operating in the capital. There are many taxi stands in the city, and while in the past difficulties arose in finding taxis due to the small number of taxis on the roads following the launch of the company, today this has become less of an issue.
Fares start at 10 riyals and the majority of taxis are well-equipped, comfortable sedans such as the Toyota Camry or the Ford Mondeo. Airport taxis at the Doha International Airport are generally Ford Freestars.
Bus system.
An extensive bus system, operated by the government-owned Mowasalat company, currently operates in the city of Doha. The bus system covers many areas of the city, and there are stops throughout the city. The bus system is mainly used by lower-income groups, and does not attract many from the higher-income groups in the city, which has resulted in increased congestion on the roads of Doha, as most people prefer cars.
The main bus station is located in the Souqs area of downtown Doha, and services operate to all major towns in Qatar.
Railways.
The Qatar Integrated Railway Project covers four metro lines in Doha, tram routes in West Bay and Lusail, a high-speed line, and dedicated freight railways.
Doha metro.
A four-line, 300 km metro for Doha is under construction. Construction work on the Msheireb station—planned as the hub between—October 10, 2012, to mark the start of work on the key interchange station at Msheireb, which will form the hub of the Doha metro network. The system will include commuter lines, four light rail lines, and a people mover. In August Qatar Rail signed five contracts totaling 1.48 billion riyals for work on the first phase of the metro, which covers 129 route-kilometers including the Red, Green, and Gold lines. The contracts were awarded to Porr/Saudi Binladin/HBK Contracting (enabling works), Jacobs Engineering (Red Line), Louis Berger/Egis Group (Gold Line and main stations), Hill International (Green Line), and Lloyd's Register (safety assessment). According to the CEO of Qatar Rail, Phase 1 is due to open in the fourth quarter of 2019, well ahead of the 2022 FIFA World Cup.
West Bay tramway.
Doha's West Bay neighborhood is also getting a transit system, an 11.5 km catenary-free tramway. The turnkey-system constructed by Siemens is expected to open in 2015.
Lusail light rail transit.
The city of Lusail, which is located approximately 15 km north of Doha's city center, is getting a light rail transit system comprising 36 stations over 38.8 kilometers. It will connect to the Doha metro. It is expected to cost 10 billion riyals and will be completed in 2016.
Gulf Railway.
The Gulf Railway is a proposed railway project that would connect the six Arab member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC)—Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates—of the Persian Gulf. The regional network would be 1,940 kilometers long. It is aimed to be operational by 2017. A monorail system is expected to be the first to open, and will carry passengers between Bahrain and Saudi Arabia. According to initial planning documents, the metro lines will be mostly underground, which could be a challenge for engineers due to the high water table.
Aviation.
Doha International Airport is Qatar's only international airport. It is the hub of Qatar Airways, and is served by many other international airlines. Because of the rapid growth in Qatar and the rapid growth of Qatar Airways, many now consider the airport too small and unable to properly handle all of the traffic that goes through the airport. This problem was recently addressed with a large expansion that was made in anticipation of the 15th Asian Games. In order to accommodate increased traffic, the airport's facilities was expanded significantly, including the construction of a separate terminal dedicated to first- and business-class passengers, and expansion of the current terminal. Furthermore, new stands have been constructed on the opposite side of the runway to handle additional air traffic. These changes have temporarily eased the problem, but because of the airport's small size and limited space for expansion, this has not been enough to permanently solve the problem of the airport crowding.
A new airport, the Hamad International Airport, is being constructed near the existing airport (about 3 miles east), and should solve the problems the current airport has. The first phase of the airport, to be completed in late 2013, along with the second phase will be able to accommodate 25 million passengers annually. Upon completion of the third phase, the airport is expected to be able to handle up to 50 million passengers annually. The new airport is located further away from the central areas of the city than the current airport, reducing noise and environmental pollution. The total cost of the new airport is $22 billion.
In comparison with other major airports around the world, it will be one of the largest in the world:
The Al Udeid Air Base, a major U.S. Air Force base, is located southwest of Doha.

</doc>
<doc id="19160863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160863" title="Fernando de Valdés y Salas">
Fernando de Valdés y Salas

Fernando de Valdés y Salas, (Salas, Asturias, 1483-Madrid, 1568, aged 85) was a Spanish churchman and jurist, Professor of Canon Law at the University of Salamanca, and later its Chancellor.
Biography.
He was member of the Supreme Council of the Spanish Inquisition from 1516, Bishop of Ourense, (1529–1532), Bishop of Oviedo, (July 1532 - May 1539), Bishop of León,(1539), Bishop of Sigüenza,(October 1539 - August 1546), Archbishop of Seville, (August 1546 - December 1566), President of the Royal Council of Castile, Inquisitor General, (1547–1566). He published an "Index of Forbidden books" in 1559, including Erasmus of Rotterdam, (October 27, 1466/1469 – July 12, 1536), Frey Louis of Granada,(Granada, 1505 - Lisbon, Portugal, December 31, 1588), Saint Francisco de Borja, ( 3 October 1510 - 28 September 1572), and other authors.
He tried to clean out heterodox people, associated to Jewish and Moslem "conversos" and Erasmist and Lutheran circles, discovered in 1558, from the high nobility and the high ecclesiastical positions around Valladolid and Sevilla, with the Archbishop of Toledo, (1558 - May 2, 1576), born in 1503 at Miranda de Arga, Navarre, Bartolomé Carranza.

</doc>
<doc id="19160867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160867" title="Quarles &amp; Brady">
Quarles &amp; Brady

Quarles & Brady LLP is a large U.S. law firm based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. According to the National Law Journal's 2012 rankings, it is the 107th largest law firm in the United States, and the second-largest firm in the state of Wisconsin (after Foley & Lardner). The firm also ranked 184th in profit per attorney on the 2010 AmLaw 200 survey.
History.
Quarles & Brady was formed in 1974 by the merger of two older firms: Brady Tyrrell Cotter & Cutler and Quarles Herriott Clemons Teschner & Noelke. In 2000, the firm merged with Streich Lang, a prominent Phoenix, Arizona law firm. After being known in Arizona as Quarles & Brady Streich Lang LLP, the firm shortened its name and is now uniformly known as Quarles & Brady LLP.
Practice areas.
Quarles & Brady has practices in commercial litigation, environmental law, regulatory compliance, Corporate law & securities law, mergers & acquisitions, private equity, antitrust, tax law, intellectual property, and real estate.
The firm also has a lobbying and public affairs subsidiary called Triadvocates.

</doc>
<doc id="19160889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160889" title="Ser Bonita No Basta">
Ser Bonita No Basta

Ser Bonita No Basta (Beauty is not enough) is a 2005 Venezuelan telenovela produced by RCTV and distributed internationally by RCTV International. Marjorie De Sousa and Ricardo Álamo star as the main protagonists while Fedra López and Hugo Vasquez star as the main antagonists.
Plot.
The telenovela tells the story of three half-sisters: Coral Torres, Topacio Martínez and Esmeralda Falcón. Three sisters are completely unaware of each other's existence and of the fact that their father, Asdrúbal Torres, is still alive. The only thing that links them is a birthmark in the shape of a crescent.
All three sisters are incredibly beautiful in their own way, but nevertheless miserable in their private life.

</doc>
<doc id="19160892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160892" title="No Kidding (film)">
No Kidding (film)

No Kidding is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Gerald Thomas featuring Leslie Phillips, Geraldine McEwan and Irene Handl, Noel Purcell and Julia Lockwood. The film is adapted from Verily Anderson's novel "Beware of Children".
Plot.
David (Leslie Phillips) and Catherine Robinson (Geraldine McEwan) move into a rundown country house. After a number of failed ventures, they are looking to build a solid business. They strike upon the idea of setting up a summer home for the children of the wealthy. They attract a number of customers, and hire a matron (June Jago) and a cook (Joan Hickson), and immediately fall foul of a local councillor (Irene Handl) who does not believe they should be allowed to look after children. 
The families arrive and drop off their children. They range from polite, scared and helpful to wild, spoilt, rebellious children led by an American brother and sister, and an English fantasist girl (Julia Lockwood), who tries to insist that she has been maltreated by her in fact kindly family. 
As the children grow increasingly ill-disciplined, the staff and owners battle to keep them under control. The father advocates a tough approach while his wife beliefs that the children's freedom should be allowed to flourish. They are undermined by an increasingly drunken cook, and the wild antics of the children.
After an illicit midnight trip out to a nearby cafe, the children are grounded for two days. They also hear that the local council are sending an inspector round, who is likely to close them down if they fail the test. They rally the staff and children, who behave correctly when the visitors come.
When the children's families come to collect them, they refuse to come down - wishing they could stay. They insist that in future they are treated better by their parents, to which the parents agree. The children depart. The Robinsons, realising that they have now got financial security, decide to fulfil their dream of having more children.

</doc>
<doc id="19160901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160901" title="Sun House">
Sun House

Sun House can be:

</doc>
<doc id="19160920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160920" title="What Up, What's Haapnin'">
What Up, What's Haapnin'

"What Up, What's Haapnin'", is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I., from his sixth studio album "Paper Trail". The track was produced by Drumma Boy and was released for digital download on September 2, 2008. The song peaked at eighty four on the Billboard Hot 100 and at number ninety seven Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart when it first leaked into Internet. The song is a direct diss to Shawty Lo. The video had made its way to iTunes, BET's 106 & Park, & MTV.
Music video.
The music video for this track premiered on Streetcred.com on September 12, 2008. It was officially released for download on iTunes on September 16, 2008. 
The video directed by Kai Crawford dissed Shawty Lo in many scenes, and was shot in his neighborhood. The video also shows toward the end T.I. & others doing the dance to "Dey Know".

</doc>
<doc id="19160923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160923" title="Beverley Jacobs">
Beverley Jacobs

Beverley K. Jacobs, LL.B., LL.M., is a Kanienkehaka (Mohawk) community representative from the Six Nations of the Grand River Territory, Bear Clan. She is a former president of the Native Women's Association of Canada (NWAC).

</doc>
<doc id="19160939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160939" title="João Pedro Torlades O'Neill">
João Pedro Torlades O'Neill

João Pedro Torlades O'Neill (Palmela - ?), was a son of Joaquim Torlades O'Neill and wife and first cousin Maria Carolina Caffary (or Caffre).
Career.
He was a Vice-Consul of Belgium in Setúbal, etc.
Marriage and issue.
He married in Setúbal, São Sebastião, on 30 November 1876 to Leopoldina Carolina de Almeida Carvalho (Setúbal, São Sebastião, 8 February 1853 - ?), daughter of Dr. João Carlos de Almeida Carvalho, Licentiate in Law from the University of Coimbra, Lawyer, Historiographer (dedicating himself a lot to the History of Setúbal, his homeland), Journalist, First Officer Tachygrapher of the Secretariat of the Chamber of the Peers of the Realm, etc., and wife and cousin Mariana Inácia Pinto de Carvalho, and had seven children: 

</doc>
<doc id="19160966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160966" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Chihuahua">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Chihuahua

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Chihuahua Campus (in Spanish: "Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Chihuahua") commonly shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Chihuahua or ITESM Campus Chihuahua, is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system in Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19160967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160967" title="Neil Robertson (gymnast)">
Neil Robertson (gymnast)

Neil Robertson is an artistic gymnast on the Scottish national team
Junior career.
Robertson was named the Scottish national men's artistic gymnastics champion in 2006
Senior career.
Robertson came third in his first appearance at the Scottish national men's artistic championships in 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19160975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160975" title="Julie Nesrallah">
Julie Nesrallah

Julie Nesrallah is a Canadian mezzo-soprano and radio host.
Biography.
Julie Nesrallah is a singer, actress and broadcaster with an engaging personality. She has a rich and expressive voice. Miss Nesrallah is regularly engaged by opera companies, symphonies, festivals and chamber music ensembles across North America and abroad. 
In February, 2013, Miss Nesrallah was awarded the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal for her cultural contribution to Canada as the host of CBC Radio 2's national classical music program, Tempo. She is also the host of CBC TV Ottawa's Solo series. 
On July 1, 2011 Miss Nesrallah sang God Save the Queen for His Royal Highness Prince William and Her Royal Highness Princess Kate during Canada Day festivities in Ottawa on Parliament Hill. Miss Nesrallah has also performed An Evening for Peace in Montreal for Her Majesty Queen Noor of Jordan. She also sang for Her Royal Highness Princess Haya in Amman, Jordan, to launch an endowment fund for underprivileged girls to study music in Canada. 
Miss Nesrallah participated in the Ottawa Jazz Festival in June 2012, and has just returned from an engagement with the Bogota Philharmonic Orchestra, performing the title role in George Bizet's opera, Carmen. Miss Nesrallah has recently debuted a song cycle by Dr. James Wright written for her and The Gryphon Trio called Letters to the Immortal Beloved (based on Beethoven's love letters) at the Ottawa International Chamber Music Festival and at a music festival in Goiania, Brazil. 
Miss Nesrallah is the Executive Producer and star of Carmen on Tap, a "rogue opera company" she created that performs Carmen as dinner theatre. Carmen on Tap will debut at the Lula Lounge in Toronto in August 2014 with the American tenor Richard Troxell.
Awards.
Miss Nesrallah has been the recipient of many distinguished prizes, including the Canada Council for the Arts Emerging Artist Award & Mid-Career Grant; grand prize winner of the Brian Law Opera Award; grand prize winner of the Arab Ambassador Awards; grand prize winner of the Cercle des Cents Associes Award; winner of the Lebanese Canadian Chamber of Commerce Award.
External links.
Official website
www.carmenbound.com
www.cbcmusic.ca/tempo

</doc>
<doc id="19160984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160984" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1927–1930">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1927–1930

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1927 election and the 1930 election, together known as the 13th Parliament. 

</doc>
<doc id="19160992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160992" title="Hannes Smith">
Hannes Smith

Johannes Martin Smith (17 March 1933 – 5 August 2008), affectionately known as Smithie, was a Namibian journalist, editor and publisher. He was first reporter at, then the editor of, the "Windhoek Advertiser" until 1978 when he and Gwen Lister founded the "Windhoek Observer", the country's only Saturday paper at that time. He remained the owner and editor of the Observer until his death.
Personal.
Smith was born in Grootfontein, Otjozondjupa Region on 17 March 1933. His parents were Angolan boers that participated in the Dorsland Trek. A White Namibian, Smith was known for being a muckraker and anti-establishment journalist that took on both the apartheid government of South Africa and the post-independence government of the Republic of Namibia, especially President Sam Nujoma.
1959 Old Location Controversy.
In August 2003, President Nujoma and Smith became involved in a conflict regarding the events which are called the Old Location Massacre. Nujoma wrote in his autobiography, "Where Others Wavered: The Autobiography of Sam Nujoma" that wounded blacks were denied medical treatment by white medical staff, including those at the small Red Cross Society clinic. Smith, a young reporter in Windhoek at the time of massacre, challenged that claim, stating that he had personally witnessed Black Namibians receiving treatment. Nujoma hit back at Smith, accusing him of blackmail and of lying.

</doc>
<doc id="19160997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19160997" title="Transposition (law)">
Transposition (law)

In European Union law, transposition is a process by which the European Union's member states give force to a directive by passing appropriate implementation measures. Transposition is typically done by either primary or secondary legislation.
The European Commission closely monitors that transposition is timely, correctly done and implemented, so as to attain the results intended. Incorrect transposition may be the result of "gold-plating" (exceeding the requirements of the directive), "double-banking" (overlapping between existing national laws and the transposed directive), or "regulatory creep" (overzealous enforcement or a state of uncertainty in the status of the regulation). 
The European Commission may bring a case in the European Court of Justice against states which have not transposed directives adequately. Additionally, any individual or business in a Member State may lodge a complaint with the Commission about the incorrect or delayed transposition of an EU directive or "for any measure (law, regulation or administrative action) or practice attributable to a Member State which they consider incompatible with a provision or a principle of EU law." 
The Commission publishes an annual report summarising how EU law has been transposed, with statistics on the numbers and types of infringements, per country and sector. 

</doc>
<doc id="19161006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161006" title="John E.P. Daingerfield">
John E.P. Daingerfield

John E.P. Daingerfield served as a clerk at the Harpers Ferry Armory in 1859 during John Brown’s raid. Daingerfield received his rank of captain on June 10, 1861 and transferred to Fayetteville as munitions and equipment were moved to the Fayetteville Arsenal from Harpers Ferry that same year.
Maj. John C. Booth, commanding officer at the Fayetteville Arsenal, appointed him military paymaster and storekeeper, prestigious jobs in the Army. Daingerfield served in the 2nd Battalion Local Defense Troops, commonly referred to as the Arsenal Guard.
In June 1885, "The Century" published Captain Daingerfield's article "John Brown at Harper's Ferry" giving an account of the incident from a prisoner's standpoint. 
In 1873, Daingerfield moved into a home currently maintained at its original location in Heritage Square with his wife Matilda and their four children. Their son, Elliot Daingerfield became a celebrated painter of North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19161022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161022" title="Mike's On">
Mike's On

"Mike's On: Francesa on the FAN is a sports radio talk show airing on New York City station WFAN, hosted by Mike Francesa. The show was simulcast on television on the YES Network under the title The Mike Francesa Show". The show is the successor of the first nationally known radio sports team in the history of sports talk radio, "Mike and the Mad Dog". The show has been on WFAN since September 2, 2008. The YES simulcast ended on January 31, 2014. According to many sources, Fox Sports 1 will air the simulcast.
Show format.
The format of the show is similar to "Mike and the Mad Dog" with Francesa giving his opinions on the major sports stories of the day, as well as answering calls from sports fan. Also, Francesa brings on guests from various sports ranging from head coaches/managers and players in the NFL, NBA, NHL, MLB and NCAA to broadcasters, and sports writers from major newspapers across the country.
Name.
The show's previous name is "Mike'd Up: Francesa on the FAN". Francesa had a TV show on WNBC entitled "", and WFAN had to secure permission from WNBC to use the name "Mike'd Up". On January 15, 2012, Francesa announced that the show could not reach an agreement with WNBC to continue to license the name "Mike'd Up" and changed its name to "Mike's On: Francesa on the FAN".
Broadcast times.
The program airs from 1:00 to 6:30 p.m. on WFAN, WLLD-HD3 in Tampa Bay, WOCL-HD3 in Orlando, WEAT-HD3 in West Palm Beach, WJFK-FM-HD3 in Washington, D.C. and formerly the YES Network.
Awards.
In 2012 and 2013, Francesa was ranked number one among the 100 most important sports talk radio hosts in America by "Talkers Magazine". Francesa credited colleagues at WFAN for his success with special salute to Russo. Francesa won the 2012 Marconi Award for Major Market Personality of the Year, which is his second since 2000. The announcement was made on September 20 at the 2012 National Association of Broadcasters Marconi Radio Awards Dinner and Show in Dallas, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19161027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161027" title="Take It Greasy">
Take It Greasy

Take It Greasy was the first album to be released by Australian 50's retro band Ol' 55. The album sold very well in Australia, reaching number 3 on the national charts and was awarded a platinum record. At the time, 1950s music and culture had gained a newfound interest in Australia amongst a younger generation, largely due to the influence of the very popular TV show "Happy Days" and earlier investigations into doo-wop by the group Daddy Cool.

</doc>
<doc id="19161034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161034" title="Hikari (Mai Hoshimura song)">
Hikari (Mai Hoshimura song)

Hikari is the 14th single by Japanese singer Mai Hoshimura. It was released on August 20, 2008 under the Sony Music Entertainment label. The title track was used as the theme song for the TBS TV drama . The single peaked at number 14 in the Oricon charts selling 7,883 units on its first week. This is currently Mai Hoshimura's most successful single after her singles "Get Happy", "Sakura Biyori", and her previous single "Regret" which are her first three top 30 entries on the Oricon charts since she started her singing career.
This single's catalog number is SECL-672.

</doc>
<doc id="19161035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161035" title="Bolton Wanderers F.C. Reserves and Academy">
Bolton Wanderers F.C. Reserves and Academy

Bolton Development Squad.
Bolton Wanderers Development Squad play in the FA Premier U21 League. They also participate in the Manchester Senior Cup, although in recent years the teams entered in this competition have featured an increasing number of youth players.
Bolton Wanderers Development Squad play their home games at the County Ground in Leyland, the home ground of the Lancashire F.A.
Throughout the history of Bolton Wanderers F.C. many of the club's best known players have progressed through the reserve team. These include former captain Kevin Nolan.
The Academy.
The Bolton Wanderers Academy was established in 1998 and is based at the club and the main training ground. It replaced the older, more informal youth system, and enabled the club to focus their youth development and scouting, employing new techniques and FA standards.
It is overseen by former Bolton Wanderers F.C. player Jimmy Phillips. It provides a stepping stone for youngsters to progress to the highest levels of football at Bolton Wanderers.
Scouts attend many local youth matches looking for talented boys. A boy will then be invited to attend training sessions at the Academy. They are taken in as young as the age of eight. At this age, the boys start by simply attending after-school training sessions, but as they reach their middle-teens, their academic needs will be taken over by the Academy if they are deemed athletically talented enough.
Between the ages of eight and twelve the boys play in eight-a-side games of three twenty-minute periods. It allows the boys to play as defenders or as attackers in small groups within a system and is not as physically demanding as playing eleven-a-side matches.
The first player to graduate from the Academy to the first team was the former club captain, Kevin Nolan who had previously been on the youth books of Liverpool. He has since been followed into the first team by Joey O'Brien, Ricardo Vaz Tê and Bolton born Nicky Hunt.
In December 2012, the Bolton Academy was awarded Elite status by the Premier League.
Players.
Development Squad.
The following players are expected to play for the Bolton development squad during the 2012-13 Barclays U21 Premier League. They will compete in National Group One along with Arsenal, Blackburn Rovers, Everton, Norwich City, Reading, West Bromwich Albion and West Ham United.
Three players over the age of 21 and players from the U18 side are also eligible to play in these fixtures and the games will usually take place on a Monday afternoon or evening. Furthermore at least two of the club's development fixtures must be played at the Reebok Stadium as per FA rules introduced in 2012.
The squad is currently managed by Jamie Fullarton.
"As of 15 August 2012." "Squad Numbers refer to players' first team squad number (for season 2013–14), where applicable. Reserve and youth games are 1–11."
Managerial History.
Academy (Under-18s).
"As of June 2013."
In addition, the reserves and academy employ staff from the first-team.
Graduates.
The following players have been associated with the Bolton Wanderers Academy and have gone on to play league football for Bolton or other clubs.
asterix symbol = indicates player played for Bolton's first team

</doc>
<doc id="19161046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161046" title="Hightech Information System">
Hightech Information System

HIS ("Hightech Information System Limited"; established 1987), is a Hong Kong-based graphics card company that produces AMD (formerly known as ATI) Radeon video cards. Since the first quarter of 2007, HIS has won over 600 awards with its AMD based graphics solutions from major media worldwide. Its headquarters are in Hong Kong, with additional sales offices and distribution networks in Europe, the Middle East, North America and Asia Pacific Regions. It is being recognized as a provider of performance leading and award-winning products: IceQ, iCooler, iFan, TURBO Edition, VIVO Edition, AIW Edition, Dual DVI Edition. The current distributor in Hong Kong is B.I.F. TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.
Products.
HIS manufactures and sells AMD Radeon series video cards. Recently, they released their versions of the Radeon Southern Islands. The current version of IceQ has four wide heatpipes which covers the GPU.
4800 Series.
The HD4850 IceQ4 TurboX claims to be the fastest Radeon HD4850 card in the world.
IceQ cooling system.
HIS IceQ is HIS's cooling technology. Featuring single blower fans and an extra large heatsink surface area, IceQ can effectively dissipate more heat from the GPU, thus allowing higher levels of performance. 
The cooler is designed to expel air out of slots in the back of the card to prevent hot air from accumulating in the computer's case. Cool air is drawn from both sides of the fan, this ensures effective cooling when there is another card in front blocking the fan inlet, such as in CrossFire setup. IceQ coolers allow clearance for a Crossfire bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19161089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161089" title="Law and Disorder (1958 film)">
Law and Disorder (1958 film)

Law and Disorder is a 1958 British comedy film directed by Charles Crichton and starring Michael Redgrave, Robert Morley, Joan Hickson, Lionel Jeffries . It was based on the 1954 novel "Smugglers' Circuit" by Denys Roberts. The film was started by director Henry Cornelius who died whilst making the film. He was replaced by Charles Crichton.

</doc>
<doc id="19161092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161092" title="Fu Zhihuan">
Fu Zhihuan

Fu Zhihuan (; born March 1938) is a politician of the People's Republic of China, and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. He served as the Minister of Railways of China from March 1998 to 2003. 
Fu was a member of 15th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19161111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161111" title="George &quot;Wild Child&quot; Butler">
George &quot;Wild Child&quot; Butler

George "Wild Child" Butler (October 1, 1936 – March 1, 2005) was an American blues guitarist, harmonica player, and vocalist.
Butler was born in Hernando, Mississippi, or Autuagaville, Alabama, United States, and began playing blues music in bands from the late 1950s, but it was not until 1966 that he began to receive notice, after moving to Chicago and signing with Jewel Records. His early sessions were recorded with Willie Dixon, Cash McCall and Jimmy Dawkins as sidemen. He recorded an album for Mercury Records in 1969.
In 1981, Butler moved to Ontario, Canada, where he played regularly. In the 1990s, he began recording with record producer Mike Vernon in England, which resulted in two albums released on Bullseye Blues.
Butler died on March 1, 2005 in Windsor, Ontario, of a pulmonary embolism, at the age of 68.

</doc>
<doc id="19161120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161120" title="Marcia Shines">
Marcia Shines

Marcia Shines is the debut album as a solo artist for American-Australian singer Marcia Hines. Hines had been resident in Australia since 1970. "Marcia Shines" first made the Australian charts in October 1975, and peaked at number 4 in January 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19161122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161122" title="Máire Mullarney">
Máire Mullarney

Máire Mullarney (1 September 1921 – 18 August 2008) was an Irish environmentalist, educationalist and Esperanto advocate. She was one of the founding members of the Irish Green Party in 1981. She stood for the party in three Dáil elections in the 1980s and was elected to Dublin County Council in 1991, a position she kept until 1999.
Maire Mullarney also published a book called "Anything school can do you can do better" it was about her raising her children as well as home educating.

</doc>
<doc id="19161125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161125" title="Eastbourne Group">
Eastbourne Group

The Eastbourne Group of Contemporary Artists is an artists' exhibiting society based in Eastbourne, Sussex for professional and semi-professional artists.
History.
The group was founded in 1913 as the Eastbourne Society of Artists, changing to the Eastbourne Group in 1968 and The Eastbourne Group of Contemporary Artists in 2003. The first Chairman of the group was Arthur Reeve-Fowkes A.R.C.A (1881-1965), who was also the Towner Art Gallery's first curator.

</doc>
<doc id="19161126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161126" title="New Zealand Journal of Asian Studies">
New Zealand Journal of Asian Studies

The New Zealand Journal of Asian Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was founded in June 1999. It is the official journal of the New Zealand Asian Studies Society. The journal covers a broad range of Asia-related topics. It is published biannually, in June and in December. The journal contains a mixture of academic articles and reviews, from contributors both within and outside New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19161140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161140" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's high jump">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's high jump

These are the official results of the Women's High Jump event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Athletics in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 31 participating athletes, with two qualifying groups and the final held on Sunday 29 August 1999 at 18:45h.

</doc>
<doc id="19161142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161142" title="Li Senmao">
Li Senmao

Li Senmao () (1929 - June 18, 1996) was a politician of the People's Republic of China, and a Minister of Railways of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19161192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161192" title="Hannah Clowes">
Hannah Clowes

Hannah Clowes (born 24 February 1991) is an English artistic gymnast that has represented England at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and Great Britain at the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships

</doc>
<doc id="19161207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161207" title="Rüdiger Lautmann">
Rüdiger Lautmann

Rüdiger Lautmann (born December 22, 1935) is a German professor of sociology and one of the most prominent LGBT scholars in Germany.
Biography.
Born in Koblenz, Lautmann lived during his childhood in Düsseldorf, where he went to school. He first studied German law. After he finished his law studies, he started a second study in sociology. Lautmann worked after university studies first in Münster and then in Bielefeld (for Niklas Luhmann). In 1971 he became then professor in sociology at University of Bremen. In 2001 Lautmann retired as professor.
In 2005 Lautmann married his boyfriend in Hamburg. There he leads the "Institut für Sicherheits- und Präventionsforschung". In 2009 he moved to Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19161217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161217" title="Muraenesocidae">
Muraenesocidae

The Muraenesocidae, or pike congers, are a small family of marine eels found worldwide in tropical and subtropical seas. Some species are known to enter brackish water.
Pike congers have cylindrical bodies, scaleless skin, narrow heads with large eyes, and strong teeth. Their dorsal fins start above the well-developed pectoral fins. These rather aggressive fish range from in length.
Genera.
Thirteen known species are recognized in five genera:

</doc>
<doc id="19161221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161221" title="Small Saves">
Small Saves

Small Saves is a syndicated periodic comic strip written and illustrated by James DeMarco. It focuses on a young ice hockey goaltender named Small Saves and his adventures in a small, unnamed northeast U.S. town. Small Saves is approximately nine years old and plays goaltender for a team of children in his age group, which in turn competes against other teams of children in his age group.
Small Saves.
Small Saves always wears his game jersey and his goaltending helmet, even when sleeping. James DeMarco got the inspiration for Small Saves wearing his Jacques Plante-style mask on top of his head while away from the rink from fellow South Florida Hockey League goaltender, Anthony Citarella, who did this regularly. When not in a game, though, he wears his helmet tipped back on his head. He wears #1, the traditional goalie jersey number. Small Saves is very talented at his position but when he has a bad game, or loses a game, he does so in spectacular fashion. He often instigates dressing room pizza fights among his teammates, much to the consternation of his coaches and league officials. His family is proud of Small Saves and he is friendly with his teammates and members of opposing teams alike. He is also very proud of his equipment, hosting parties at his home when a new piece of equipment arrives. His equipment is always pictured as retro, leather-and-wood equipment, tan-brown in color. His mask is plain, undecorated white. He has no doubts about his future vocation: Hall of Fame professional goaltender.
The Artist.
James "Jay" DeMarco has been an ice hockey goaltender since age 5. His experience included prep hockey in Watertown, Mass. and three years of semi-professional play in the South Florida Hockey League.
Afterwards, James returned to Boston. James earned an Associate Degree in Commercial Art at Bunker Hill Community College. Later work as a graphic designer developed his drawing style, while continuing to indulge his passion for goaltending in local adult leagues. Goaltending contributes to the perspective needed to create the strip. "From your vantage point," DeMarco says, "you get to see the best and worst of your team, and you need to balance your desire to scream with the ability to laugh."
"Small Saves" debuted in 1991. James says that his fascination for cartooning began very young, drawing inspiration from classics such as The Family Circus, Peanuts and Dennis the Menace.
Distribution.
"Small Saves" can be read in hockey-related publications such as the printed version of Goalie's World magazine or online in InsideHockey and is linked through NHL.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19161238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161238" title="Duan Junyi">
Duan Junyi

Duan Junyi (Chinese: 段君毅; March 13, 1910 – March 8, 2004) was a politician of the People's Republic of China. 
After the fall of Gang of Four, Duan served as the Minister of Railways of China. In October 1978, he became the first secretary of CPC Henan Committee, director of Henan Revolutionary Committee, and the first political commissar of the provincial military region. 
From January 1981 to May 1984, Duan served as the first secretary of CPC Beijing Committee, and the first political commissar of Beijing Defense Area. 
In September 1982, Duan was appointed as a standing committee member of the Central Advisory Committee of CPC. He retired in October 1992.
Duan was a member of 10th and 11th Central Committees of the Communist Party of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19161243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161243" title="Global Challenge Award">
Global Challenge Award

The Global Challenge Award is an online science and engineering design program for pre-college school students (e.g. middle school through high school) from all over the world. It is an initiative that started with a partnership with the University of Vermont in collaboration with the National Science Foundation, currently funded by the MacArthur Foundation Digital Media and Learning program as well as other foundations and corporations, wherein students have the opportunity to form teams with international counterparts and work towards a solution to mitigate global warming and help envision the future of renewable energy. The program is an online educational environment that uses game based learning, simulation and Web-based science resources in a global competition. It relies on the personal initiative and creativity of students working in diverse teams. The access to the project via the Web makes it possible for students, parents, homeschooling families, teachers and interested global community members to get involved to help young people with their creative ideas for innovation in new forms of energy, conservation and increased productivity.
History.
Founded by Craig Deluca and David Rocchio of the Arno Group in 2005, working in close partnership with Domenico Grasso of The University of Vermont (see) College of Engineering and Mathematical Sciences, the program gives international student teams the opportunity to experience the excitement of scientific understanding and engineering design while working on significant human and societal issues - bringing science to life in innovative new applications. The program mission is to "give students the tools and confidence to solve global problems together."
The overarching model for the learning experiences offered worldwide to any student was influenced by The George Lucas Foundation's Big ideas For Better Schools the Partnership for 21st Century Schools and game based learning. The Global Challenge was funded in part by a National Science Foundation award from the Innovative Technology Experiences for Students (ITEST) program, validating the project's design for engaging youth in science, technology, engineering and mathematics learning.
Since its founding in 2005, The Global Challenge has reached over 100,000 people worldwide and engaged over 4,000 students from 60 countries in forming teams to solve the challenge. About $200,000 in scholarships, travel, summer study have been provided to over 200 students from 10 countries.
International Connections.
The Global Challenge Award is responsible for identification of high school students who represent the United States in the International Earth Science Olympiad or IESO. Students and teachers travels to South Korea in 2007 and the Philippines in 2008. Plans are now underway to form a US-IESO selection process with the support of the American Geological Institute.
In addition, the design of the program builds international student teams. Students from over 79 countries participate each year. Top countries by participation with over 100 students each year have been the United States, India, China, and South Korea.
Program Elements.
There are several project areas in the Challenge. Some are designed specifically for teams, others students can work on alone. Students can mix and match projects based on their interest level and time. They can form a team to compete in one competition and, at the same time, work on individual points.
Global Business Plan. Students build an International Team, envision a global solution, create a detailed business plan, and submit it for judging.
Technical Innovation Plan. Students build an International Team, envision any kind of technical solution, explain it to a panel of judges.
Explorations. Students work on their own on science, technology, engineering and mathematics units of study called "challenges."
Green Earth Corps. Students work on their own or with any team, build a home and business auditing service, earn while they learn and serve.
GCA-350.Students create an awareness event about the need to reach "350 parts per million" of CO2 in the atmosphere.
Each Challenge earns certain points, and in the end, teams with the highest scores win and earn scholarships, travel awards to the Governor's Institute on Engineering in Vermont, cash prizes, and tuition scholarships.
News Coverage.
The program was the lead story "Save the World" in Learning & Leading with Technology November 2007. In the Burlington Free Press in July 2008, and has led to a number of youth-authored articles on Cogito.Org for example:Using Nanotechnology for Cost Effective Converters as well as Educating Myself, International Style.
YouTube Introduction
Future plans.
The Challenge's founders envision creating a World Game space for STEM learning.

</doc>
<doc id="19161263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161263" title="79th Air Refueling Squadron">
79th Air Refueling Squadron

The 79th Air Refueling Squadron (79 ARS) is a United States Air Force Reserve squadron, assigned to the 349th Operations Group, stationed at Travis Air Force Base, California. It is a corollary unit of the active duty 9th Air Refueling Squadron, 60th Air Mobility Wing (60 AMW).
History.
Formed in April 1943 by I Troop Carrier Command, trained and equipped at various bases in the United States for the balance of the year. Deployed to England, being assigned to IX Troop Carrier Command, Ninth Air Force in early January 1944, during the Allied buildup prior to the invasion of France.
The squadron participated in the D-Day operation, dropping 101st Airborne Division paratroops near Cherbourg, then carried out re-supply and glider delivery missions the following day. 
The squadron's aircraft flew supplies into Normandy as soon as suitable landing strips were available and evacuated casualties to England. On 17 July the air echelon flew to Grosseto airbase in Italy to prepare for operations connected with the invasion of southern France returning to England on 24 August.
Squadron moved to France in July 1944 and for the balance of the Northern France Campaign and the Western Allied invasion of Germany was engaged in combat resupply of ground forces, operating from Advanced Landing Grounds in northern France. Delivered supplies to rough Resupply and Evacuation airfields near the front lines, returning combat casualties to field hospitals in rear areas. Dropped airborne forces during Operation Market-Garden in September 1944 into the Netherlands; later participated in the airborne invasion of Germany in March 1945. After V-E Day, the squadron evacuated prisoners of war. 
Returned to the United States in August 1945, became a transport squadron for Continental Air Command, Inactivated on 15 November 1945. Operated in the reserve, 1948-1951 with C-47s, activated during the Korean War. It's personnel and aircraft assigned as fillers for active-duty units, inactivated a few days later as an administrative unit. 
It performed worldwide airlift operations from, 1966–1971, including missions to Southeast Asia. The squadron also flew airborne early warning and control missions in the air defense of the United States from, 1971-1978. Since 1982 it has trained for and flown worldwide air refueling and strategic airlift missions, including contingency and humanitarian relief operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19161279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161279" title="Calvin Beale">
Calvin Beale

Calvin Lunsford Beale (6 June 1923 – 2 September 2008) was an American demographer who specialized in rural population trends. He first identified a reverse in population decline in some rural areas, and his work led to development of the Beale code for categorizing rural development.
Life and career.
He was born in Northeast Washington, D.C. on June 6, 1923. He graduated from Eastern High School and the Wilson Teachers College.
After earning a master's degree in sociology from the University of Wisconsin, he worked for 50 years at the United States Department of Agriculture. In addition to his work as a demographer, Beale is noted for his many photographs of county courthouses from around the United States taken during his travels.
Beale died of colon cancer in Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19161291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161291" title="Rodney Hallworth">
Rodney Hallworth

Rodney Hallworth was a British crime journalist and publicist.
Career.
Journalism.
Hallworth worked as a crime reporter for the "Daily Mail". He reported on many cases but most famously on that of suspected serial killer Dr John Bodkin Adams in 1956. Hallworth was very close to the main investigating officer, Herbert Hannam, and twice during the investigation he himself was investigated: once for being discovered with a memorandum alleging a homosexual link between Adams, a local magistrate (Sir Roland Gwynne, and a local policeman; and a second time for leaking information to two Members of Parliament that the Attorney-General Reginald Manningham-Buller had handed a confidential police report to the British Medical Association (who were organising Adams' defence). Both times Hallworth was given a dressing-down but no more. Hallworth later co-wrote a book about the case, published in 1983 after Adams' death. In it he accused the prosecuting counsel of mismanaging the case, saying that Adams, who was acquitted, was in fact a murderer.
Later Hallworth joined the rival "Daily Express", hoping to replace Percy Hoskins as head crime reporter. However, Hoskins carried on in his position and Hallworth was left to "wither on the vine".
Publicity.
Hallworth eventually left the Daily Express to become a publicist, representing amongst others, notorious yachtsman Donald Crowhurst in 1968-69. Crowhurst disappeared in the Caribbean during a round-the-world yacht race and Hallworth flew over to collect his boat's logbooks, which he then sold to the Times newspaper for "a small fortune". Hallworth's part in the affair brought him a lot of criticism, leading him to being called "money-grubbing" and "unscrupulous".
According to others who knew him, however, Hallworth was a "genial, rotund chap" who was "larger than life".
Articles.
Hallworth's article, "The Murdered City", appeared in the April 1966 issue of Devon Life magazine. "The heart of Exeter is dead", he wrote, and then proceeded to criticise severely the post-war rebuilding of the city. Hallworth praised the as-yet unfinished Exeter University (founded in 1955), as well as the area around the Cathedral, which "is worthy of the highest praise". But the article is largely a robust condemnation of post-war development, which he saw as unfriendly to residents and visitors: "If the citizens are prepared to remain on their sick bed of complacency then they should do nothing but watch their home town lapse further behind in the fight for progress and ultimate survival". Throughout the article, his writing is impassioned: "The weapon is at hand to cut out the miserable apathy and disease which is eating Exeter's heart. Big business is waiting to spend its money. Regional planners are waiting to use the centre to show Britain what tomorrow can offer. Let's have a gay, bright, throbbing city. It's waiting to be built."

</doc>
<doc id="19161303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161303" title="Elliot Daingerfield">
Elliot Daingerfield

Elliot Daingerfield (1859–1932) is considered one of North Carolina's most prolific artists. Elliot was born in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, and raised in Fayetteville, North Carolina. At 21 he moved to New York to study art.
Elliot was inspired by the European Symbolist movement during his time overseas. Elliot's influences included Impressionism and Romanticism in general to include the artist Ralph Albert Blakelock. 
Daingerfield's first exhibit was at the National Academy of Design in 1880, and after studying in Europe c.1897, The Lady Chapel of the Church of St. Mary, The Virgin in New York City in 1902. In 1902, he was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member, and became a full Academician in 1906. In 1971, the North Carolina Museum of Art displayed 200 of Daingerfield's paintings; the museum currently displays "Grand Canyon" and "Evening Glow."
Elliot married twice. His first wife, Roberta Strange French, died during childbirth in 1891. His second wife, Anna Grainger (married 1895), bore two daughters named Gwendoline and Marjorie.
Heritage Square in Fayetteville exhibits Daingerfield's teenage home. The Sandford House showcases the South Parlor as "The Daingerfield Room," and displays Daingerfield's painting entitles "Angel of Beauty."
Elliot Daingerfield is buried in Cross Creek Cemetery at Fayetteville.

</doc>
<doc id="19161318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161318" title="Thompson School">
Thompson School

Thompson School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19161326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161326" title="SIGDOC">
SIGDOC

SIGDOC is the Special Interest Group on Design of Communication of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).
History.
SIGDOC was founded in 1975 by Joe Rigo.
Mission.
The mission of SIGDOC includes:
Description.
The ACM Special Interest Group for Design of Communication provides a forum for researchers and practitioners of the design of communication, including  information architecture, information design, user assistance, help, and documentation (traditional and user-contributed) as well as technology that supports and enhances communication, including blogs, forums, chat, and wikis. 
The SIG fosters the study and publication of processes, methods, and technologies for communicating, designing, developing, and delivering these artifacts. Members include technical communication professionals, usability specialists, information architects, software engineers, educators, researchers, web designers, system developers, computer scientists, information technology professionals, and managers responsible for researching, producing, and/or supervising the creation of user interfaces, information architecture, technical materials, websites, and social media.
SIGDOC emphasizes the following areas of special interest to its members: 
SIGDOC Awards.
SIGDOC sponsors a number of awards as a means of recognizing outstanding contributions to the field. Awards are presented at the SIGDOC conference:
Annual Conferences/Workshops.
SIGDOC - ACM International Conference on Design of Communication.
Former Chairs.
SIGDOC's former chairs include:

</doc>
<doc id="19161336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161336" title="Chico Netto">
Chico Netto

Francisco Bueno Netto, known as Chico Netto (9 April 1894 – 18 June 1959) was a Brazilian football player who played for Amparo, América, Americano, São Bento and Fluminense.
Netto also briefly managed the Brazilian national side in 1917, making three appearances (scoring one goal) during that time. He later managed the national side again in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="19161347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161347" title="Leni's Model Management">
Leni's Model Management

Leni's Model Management (formerly Quintessentially Models) is a UK-based modeling agency that was launched in March 2008 by Eleni Renton. It was a part of the global luxury lifestyle brand, Quintessentially, until June 2009. Its offices are on Old Street in London.
Leni's Model Management is a boutique agency representing only female models and claims to be the first "ethical" modeling agency, refusing to represent any size zero models.
The agency works closely with a number of British organisations, including The Organic Pharmacy, Core London and B-eat (an eating disorder charity in the UK) to help ensure that its models stay healthy. The agency also pays for nutritional advice for all of its models in an attempt to encourage long-term health awareness. The agency has also participated and organised debate around other weight-related issues within the fashion industry, such as retouching.
Leni's Model Management has secured prominent advertising campaigns for its clients such as Elizabeth Arden for Natalie Loren, Agent Provocateur for Mala Bryan and Pantene for Cynthia Kirchner. The agency has also worked closely with both ASOS.com and Marks & Spencer to collaborate on model competitions. One such competition led to Laura Zielinski being chosen as "the new face of M&S +DD lingerie".

</doc>
<doc id="19161348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161348" title="My Name Means Horse">
My Name Means Horse

My name Means Horse was the second album to be released by Western Australian singer Ross Ryan. The title was a reference to a line in the hit single I am Pegasus, which featured on the disc. The album was Ryan's most successful LP. The album won Most Popular Australian Album at the 1974 TV Week Awards.
The record was awarded three gold discs. The first of these was awarded to Ryan by the then Australian Prime Minister Gough Whitlam.

</doc>
<doc id="19161350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161350" title="GPD1L">
GPD1L

GPD1L is a human gene. The protein encoded by this gene contains a glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (NAD+) motif and shares 72% sequence identity with GPD1.
Structure.
GPD1L contains the following domains:
Tissue distribution.
Northern blot analysis detected a single GPD1L transcript in all tissues examined except liver. Highest expression was in heart and skeletal muscle.
Disease linkage.
Mutations in the GPD1L gene are associated with the Brugada syndrome and sudden infant death syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="19161352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161352" title="The Drayton Case">
The Drayton Case

The Drayton Case is a 1953 British short crime film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Edgar Lustgarten, Hilda Barry and John Le Mesurier. During the early years of World War II, a bomb from a German airplane uncovers the corpse of a strangled woman.

</doc>
<doc id="19161355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161355" title="Francesca Jackson">
Francesca Jackson

Francesca Jackson (born 6 December 1983) is a musical theatre actress. She took part in the Reality television show "I'd Do Anything" and lost out the role of Nancy to Jodie Prenger.
Background.
Jackson was born in Wolverhampton, England to parents, Mel and Steve Jackson. She later moved to Ystalyfera, Swansea where she grew up and where her parents still live today.
She joined the National Youth Music Theatre in 1991, and starred in many productions such as "Whistle Down the Wind" and "Bugsy Malone". Jackson now resides in London.
Career.
Although, receiving many acting and singing jobs since the age of 10, Francesca's first big break was playing Bet at the age of 14 in the Sam Mendes production of Oliver! at the London Palladium alongside Robert Lindsay and Sonia Swabey.
In recent years Francesca's most notable role was starring as Joanne in Rent remixed alongside Denise van Outen and she has also played the leading role of Alice in the workshop production of 'All the Fun of the Fair', directed by Nikolai Foster.
She also appeared in the 2006 production of 'Tonight's the night' as an understudy for Rachel Tucker (future I'd Do Anything contestant). Later, Francesca auditioned for Reality TV show I'd Do Anything attempting to win the part of Nancy. She was put through and eliminated fourth on the live show.
She once shared an apartment with Connie Fisher, the future winner of "How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?".
Jackson was eliminated on the fourth show on 19 April, when she and fellow contestant, Ashley Russell received the fewest votes from the public. Both were put in the Sing-off, and Lloyd Weber saved Russel, therefore eliminating Jackson from the competition.
Since "I'd Do Anything", Jackson has been cast alongside Chesney Hawkes and "How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?" finalist Siobhan Dillon as 'Lucy' in a new Barry Manilow based musical named "Can't Smile Without You".
In 2009, Jackson toured with Bill Kenwright's "Dreamboats and Petticoats" from 14 September 2009 – 5 December 2009, playing the role of Sue. In February 2010: Jackson completed a weeks run of "A Little Night Music" in Paris, appearing alongside Lambert Wilson, Leslie Caron, Greta Sacchi, Rebecca Bottone, Leon Lopez, Deanne Meek, David Curry, Celeste de Veazey, Directed by Lee Blakely. She reprised her role as 'Sue' in "Dreamboats and Petticoats" from late February to early July 2010, and toured with the show after the West End run finished.
It was recently announced that she will be joining the Original Westend cast of Million Dollar Quartet in the roll of Dyanne

</doc>
<doc id="19161357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161357" title="Gravity at Last">
Gravity at Last

Gravity at Last is the second studio album by German recording artist Ayọ. It was recorded in March 2008 and, like her debut album, "Joyful", within five days under live conditions. The recording in analog technology took place at the Compass Point Studios in Nassau on the island of New Providence, Bahamas. The album topped the French chart in its second week on the run. On 5 February 2009, the album was certified platinum by the Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique (SNEP), denoting sales in excess of 200,000 copies in France.
The song "Slow Slow (Run Run)" was released for radio promotion on 30 June 2008 and was released as first single from the album. "Lonely" was released as the follow-up.

</doc>
<doc id="19161362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161362" title="Storer House">
Storer House

Storer House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19161367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161367" title="Paul Kolker">
Paul Kolker

Paul Kolker is an American artist. He was born in Brooklyn, New York and he currently resides on Long Island while working from his Chelsea studio in New York City.
Paul Kolker’s work is oriented in substantive detail and successive procedural steps. Through a multi-stepped technical process of fractionation, painting and silk-screening, the artist brings to his studio and into his art experience in the disciplines of science, philosophy and fine arts. He distinguishes his work through a process which he calls fracolor, the deconstruction by fractionation and painting with primary colors, including black and white. Kolker’s recent work is rooted in the graphic and pixilated world of contemporary culture, media and information.
The artist is also Chief of Cardiothoracic Surgery at North Shore LIJ / Glen Cove Hospital on Long Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19161370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161370" title="Luis Graham-Yooll">
Luis Graham-Yooll

Luis Graham-Yooll is an award-winning photojournalist and cinematographer currently working with Matthew Chance for CNN, and based in Moscow. Born in Argentina, Luis Graham-Yooll has covered events and conflicts in Mumbai, Georgia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon, Gaza, Northern Ireland, and Angola. Previous to CNN Luis worked freelance in London for NBC and Sky News and full-time for the BBC. His credit list includes travel, design, entertainment, interview and news magazines, short films, and documentaries.
Luis is a son of Andrew Graham-Yooll.

</doc>
<doc id="19161375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161375" title="Daniel Mongrain">
Daniel Mongrain

Dan Mongrain (also known as Daniel Mongrain and Chewy) is a co-founder of the Quebec technical metal band Martyr. He composes, sings and plays lead and rhythm guitar. Dan Mongrain also plays guitar and backing vocals for the Canadian thrash/progressive metal band Voivod since 2008, replacing late guitarist Denis D'Amour.
Mongrain was a session and touring guitarist for the Canadian metal bands Cryptopsy, Gorguts, Alcoholica and Capharnaum.
In addition to the metal genre, Dan Mongrain plays guitar with several Quebec artists including Dan Bigras, Breen Leboeuf and Bruno Pelletier for the musical Dracula - Entre l'amour et la mort.
Dan Mongrain teaches jazz and pop guitar at the Cégep régional de Lanaudière, Joliette Campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19161411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161411" title="A Matter of Murder">
A Matter of Murder

A Matter of Murder is a 1949 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Maureen Riscoe, John Barry, Charles Clapham, Ian Fleming and John Le Mesurier.

</doc>
<doc id="19161414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161414" title="Sandifer syndrome">
Sandifer syndrome

Sandifer syndrome (or "Sandifer's" syndrome) is a paediatric medical disorder, characterised by gastrointestinal symptoms and associated neurological features There is a significant correlation between the syndrome and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), however it is estimated to occur in less than 1% of children with reflux.
Symptoms and signs.
Onset is usually confined to infancy and early childhood, with peak prevalence at 18–36 months. In rare cases, particularly where the child is severely mentally impaired, onset may extend to adolescence.
The classical symptoms of the syndrome are spasmodic torticollis and dystonia. Nodding and rotation of the head, neck extension, gurgling, writhing movements of the limbs, and severe hypotonia have also been noted.
Spasms may last for 1–3 minutes and may occur up to 10 times a day. Ingestion of food is often associated with occurrence of symptoms; this may result in reluctance to feed. Associated symptoms, such as epigastric discomfort, vomiting (which may involve blood) and abnormal eye movements have been reported. Clinical signs may also include anaemia.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis is made on the basis of the association of gastro-oesophageal reflux with the characteristic movement disorder. Neurological examination is usually normal. Misdiagnosis as benign infantile spasms or epileptic seizures is common, particularly where clear signs or symptoms of gastro-oesophageal reflux are not apparent. Early diagnosis is critical, as treatment is simple and leads to prompt resolution of the movement disorder.
Treatment.
Successful treatment of the associated underlying disorder, such as GERD or hiatal hernia, may provide relief.
Prognosis.
Sandifer syndrome is not typically life-threatening and prognosis is good.

</doc>
<doc id="19161423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161423" title="MVT">
MVT

MVT may refer to:
Mvt or mvt or MVT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19161438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161438" title="People of the Sengoku period in popular culture">
People of the Sengoku period in popular culture

Many significant Japanese historical people of the Sengoku period appear in works of popular culture such as anime, manga, and video games. This article presents information on references to several historical people in such works.
Akechi Mitsuhide.
Akechi Mitsuhide is featured in various fictional works, mostly as a hero.
Date Masamune.
His voice actor, Kakihara Tetsuya also sang the opening song 「リターン乱世独眼竜」 "Ritān Ransei Dokuganryuu", which is related to his nickname 'Dokuganryuu'.
Hosokawa Gracia.
As a samurai wife or other invented roles, Hosokawa Gracia frequently appears as a character in Japanese historical fiction, both novels and drama. One website lists her as a character in over 40 stage dramas, movies, TV dramas (etc.) from 1887 to 2006. She is also frequently referred to in popular writing or talks on the history of the period.
Izumo no Okuni.
Unlike her role in history, Izumo no Okuni's appearances in fiction often portray her as a fictional , a capable fighter skilled with weapons and magic.
Maeda Toshimasu.
Toshimasu (often depicted under the name of Keiji or Keijirō) is often portrayed as somewhat of a prankster and is often dubbed crazy, or kabukimono, by others for his wild ways. Sampling this where is was shown/mentioned in a few video games that he filled his uncle's (Toshiie)'s bath with cold water, a feat the historical man was well known for.
Additionally, Keiji's famed horse, Matsukaze, appears in a number of games and movies as well.
Mori Ranmaru.
Ranmaru has appeared as a character in fiction & has appeared in several video games (such as "Sengoku Basara", "Onimusha", "Kessen III" and the "Samurai Warriors" series) in which he is usually portrayed as having a feminine to an androgynous appearance, in which leads to usual confusion of his gender by some of the other characters. He is also depicted as truly loyal to Oda Nobunaga, who in return praises Ranmaru for his skills (and possibly his beauty) in battle.
Nōhime.
Unlike her role in history, Nōhime is usually portrayed as a femme fatale, in line with the traditional villainous portrayal of her husband, Nobunaga Oda.
Oichi.
Oichi has made an appearance in the video games "", "Samurai Warriors", "Warriors Orochi", and "Sengoku Basara 2". She is usually depicted as a beautiful, chaste, and loyal woman. Though her relationship with her brother Nobunaga usually formed into rebellion, due to her romantic involvement with her husband, Asai Nagamasa. She is also known as "Ichi".
Suzuki Magoichi.
In most of his fictional portrayals, he is often referred to his more common name, Saiga Magoichi.
Takeda Shingen.
The 1988 NHK Taiga drama television series "Takeda Shingen" was a fictionalized account of his life with Kiichi Nakai in the title role. His life is also dramatized in NHK's 46th Taiga drama "Fūrin Kazan". Akira Kurosawa's 1980 film "Kagemusha" was also inspired by his life; it brought the musket-wound theory to public attention outside Japan.
Takeda Shingen appears in Toshirō Mifune's historical film Samurai Banners (風林火山 "Furin Kazan").

</doc>
<doc id="19161443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161443" title="When the Cat's Away (1929 film)">
When the Cat's Away (1929 film)

"When the Cat's Away" is a 1929 Mickey Mouse short film produced by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks. In it, Mickey and Minnie are the size of regular mice, and Tom Kat is the size of a person.
After Tom Kat leaves his house, drunk on hooch, Mickey organizes all his mice friends to break into Kat's house. Once inside, Mickey and Minnie play the piano and, later, others play some of Kat's musical instruments and records (using themselves as the speaker and stylus). In the end, Mickey and Minnie kiss.

</doc>
<doc id="19161449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161449" title="Artem Vodyakov">
Artem Vodyakov

Artem Vodyakov (; born July 23, 1991 in Russia) is a Russian speedway rider who is a member of Russia national U-21 and U-19 teams. Vodyakov was 3rd in 2008 Individual U-19 European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19161452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161452" title="Dmitry Orlov">
Dmitry Orlov

Dmitry Orlov ( born 1962) is a Russian-American engineer and a writer on subjects related to "potential economic, ecological and political decline and collapse in the United States," something he has called “permanent crisis”. Orlov believes collapse will be the result of huge military budgets, government deficits, an unresponsive political system and declining oil production.
Orlov was born in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg) and moved to the United States at the age of 12. He has a BS in Computer Engineering and an MA in Applied Linguistics. He was an eyewitness to the collapse of the Soviet Union over several extended visits to his Russian homeland between the late 1980s and mid-1990s.
In 2005 and 2006 Orlov wrote a number of articles comparing the collapse-preparedness of the U.S. and the Soviet Union published on small Peak Oil related sites. Orlov’s article "Closing the 'Collapse Gap': the USSR was better prepared for collapse than the US" was very popular at EnergyBulletin.Net.
In 2006 Orlov published an online manifesto, "The New Age of Sail." In 2007 he and his wife sold their apartment in Boston and bought a sailboat, fitted with solar panels and six months supply of propane, and capable of storing a large quantity of food stuffs. He calls it a “survival capsule.” He uses a bicycle for transportation. Having bartered vodka for necessities during one of his trips to the post-collapse Russia, he says "When faced with a collapsing economy, one should stop thinking of wealth in terms of money."
He continues to write regularly on his “Club Orlov” blog and at EnergyBulletin.Net.
"Reinventing Collapse".
Orlov’s book "Reinventing Collapse:The Soviet Example and American Prospects," published in 2008, further details his views. Discussing the book in 2009, in a piece in "The New Yorker," Ben McGrath wrote that Orlov describes "superpower collapse soup" common to both the U.S. and the Soviet Union: “a severe shortfall in the production of crude oil, a worsening foreign-trade deficit, an oversized military budget, and crippling foreign debt.” Orlov told interviewer McGrath that in recent months financial professionals had begun to make up more of his audience, joining "back-to-the-land types," "peak oilers," and those sometimes derisively called “doomers”.
In his review of the book, commentator Thom Hartmann writes that Orlov holds that the Soviet Union hit a “soft crash” because centralized planning, housing, agriculture, and transportation left an infrastructure private citizens could co-opt so that no one had to pay rent or go homeless and people showed up for work, even when they were not paid. He writes that Orlov believes the U.S. will have a hard crash, more like Germany’s Weimar Republic of the 1920s.
Writing on "Creative Loafing," Wayne Davis considers Orlov's views and anecdotal stories to be an easy read for a serious subject. Orlov gives practical advice, like when to start accumulating goods for barter purposes and the need to buy goods that would sustain local communities - "hand tools, simple medications (and morphine), guns and ammo, sharpening stones, bicycles (and lots of tires with patch kits), etc." Orlov writes: “Much of the transformation is psychological and involves letting go of many notions that we have been conditioned to accept unquestioningly. In order to adapt, you will need plenty of free time. Granting yourself this time requires a leap of faith: you have to assume the future has already arrived.” He also advises: “Beyond the matter of personal safety, you will need to understand who has what you need and how to get it from them.”
The EnergyBulletin.Net review states that “Orlov's main goal is to get Americans to understand what it will mean to live without an economy, when cash is virtually useless and most people won't be getting any income anyway because they'll be out of a job.” The review by author Carolyn Baker, PhD, notes that Orlov emphasizes that "when faced with a collapsing economy, one should stop thinking of wealth in terms of money." Physical resources and assets, as well as relationships and connections are worth more than cash and those who know how to "do it themselves" and operate on the margins of society will do better than those whose incomes and lifestyles have plummeted. 
Author James Howard Kunstler, who has been described as “one of Orlov's greatest fans” but denies he is a “complete ‘collapsitarian’”, described the book as an “exceptionally clear, authoritative, witty, and original view of our prospects.”
Not all commentary has been favorable. In a 2009 article in "Mother Jones" Virginia Heffernan labels Orlov's position as “collapsitarianism” which she believes involves “a desire for complete economic meltdown” and writes that Orlov espouses “bourgeois survivalism”.

</doc>
<doc id="19161460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161460" title="Brian Cadd (album)">
Brian Cadd (album)

Brian Cadd was the debut self-titled LP by one of Australia's most successful and prolific pop songwriters of the early 1970s. It was released on the Bootleg Records label in 1972 and peaked at number 3 nationally on the Australian album charts. It contained the hit single "Ginger Man". 

</doc>
<doc id="19161471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161471" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1930–1933">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1930–1933

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1930 election and the 1933 election, together known as the 14th Parliament. It took place under radically altered boundaries as enacted within the "Redistribution of Seats Act 1929", whose effect had been exaggerated by the lack of a redistribution for the previous 18 years. The gold mining areas, populous at the time of the 1911 redistribution, had been reduced to pocket boroughs by the decline in gold mining as an economic activity in the State; meanwhile, the agricultural and metropolitan areas had grown substantially. Ironically, the changes were enacted by a Labor government even though most of the safe seats being abolished were Labor seats—and for the fourth time in a row (Constitution Act Amendment Act 1899, and Redistribution of Seats Acts of 1904, 1911 and 1929), the government enacting the redistribution lost the subsequent election.

</doc>
<doc id="19161479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161479" title="Warren Public Library">
Warren Public Library

Warren Public Library may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19161482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161482" title="Courtessolium">
Courtessolium

Courtessolium is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now France. It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985, and the type species is "Courtessolium prepater", which was originally described under the genus "Pateraspis" by Courtessole and Pillet in 1975, and was later renamed under the genus "Pseudosphaerexochus". The new generic name, "Courtessolium", honours one of the original authors of the species. 
It was described from the Tremadoc erratic in Hérault.

</doc>
<doc id="19161486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161486" title="Hades Rise">
Hades Rise

Hades Rise is an album by the Norwegian black/thrash metal band Aura Noir. It features guest appearances from Danny Coralles (Autopsy, Abscess) and Blasphemer (ex-Mayhem). Art direction by Carl-Michael Eide, layout by Justin Bartlett: http://www.vberkvlt.com

</doc>
<doc id="19161497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161497" title="Bureau of Outdoor Recreation">
Bureau of Outdoor Recreation

The Bureau of Outdoor Recreation (BOR) was an agency of the United States Department of the Interior with the mission of planning outdoor recreation opportunities for the Interior Department and assisting private, local, and state organizations with their recreation planning. BOR was founded by Secretarial Order in April 1962, and formally established with the passage of the National Outdoor Recreation Act (Public Law 88-29) in May 1963. The functions of Nationwide Planning and Cooperative Services were transferred from the National Park Service to BOR after its establishment. The Bureau was absorbed into a new agency, the Heritage Conservation and Recreation Service, in 1977.
History.
In 1956, Mission 66 was established to help accommodate users during a period of increasing usage of recreation sites. After the Great Depression, many parks became more accessible as bad roads were replaced by the US highway system, which in turn was more usable because of the increasing availability of automobiles. A series of tests performed for Mission 66 indicated several opportunities for preservation of parks, parkways, and seashores. Consequently, Congress created the Outdoor Recreation Resources Review Commission (ORRRC) in 1962 to watch the issue and come up with solutions. ORRRC later recommended the establishment of the BOR to help bring structure to outdoor recreation programs.
Impacts.
Land and Water Conservation Fund.
The Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) was created in 1965 by the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act (LWCFA.The ORRRC recommended this act to help the states in meeting the rising demand for outdoor recreation. This act allowed the fund that the LWCF earned to be distributed back into the recreation agencies to help the development of the program by the Bureau of Outdoor Recreation. This act provided a very broad authority from the U.S. Congress to charge entrance fees and use fees for recreation. Also this act required that states submit State Comprehensive Outdoor Recreation Plans (SCORPS) to the BOR before they could get LWCF grants.
State Comprehensive Outdoor Recreation Plans.
State Comprehensive Outdoor Recreation Plans (SCORP) were studies that the states prepared and submitted to the Bureau of Outdoor Recreation before they could qualify for LWCF grants. SCORP has raised awareness of outdoor recreation across the nation by having hundreds of scientists, who would not have normally been working on outdoor recreation projects, involved in the studies. Once studies about outdoor recreation began a ripple affect happened. Scientists at colleges and universities began doing more research going past the requirements for SCORP which then stimulated more people to outdoor recreation.
Area Classification Plan.
The Area Classification Plan used different types of lands to classify them as either 
This system was in place until the early 1980s, when the recreation opportunity spectrum system replaced it.
Absorption.
in 1977 the Heritage Conservation and Recreation Service (HCRS) was created to enforce the New Heritage Program, and the service absorbed the responsibilities of the BOR. HCRS resulted from the consolidation of over 30 different laws and focused on the identification and protection of the nation's significant natural, cultural, and recreational resources. In 1981 HCRS was abolished as an agency; its responsibilities were transferred to the National Park Service.

</doc>
<doc id="19161508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161508" title="Thomas Horder, 1st Baron Horder">
Thomas Horder, 1st Baron Horder

Thomas Jeeves Horder, 1st Baron Horder, GCVO (7 January 1871 – 13 August 1955) was an English physician recognized as a leading clinician and diagnostician of his day. 
Biography.
Early life and education.
Thomas Jeeves Horder was born on 7 January 1871, the son of draper Albert Horder, in Shaftesbury, Dorset. Jeeves was his mother's maiden name. He was educated privately, and at the University of London and St Bartholomew's Hospital, London.
Career.
Horder began his career at St Bartholomew's Hospital and, when still quite young, successfully made a difficult diagnosis on King Edward VII which made his reputation. His patients included every British monarch from Edward VII to Elizabeth II (except Edward VIII). They also included two prime ministers, Ramsay MacDonald and Bonar Law, and labour leader Hugh Gaitskell.
He was involved in many official committees including advising the Ministry of Food during World War II. After the war he opposed many of Aneurin Bevan's plans for a national health service and may have helped modify some of those less palatable to the medical profession.
He held the positions of Deputy Lieutenant County of Hampshire; Extra Physician to the Queen (formerly Extra Physician to King George VI); and Consulting Physician to St Bartholomew's Hospital (1912–1936). Knighted in 1918, he was created a Baronet in 1923. He was raised to the peerage as Baron Horder, of Ashford in the County of Southampton on 23 January 1933.
Horder served as president of the Cremation Society of Great Britain from 1940 to his death in 1955.
Marriage and children.
In 1902 Horder married Geraldine Rose Doggett (died 1954), of Newnham Manor, Hertfordshire. Their son was the publisher Thomas Mervyn Horder, 2nd Baron Horder (died 1997). Their daughter Joy Horder was mother to British architect Edward Cullinan and married to a chief physician at St Bartholomew's Hospital.
Death and afterward.
He lived for many years at Steep near Petersfield, Hampshire where he died on 13 August 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19161512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161512" title="Cromus">
Cromus

Cromus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Silurian in what is now the Czech Republic. It was described by Barrande in 1852, and the type species is "C. intercostatus". It also contains the species "C. canorus".
The type specimen was described from the Kopanina Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19161513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161513" title="Ouch (song)">
Ouch (song)

"Ouch" is a song performed, written and produced the by English hip hop group N-Dubz. It was released as the group's fourth overall single, first single with the record label All Around The World and the first official single for their debut Platinum-selling album, "Uncle B".
Background.
Joseph says this single was the first digitally released on 29 September 2008 and then received as a physical single the following week. The CD single features six different versions of the song, including three remixes. "Ouch" has been defined as the response single to the group's second single "I Swear" as both songs deal with the issue of cheating within a relationship. The key difference between the two tracks is that "Ouch" involves the man in the relationship cheating whereas in "I Swear" it's the woman. In contrast the track's accompanied music video, whick leaked four month's prior to the song's single release, tells the same story as the song lyrics The song reached the B-list on BBC Radio 1. The single reached a peak of #22 on the UK Singles Chart making it the second consecutive single by the group to peak within the top thirty. "Ouch" combines elements of pop, British hip hop as well as R&B or blue-eyed soul. The song is accompanied by backing that combines both a violin and a piano melody. As with all N-Dubz songs, it was penned by the group themselves with group member, Fazer being credited for its production. The song is slow to mid-paced and features Tulisa taking on high and emotive vocals throughout the song. Dappy raps in the verses with Fazer rapping towards the end. The whole structure of the track revolves around a call-and-response argument between two lovers who in this case are played by the group members. The track is also significantly different from other N-Dubz songs in the sense that the song is opened with Tulisa singing the first verse as aposed to their regular tradition of Dappy opening the song rapping. The group planned on releasing the track much earlier than they did, but due to conflict with previous label Polydor Records they were unable to until they were signed with All Around The World. We came to a standstill after the MOBO’s because we were having problems with the label and we weren’t agreeing on the path they chose for us. We kept bringing them singles like Ouch and they said ‘No, we don’t like it!’ and they kept trying to put us with new writers, with new producers. It was like – if you want to start doing this to us, you might as well get three little kids off the street and re-make them because that’s not why we came here.
The song's concept involves a real story of infidelity where Tulisa plays the role of the girl being cheated on by her boyfriend, which in the song's storyline is played by Dappy. Tulisa elaborated on the song's concept in an interview with FemaleFirst:
Ouch is a part two to I Swear, and it's basically the other way round to I Swear, it's me being a girl, coming home, finding my boyfriend cheating on me. And then Dappy and Fazer come from a boys point of view and they're sort of asking for me back, "it's not my fault", that kind of business. It's all about a whole debate between a woman and man after finding out the mans cheated. It's just a whole storyline, the whole aftermath of it. The video's got a whole storyline too that people can relate to. An exclusive acoustic performance of "Ouch" was performed by the group in bathroom showroom for BBC Switch's program "Sound." The acoustic version was later made available for download on iTunes during the single's promotion period before the release of "Papa Can You Hear Me?" "Ouch" is featured as track number fourteen on the setlist for the group's "Uncle B Tour." The Jorg Schmid remix of "Ouch" features as track number three on disc number two on the compilation album "Clubland 14". The lyric "My name is Shanikwa and what?" became so much of a popular catchphrase among the group's fans that it was imprinted and made available on specialised T-shirts for fans to wear.
Reviews.
Fraser McAlpine of the BBC Chart Blog reviewed the song, "The focal point of the song, and the reason why it does not suck (if that is what you believe to be true), is the story and the way they deliver each line as if they actually are the people in the song. He went on to elaborate on the levels of passion, fire and proper acting included in it." IndieLondon reviewed the song: "A big Kiss FM anthem, N-Dubz Ouch begins as a moody slice of smooth groove R’n’B before trading boy-girl raps over a story of bickering lovers. A thumping back beat adds atmosphere, some shameless "ah ah ha"’s bring pop credibility, but the gritty, urban style of the vocals lend it a much harder edge". Urbanreview.co.uk complimented it as a "banger" of a song with a "solid" music video. Subba-cultcha.com described the track as "Glossy R&B balladery."
Music video.
The music video was released on to YouTube on 21 May 2008. As of 11 January 2009, Ouch has had over 10 million views. On 30 September 2008 an unedited version hit the popular video sharing site YouTube. The video begins with Dappy in a romantic setting with another woman whilst Tulisa is seen walking toward the house with a large suitcase after arriving from tour. Another scene then features all group members standing side-by-side in a black room with white and blue neon lights. Tulisa is visible singing on a balcony which looks over the city as wind blows through her hair. After entering the house, Tulisa walks up the staircase as she sings and uses hand gestures to perform the 'One step, two step, three step, for' lyric. She then walks into her bedroom only to find her boyfriend (not fazer) in their bed with another woman, the woman then gets upset and shouts "Name's Shaniqua and what?" which has become a famous catchphrase for N-Dubz. Her boyfriend and Tulisa then start pushing each other around out of frustration from the situation. Tulisa starts throwing house objects at Fazer, who wears numerous types of outfits throughout the music video. Dappy is also seen performing on a rooftop. In the next scene, Tulisa takes her bag and gets into the car and starts driving whilst Fazer is holding onto the car, upset, and trying to stop her from driving away. As a result, Dappy has another new woman visit him and a romantic situation then occurs between the two of them as Shanikwa walks in on them with a response of anger. The second woman can also be seen slapping Dappy. In another scene, Tulisa can be seen singing whilst another man holds her. Tulisa also takes on a pair of black sunglasses later on, in the scene with her singing on the balcony. Fazer is featured in scenes throughout the video, and he can also be seen being slapped for infedility. The music video received a nomination at the 2008 Urban Music Awards for 'Best Music Video' alongside the likes of Tinchy Stryder and DJ Ironik.
Track listing.
UK CD Single / Digital Download
Chart performance.
On 5 October 2008, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at #37 on downloads alone, upon its physical release it climbed to #22, the following week it fell 9 places to #31. The next week down to #38. It spend a total of 4 weeks inside the top 40. The song then went on to spend a further five more weeks in the top 75, totaling its charting period to nine weeks. It is so far the group's fourth most successful single to-date, with the singles: "Number 1," "I Need You" and "Papa Can You Hear Me?" all outperforming it chartswise.

</doc>
<doc id="19161532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161532" title="SolarReserve">
SolarReserve

SolarReserve is a privately held, venture-backed renewable energy company based in Santa Monica, California. In September 2011, the U.S. Department of Energy awarded a $737 million loan guarantee to support SolarReserve’s 110 MW solar power tower. The company develops utility-scale concentrating solar power plants with integrated molten salt thermal storage technology. 
SolarReserve was initially founded in early 2008 by US Renewables Group in partnership with United Technologies Corporation (UTC). UTC's subsidiary Rocketdyne provides and guarantees the performance of the major solar component hardware, and SolarReserve holds the exclusive worldwide license to develop concentrating solar power plants using Rocketdyne technology. Rocketdyne developed the solar receiver for the U.S. Department of Energy's Solar One and Solar Two projects, and has significant technology and operating expertise in extreme heat flux environments (rocket engines) and the use of molten metals (Na and NaK cooled nuclear reactors).
In September 2008 the company raised an additional $140 million in a Series B funding.

</doc>
<doc id="19161533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161533" title="JW3">
JW3

JW3, also known as Jewish Community Centre London, is an arts, culture and entertainment venue, an educational facility and a social and community hub in north London. It is located at 341–351 Finchley Road, London NW3 6ET and opened on 29 September 2013. "Describing itself as a new postcode for Jewish life", the name "JW3" is a wordplay on its postal address, which is in the NW3 postcode area.
Vivien Duffield, whose idea it was, contributed £40m of the project's £50m cost – over the 10 years it took to bring it to reality – through the Clore Duffield Foundation. It was inspired by her 2003 visit to the Jewish Community Centre in Manhattan, New York.
The 35,000 square foot building, which includes a 270-seat auditorium, a 60-seat cinema, a restaurant and bar, a demonstration kitchen, dance studios, classrooms and medical consultation rooms, was designed by Lifschutz Davidson Sandilands. The JW3 campus sits on half an acre of land and includes the community centre/arts venue, an outdoor piazza and a tower block of apartments and offices.
Organisation.
JW3's chief executive is Raymond Simonson, former Executive Director of Limmud, who succeeded Nick Viner.
JW3 is run by the Jewish Community Centre for London, a charitable organisation that aims to provide a way into, or back into, active Jewish life for all of London’s Jewish community.
Rooted in Jewish values, the organisation runs a wide programme of events that it launched in 2005. These target all members of the community, irrespective of affiliation or level of observance. Held in various venues across London, the programme aims to be inclusive and is not religious, instead using its events to provide a gateway into Jewish life and foster a cohesive community.
Background.
The JCC for London is part of the wider and well established JCC Movement. It started in 1854 when the first Young Men’s Hebrew Association opened its doors in Baltimore, Maryland to offer support for Jewish immigrants, help ensure Jewish continuity, and provide a place for celebration. Similar associations opened soon afterwards, serving as libraries, cultural centres, and settlement houses. JCCs now provide services and programmes that seek to build and strengthen Jewish communal life along with Jewish educational experiences to and for Jews of all ages and orientations.
Currently there are over 1,100 JCCs worldwide, including 300 in North America, 180 in the Former Soviet Union, 70 in Latin America, 50 in Europe, and close to 500 smaller centres in Israel.
Events programme.
JW3 runs a programme of social, cultural and educational events that mix audiences, age groups and content, encouraging experimentation with ideas and attempting to engage people in new issues.
Previous arts and culture events have ranged from modern interpretations of art and music gigs (e.g. an Idan Raichel Project concert) to events such as Kvetch choir (the complaints choir) that encourages people to enjoy their own creativity and a singalong with the pensioner pop group "The Zimmers".
Books-based events have included discussions on books related to the community, with guest author appearances, and debates on topics such as "Has the Left Lost its Way?".
Social action events have included Mitzvah Day and events such as an initiative in 2007 to bring together Jewish and Muslim communities.
"Sounds Jewish" podcast.
JW3's monthly podcast, "Sounds Jewish", produced in partnership with "The Guardian", is a monthly magazine-style programme hosted by Jason Solomons. Each "episode" is about 30 minutes in length and many of them are featured on "The Guardian"'s podcast homepage.
Mitzvah Day.
JW3 has established an annual volunteering day called "Mitzvah Day". Organising volunteering opportunities that make a difference to the local and London communities, over 1,200 volunteers participated in the 2008 Mitzvah Day. The 2007 Mitzvah Day was also part of the much broader Enterprise Week initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="19161536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161536" title="Parabrahm (album)">
Parabrahm (album)

Parabrahm was the second album to be released by Australian singer-songwriter Brian Cadd. It followed the success of his debut self-titled album. It was released in Australia in October 1973 by Bootleg Records and in the United States on Chelsea Records.
"Parabrahm" made it to number 6 in the Australian album charts in late 1973.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Brian Cadd.

</doc>
<doc id="19161540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161540" title="Crotalocephalides">
Crotalocephalides

Crotalocephalides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany. It was described by Alberti in 1967, and the type species is "Crotalocephalides gaertneri", which the author had originally described under the genus "Cheirurus" in 1962. 
The type specimen was described from Ebersdorf, Upper Franconia.

</doc>
<doc id="19161548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161548" title="American Towers Tower Liverpool">
American Towers Tower Liverpool

The American Towers Tower Liverpool is a guyed tower for FM- and TV-constructions located in Liverpool, Texas. The American Towers Tower Liverpool was built in 1992 and is property of American Towers, Inc..

</doc>
<doc id="19161566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161566" title="Crotalocephalina">
Crotalocephalina

Crotalocephalina is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida found in Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="19161581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161581" title="Luther Elkins">
Luther Elkins

Luther Elkins (May 26, 1809–1885) was an American politician and pioneer in the state of Oregon. Born in Cornville, Maine and married to Philotheta Williams, he immigrated to the Oregon Territory overland via the Oregon Trail in 1852. He served in the Oregon Territorial Legislature and was a delegate to the Oregon Constitutional Convention. In 1860, he was selected as the first President of the Oregon State Senate, serving one session in that role.

</doc>
<doc id="19161593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161593" title="Bəylik">
Bəylik

Bəylik may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19161605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161605" title="List of Legend of the Seeker episodes">
List of Legend of the Seeker episodes

The following is an episode list for the American television series "Legend of the Seeker" that is produced by ABC Studios and distributed in domestic syndication by Disney-ABC Domestic Television. The show is based on the fantasy novel series "The Sword of Truth" written by Terry Goodkind and follows a woods guide who, after being thrust into a world of magic, is charged with the responsibility to protect the world from evil. The first season premiered with a double bill on November 1, 2008. The series was renewed for a second season in January 2009, which premiered on November 7, 2009. On April 26, 2010 Ausiello Files reported that the series has been cancelled and will not return for a third season. Fans of the series have responded by launching a renewal campaign titled "Save Our Seeker". Terry Goodkind has expressed his support for the campaign.
As of May 22, 2010, a total of 44 episodes have aired.
Episode list.
Season 1 (2008–2009).
When Richard Cypher (Craig Horner),a young woodsman, discovers that he is the one true Seeker and is prophecised to kill the evil tyrant Darken Rahl (Craig Parker). Along with the beautiful and mysterious Kahlan Amnell (Bridget Regan), a Confessor with the power to enslave people with a single touch, and a wise old wizard named Zeddicus Zu'l "Zedd" Zorander (Bruce Spence), Richard embarks on quest to fulfill the prophecy.
Season 2 (2009–2010).
The trio discovers that the defeat of Darken Rahl unknowingly caused a tear in the veil which separates the world of the living and the Underworld, and the only way to seal the tear is to seek out the legendary Stone of Tears. The team is also joined by the Mord-Sith Cara, who reluctantly teamed up with the Seeker and helped Richard kill Darken Rahl.
Specials.
This section indexes official specials.

</doc>
<doc id="19161615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161615" title="Elisha Taylor House">
Elisha Taylor House

The Elisha Taylor House is a private home located at 59 Alfred Street in the Brush Park Historic District district of Detroit, Michigan. The house was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Since 1981, it has served as a center for art and architectural study, known as the Art House.
History.
The Elisha Taylor House was built for William H. Craig, a Detroit land speculator. In 1875, Craig sold the house to attorney Elisha Taylor. Taylor was a Detroit attorney who held many offices during his career, including City Attorney, assistant Michigan Attorney General from 1837 to 1841, and Circuit Court Commissioner from 1846 to 1854.
Description.
The Elisha Taylor House is two-and-a-half stories tall, made of red brick on a rough stone foundation. The structure is an eclectic mix of Gothic and Tudor Revival with elements of other styles, including Queen Anne and Italianate. The house has a high mansard roof with large protruding dormers and unusual vergeboarding at the peak. It is one of the best examples surviving in Detroit of post-Civil War residential design.
Current use.
Since 1981, the structure has been used as a center for art and architectural study. The interior has been well preserved, boasting original fireplaces, mirrors, woodwork, decorative plaster, stenciling, Mintons floor tiles, parquet floors, and etched glass.

</doc>
<doc id="19161620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161620" title="Aztecs Live at Sunbury">
Aztecs Live at Sunbury

Aztecs Live! At Sunbury was a double live album released in August 1972 by Australian hard rock group Billy Thorpe and the Aztecs, which was recorded at the inaugural Sunbury Pop Festival in late January. A separate live album, "Sunbury", by various artists, of highlights of the festival had been issued in May, and included some tracks by Billy Thorpe and the Aztecs.
"Aztecs Live! At Sunbury" included eight tracks from their set. The double LP peaked at number 8 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart in 1972. In mint condition, the original LP release, with pop-up inserts, is much sought after by collectors. A CD version was released in 2007 by Aztec Music, as "Live at Sunbury" by Billy Thorpe & the Aztecs.
In October 2010, "Aztecs Live! At Sunbury" (1972) was listed in the book, "100 Best Australian Albums".
Track listing.
1972 version.

</doc>
<doc id="19161641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161641" title="HD 34790">
HD 34790

HD 34790 is spectroscopic binary.

</doc>
<doc id="19161648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161648" title="2003 Copa AT&amp;T – Singles">
2003 Copa AT&amp;T – Singles

Nicolás Massú was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Agustín Calleri.
Carlos Moyà won in the final 6–3, 4–6, 6–4 against Guillermo Coria.

</doc>
<doc id="19161658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161658" title="Moto Guzzi Le Mans">
Moto Guzzi Le Mans

The Moto Guzzi Le Mans is a sports motorcycle first manufactured in 1976 by Italian company Moto Guzzi. The original 850 Le Mans was a true Cafe Racer and is considered a classic of innovative styling, with excellent performance. The Le Mans was subsequently developed as a sports tourer.
850 Le Mans.
Released in 1976, the 850 Le Mans was styled as a cafe racer. Although often referred to as the Le Mans Mark I, the first Le mans model was known by the factory as the 850 Le Mans, and is part of a long list of Moto Guzzi motorcycles developed since the company's inception nearly 100 years ago. It had debuted at the Milan motorcycle show in November 1975, although the groundwork started several years before the eventual production version appeared. It was developed from the earlier V7 Sport model but moved performance far beyond the interim 750S and the 750 S3. The power output measured at the back wheel was some 71 bhp, giving a top speed of around 130 mph.
The Le Mans used matte black instead of traditional chrome to offset paintwork, and debuted the tank-hugging one-piece seat made from injection molded foam. A marketing success, competing with other Italian superbikes, it spawned four later models until its ultimate model of the late 1990s. It was named in homage to the 24 Hours of Le Mans endurance race track in France. A 1973 factory prototype finished 4th in the 24-hour race at Barcelona's Montjuïc circuit. In 1977 Roy Armstrong won Britain's Avon Production Machine championship on a standard bike fitted with production race kit, and it had multiple race success during the AMA Superbike Championship in the US.
The Mark I had two production runs with slight modifications. The first run, known as Series 1, used the roundish CEV stop/taillight used on many Italian bikes of the decade and is known to have continued until at least September, 1976. Fewer than 2,000 of the round taillight bikes were made. The second production run, known as the Series 2 and totaling around 4,000 bikes, used a De Tomaso-designed rectangular taillight/reflector and modified rear guard. This was also used on the Mark II and SP models. The taillight and guard was the biggest change between Series 1 and 2 but other modifications included later inclusion of a tripmeter, black fork lowers, a more generous dual seat that replaced the split-prone original seat, exhaust pipe heel guards and inferior fuel taps and altered front indicator stem bracket. The extra cost compared to the "cooking" T3 model paid for performance items such as high compression domed pistons, larger inlet and exhaust valves, Dell'Orto 36mm pumper carbs with filterless mesh grey plastic velocity stacks, Tomasselli clip-ons and quarter-turn throttle. Most Mk I bikes were brilliant red and black although a very small number were painted in metallic ice blue. An exceedingly small number of Series 2 bikes were white. All bikes had a poorly-primed matte black frame and exhausts prone to rust.
Bikes imported into the United States were distinguished by two major visual differences. They were fitted with yellow side reflectors on the black CEV indicator (blinker) bodies, both front and rear. More significantly, the US bikes were fitted with a sealed beam headlight to meet Department of Transport approval instead of the non-US poor quality OEM Aprilia headlight with removable 40/45W bulb. The US sealed beam units protruded significantly in front of the bikini fairing, changing the flush lines of the bike when seen in profile.
Both engine and frame numbers for the Le Mans are prefixed with "VE". Engine serial numbers are stamped on a lower left hand side casing rib. Frame numbers were allocated a different sequence to engine numbers. Frame numbers commence from VE11111 and engine numbers commence from about VE70500. Due to poor priming some frames were replaced under warranty, adding complexity to the number sequence. Frame numbers and data plates are on the headstock, opposite the Neiman steering lock. Confusion about fake based on numbers further rests in part because of veteran motorcycle author Mick Walker's specific warning that a Le Mans 1 outside the frame range of VE11111 to VE13040 is likely to be a fake. This erroneous detail gained further credence in the Introduction to a compilation of period magazine reviews. In fact, it is the Le Mans Series 1 (with roundish CEV taillight) frames that are numbered VE11111 to VE13040. Le Mans Series 2 (with rectangular taillight) are numbered VE13041 to VE17311.
A Mark II bike reconfigured to look like a Mark I bike has been nicknamed a "Mock I". The Le Mans was also affectionately nicknamed the Lemon. This was not for reasons of unreliability. It gained popularity when published as an entry in "Bike's" Quote of the Month, after a reader sent in a cutting from Motor Cycle Weekly highlighting a typo in which Le Mans was spelt Lemons — similar to the French pronunciation. The story reiterating how the nickname came about was reprinted in 1979 when Bike reviewed a newly released Mark II bike (registration number plate DRO205T).
850 Le Mans II.
Basically the same motorcycle to the original Le Mans, except Moto Guzzi changed the fairing from a small 'bikini' fairing to a larger, more angular one in keeping with emerging fashion trends of the period with incorporated indicators and with two small frame mounted fairings similar to those of the 1000cc SP model. The fairing had been tested in Moto Guzzi's own dedicated wind tunnel, which had stood dormant for many years but had been used originally to test race bike fairings in the 1950s. The new nose fairing had a rectangular headlight, rather than the round headlight of the original. Other changes included addition of Nigusil instead of the iron bore cylinders used on earlier mkII's. It also had improved air assisted front suspension. The brake calipers on the front wheel were mounted behind the forks, whereas they had been mounted on the front on Le Mans Mark I. The problematic single seat of earlier models was also replaced with an improved saddle now capable of accommodating a pillion.
Improvements included a revised instrument cluster derived from the 1000cc SP model, however the new dash used an integrated circuit board which was in itself problematic. Brakes were still linked with the hand lever operating the front right caliper and the foot brake operating the front left and rear caliper.
Frame numbers are VE17312 - VE22635 in the first series of the Mark II, with the second series starting in 1980 from frame VE22636 to VE24086. Moto Guzzi patented Nigusil-plated cylinders were incorporated from engine number VE80390 onwards. The CX 100 version sold in the US - 1000cc with downrated carbs - carried a new frame number sequence beginning at VU11111, with only 353 being made in total it "remains a unique model in the history of the sporting Moto Guzzi."
850 Le Mans III.
This model saw an extensive re-design both technically and aesthetically. Features included revised cylinder heads and barrels, now sporting a squared off cooling-fin design. Pushrods were moved further from the bore centre, hinting at intent to provide larger bore sizes and an increase in capacity. In total there were some 80 technical changes from the Mk II model. The aesthetic upgrade included the tank, seat, fairings and instrument cluster. Now dominated by a large white faced Veglia tachometer hinting at the Le Mans sporting heritage. The technical changes included improved machining tolerances, revised carburation and exhaust systems. These technical advances resulted in an increase in power and torque from preceding models. Other improvements were made to the rear suspension and front forks with provision of linked air assisted damping.
Frame numbers are VF11111 - VF20700 inclusive, engine numbers are also prefixed by "VF".
Le Mans 1000 (16-inch and 18-inch front wheel) (1984–1993).
The Le Mans 1000 appeared at the end of 1984 and continued with modification until 1993. There were two main production runs known as Series 1 and Series 2.
The frame and engine prefix started with VV11111 in the 1984-85 Series 1. Many of the bikes, especially US models, included a new 17-digit Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) on the headstock. The VIN consisted of Z (denoting Italy), GU (for Guzzi), VV (specifying Le Mans 1000), a four-digit particular country code, a year code (A-H from 1980), M (for Mandello) and six digits beginning with 1000001. With factory data listing some modifications by frame number and others by VIN, it can be difficult to determine exactly when updates occurred.
The 16-inch front wheel and Lario-styling were personally ordered by owner De Tomaso. Whereas other manufacturers redesigned frame to incorporate a smaller front wheel, Guzzi simply placed the smaller wheel on the proven Tonti frame, which dated back to the V7 Sport, which was designed for an 18-inch wheel without reconfiguring the geometry. It did, however, have sturdier forks than earlier models and smaller (270 mm) semi-floating front discs. Physically, the bike was much larger than the lean and low earlier Le Mans bikes, and performance from the 949 cc engine with uprated 40 mm pumper carbs and LM I production racer B10 camshaft was only marginally better than the Mark III. An 18-inch option was made available in 1987. The Series 2 bikes commenced at VIN VV100165 and started to include uprated Bitubo dampers and updated geometry.
Production totaled 6343 units between 1984 and 1988. In 1984 and 1985 a total of 2226 bikes were produced as Series 1. Then 1179 Series 2 models were made in 1986; 754 in 1987 and just 71 in 1988. Most 1988 models were factory-fitted with the 18-inch wheel.
Le Mans 1000 SE (Special Edition) (1986-88).
Released to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the V7's appearance the 1000 SE was sold in late 1986, 1987, and also into 1988 for those in the US market. (Only 100 SE models were sold in the US.) All bikes sold worldwide were red and white, with a red seat, red cast wheels and most had black rocker covers, engine and lower rails. Some had black engines and transmissions. The bike's gearing was closer and higher than the standard 1000.
Le Mans 1000CI (1988-1993).
The 1000CI started at frame number VV14000 as Series 1 and included many updates of the previous version and included a range of color schemes. Series 3 commenced at VV16350 and ended at VV16994. It is sometimes called the Le Mans 1000 Mark V NT (new type) and was to be the final incarnation of a great line of larger capacity, sporting Guzzi v-twins.

</doc>
<doc id="19161660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161660" title="Dangerous Cargo">
Dangerous Cargo

Dangerous Cargo is a 1954 British crime film directed by John Harlow starring Jack Watling, Susan Stephen, Richard Pearson, Terence Alexander and John Le Mesurier. The film was produced by Stanley Haynes for Act Films Ltd.
British crime reporter Percy Hoskins provided the story.

</doc>
<doc id="19161664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161664" title="Crozonaspis">
Crozonaspis

Crozonaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now France. It was described by Henry in 1968, and the type species is "Crozonaspis struvei". It was described from Brittany.

</doc>
<doc id="19161674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161674" title="D. George Wyse">
D. George Wyse

D. George Wyse FRCPC is the Chair of the International Experts Advisory Committee of the Libin Cardiovascular Institute of Alberta (LCIA). Wyse is a recognized and decorated international expert in the area of Cardiac Arrhythmia. His research led to fundamental changes in the way cardiac arrhythmia is treated, in specific, the reduction in use of certain antiarrhythmic agents.
Education.
Wyse obtained his PHD in Pharmacology in 1969 from McGill University in Montreal, Canada and subsequently conducted two years of postdoctoral research at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque, New Mexico. After his stint in the USA, Wyse returned to Canada, completing his MD training in 1974 at the University of Calgary. By 1978, Wyse had completed specialization training in Internal Medicine at the Foothills Medical Centre, also located in Calgary, followed by training in Cardiology at Oregon Health Sciences University in Portland, Oregon.
Research.
Within the area of Cardiac Arrythmia and Antiarrhythmic agents, Wyse has played an integral role in some of the more defining trials over the last three decades. These trials include the Cardiac Arrhythmia Suppression Trial (CAST), the Antiarrhythmics Versus Implantable Defibrillators (AVID) Trial and the Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management (AFFIRM) trial. As a result of these trials and other research, Wyse has produced over 300 articles in his active research career. His legacy includes being a founding coordinator of the Medical Research Council of Canada’s Program Grant in cardiac electrophysiology at the University of Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="19161692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161692" title="Cryphaeoides">
Cryphaeoides

Cryphaeoides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Bolivia. It was described by Delo in 1935, and the type species is "Cryphaeoides rostratus", which originally described under the genus "Cryphaeus" by Kozlowski in 1923. It was described from the Sicasica Formation in Patacamaya.

</doc>
<doc id="19161693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161693" title="Alder Yarrow">
Alder Yarrow

Alder Yarrow is an American wine blogger and restaurant blogger, and since 2004, publisher of ""Vinography"", one of the internet's most highly rated wine blogs. The founder of Hydrant, a San Francisco-based strategy and design consulting firm, Yarrow's blog has been described to "exhaustively chronicle San Francisco's wine bars".

</doc>
<doc id="19161695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161695" title="The Blue Parrot">
The Blue Parrot

The Blue Parrot is a 1953 British crime film directed by John Harlow and starring Dermot Walsh, Jacqueline Hill, Ballard Berkeley, Richard Pearson and John Le Mesurier. The film was produced by Stanley Haynes for Act Films Ltd.
British crime reporter Percy Hoskins provided the story.

</doc>
<doc id="19161701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161701" title="Lac d'Arvouin">
Lac d'Arvouin

Lac d'Arvouin is a lake south of Cornettes de Bise in the Haute-Savoie region of France. The lake is surrounded by several summits, including Pointe d'Arvouin (2,019 m) and Le Linleu (2,093 m).
It covers an area of 1.8 hectares and its deepest point is 6.3 metres. It is located at an altitude of 1,663 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="19161709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161709" title="Yeniarx, Aşağı Zeynəddin">
Yeniarx, Aşağı Zeynəddin

Yeniarx (also, Yeniarkh) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Aşağı Zeynəddin.

</doc>
<doc id="19161711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161711" title="Charles R. Burton">
Charles R. Burton

Charles Robert Burton (13 December 1942 – 15 July 2002) was a British explorer, best known for his part in the Transglobe Expedition, the first expedition to circumnavigate the globe from pole to pole. Serving as cook, radio operator, and mechanic, he was the only member of the team to accompany the expedition's leader, Ranulph Fiennes, on the entire route.
Burton was born in Cape Town, South Africa. He attended Millfield school in Somerset, where he excelled more in sports than academics. From 1961-1967, he was a soldier in the British Army, serving with the elite Special Air Service and traveling to the Middle East, Northern Ireland, Malta, and Germany. After his military career , Burton held odd jobs, mainly with various private security firms. 
While bartending at The Admiral Codrington pub in Chelsea in 1975, he met Fiennes, with whom he spent some four years organizing and raising money for the Transglobe Expedition. After the expedition, which lasted from 1979-1982, Burton returned to the security business. Ten years later, he helped Fiennes organize another expedition, but declined to participate. 
Burton married Thelma "Twink" Petts in April of 1981 in Sydney, Australia, while on the Transglobe Expedition. He died of a heart attack 18 July 2002 at his family home in the village of Framfield in Sussex.

</doc>
<doc id="19161716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161716" title="Yeniarx, Agdash">
Yeniarx, Agdash

Yeniarx, Agdash may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19161723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161723" title="Swallow Tales">
Swallow Tales

Swallow Tales is a 1971 album by British country rock band Cochise. 
Cochise was most well known for guitarist Mick Grabham, who joined British rock band Procol Harum after Cochise dissolved in 1972. The album was released in 1971, and featured several supporting artists including Tim Renwick and Cat Batchelor. The album was released by music label Liberty Records.
The album was originally released as an LP, and was later released on CD. The album was produced by Dick Taylor in conjunction with the band. 
Background.
The band were formed in 1969 and released their first album, "Cochise", in 1970. The makeup of the band changed greatly before the recording of "Swallow Tales" as lead singer Stewart Brown was replaced by John Gilbert. Guitarist BJ Cole said that Gilbert's voice contrasted with the voice of Brown, as Gilbert sounded best on rock songs whereas Brown was more mellow. Critic Richie Unterberger (of "Allmusic"), however, felt that the music sounded largely the same as on their previous self-titled album, and described them as "middle of the pack" with neither "stylistic distinction" or "top-shelf songwriting".
The song-writing was done entirely by guitarists Mick Grabham and Cole, with the exception of "Love's Made a Fool of You" which is by Buddy Holly and Bob Montgomery.

</doc>
<doc id="19161726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161726" title="Cryphina">
Cryphina

Cryphina is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now France. It was described by Oehlert in 1889, and the type species is "Cryphina andegavensis". It was described from Saint-Barthélmy near Angers, Brittany.

</doc>
<doc id="19161732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161732" title="Glenmore (Indonesia)">
Glenmore (Indonesia)

Glenmore is a district (kecamatan) of Banyuwangi regency, East Java province, Indonesia. It is named after a plantation located nearby which once owned by an Englishman named Ros Taylor since 1910.
"Glenmore" is a Scottish or Irish name.
The Pura Pucak Raung, a Javanese Hindu temple, is located in Glenmore. It is within the vicinity of the temple that Balinese literature locates the place where the Hindu saint Maharishi Markandeya gathered followers for an expedition to Bali, whereby he is said to have brought Hinduism to the island in the fifth century AD. 
Villages.
Glenmore has 7 villages:

</doc>
<doc id="19161742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161742" title="Reuben D. Mussey">
Reuben D. Mussey

Reuben Dimond Mussey, Sr. (1780-1866) was a medical doctor and an early opponent of tobacco. His son Reuben D. Mussey, Jr. was a lawyer and the husband of Ellen Spencer Mussey, the founder of the first law school for females.
Mussey was born in Rockingham County, New Hampshire. He was of French Huguenot descent, and his father, John Mussey, was also a medical doctor. Mussey studied at Dartmouth College and then learned medicine under Nathan Smith.
He began the practice of medicine in Essex County, Massachusetts. However, he then went to the University of Pennsylvania where he did further medical studies, graduating in 1809. Among his professors at the University of Pennsylvania was Benjamin Rush.
He then was a professor at the medical school at Dartmouth College and also at Middlebury College, as well as serving as a medical lecturer at other institutions. In 1838 he went to Cincinnati where he became a professor at the Medical College of Ohio. In 1850 he served as president of the American Medical Association.
In 1862 Mussey published a book on the dangers of tobacco.
Mussey and his first wife Mary Sewall did not have any children. After her death he married Herry Osgood, and they had nine children. Besides Reuben Jr., there was also William H. Mussey and Francis B. Mussey who both followed their father into the medical profession. Charles F. Mussey became a Presbyterian minister. Mussey's daughter Maria married Lyman Mason, and his daughter Catharine married Shattuck Hartwell.

</doc>
<doc id="19161749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161749" title="Yeniarx, Qobuüstü">
Yeniarx, Qobuüstü

Yeniarx (also, Yeniarkh) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qobuüstü.

</doc>
<doc id="19161757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161757" title="Curriella">
Curriella

Curriella is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Silurian in what is now Scotland. It was described by Lamont in 1978, and the type species is "Curriella newlandensis"; the species epithet was derived from the type location, the Newlands Formation. It also contains the species "C. clancyi".

</doc>
<doc id="19161766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161766" title="A Time to Kill (1955 film)">
A Time to Kill (1955 film)

A Time to Kill is a 1955 British crime film starring Jack Watling, Rona Anderson, John Horsley and John Le Mesurier.

</doc>
<doc id="19161772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161772" title="Jelleff's">
Jelleff's

The Frank R. Jelleff Co., or more commonly Jelleff's was a Washington, D.C.-based retailer that specialized in women's apparel.
History.
Jelleff's was founded March 1910, on F Street, N.W. in downtown Washington, D.C. Its founder, Frank R. Jelleff, founded the first Boy's Club in the D.C. area, and the club at 3265 S Street NW, just off Wisconsin Ave., is named in his honor. The company was family run until 1968, when a group headed by I. Lee Potter purchased the store from the founder's widow. Potter served as chairman until the company's closing in 1979. His father, Alan Potter, served as president.
Flagship Store.
The flagship store was located at 1214–1220 F Street, NW, in the "F Street Mall." The store closed in early 1973.
Branch Stores.
Jelleff's opened its first suburban location at the Shirlington Shopping Center in nearby suburban Virginia in December 1947. That location closed November 1, 1972, but the store reopened in 1973, as a discount general department store. It also operated locations in Silver Spring; in Falls Church; at Springfield Mall; a store at Tysons Corner Center; and at 4472 Connecticut Ave., NW, in Washington, D.C. It operated a store, known as the "Little Shop," from 1942 to 1969, at 6936 Wisconsin Ave., in Bethesda, Maryland. A store opened in the then-new Crystal Underground in September 1976, and in 1979, at the time of the chain's closing, continued to operate independently as "Fifteen Thirty Five." The Tysons Corner store closed in early 1979, followed in May by the Connecticut Avenue and Springfield Mall locations, then in June by Silver Spring.

</doc>
<doc id="19161780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161780" title="Kristiyan Uzunov">
Kristiyan Uzunov

Kristiyan Uzunov (; born 4 February 1989) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender for Bansko. He was raised in CSKA Sofia's youth teams.
Made his official debut for CSKA in the last match of 2008-09 season in the Bulgarian A PFG (Professional Football Group) against Lokomotiv Mezdra.
International career.
Uzunov was a part of Bulgaria national under-19 football team. With the team he plays on 2008 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship in Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19161788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161788" title="Max Merritt and the Meteors (album)">
Max Merritt and the Meteors (album)

Max Merritt and the Meteors was the self-titled third album to come from the band, who had moved to Australia from New Zealand in the mid-1960s. The band were doing well on the live pub circuit in Melbourne in the late 1960s and this album was recorded during that time at Armstrong Studios.
The best charting single from the LP, released in late 1969, was "Western Union Man", which peaked nationally at number 15. The album itself successfully managed a number 7 on the Australian album charts in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19161789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161789" title="Boston Arts Festival">
Boston Arts Festival

The Boston Arts Festival is an annual event designed to showcase the visual and performing arts in Boston. It is also called "ähts" — a good humored poke at the Boston accent. The festival is also used to promote Boston's Open Studios program.
The title also refers to a similarly named event that existed during the 1950s and '60s. Tents housing displays of works of fine art snaked through the walkways of the Public Garden. Across the street on the Common, an outdoor stage featured a variety of performances—free to the public—ranging from classical and popular concerts to performances of Gilbert and Sullivan operettas by Martyn Green's company. The Festival drew hundreds of thousands of people, but in the mid-1960s organizers announced a year's "break" to reassess finances, and the earlier version of the Festival never returned.
History.
Back in the 1950s, Boston artist, sculptor and photographer Ernst Halberstadt and his good friend Harold Plotkin (poet and businessman) started the "original" "Boston Arts Festival". It was an incredible success, so much so that politicians after several years had to get in on the action, with others wanting to be "somebody important", and Harold and Ernst simply bowed out. Ernst never was one to play politics and really detested giving galleries 40-50% of the price of a painting for just hanging it on a wall and selling it. That was why the whole thing started. He wanted a place where artists could sell their work and keep all or most of the money.
Revived in 2003 as a one-day event by Mayor Thomas M. Menino, the festival started with the mission of launching the Boston Open Studios and performing arts seasons. Under clear blue skies, the festival drew huge crowds to the newly re-designed Christopher Columbus Park on Boston’s Waterfront. Highlights of the event included lively performances by Boston Lyric Opera, performing Italian arias, La Pinata presenting folkloric dance, the Mayor’s Mural Crew offering interactive mural painting and watercolor exercises, and reports from some visual artists of record breaking sales.
2004 saw the festival being expanded to two days in the same venue, with highlight performances from Boston Ballet and Jazz Hip Hop Orchestra, and huge crowd attendance.
To celebrate Boston’s 375th Birthday, the 2005 event moved some of its performances to downtown and Faneuil Hall. The main venue remained Christopher Columbus Park. Again, Boston Ballet proved hugely popular alongside Chu Ling Dance and Haitian singer Gi Frants.
In 2006, the festival continued to benefit from fine weather and played host, for the first time, to Diablo Glass, who gave glass blowing demonstrations in the park.
Firmly established, the festival drew record crowds in 2007, when juried artists exhibited and sold their artwork in a specially built artists’ village. Opera Boston made their festival debut to great acclaim as did up-and-coming harpist Maeve Gilchrist on the new Garden Stage to complement the Waterfront Stage. Boston Pops Ensemble and the very popular Boston Gay Men’s Chorus also made their debuts.
Building on the success of 2007, the 2008 event expanded to become a three-day event. Visual artists were now able to exhibit and sell their work on Friday while special guests Blue Man Group and Buffalo Tom entertained audiences from the Waterfront Stage. Despite the wettest day in the festival’s short history, large crowds turned out as the festival opened to great energy.
The rest of the weekend brought better weather and a full entertainment program on two stages. An attendance record was set for the festival on Saturday with an unprecedented turnout and individual artists reported record sales. Boston Children’s Museum provided activities for children alongside the Mayor’s Mural Crew. The Garden Stage played host to Pan United and harpist Aine Minogue, amongst others, while on the Waterfront stage, the upcoming group Everyday Visuals shared billing with dance troupe OrigiNation, songwriter Bleu, and for the seventh year in a row, Boston Ballet.
2010.
This year's festival takes place from Friday, September 10 through Sunday, September 12, from Noon to 6 pm.

</doc>
<doc id="19161796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161796" title="Bolton Cricket League">
Bolton Cricket League

The Bolton Cricket League is a cricket league comprising fourteen teams in and around Bolton, Greater Manchester in North West England. The league runs competitions at First Team, Second Team, Under 18, Under 15, Under 13 and Under 11 levels.
Teams.
The current fourteen teams are:
History.
The league began in 1930 after breaking away from the Bolton Cricket Association.
The most successful team to date is Walkden who became league champions for the thirteenth time in 2008.
Hamer Cup.
The Hamer Cup is a knockout cup for first teams in the Bolton Cricket League. The most successful team to date with twelve Hamer Cups is Bradshaw.
Notable players.
A number of quality cricketers have played in the Bolton Cricket League including:
Footballing brothers Gary Neville and Phil Neville also played in the Bolton Cricket League.

</doc>
<doc id="19161827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161827" title="Data Explorers">
Data Explorers

Data Explorers is a privately owned financial data and software company headquartered in London, UK with offices in New York, US, Edinburgh and Hong Kong. The company provides financial benchmarking information to the Securities lending Industry and short-side intelligence to the Investment Management community. The company has a global dataset covering $12 trillion of securities in the lending programs of over 20,000 institutional funds.
Data Explorers offers access to quantitative measurement of securities lending, performance and risk. The company provides analytics and data complied from trade and inventory data provided by market participants including Lenders, Beneficial Owners, Custodian Banks, Agency Lenders, Borrowers, Hedge Funds and Broker Dealers.
History.
Data Explorers was established in 2002 by Mark Faulkner, the author of the Guide to Securities Lending Markets. Donal Smith, formerly of Thomson Reuters, was announced as CEO on 4 March 2008.
It is owned by the private equity firm Bowmark Capital.
Data Explorers was ranked 27th amongst the top 30 fastest growing UK private equity backed companies in the The Sunday Times Deloitte Buyout Track 100 on 8 Feb 2011.
Data Explorers was voted the Best Information/Data Provider at the GSL Securities Lending Industry Awards on 4 Nov 2011 for the third year in a row.
At the twelfth annual techMARK awards on 17 Nov 2011, Data Explorers won the Emerging Star Award.
At the Financial World Innovation Awards on 2 Dec 2011, Data Explorers won the Information Provision Award for the Data Explorers News service.
2 April 2012: Markit, a leading, global financial information services company, announced the acquisition of Data Explorers, a leading provider of global securities lending data, from mid-market private equity firm Bowmark Capital.
Services and products.
The Data Explorers database tracks $12 trillion of lendable securities, with $2 trillion of loan balances on average covering 30,000 equities, 40,000 corporate bonds and 80,000 government bonds. The company products include APIs, Data Feeds, Excel Toolkits, Mobile Apps, web-based platforms and channel partners including Bloomberg LLC, Thomson Reuters, Factset, Markit and Capital IQ.
Data Explorers data is used as a proxy for short interest data by the mainstream media, including "The Financial Times", "The Economist", "The Wall Street Journal", and "Bloomberg" 
Data Explorers launched the Restricted Stock Monitor on September 19, 2008 providing data for all securities globally impacted by short selling regulations.
On October 6, 2008, Data Explorers announced the "DESLI" Index - Data Explorers Stock Lending index showing the variations in the amounts of stock borrowed and amounts available to borrow in different regions and sectors around the world.
Thomson Reuters partnered with Data Explorers on 11 Mar 2009 to provide short-side intelligence to investor relations professionals.
On 12 Jun 2009 Data Explorers partnered with Factset to provide short selling analysis and securities finance data to Factset Research System's analytics platform.
Markit announced a new index on Sep 16 2009, the Markit Data Explorers U.S. Sector Sentiment Index, that reflects sector-level investor sentiment derived from securities lending and short-selling information.
Data Explorers COO, Jonathan Morris, announced a partnership with Bloomberg L.P. on 23 Sep 2010 providing global long and short fund flow content to users of the Bloomberg Professional Service 
On 6 Oct 2010 the Financial Times website www.ft.com included short selling activity from Data Explorers alongside market data on the Company pages and Stock screener 
Nasdaq OMX announced a new index based on Data Explorers stock loan information to replicate return and volatility characteristic of the Nasdaq-100 Index on May 5, 2011. The index screens out stocks with low liquidity or those that are relatively expensive to borrow in the share-lending market.
On 19 Sept 2011, Data Explorers and Deltix announced that Data Explorers securities lending and repo data is available in the Deltix QuantOffice platform.
Capital IQ, the data and analytics arm of Standard & Poor's announced new content from Data Explorers added to its market data platform and Xpressfeed data management service on Sept 26 2011.
Data Explorers and Direct Edge announced a partnership on 6 Oct 2011 after integrating daily securities lending information onto the Direct Edge market data distribution platform. 
On 23 Jan 2012, Data Explorers announced a partnership with Narrative Science to create a securities lending newswire using an artificial intelligence system.
Data Explorers launched the first iPhone app for the securities finance industry on 31 Jan 2012 for Hedge Funds, Prime Brokers and Custodians to access daily information on 3 million transactions.
On 5 Feb 2012, Data Explorers was ranked for the second year in a row in the Sunday Times Deloitte Buyout Track 100.

</doc>
<doc id="19161843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161843" title="Anton von Saltza">
Anton von Saltza


</doc>
<doc id="19161850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161850" title="Juan Henríquez de Villalobos">
Juan Henríquez de Villalobos

Juan Henríquez de Villalobos (1630 - † Madrid, 1689); Spanish soldier and administrator who, after participation in various European wars, was designated as governor of Chile by Mariana of Austria. In this position, between October 1670 and April 1682, he became, according to Chilean historiography, the epítome of the corrupt and nepotistic governor. His government tenure was darkened by a long series of litigations and accusations by oidores of the Real Audiencia of Santiago and other vecinos of the colony. He was one of the governors who left the position richer than he began, with not less than 900 thousand pesos, according to Jose Toribio Medina. 
In the War of Arauco, in January 1671 Henríquez held the Parliament of Malloco ending hostilities that began with the Mapuche Insurrection of 1655. However in 1672 Henríquez faced a Mapuche revolt, by the former toqui Ayllicuriche and other leaders that he repressed before it went very far. March 1674 he was able to hold a festive Parliament of Concepcion to celebrate the end of hostilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19161861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161861" title="Cybele (trilobite)">
Cybele (trilobite)

Cybele is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now Sweden. It was described by Loven in 1846, and the type species is "Cybele bellatula", which was originally described dubiously under the genus "Calymene" by Dalman in 1827. The type locality was in Östergötland.

</doc>
<doc id="19161862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161862" title="William J. Sparks">
William J. Sparks

William Joseph Sparks (February 26, 1905 - October 23, 1976) was a chemist at Exxon. As an inventor, his most important contribution was the development of butyl rubber.
Sparks served as president of the American Chemical Society in 1966 and chairman of the National Research Council's Division of Chemistry and Technology from July 1953 to June 1955. Sparks was the holder of 145 patents. 
Sparks was awarded the Priestley Medal in 1965 and the Charles Goodyear Medal in 1966 for the functionality of elastomers. The ACS Rubber Division's Sparks-Thomas award is named after Sparks and Butyl rubber co-inventor Robert M. Thomas.
Sparks was a firm believer in the benefits that innovation could provide to society. However, he was concerned that the education of the upcoming scientific generation did not include the awakening of the social consciousness. He stated that "the scientific profession has become much larger than medicine, law or the clergy. Yet, many young scientists are not taught by their professors to feel an obligation to society in their work." Sparks believed that good science should benefit the world in which we live, contending that "Science without purpose is an art without responsibility."

</doc>
<doc id="19161878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161878" title="New York Clown Theater Festival">
New York Clown Theater Festival

The New York Clown Theatre Festival is an annual festival of the art of clown, held at The Brick Theater in Brooklyn, New York. Kicked off every year by a parade beginning in Union Square and heading on the L train to Williamsburg, the festival opens with a huge indoor pie fight. Festival performers come from across the USA and the globe, including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Britain.
Clown luminaries, including David Shiner, Eric Davis, John Gilkey, Joan Schirle, Bob Berky, Christopher Bayes and Sue Morrison have appeared and also give workshops and lectures at the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19161879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161879" title="František Gellner">
František Gellner

František Gellner (19 June 1881 – disappeared September 1914) was a Czech poet, short story writer, artist and anarchist.
Biography.
František Gellner was born to a poor Jewish family in Mladá Boleslav ("Jungbunzlau"), Bohemia. His father was a seller and a keen socialist. His student room above his father’s shop was the place of his first writing attempts – he covered the walls with his provocative poems and caricatures. He studied at the gymnasium in Mladá Boleslav where he contributed to the student journals "Lípa", "Lucerna", "Pêle-Mêle" and "Mládí" with poems, translations and drawings. He went to Vienna to study at the Polytechnic Institute but left after two years with just one exam in drawing. 
Gellner's Bohemian lifestyle brought him to the anarchist movement. His flat was searched several times by police. He wrote to "Nový kult" journal. In 1901 he started studying at the Mining Academy in Příbram and often went to Prague to join anarchist parties with S.K. Neumann, Karel Toman, Fráňa Šrámek and Marie Majerová. He started compulsory military service in 1904 but dropped out after a year. He went to Munich to study painting in 1905 and a year later to Paris where he drew caricatures for such journals as "Rire", "Cri de Paris", and "Le temps nouveau". In 1908 he returned to Bohemia (his father was ill) and in 1909 went to Dresden and again to Paris. In 1911 he settled in Brno and started to work for "Lidové noviny" as a caricaturist and a reporter. 
At the beginning of World War I Gellner was recruited to the Austro-Hungarian army and went to Galicia. The last report about him was that he was relaxing on a path between Zamość and Tomaszów. On September 13, 1914 he was claimed missing and never found.
Poetry.
His first poems are full of irony in Heinrich Heine's style. His poem "Patnáct lahví koňaku" (Fifteen bottles of cognac) which he wrote at the age of 15 was published in "Švanda dudák" journal (edited by Ignát Herrmann). In 1901 he published his first collection called "Po nás ať přijde potopa!" (After Us Let the Floods Come!) in which he used especially sexual motifs without any embellishments. The next collection "Radosti života" (Joys of Life) shifted the point of view from subject to object and throws the disbelief more on society. The rhythm of the poems is close to vaudeville verses or chansons. 
"Nové verše" (New Verses, published posthumously in 1919) are not so pathetic as if seen from a distance with a lot of nonchalance. 
He also wrote satirical poems in Karel Havlíček Borovský's style which were published mostly in papers and journals. He also illustrated Havlíček’s "Křest sv. Vladimíra".
One of his best-known poems was published in "Po nás ať přijde potopa" (1901):
Another piece from the book "Básně z pozůstalosti" that is typical for Gellner's Bohemian lifestyle begins with this strophe:

</doc>
<doc id="19161882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161882" title="Chandos Wren-Hoskyns">
Chandos Wren-Hoskyns

Chandos Wren-Hoskyns BA, JP, DL (15 February 1812 – 28 November 1876) was an English landowner, agriculturist and author.
He was born the second son of Sir Hungerford Hoskyns, 7th Baronet of Harewood Park, Herefordshire. In 1837 he married Theodosia Wren—great-great-great-granddaughter of Christopher Wren, and daughter and heiress of Christopher Roberts Wren of Wroxall Abbey, Warwickshire—and by Royal License changed his surname to Wren-Hoskyns.
Educated at Oxford University, Wren-Hoskyns was called to the Bar at Inner Temple in 1838. He served as High Sheriff of Warwickshire in 1855 and was appointed Deputy Lieutenant of the county in 1860. He was Member of Parliament for Hereford from 1869 to 1874.
As an author his main interest was reform of land tenure. His works included:

</doc>
<doc id="19161887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161887" title="Cybellela">
Cybellela

Cybellela is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida.

</doc>
<doc id="19161919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161919" title="Cybelopsis">
Cybelopsis

Cybelopsis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now Greenland. It was described by Poulsen in 1927, and the type species is "Cybelopsis speciosa". The type locality for the genus was the Nunatami Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19161932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161932" title="P65">
P65

P65 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19161945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161945" title="Pedro de Portocarrero">
Pedro de Portocarrero

Pedro de Portocarrero (died 1600) was a Spanish clergyman. He was Bishop of Calahorra (March 1589 – January 1594), Bishop of Cordoba (1594–1597), Bishop of Cuenca (May 1597 – September 1600), and the Inquisitor General (1596–1599), against King Philip II of Spain Aragonese Secretary Antonio Pérez.
The Portocarrero family came from Portugal. He was probably one of the cadet sons of Juan de Portocarrero y Portocarrero, the wealthy ninth Señor of Moguer, married to powerful merchant woman María Osorio and 1st marquis of Villanueva del Fresno, province of Badajoz, title awarded in 1530 by Charles I of Spain, and lord also of Barcarrota, province of Badajoz, by purchase, since 1539.
He was honoured by mystical poet Frey Luis de León, or Fray Luis Ponce de León, suspicious to the Inquisition, with Jewish "conversos" ascendency, with what is described as "Oda II" from Frey Luis poetical works. There are also another "Oda XV" and "Oda XXII", both easily found through the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="19161979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161979" title="Collegiate church in Wiślica">
Collegiate church in Wiślica

The Collegiate church in Wiślica (full name: "Collegiate Basilica of the Birth of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Wiślica", ) is a Gothic church, erected in 1350 in the southern Polish village of Wiślica, during the reign of King Casimir III of Poland. It was built on foundations of two earlier Romanesque churches, of which remains have been preserved in the crypt.
Since September 8, 2005, it has been designated a Minor Basilica.
Origins.
Roman collegiates.
Construction of the first Romanesque collegiate church in Wiślica, the town which in the early Middle Ages was one of the biggest administrative centers of southern Poland, was initiated by Prince Henry of Sandomierz in the mid-12th century, and finished in the second half of the 12th century by his brother, Casimir II the Just. After completion, it was a small, one-nave building, with a small apse. In western part of the nave, there was a gallery or choir loft and under the presbytery, there was a crypt, whose remains still can be found. The crypt was supported by four columns. 
At the beginning of the 13th century, a larger "Collegiate Church of the Holy Trinity" was built. It consisted of three naves, the outer two with side-chapels. The vault was supported by six pillars, and there were two towers on the western facade. It is probable that since the mid-12th century, the church was the center of a chapter, which was overseen by the bishops of Kraków. However, the earliest remaining documents confirming the existence of the chapter come from the mid-13th century.
Gothic collegiate.
The third and present church was built for King Casimir III. It was one of several churches built by the ruler of Poland as atonement for his murder of the vicar of Wawel Cathedral, Marcin Baryczka. 
The collegiate church was damaged and then rebuilt several times. In 1598 its roof and clock were renewed, confessionals were added and a sculpture of the Madonna was replaced. In 1678, a general remodeling of the church was carried out at the expense of 6000 zlotys. Four years later, a hailstorm destroyed the roof.
In the late 18th century, the village of Wiślica became part of the Austrian Empire in the Partitions of Poland then, after the Napoleonic Wars, it was annexed by the Russian Empire until after World War I.
In 1915, the church was seriously damaged by Austrian artillery during skirmishes with the Russian Army. The Western facade was destroyed, together with the 13th century towers. After the war, when Wiślica became part of the Second Polish Republic, the damage was repaired with help of Professor Adolf Szyszko-Bohusz, a renowned architect of the Jagiellonian University. On September 7, 1924, the church regained the status of a collegiate church, which had been lost back in 1819.
Architecture.
The church is made of stone, with the exception of the western facade which was destroyed in 1915 and rebuilt in brick. At the northern wall there is an annex, built in the second half of the 17th century, with a sacristy. In the anteroom, there is a characteristic portal and the door inside is adorned with a 15th century rosette.
Above the portal, there is a low relief commemorating King Casimir III and Jan Bodzanta, Bishop of Kraków. It was funded in 1464, on the initiative of Jan Długosz, who in mid-15th century was a canon in Wiślica. 
The Northern portal was built in the second half of the 14th century, with several eagles and coats of arms of Polish provinces. Nearby, there is a blind window, out of which, according to a legend, the Wiślica Statutes were announced in 1347. 
The vault in the nave is partly ribbed, supported with three pillars. In several places on the vault there are coats of arms of parts of the Kingdom of Poland during the reign of Casimir III: Greater Poland, Ruthenia, Land of Sieradz, Land of Leczyca, and Dobrzyń Land. There are also Evangelist symbols and the head of Jesus. In the presbytery, there are the remains of several post-Byzantine wall paintings, made by Master Hail, an Orthodox painter from Przemyśl between 1397 and 1400. 
On the altar, there is a sculpture of the Madonna of Łokietek, which dates to around 1300. According to legend, King Wladyslaw the Elbow-high prayed there for unity of the country. Also, Queen Jadwiga of Poland supposedly prayed there with her husband, King Jogaila. 
In the cellar of the church, there is a unique Romanesque figurative floor, with different persons and animals carved on it. The floor, which measures 4 by 2.5 meters, comes from around 1170 and was discovered in 1959.
Near the church there is a small museum, which depicts Wiślica's history as one of Poland's medieval settlements.

</doc>
<doc id="19161981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161981" title="Do Not Open">
Do Not Open

Do Not Open: An encyclopedia of the world's best-kept secrets is a book published on October 25, 2007 by Dorling Kindersley and written by John Farndon.
Summary.
The book deals with Air Force One, the U.S. President's personal jet, and the secrets behind the Turin Shroud to Nostradamus and the lost city of Atlantis. The book also has information about fake diamonds, behind the scenes of movie studios, flags, underground in Paris and strange weather.
It also shows other secrets such as Cheyenne Mountain, the secret to the Enigma machine used by Nazi Germany, and much more. It presents a different point of view on historic figures such as Christopher Columbus, and historical events such as the discovery of the new world.
Reviews.
Reviews in Publishers Weekly, Library Journal, Booklist, Kirkus and Wall Street Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="19161984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161984" title="Cyrtometopus">
Cyrtometopus

Cyrtometopus is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. 

</doc>
<doc id="19161992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161992" title="Morse (surname)">
Morse (surname)

Morse as a surname of Flemish origin from old Frisian. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19161995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19161995" title="Improbable Fiction">
Improbable Fiction

Improbable Fiction is a 2005 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about a writers' circle, on the night the chairman, Arnold, seems to wander into the imaginations of the other writers.
Background.
Part of the inspiration for "Improbable Fiction" was reported to be a talk that Alan Ayckbourn once gave to a writers' circle, which he suspected was actually more of a social circle. The title was inspired by a quote from William Shakespeare's Twelfth Night:
"If this were played upon a stage now, I could condemn it as improbable fiction." – Twelfth Night, Act III, scene 4
If the immediately preceding adult play, "Private Fears in Public Places" was notable for being the bleakest Ayckbourn play for many years, "Improbable Fiction" was notable for being the lightest, because in the few years previously, even the comedies had serious themes to them. It has been observed that this play has similarities with Ayckbourn's earlier family plays "The Boy Who Fell into a Book" and, to a lesser extent, "My Very Own Story". Whether there was an intentional adaptation of these plays is unclear, but this was repeated the following year with "If I Were You" (argued to be derived from "The Jollies").
Whatever the reason for such a light play, it fitted in with the Stephen Joseph Theatre's 50th anniversary season, along with a revival of another Ayckbourn comedy, "Time and Time Again".
Characters.
There are seven characters in the play. They are:
In the second act, all the characters start playing various parts from various stories, apart from a confused Arnold who carries on being himself, whatever role is thrust on him by the story.
Setting.
In contrast to "Private Fears in Public Places" and its 54 mini-scenes, "Improbable Fiction" used the single set of the living room in Arnold's house throughout the play, and one continuous scene, broken only by the interval. The first act almost entirely takes place during the Writers' Circle meeting. In the second act, however, the same room represents various houses in various stories in Victorian times, the 1930s, and the present day, with no set change other than changing the type of phone present on the dresser.
The play was performed in-the-round for its original run at the Stephen Joseph Theatre in 2005. In the 2006 tour, it was adapted for the proscenium.
Synopsis.
The play begins with Arnold anxiously setting up the chairs for a writers' circle meeting. First to arrive is Ilsa, a young girl whom Arnold hires to serve the tea. Ilsa also looks after Arnold's live-in bed-ridden mother, who periodically demands attention by banging a stick on the upstairs floor. She holds Arnold and the rest of the group in awe on the grounds that they are all writers, although Arnold himself, the only member of the group to have had something published, only writes instruction leaflets.
When the rest of the group arrive, they all, over the first act, reveal what they are working on. Grace shows her illustrations for her children's story "Doblin the Goblin" (with friend Sid the Squirrel), Jess tells her of her vision for her period romance, Vivi explains how her latest detective novel is darker than the last three, Brevis plays a (somewhat tuneless) song "There's Light at the End of the Tunnel" from his musical adaptation of "The Pilgrim's Progress", and Clem reads out an extract from his science fiction story (or, as Clem sees it, "science fact", with names changed to protect identities).
All the writers have obvious weaknesses with their writing. Grace's children have long since grown up and her ideas would be confusing to the age this kind of story is aimed at. Jess never manages to start writing, whilst Vivi is clearly over-writing, and her description of the detective's smitten sidekick is obviously modelled on her and her search for the right man. Brevis's long list of successfully performed musicals can be attributed to the fact that he was a teacher at a school, and now that he is retired he is stuck. And Clem gets angry that no-one can follow his incomprehensible plot, and his persistent mispronunciation of words (such as "invulshable" instead of "invincible") drives Brevis up the wall.
There is not much sign of the writers helping each other that much, and the group is still reeling from last week's visiting writer (if you can count someone who is only publicised on the internet as a writer), whose summary, in Arnold's words, was that "You should get the F-word on with it" (to which Brevis points out he finished with "you bunch of wankers.") When a nervous Ilsa enters and serves the tea painfully slowly, the rest of the group start making wild speculation about her.
With the meeting over, the five writers go home, leaving just Ilsa, waiting for her boyfriend to pick her up on his motorbike. Suddenly, the lights go out, and Arnold sees Ilsa, in Victorian dress, walk towards him with a candle and a knife. The other five writers also surround him in Victorian dress. Ilsa screams, Arnold cries "Good Gracious!" and the first act ends.
With the second act starting exactly where the first one left off, Arnold suddenly hears Jess narrating the story, somewhat in the style of Jane Austen or the Brontë sisters. Ilsa, it seems, has turned into an heiress who has seen some sort of ghost. But before this mystery can be solved, the room changes into that of a 1930s house, and a detective (Clem) and his assistant (Vivi, behaving very similar to the real Vivi) question Arnold about the murder of his wife, rather like a "Poirot" mystery. And then, before this is solved, Arnold finds himself confronted by a group of agents investigating the alien abduction of his mother-in-law (this time, with striking similarity to "The X Files", "Alien" or "The Matrix"), with the leader (Brevis), mispronouncing all the long words exactly how Clem would want them.
As Arnold flits back and forth through the stories, the first two mysteries are solved relatively easily. The ghost that the heiress/Ilsa saw, was, of course, just a model created by her scheming cousin (Clem) so that she could be declared insane and he could get the inheritance, but he gets rumbled. And so (or, as Jess narrates "And so, dear reader ...") this story ends. The murder's alibi in the 1930s is exposed when it is pointed out she did not have her glasses at the time, but not before the detective comes across a strange instruction manual in his pocket. Making the first kind comment ever to his sidekick (and Vivi says "Isn't he wonderful!") he leaves Arnold with the maid/Ilsa, who now seems to be his mistress. Ilsa advances on a bemused Arnold, but before she can have her way with him, he is back in the sci-fi story.
The agents capture an alien pod and use it as trade. Whilst waiting, Brevis almost starts playing a song he wrote on the piano, but gets interrupted by the release of the captive. Suddenly, the alien pod starts to open to reveal ... Doblin the Goblin (Ilsa). A much more tuneful version of "There's Light at the End of the Tunnel" starts playing, Doblin sails down the river (the open alien pod now serving as Doblin's walnut-cum-boat), Sid the Squirrel follows, with all the rest in tow.
And so Arnold is left alone again. He says "It's nice to finish with a song". The real Ilsa joins him – evidently, whilst he spent an hour in other people's imaginations, for her it was just a moment in another room. It is clear that Arnold and Ilsa have a genuine friendship. Then, after Ilsa leaves, to prove it is back to reality, Arnold's mother bangs on the ceiling once more. He goes upstairs saying "It was a quiet evening really. Nothing unusual ..."
Productions.
The original production at the Stephen Joseph Theatre had its first performance on 26 May 2005, and an opening night on 31 May 2005 featuring the following cast:
The production team were:
The production toured in 2006 with the same cast, except that Stuart Fox replaced Giles New as Clem. London, once again, was not included in the tour.
Since the Stephen Joseph production, there have been three further productions by other theatre companies, in Outer London, Hastings and Crawley.
Critical reviews.
Reviews of the production were divided, generally either broadly positive or broadly negative, with little in between. Much of the difference of opinion was down to what reviewers made of the change between the first and second acts.
Amongst the positive reviews, Alfred Hickling of "The Guardian" wrote "... the second half provides a theatrical transformation of the magnitude only Ayckbourn can dream of." Charles Hutchinson of the "Yorkshire Evening Press" wrote: "Ayckbourn moves into the speeding, fantastical dimensions of his Christmas family shows, as stories in the style of each writer overlap, giving Ayckbourn the chance to send up Jane Austen, Dorothy L Sayers and The Matrix." 
However, the same second act that earned praise from some critics was criticised by Sam Marlowe, saying "The problem is that this parade of comic cardboard cut-outs is impossible to care about, so it's not long before it falls flat," whilst arguing the earlier scenes worked better. Charles Spencer, reviewing the show on its tour at Guildford, was harsher, suggesting this play was evidence of Ayckbourn's decline. He wrote: "Ultimately, it's the laziness that bothers me most about latter-day Ayckbourn. You don't feel he truly cares about his characters any more: indeed, at times he can't be bothered to get inside their heads at all."
It was suggested that the reviews were generally better for the Scarborough production in the context of its 50th anniversary season, whilst expectations on the tour were for something deeper. Nonetheless, with three professional productions in the three years after the tour ended, "Improbable Fiction" has maintained a stage life outside of its original run.
The play had its American premiere on 1 May 2009, at the Black River Playhouse, Chester, New Jersey, directed by Michael T. Mooney. 

</doc>
<doc id="19162025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162025" title="Gigbeth">
Gigbeth

Gigbeth is a music festival and conference held in Digbeth, Birmingham, England. First launched in March 2006 and the creation of Birmingham based producer, promoter and performer Andy Bucknall it is held annually on the first weekend in November. The festival has stages at different venues in the area including The Custard Factory and Digbeth Institute. The event is organised by Clare Edwards, winner of the 2008 Young Musical Entrepreneur of the Year. Gigbeth aims to support local musicians and to boost Birmingham's profile as a centre for music. 
Gigbeth 2006.
Dirty Pretty Things
The Raconteurs
Scott Matthews 
The Twang 
Nizlopi
Soweto Kinch
Orchestra of the Swan
DCS Bhangra 
Shady Bard
Basil Gabbidon
Musical Youth
Gigbeth 2007.
Nizlopi
Mr Hudson & The Library
Musical Youth
Achanak
Beardyman
Soweto Kinch
Orchestra of the Swan
Gigbeth 2008.
The Sugarhill Gang
Stanton Warriors
Miles and Erica Hunt (The Wonder Stuff )
Oliver $
Guillemots

</doc>
<doc id="19162040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162040" title="Texas Supernova Search">
Texas Supernova Search

Texas Supernova Search is one of many ongoing projects to identify and record supernova events. The project is led by Robert Quimby and to date has found 35 supernovae, 29 of which they were the first to report on. In addition they have discovered 12 novae (including a probable LBV), in M31 and M33 and 6 dwarf novae.[http://grad40.as.utexas.edu/~quimby/tss/index.html]
The project's most notable successes are SN 2005ap and SN 2006gy, the 2 most powerful supernovae yet recorded. SN 2005ap was an extremely energetic type II supernova. It is reported to be the brightest supernova yet recorded, twice as bright as the previous record holder, SN 2006gy. [http://space.newscientist.com/channel/astronomy/dn12778-enigmatic-supernova-smashes-brightness-record.html]
Although SN 2005ap was twice as bright at its peak than SN 2006gy it was not as energetic overall as the former brightened and dimmed in a typical period of a few days whereas the latter remained very bright for many months. SN2005ap was about 300 times brighter than normal for a type II supernova. It has been speculated that this supernaove involved the formation of a quark star. [http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2008AAS...212.6401L]
"Time" magazine listed the discovery of SN 2006gy as third in its Top 10 Scientific Discoveries for 2007.[http://www.time.com/time/specials/2007/top10/article/0,30583,1686204_1686252_1690931,00.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19162048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162048" title="Café Express (film)">
Café Express (film)

Café Express is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Nanni Loy and starring Nino Manfredi. 
Plot.
Michele Abbagnano (Nino Manfredi) ekes out a living by abusively selling coffee, hot milk and cappuccino on the night trains running between Naples and Vallo della Lucania; each night, his goods held in a set of vacuum flasks which he carries in a basket along with handfuls of sugar packets he steals from railway cafés, he moves from carriage to carriage peddling warm drinks to the dazed, sleepy passengers.
The need to maintain his young son (who suffers from a congenital heart deficiency) in an institution and the hope to amass a large enough sum to have him undergo surgery to make him healthy for good is more than enough to keep Michele in his awkward and exhausting line of business, to which, however, he's exceptionally suited.
Keen of eye and wit he manages to befriend most of the passengers on the night trains, helping them with small favours (like waking them up before the stations they need to descend at) and telling tall tales centered around his right arm, which he keeps wrapped in a long leather glove pretending it to be wooden.
Michele tailors the stories to the people he's telling them to...pretending of having been a successful pianist who had his career ruined to a young cross-eyed man pining about having been rejected from the Carabinieri, telling how he saved orphanage boys from a roaring fire to the nun leading some schoolboys, narrating how he lost the limb to freezing on the Eastern Front to the WW2 veteran and so on.
During one night of 'work' Michele will be chased across the train by a trio of conductors who have been ordered by the Ministry of Transports to put an end to his activities once and for all; he'll meet his son (who has escaped from the institution) and will cross paths with a trio of petty thieves decided to enroll him as an accomplice in their misdeeds.
Awards.
Nino Manfredi won a Nastro d'Argento as best male protagonist with this movie.

</doc>
<doc id="19162059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162059" title="Reuben D. Mussey, Jr.">
Reuben D. Mussey, Jr.

Reuben D. Mussey, Jr. (often called RD Mussey) (May 30, 1833–May 29, 1892) was a Union Army colonel during the American Civil War and a distinguished lawyer. Between April 1865 and November 1865, Mussey was President Andrew Johnson's private secretary. Johnson nominated Mussey for appointment to the brevet grade of brigadier general of volunteers, but the U.S. Senate did not confirm the appointment. Mussey was the husband of Ellen Spencer Mussey who was also his law partner and became the head of the practice upon his death.
Biography.
Mussey was the son of the medical doctor Reuben D. Mussey and his wife Hettie Osgood. He was born in Hanover, New Hampshire on May 30, 1833. After matriculating from Dummer Academy, RD Mussey graduated from Dartmouth College in 1854. He campaigned for Abraham Lincoln in 1860 and at the outbreak of the Civil War began serving in the regular army of the United States as captain of the 19th U.S. Infantry Regiment.
Some sources list his name as Reuben Delevan Mussey, suggesting that Jr. may not be technically correct, but since both he and his father are referred to as Reuben D. Mussey or Reuben Mussey, the Jr. is the best way to distinguish the two.
Mussey was an anti-slavery officer in the Union Army who contributed to the end of slavery in Tennessee by his actions as a recruiter and regimental commander there. As a captain of the 19th U.S. Infantry Regiment from May 14, 1861 until June 14, 1864, Mussey helped recruit African-American soldiers for the Union Army. On June 14, 1864, Mussey was appointed colonel of the 100th U.S. Colored Infantry.
Mussey served as President Andrew Johnson's private secretary from April 1865 to November 1865. At some date for which the record has not been found, Johnson nominated Mussey for appointment to the brevet grade of brigadier general in the regular army, to rank from March 13, 1865, but the U.S. Senate did not confirm the appointment.
Mussey was mustered out of the volunteers on December 26, 1865 and resigned from the regular army on February 19, 1866. Soon after this date, he began a law practice in Washington D.C. He had two daughters with his first wife. It was after her death he met and latter married Ellen Spencer. Mussey also served as an adjunct professor of law at Howard University.
Reuben Delevan Mussey died in Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1892. He is buried in Oak Hill Cemetery (Washington, D.C.).

</doc>
<doc id="19162061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162061" title="Klausbernd Vollmar">
Klausbernd Vollmar

Klausbernd Vollmar, 
(born 22 November 1946) is a German scientific psychologist (Diplompsychologe), specialized in the language of symbols in dream, art and advertisement.
Vollmar was born in Remscheid, Germany. He studied German literature, linguistics, philosophy and geography at the Ruhr-University/Germany and the McGill University/Montreal. After his degrees he was awarded a research scholarship by the Canada Council at the McGill University. He worked as editor in chief of different papers and magazines, as director (theatre and films) and for the Goethe-Institut (the international German culture institution) in Finland.
In the 1970s he returned to university to study psychology. He was a student of the countess Dr. Olga von Ungern-Sternberg (a direct student of C.G. Jung). He undertook anthropological studies in Asia and the Arctic, about which he wrote in his novel “Wasserberg” and his “Arctic Diary”.
Later he ran bookshops in Cologne, worked in the publication department of the Findhorn community, Scotland and was a member of an English Gurdjieff group.
Since the end of the 1980s he has lived on the Norfolk coast, writing mostly non-fiction books for international publishing houses and working for radio and television. His main subject is the language of symbols, dreams and the impact of colour on our lives. Besides that he is known as a specialist for the Arctic. He published several articles about the concept of the north and the picture of the Inuit in literature and film.
His books are translated in 15 languages. Apart from the books about creativity and personal development he wrote the German standard encyclopedia of symbols in dreams and the first German encyclopedia of colour in history, art and printing.
Works.
English Books
Dreams & Symbols
Colour and Creativity

</doc>
<doc id="19162068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162068" title="The Creature of the Sunny Side Up Trailer Park">
The Creature of the Sunny Side Up Trailer Park

The Creature of the Sunny Side Up Trailer Park, originally titled "Bloodhead", is a 2004 comedic horror film directed by Christopher Coppola, about two very different men, Donnie, played by Andre Ware, and Doug, played by Steve Hedden who must join forces to battle a gory killer in a small, desert town. This film was so poorly done that after the advanced screening in Orange, CA it never made it to the theaters or TV. The film also stars Shirley Jones, Bernie Kopell, Lynda Carter, Fort Atkinson, Stephanie Dees, T'Keyah Crystal Keymáh and Frank Gorshin.

</doc>
<doc id="19162071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162071" title="Martin Schenck">
Martin Schenck

Martin Schenck (January 24, 1848 - September 17, 1918) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1892 to 1893.
Life.
He was born on January 24, 1848 in Palatine Bridge, New York to Benjamin Schenck and Susan (Martin) Schenck.
He graduated C.E. from Union College. In 1869, he began work as a rodman and leveler with the Missouri, Kansas and Texas Railway in Kansas and the Indian Territory. From 1871 to 1872, he was engaged in general engineering. In 1873, he became a leveler on the New York Central and Hudson River Railroad. From 1874 to 1881, was engaged in general engineering and contracting, and was a member of the New York State Assembly (Montgomery Co.) in 1875. 
In 1882, he was employed as an engineer for one of the contractors on the West Shore Railroad. From 1883 to 1885, he was inspector and leveler in the New York State Canal Department. From 1886 to 1891, he was Assistant Engineer in charge of the Hudson River improvement and of canal lock lengthening. 
He was State Engineer and Surveyor from 1892 to 1893, elected on the Democratic ticket in 1891, but defeated for re-election in 1893 by Republican Campbell W. Adams. In 1898, he ran again for State Engineer and Surveyor on the Democratic ticket, but was defeated again, by Republican Edward A. Bond.
From 1894 to 1895, he was Consulting Engineer to the New York State Board of Health. From 1895 to 1899, he was City Engineer of Troy, New York, and then Chief Engineer of the New York City Department of Parks, and later worked for the Barge Canal Bureau.
He died on September 17, 1918 in Albany, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19162079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162079" title="Dalmaniturus">
Dalmaniturus

Dalmaniturus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Silurian in what is now western Mongolia. It was described by Chernysheva in 1937, and the type species is "Dalmaniturus weberi".

</doc>
<doc id="19162083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162083" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1933–1936">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1933–1936

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1933 election and the 1936 election, together known as the 15th Parliament. 

</doc>
<doc id="19162097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162097" title="Karl Heinrich Emil Becker">
Karl Heinrich Emil Becker

Karl Heinrich Emil Becker (1879 – 8 April 1940) was a German weapons engineer and artillery general. He advocated and implemented close ties of the military to science for purposes of advanced weapons development. He was the head of the Army Ordnance Office, Senator of the Kaiser Wilhelm Society, first president of the Reich Research Council, the first general officer to be a member of the Prussian Academy of Sciences, as well as being a professor at both the University of Berlin and the Berlin Technical University. He was an early and key supporter of the development of ballistic rockets as weapons. The military-scientific infrastructure he helped implement supported the German nuclear energy program, known as the Uranium Club. Being depressed over heavy criticism from Hitler for shortfalls in munitions production, he committed suicide in 1940. He was given a State funeral.
Career.
From 1898, Becker was a military engineer. 
From 1901 to 1903, Becker studied at the Munich Artillery and Engineering School. From 1906 to 1911, he studied at the Berlin Military Engineering Academy, specializing in ballistics under Carl Julius Cranz; from 1908 to 1911, he was a teaching assistant at the Ballistics Laboratory there. From 1911 to 1914, he was a member of the Artillery Examining Board. In 1913, Becker co-authored a revision of Cranz' classic text, "Lehrbuch der Ballistik".
During World War I, Becker held two positions. From 1914 to 1916, he commanded a 42-cm mortar battery. From 1917 to 1919, he was an advisor on artillery ballistics at the Weapons and Equipment Inspection ("Inspektion für Waffen und Gerät"), which later became the "Heereswaffenamt" (HWA, Army Ordnance Office).
From 1919 to 1923, Becker studied chemistry and metallurgy. He was awarded a doctorate of engineering in 1922, with a thesis on cathodic change of phenol.
From 1922, Major Becker was an advisor to the HWA inspections office.
Becker was aware of the advantages of a close relationship between the military and science in the development of future weapons technology. As early as 1924, he recommended the establishment of a central laboratory of chemistry and physics. But only when he was director of the Ballistics and Ammunition Department of the Weapons and Equipment Inspection ("Inspektion für Waffen und Gerät") was he able to implement his recommendation. The Central Office of Army Physics and Army Chemistry ("Zentralstelle für Heeresphysik und Heereschemie") was formed in 1926 and recognized as an Armed Forces department in 1929. When Adolf Hitler came to power in 1933, this department took on greater importance and received generous funding from the Reich. Its Research Department established top-quality facilities, one of them was the "Heeresversuchsanstalt" (Armed Forces testing station) in "Gottow"; it was under the direction Kurt Diebner and played a central role in the German nuclear energy project, also known as the "Uranverein" (Uranium Club).
Lt. Col. Dr. Ing. Karl Becker, head of the ballistics and munitions section of the HWA Weapons Testing Division, was a key early supporter of Germany’s development of the rocket as a weapon. In 1929, Becker got permission of the "Reichswehrministerium" (RWM, Reich Ministry of Defense) to do so. He was interested in the development of both solid-fuel and liquid-fuel rockets. Later, one of his subordinates, Walter Dornberger became important as leader of the V-2 rocket program. Wernher von Braun was hired in 1932.
From 1932, Becker was an Honorary Professor of military sciences at the "Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität" (later, the "Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin", i.e. University of Berlin). From autumn 1933, he was an "ordentlicher Professor" (ordinarius professor) of technical physics at the "Technische Hochschule Berlin" in Berlin Charlottenburg (later, the Technical University of Berlin). From 1935, he was "ordentlicher Professor" of defense technology, physics, and ballistics, as well as dean of the military engineering department ("Wehrtechnische Fakultät"), which had been newly created in 1933, at the "Technische Hochschule Berlin". He was on the supervisory board of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Gesellschaft", the umbrella organization for numerous technical institutes. From 1935, he was the first general officer to be a member of the "Preußische Akademie der Wissenschaften" (PAW, Prussian Academy of Sciences). In 1937, Becker significantly expanded the "Wehrtechnische Fakultät".
From November 1933, General of the Artillery Becker was head of the research department and the Weapons Testing Office, and from February 4, 1938 head of the HWA, in addition to his positions at the "Technische Hochschule Berlin" and the University of Berlin. From 1937, he was also first president of the "Reichsforschungsrat" (RFR, Reich Research Council), appointed by Bernhard Rust, Minister of the "Reichserziehungsministerium" (REM, Reich Ministry of Education).
On 8 April 1940, just one day before the invasion of Denmark and Norway (Operation "Weserübung"), Becker, in the presence of the "Gestapo", committed suicide. Becker had been depressed for months, as he had been heavily criticized by Hitler and others for shortfalls in munitions production. Becker’s suicide was covered up by a State funeral on 12 April 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19162101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162101" title="Wang Yuan">
Wang Yuan

Wang Yuan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19162106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162106" title="Dayongia">
Dayongia

Dayongia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now China. It was described by Xiang and Ji in 1986, and the type species is "Dayongia longicephala". The type locality was the Linxiang Formation, in Hunan.

</doc>
<doc id="19162111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162111" title="Saint Croix ground lizard">
Saint Croix ground lizard

The Saint Croix ground lizard ("Ameiva polops") is a member of the Teiidae family of lizards.
Description.
Growing to a size of between 35 and 90 mm (excluding the tail), adults have a pattern of light brown, dark brown and white longitudinal stripes down their back. Below these are a series of narrow brown, black and white vertical stripes, which extend from the sides down to the stomach. The stomach is white with bright blue markings, and the rest of the underside is a deep pinkish-red hue. The tail changes from a brown color near the body with alternating rings of blue and black. The entire tail of juveniles and hatchlings is a bright blue color. It eats virtually any prey item, including berries, amphipods, moths, ants and small hermit crabs.
Habitat.
The lizard is mainly found in beach areas and upland forest. Once indigenous to the island of St. Croix, the population was extirpated, likely due to habitat loss and the introduction of the Indian Mongoose to the island in the 1880s. The lizard is found on four islands: Protestant Cay, Green Cay, Ruth Cay (a man-made island, constructed by dredging in the 1960s), and Buck Island. Eleven individuals were introduced to Ruth Island in 1990, and 57 individuals were introduced to Buck Island in 2008.
Status.
In 1990, ten lizards from the Protestant Cay population were placed on the island to try to save the species. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service listed the St. Croix ground lizard as endangered in 1977 (according to the Endangered Species Act of 1973), and is currently listed as Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List of Threatened species.

</doc>
<doc id="19162116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162116" title="Michael Boyd">
Michael Boyd

Michael Boyd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19162125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162125" title="Daytonia">
Daytonia

Daytonia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Silurian in what is now the United States. It was described by Holloway in 1981, and the type species is "Daytonia werthneri", which was originally described under the genus "Dalmanites" by Foerste in 1885. It also contains the species, "Daytonia mekon". The type locality for the genus was the Brassfield Formation, in Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="19162126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162126" title="Oliver Shepard">
Oliver Shepard

Oliver Shepard (born 1946) is a British explorer. He participated in the Transglobe Expedition, the first expedition to circumnavigate the globe from pole to pole. 
Shepard went to Heatherdown Preparatory School in Ascot, Berkshire then Eton College. In 1964, he was commissioned into the Coldstream Guards, after which he joined 21 Regiment Special Air Service (Artists Rifles). His civilian career started at the Charrington Brewery in the East End of London in 1968. In 1975 he joined Sir Ranulph Fiennes and his wife Ginny at the Duke of York Barracks, Chelsea. Between 1975 and 1979, he worked on preparations for the Transglobe Expedition. He went with members of the group to Scotland in 1975, followed by Exercise Greenland in 1976, and the British North Pole Expedition in 1977. On the Transglobe Expedition he travelled with Fiennes and Charlie Burton, and acted as doctor, dentist, scientist and mechanic. Because of family problems, he returned to the UK after the South Pole crossing, and worked in the office in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19162134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162134" title="Glyn Davidge">
Glyn Davidge

Glyn Davidge (31 December 1933 – 18 March 2006) was a Welsh international flanker who played club rugby for Tredegar and Newport. He was awarded nine caps for Wales and toured with Arthur Smith's 1962 British Lions squad.
Club career.
During the 1952–53 season, at the age of 18, Davidge played for Newport having previously been a member of Tredegar. As an adolescent, he had shown form and had played for Wales Youth, but before he could start a second season with Newport was called up for National Service. In the Army he joined the South Wales Borderers and represented The Army rugby team. On his return to civilian life he rejoined Newport who he would play for until 1965. He captained Newport during the 1962–63 season. While at Newport he would play in the teams that faced all three great Southern Hemisphere sides, New Zealand, Australia and South Africa. He was on the winning side against Australia (1957) and New Zealand (1963), but Newport were narrowly defeated 3–0 by the 1961 touring South Africans. Although losing the game, Davidge was considered to have been the most outstanding forward on the field that day. Davidge controlled the Springbok's attack and tackled heavily at every opportunity. Davidge was also a keen player of rugby sevens and was part of the Newport team that won the Snelling Sevens on three occasions between 1961 and 1963.
International career.
Davidge was selected to represent Wales on 4 April 1959 against France at Stade Colombes. He would play for Wales nine time in total including the South Africans who he would later play so well against for Newport.
Davidge was selected to play in the 1962 British Lions tour to South Africa, but was injured after playing three games against club opposition.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19162181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162181" title="HD 36678">
HD 36678

HD 36678 is variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19162187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162187" title="Ocean Star (schooner)">
Ocean Star (schooner)

Ocean Star is a two-masted schooner which conducts educational programs for Seamester Global Programs in the Caribbean Sea. The vessel is in overall length and accommodates sixteen trainees and four professional staff. "Ocean Star" is certified and inspected by the British Maritime and Coastguard Agency for ocean service. "Ocean Star" undergoes an annual refit in Antigua at Antigua Slipways Ltd.
History.
"Ocean Star" was launched in 1991 as a school ship for Ocean Navigator Magazine. Over the years, she sailed the waters between Canada and the Caribbean, enabling students to learn navigation and nautical skills. She originally operated in the New England and Canadian waters during summer, and the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico in winter, making frequent stops in Bermuda during her transits north and south. During her time with Ocean Navigator Magazine, she carried six adult students and was crewed by a licensed captain and mate, two deckhands, and a cook.
After an extensive refit in 1999, "Ocean Star" began training students and young adults on solely Caribbean waters. In 1999, she was bought by Sea|mester to host their college sail and scuba training programs. With Sea|mester, "Ocean Star" sails from her home port in Road Harbour, Tortola as far south as Grenada, with stops in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Saint Kitts, Martinique, Nevis, Saba, Sint Eustatius, Antigua, Dominica, Guadaloupe, Saint Lucia, and Saint Barthelemy. 
The programs run on "Ocean Star" inspired the eventual creation of "Argo", a schooner built in Thailand in 2006, which circumnavigates the globe with students.

</doc>
<doc id="19162190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162190" title="Aleksander Sznapik">
Aleksander Sznapik

Aleksander Sznapik (born 10 February 1951, Warsaw) a Polish chess master.
He won four times Polish Chess Championship (1976, 1980, 1984, 1991), and was a Sub-Champion in 1972, 1974, 1977, 1978, 1981.
He won at Warsaw 1979 and shared first at Copenhagen ("Politiken Cup") in 1984 and 1989, shared second at Biel Masters Open Tournament 1987 (Lev Gutman won).
Sznapik represented Poland in nine Chess Olympiads (1972 and 1978–1992), thrice playing on first board.
He was awarded the International Master title in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19162192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162192" title="Čokolada (album)">
Čokolada (album)

Čokolada (Serbian for "chocolate") is the second studio album by Serbian rock band Idoli, released in 1983. It is considered to be one of the best selling Yugoslav records, and was ranked #46 on the list of .
History.
Having finished the tour in support of "Odbrana i poslednji dani" album, the band started working on new material. Since Jugoton was unsatisfied with the sales of "Odbrana i poslednji dani", the band had to take on a more commercial sound. In the meantime, bass guitarist Zdenko Kolar left to serve in the Yugoslav People's Army and was temporarily replaced by Branko Isaković.
The band went to London and worked with producer Bob Painter who completely changed their style. The result was "Čokolada". Originally planned to be released as a double EP entitled "U gradu bez sna", at Jugoton's insistence it was released as a long-playing record. The album turned out to be the greatest commercial success the band had ever achieved. It sold roughly 350,000 copies which, with the Riblja Čorba album "Mrtva priroda", made it one of the best-selling albums in Yugoslavia. The record was later overtaken by Plavi Orkestar and Bajaga i Instruktori.
The album cover featured the girl from wrappers on "Seka" chocolates manufactured by Zvečevo from Slavonska Požega. The album design was by the band members themselves with the help of Vladimir Galić and the photographs were by Goranka Matić. 
Most of the songs from the album were hits. The romantic "Bambina" and "Stranac u noći", a sentimental piano oriented ballad, were released as a promo single, but due to large popularity, later appeared for sale as well. A lot of funk elements are recognizable on the album, especially on "Soda boj" and "Udri bogataša". The record also featured the ballads "U gradu bez sna" and "Tiho, tiho".
Even though the record credited Nebojša Krstić, Srđan Šaper and Vlada Divljan as the writers of all the tracks, it is known that Divljan did not work much on the album as he was working on his university degree dissertation at the time. He wrote "Radostan dan", "Vetar i zastave" and "Ja sam tu" (partially containing lyrics from the song "Proplakat će zora" written by Drago Britvić, performed by Mišo Kovač on the festival "Split 71"). Guest appearances included the producer Bob Painter himself on synthesizer and Vivian Goldman on backing vocals.
After the album's release, the band went on an enormously successful tour. The concert in Zagreb featured seven encore calls. However, due to differences within the band, they split up after the Ljubljana show.
Title track controversy.
Dušan Gerzić from the band Via Talas is the original lyrics writer of the "Čokolada" track. Srđan Šaper presented the track as an Idoli song and Gerzić was later credited as the partial writer of the song "Bambina".
Track listing.
Source: Discogs

</doc>
<doc id="19162198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162198" title="Eclipse (Warriors)">
Eclipse (Warriors)

Eclipse is a children's fantasy novel, the fourth book in Erin Hunter's "Warriors: Power of Three", and was widely released on September 2, 2008. It is the fourth book in the third six-book arc of the "Warriors" series. Like the three previous books in the series, it centers on the grandchildren of the ThunderClan leader Firestar: Jaypaw, Hollypaw, and Lionpaw, who have been blessed with extraordinary powers. Mostly, the book centers on the three coming to terms with their powers, and the prophecy that predicts they will someday be more powerful than StarClan.
Plot summary.
The group of cats that made the journey to the Tribe of Rushing Water return. Before they leave the mountains, Brook and Stormfur decide that they'd like to go back to living with the tribe. A few days after the cats came back, Tigerstar and Hawkfrost continue training Lionpaw in his dreams. Lionpaw tells them about the prophecy but they think that it was just a dream.
Hollypaw and a few other cats go on a border patrol to the WindClan border because they scented WindClan on their territory, and find dead fresh-kill with WindClan scent on it. Hollypaw spots something on a hill that she swore was a lion, but the patrol think she was either kidding or imagining it. The next day, Hollypaw, Lionpaw, and a patrol go to the WindClan border for a second time. There, Hollypaw scents something in the bushes, which turns out to be one of the tunnels the leads to the river, the same one from Dark River. She doesn't tell the rest of the patrol, but Lionpaw goes back to see what it was. He finds out that the tunnel led to WindClan and that Hollypaw didn't tell the patrol because she was afraid that Lionpaw would meet with Heatherpaw.
Meanwhile, while Cinderpaw was having her assessment, her leg was injured and is forced to delay her warrior's ceremony while she rests in the medicine cat den. Jaypaw becomes frustrated because Leafpool goes against what she had learned about treating leg injuries, and Cinderpaw becomes lazy and won't even stand up to drink her water. Eventually, Jaypaw comes up with an idea to teach Cinderpaw how to swim in the lake. The two apprentices sneak away, and they head to the lake. Cinderpaw learns that she can swim, and when Leafpool catches them, she is impressed with Jaypaw.
Not much longer after that, a mysterious loner named Sol is found by a patrol and insists on being brought to the camp. Hollypaw figures out that Sol was the 'lion' that she had seen on the patrol that day. Sol takes Jaypaw and Leafpool into the woods to tell them the sun will disappear. That night, Lionpaw can't sleep, thinking it is Foxpaw and Icepaw whispering, but then he scents WindClan outside the apprentice den. He emerges from the den, and sees all of WindClan there. He yowls and the cats rush into battle. Firestar eventually yells to stop, and the cats in both Clans obey. Firestar walks up to Onestar, who tells Firestar that WindClan is fighting because ThunderClan "...will help cats once they beg for it," and that they ignore the warrior code. However, WindClan leaves the camp, and Firestar tells a patrol to follow them to make sure they leave the territory.
There, WindClan split into three groups. The patrol returns and tells Firestar, who sends out two more patrols, and orders another to stay at camp in case WindClan invade. All three of the patrols get ambushed, and a battle breaks out. Hollypaw's patrol is being defeated, so she is ordered by Brambleclaw to go to ShadowClan to ask Blackstar for help, while WindClan asks RiverClan for help, and soon all four Clans are fighting. Lionpaw finds Heatherpaw and Crowfeather and almost kills Crowfeather, trying to get to Heatherpaw because he believed that it was her who told WindClan about the tunnels from Dark River. Heatherpaw claims it was Sedgekit. That is when the sun falls into an eclipse and the Clans panic and retreat to their own territory.
Later, Jaypaw convinces Lionpaw and Hollypaw that they need to find Sol and ask about the prophecy. They find him outside of the territories in an abandoned Twoleg nest, different from the one on ThunderClan territory, and Sol tells them all he knows. Jaypaw convinces Sol to make a nest just outside ThunderClan's territory and become their 'mentor' for the prophecy. On the way back, they get caught by a ShadowClan patrol and Sol goes to Blackstar and tells the three apprentices that he was going to stay in ShadowClan. In the time between then and the next Gathering, it seems that Sol has convinced Blackstar and his clan to stop believing in StarClan. Sol and Blackstar arrive at the Gathering together and Blackstar announces he has lost faith in StarClan and won't attend Gatherings anymore.
At the end of the book, Cinderpaw, Hollypaw, and Lionpaw get their warrior names, Cinderheart, Hollyleaf, and Lionblaze. Jaypaw watches the ceremony and feels happy for his siblings. He also detects a sense of pride coming from Leafpool and suspects that this is because Cinderpaw has finally fulfilled her destiny to be a warrior as she as always wanted to do as Cinderpelt. He then questions he and his siblings' destiny, whether their powers were meant to save or destroy the Clan.

</doc>
<doc id="19162202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162202" title="Zhang Lei">
Zhang Lei

Zhang Lei may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19162211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162211" title="Pietro Balbi">
Pietro Balbi

Pietro Balbi (or Petrus Balbus) (1399–1479), of Pisa, was an Italian humanist, a longtime member of the "familia" of Cardinal Bessarion who moved in the same circle as Nicolas Cusanus, whom he served with his expertise in Greek. During Pius II's pontificate, Balbi was the most prolific translator of Greek patristics in Rome, probably using the Greek manuscripts in Bessarion's own library. One of the "quattrocento" defenders of Plato, he translated for Cusanus the epitome of Platonic Philosophy, "Disciplinarium Platonis epitome", of the 2nd-century philosopher Albinus and the immense "Theologica Platonica" of Proclus in 1462, and circulated it in manuscript. Giovanni Andrea Bussi printed his translation of Alcinous, and Cusanus cast Balbi and Bussi as interlocutors in his dialogue "De lì non aliud" in the winter of 1462.
Balbi played a role in the deconstructing of Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite, unmasking the dionysian corpus as apocryphal.
In 1463 Balbi, who was bishop of Nicotera, was appointed bishop of Tropea in Calabria.

</doc>
<doc id="19162222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162222" title="Colonia Doctores">
Colonia Doctores

Colonia Doctores is an official neighborhood just southwest of the historic center of Mexico City. It is bordered by Avenida Cuauhtémoc to the west, Arcos de Belen Street to the north, Eje Central to the east and Eje 3 Sur José Peón Contreras to the south.
History.
The neighborhood was planned by Francisco Lascuráin in 1889, in an area called "La Indianilla". This name came from three indigenous women named María Clara, María Concepción and María Paula sold some of their land here to Father Domingo Pérez Barcia to build a small chapel. However, Lascuràin never followed through with his plans to construct the neighborhood. In 1895, The Mexican City Propiety Sindicate Limited proposed the plan to lay out the neighborhood anew, gaining approval of the Mexico City ayuntamiento. The major streets such as Niños Heroes, Dr. Lavista, and Dr. Río de la Loza were laid out.
Originally the colonia was called "Hidalgo" but, as almost all of the streets here are named after famous physicians, the area became known as "Doctores," leading to its current official name. 
In 1880, Ramón Guzmán, owner of an enterprise of streetcars pulled by mules, established a yard here for the maintenance and storage of his vehicles. Today the Procuraduría de Justicia del D.F. (Court house of the Federal District) is located in its place. A couple of decades later, a large part of this area was owned by the Compañía de Tranvías, also known as the Mexican Electric Transway, serving as a trainyard as well as housing workshops for the maintenance and repair of rail cars. This service began in 1900. Train engineers, who worked all hours, gave rise to vendors selling food, especially chicken soup ("caldo de pollo") in the late night and early morning hours. This tradition remains and the area is noted for its soup.
Sites of interest.
General Hospital of Mexico.
The Hospital General de Mexico was inaugurated on 5 February 1905 and covers seventeen hectares. Today, the hospital employs 6,000 professionals including doctors, nurses, technicians, paramedics and administrators. Each day, the hospital treats 3,000 outpatients, discharges about 112 inpatients, and performs 164 surgeries and other invasive procedures. It has 39 medical specialties in treatment, diagnostics and rehabilitation, providing care at the secondary and terciary level. The hospital also receives each year 1,163 medical students and 447 residents as well as 1,624 nursing students and other paramedical trainees. It is also a research hospital with 70 investigators, 27% of whom are members of Mexico's National System of Researchers (SNI), publishing about 158 articles each year.
Arena México.
Doctores is home of "Arena México," one of the more important staging places of Mexican lucha libre or professional wrestling, located on Dr. Lavista. Every Tuesday and Friday night, fights are staged between "good" wrestlers and "bad" wrestlers who often represent the trials and tribulations of the country. It is the self-proclaimed "cathedral" of Mexican lucha libre, sporting not only top names but those just beginning their wrestling careers.
Ex-Belén Prison.
It was home to the old Belén Prison, which today is the Instituto Maria Isabel Dunde preschool and primary school that houses murals by Raúl Anguiano and glasswork by Revueltas.<br>
Escuela Libre de Derecho (Free School of Law).
Located on Dr. Vértiz 12, on the corner of Arcos de Belén, it is one of the most prestigious law schools in Mexico, and second only to UNAM in age. It was founded 14 July 1912, during a time when Mexico was in political turmoil, including student unrest against the regime of President Porfirio Díaz. It offers degrees at both the bachelor's and master's levels for those seeking careers as lawyers and other aspects of juridical science.
Porfirio Díaz mansion.
On Doctor Jiménez street, is an old mansion that was a wedding gift for Porfirio Díaz and his new wife doña Carmen Romero Rubio. They first used the house as a getaway as this area was just on the outskirts of the city at the time. In 1904, they decided to convert it into an educational center for working mothers and their children, known as the "Casa Amiga de la Obrera" (Friends House of the Working Woman). It is now the Escuela de Participación Social No. 1 (Social Participation School No. 1) primary school affiliated with UNESCO.<br>
Centro Cultural Estaciòn Indianilla.
The Centro Cultural Estación Indianilla is located on Claudio Bernard Street in the colonia. This cultural center was opened in 2006 in what was an old workshop for the reparation of tram cars. The building had been in disrepair for a number of decades. It now houses exhibition space for modern and "alternative" art, taking advantage of the buildings tall ceilings and rooms built to accommodate railcars. In its basement, is the Frida de Juguete Arte Objeto Museum with pieces from artists such as Alberto Castro Leñero, Ángel Fermín Vizuet, Francisco Toledo, Gustavo Pérez, Irma Palacios, Jazz Moart and Joe Laville.
Centro Médico Siglo XXI (IMSS) (21st Century Medical Center-IMSS).
This facility was inaugurated in 1964, becoming the most important center for specialized medicine in the country. It is located on Cuauhtémoc Avenue in the far southwest corner of the colonia. The hospital houses about 30 works of art from fourteen different artists such as David Alfaro Siqueiros, Federico Cantú, Luis Nishizawa, Francisco Zúñiga, José Chávez Morado, Salvador Pinoncelly and Tosia Malamud. The 1985 Mexico City earthquake damaged many of the buildings's foundations requiring demolitions but their artworks were salvaged. The center sees the art as an integral part of the healing process. Inside the main entrance of the hospital is a mural called "Homage to rescue" by José Chávez Morado. It is 230 square meters etched in marble done between 1988 and 1999.
Government buildings.
This area, especially the northern section, is home to a number of Mexico City's governmental offices, including:
Reputation.
The area has a reputation of being high crime. It was ranked in the top 25 neighborhoods of the city for percentage of residents incarcerated. and it was ranked fourth in the top ten most “dangerous” neighborhoods, based on number of reported crimes per capita, behind Centro, Colonia del Valle, and Colonia Narvarte. It is also known for its large numbers of cantinas, cabarets and “hotels de paso” (hotels with hourly rates). However, most of the crime associated with this area is related to car theft and chop shops. For example, a Hummer stolen from El Paso, Texas, was recently found intact on the streets here.
Colonia Doctores used to be the home to many pulquerías, bars or cantinas that serve pulque to a mostly lower-class clientle. However, in Mexico City, these establishments have been heavily regulated because they were often seen as centers of vice. Due to this, and the increasing popularity of beer, very few pulquerías, such as "La Hija de los Apaches," on Dr. Lavista 186, still exist.

</doc>
<doc id="19162235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162235" title="Giuseppe Rinaldi">
Giuseppe Rinaldi

Giuseppe Rinaldi (14 September 1919 – 15 December 2007) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 22 films between 1939 and 1982. He was the Italian voice of Marlon Brando, Jack Lemmon and Paul Newman.

</doc>
<doc id="19162249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162249" title="List of Doctor Who – Battles in Time issues">
List of Doctor Who – Battles in Time issues

Doctor Who – Battles in Time is a fortnightly magazine and card game based on the British television series "Doctor Who".
Issues.
There are 70 issues in total. GE Fabbri have stopped Battles In Time to continue with their new Doctor Who DVD Files project.
Special issues.
SP1. Daleks Vs. Cybermen: Published 16 May 2007. Came With A Special Daleks & Cybermen 18-Card Bonus Set, Exclusive Game Accessories And A TARDIS Deck Tin.
SP2. Invader Special: Published 2007. Came With two Packs Of Invader Cards, The Special "Dalek Blaster" Card And A Battles In Time Card Folder.
SP3. Ultimate Monsters Special: Published 5 March 2008. Came With Four Packs Of Ultimate Monsters Cards.
SP4. Devestator Special: Published 2008. Came With Four Packs Of Devestator Cards And A Poster / Checklist Containing A List Of All 250 Cards.
TSP. Torchwood Collection: A Small Pamphlet Was Given Free Advertising And Describing The Torchwood Card Collection From GE Fabbri; This Is Considered A Special Issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19162254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162254" title="Deacybele">
Deacybele

Deacybele is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Ireland. It was described by Whittington in 1965, and the type species is "Deacybele arenosa", which was originally described under the genus "Calymene" by McCoy in 1846. The type locality was the Avoca Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19162266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162266" title="15 cm SK &quot;Nathan&quot;">
15 cm SK &quot;Nathan&quot;

The 15 cm SK L/45 "Nathan" or, more formally, the 15 cm SK L/45 in Mittelpivot-Lafette (SK - Schnelladekanone (quick loading gun)) 45 caliber on a central-pivot mount was a German railroad gun used in World War I.
Design and history.
The Germans were desperate for long-range artillery in the early part of World War I and resorted to mounting naval guns on wheeled carriages as well as rail cars. The wheeled carriages were less than successful due to their great weight, but the rail-mounted guns rather more so. All of the naval guns received nicknames and were crewed by sailors. The 15 cm guns were called "Nathan", "Nathan Ernst" and "Nathan Emil" although the reason for three different names isn't known for certain. Quite probably they were used to differentiate between models of the 15 cm gun as both the "C/13" and the "C/16" guns are known to have been used. The latter guns were originally intended for the canceled s then under construction while the former were spare guns for dreadnoughts and older light cruisers.
At any rate the 15 cm guns were mounted in a well-base flatcar with two four-wheel bogies. No outriggers were fitted so the recoil energy from shots fired perpendicular to the railroad track could rock the flatcar significantly even with it chained to the ground. They were fitted with front and side gunshields, although, oddly enough, no overhead armor was fitted. They first saw service in 1918 and appear to have been mainly used for coastal defense duties.
It fired naval Spgr. L/5 (Haube) HE shells weighing with of explosive filler. It used the German naval system of ammunition where the base charge was held in a metallic cartridge case and supplemented by another charge in a silk bag which was rammed first.
The same gun was used for coast defense duties in concrete emplacements after World War I as the 15 cm SK L/45.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19162273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162273" title="The Gilded Six Bits">
The Gilded Six Bits

The Gilded Six-Bits is a 1933 short story written by Zora Neale Hurston, who is considered one of the pre-eminent writers of 20th-century African-American history. Hurston was a relative newcomer on the literary scene when this short story was published, but eventually had greater success with her highly acclaimed novel, "Their Eyes Were Watching God". "The Gilded Six-Bits" is now published in Hurston's compilation of short stories entitled Spunk in which it is now considered one of her best stories. "The Gilded Six-Bits" is a story full of love, betrayal, and forgiveness. It portrays the life of two happy newlyweds who both test their relationship and their love for one another when a charismatic outsider comes into their community and into their home. The story embodies Hurston's typical writing style in which it focuses on the common African-American lifestyle, represented by dialect and metaphors, and is set in her native town Eatonville, FL where it reflects the traditions of the community. The Gilded Six-Bits symbolizes the meaning of a true marriage and the truth that lies underneath its meaning.
Plot Summary.
"The Gilded Six-Bits" opens up with the description of a house, in which was described as "It was a Negro yard around a Negro house in a Negro settlement. But there was something happy about that place." The characters are first introduced when Missie May awaits her husband, Joe, who is returning from work on a pay day, where he comes home and tosses silver dollars through the front door for Missie May to pick up. Like always, she pretends to be mad that he is throwing the money and playfully chases him, then goes through his pockets to find a little present that he has bought her.
That night, with the silver dollars placed next to Missie May's plate during dinner, Joe tells her that he is going to take her out to a new ice cream parlor opened by a new rich black man in town from Chicago, who goes by the name of Otis D. Slemmons. To many people in the community, Slemmons is seen as a charismatic and wealthy black man. Joe discusses Mr. Slemmons' fine clothes, all the while Missie May seems to be unimpressed, suggesting that he might be lying about his wealth and success, and stated "Aw, he don't look no better in his clothes than you do in yourn. He got a puzzlegut on 'im and he so chickle-headed, he got a pone behind his neck," which is implying that there is no other man that can be better nor look better than Joe. Joe still believes that Slemmons is still a great man and decides to take Missie May to the ice cream parlor so he can show his beautiful wife off in hopes of meeting Mr. Slemmons.
At the ice cream parlor, Missie May still shows that she is not impressed by the man but shows some keen interest in his wealth. After returning home Joe tells Missie May that although he may not have money like Slemmons, he'd rather be broke as long as he has her. Every week, they make their visit to the ice cream parlor. It's not until one night that Joe gets off work early the test of love is finally revealed. Joe arrives home to find Slemmons in the bed alongside Missie May. Missie May pleads and apologizes to Joe by revealing that the only reason she slept with Slemmons was to get money from him. Joe shows anger by attacking Slemmons, but after he leaves he shows no more signs of anger. The next morning, Joe treats the day as if it was just an ordinary day and asks Missie May why she is not eating breakfast. Missie May cannot understand why Joe does not leave her, but he continues to torture her by carrying around the golden coin Slemmons left behind to symbolize the affair.
Days go by and the couple slowly drifts away until Joe comes home complaining of aches and pains. He asks Missie May to give him a massage and that night they end up sleeping together for the first time in a long time. When Joe gets up that morning, he leaves behind Slemmon's coin, in his attempt to torture her, by paying her for her services. When Missie May examines the coin, she realizes that it is nothing but a gilded half dollar. She realizes that Slemmons was not a rich man after all, but a liar and a fake. At that point, Missie May feels ashamed and embarrassed by throwing all of the happiness away for something that seemed too good to be true.
A few weeks after this event, Missie May finds out that she is pregnant and Joe is not concerned whether the baby is his or not. Fortunately at the end of the story, the baby is born, and after some convincing by his mother, Joe accepts the baby as his. Joe is truly happy and takes the gilded coin to the candy shop to buy his wife some chocolates. That night when he returns home, he continues the tradition between the two, by tossing the silver half dollars to Missie May to symbolize the happiness that is again within the house, and for the first time in a while, they are finally a happy couple again.
Themes, Influences, and Symbols.
The Gilded Six-Bits: The short story was coincidentally published the year the United States went off the gold standard and Franklin D. Roosevelt asked loyal Americans to exchange their gold for silver and paper money. This type of money had significance in the story in which it personifies the character, Otis D. Slemmons as having gold money and symbolizes him being known as a counterfeit. 
Appearance vs. Reality: Hurston dramatizes this theme by portraying that objects are covered to make them better than they are, which can be seen with the gilded half-dollar. Also, people are seen as two faced, which can be seen by both Otis D. Slemmons and Missie May. Marriage is also a disguised form of prostitution, the flexible use of language makes communication impossible, and the double meaning of words functions as the representation of fraud as seen by the six bits. 
Biblical Allusions: In Hosea 1:2, considering the story of Hosea, it is found that the prophet commanded to "marry an adulterous wife" as it can be compared to Hosea and Joe with Gomer and Missie May. As it can be understood, at the end of the story when Joe's mother explains that she never thought he would end up with Missie May because she was liable to go astray as it can be understood with her affair with Slemmons. This can be compared with Hosea and Gomer because Gomer was an adulterous wife and did not remain faithful to her husband. Just as Joe threw silver coins in the house to Missie May, with fifteen shekels and some barley, Hosea attempts to buy back his wife. Also, after the night of the affair, at breakfast Joe tells Missie May she cries too much. He compares her to Lot's wife. He states, "Don't look back lak Lot's wife and turn to salt." 
"Influences from Hurston's own life:" Hurston was married and divorced twice. Her rocky marriage occurred just prior to the writing of "The Gilded Six-Bits" which portrays a marriage full of hatred and infidelity. In the story, Missie's infidelity tests the strength of the marriage with Joe, a marriage which ultimately surpasses its weaknesses. The marriage is spared because, despite Hurston's hardships in her own marriages, she saw marriage as an important foundation capable of providing possibilities in life. "The Gilded Six-Bits" was influenced by her educational endeavors in anthropology and her unsuccessful marriage with Herbert Sheen.
Film.
The movie of the "The Gilded Six-Bits" is based on the actual story of a happy couple whose life is disrupted when a fancy hustler played by Wendell Pierce comes to town enticing Missy Mae played by T'Keyah Crystal Keymah with the promise of gold. Novella Nelson also stars as Mama Banks, Joe's (Chad Coleman) cautious mother. The film aired on the Showtime cable network in February 2001 and was directed by Booker T. Mattison.

</doc>
<doc id="19162275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162275" title="Fun House (Bob &amp; Tom album)">
Fun House (Bob &amp; Tom album)

Fun House is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, first released in August 1997. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19162276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162276" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1936–1939">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1936–1939

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1936 election and the 1939 election, together known as the 16th Parliament. 

</doc>
<doc id="19162277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162277" title="Avro Vulcan XM655">
Avro Vulcan XM655

Avro Vulcan XM655 is one of two remaining taxiable Avro Vulcans. XM655 is currently owned by Wellesbourne Airfield and maintained by the 655 Maintenance & Preservation Society who keep the plane in a taxiable condition.
History.
XM655 was the last Vulcan bar two to be built, and is the youngest surviving example. XM655 initially flew with No.9 Squadron of the RAF, and was also operated by Nos. 44, 50 and 101 Squadrons. In 1984, XM655 was sold off to Roy Jacobsen who intended to keep her airworthy, but the costs proved prohibitive and also the runway was too short for it to take off, and XM655 was left to deteriorate. Title of XM655 then passed onto John Littler, owner of Wellesbourne Mountford Airfield, who intended to get her to a taxiable condition, but not airworthy. 
As well as MaPS maintaining it, the 150 City of Oxford Air Cadets helps to maintain it.
Taxi runs.
After restoration work, XM655 made her first public taxi run at Wellesbourne Mountford Airfield on 16 February 1997, with another two runs later that year. Since then, XM655 has made more or less annual public taxi runs, usually in June, as part of the Wellesbourne Wings and Wheels show. At various of these events, the display of XM655 has been accompanied by flypasts by the BBMF, the Red Arrows and Avro Vulcan XH558.
XM655 is also used by the crews of XH558 as required for currency and ground training when only ground running is required or when XH558 is unavailable due to maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="19162284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162284" title="Dale Daniel">
Dale Daniel

Lisa Dale Daniel is an American country music artist. She has recorded one studio album, "Luck of Our Own". Daniel is the daughter of songwriter Naomi Martin, whose credits include the Grammy nominated "Let's Take the Long Way Around the World" by Ronnie Milsap and "My Eyes Can Only See as Far as You" by Charley Pride. Daniel and Martin also co-wrote the track "Someone to Call Me Darling" on Lorrie Morgan's 1992 album "Watch Me", which also featured Daniel on background vocals.
Daniel made her first recording at age 14, and by 1991, she had joined Moe Bandy's band. Signed to BNA Records (then known as BNA Entertainment) in 1993, she released her Jerry Crutchfield-produced debut album "Luck of Our Own" in March 1994. The album's two singles did not chart, and Daniel never recorded another album. She has not recorded since, although her debut album's title track was covered on Keith Urban's 1999 self-titled album.

</doc>
<doc id="19162302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162302" title="'The Masterwork' Award Winning Fish-Knife">
'The Masterwork' Award Winning Fish-Knife

" 'The Masterwork' Award Winning Fish-Knife" is a 1979 performance sculpture by Paul Richards and Bruce McLean with music by Michael Nyman. The companion album is the second release by Michael Nyman and the first release including the Michael Nyman Band. It was released by "Audio Arts" magazine only on audiocassette, initially in a limited edition of 300 copies, although many more were produced which have the number boxes blank.
The music was performed by the Michael Nyman Band, recorded live in one take and ending in applause at Riverside Studios and edited for the album by William Furlong, "Audio Arts editor-in-chief.
The artwork is a four-part theatre work that "deals with the consequences after the unveiling of the ultimate architectural masterwork, a 'model' for society." The four parts of the work are dance, dramatics, gymnastics, and contemporary sound, including music, dialogue, and noises, with each discipline utilized in a way to emphasize its unique qualities.
The first side of the album is the dialogue sculpture for four voices reducing to one. There are many voices, male and female, as many as four at once, none of whom are identified, but one is Michael Nyman. The voices comment on architecture, social class, welfare, Jimmy Carter, and the nature of art, among other things, often as arrogant or stentorian characters. There are complaints about 'The Masterwork,' particularly by a workaday architect who does not consider himself "slashed" with multiple disciplines. There is also brief mention of a "mirrored fish-knife." This portion of the album is a multitracked, overlaid studio production. 
The second side is Furlong's edit of the music, known as "Masterwork Samples." The music bears "no necessary dramatic relation" to the dramatic structure of the performance sculpture, but the music's exposition is "truncated, short-circuited, accelerated or run continuously where later they may be fragmented." The music is based on permutations of an 8-chord model, including substitutions and interpolations.
The section "The Woman Who Had Everything" develops musical material from Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Sinfonia Concertante for Violin, Viola and Orchestra" K. 364, which Nyman would later use as a basis of material in "Drowning by Numbers". Some of the music also formed the basis for Nyman's "M-Work" on "Michael Nyman", as well as the of the opening titles music for "The Falls".
The cassette cover announces that the world premiere of The Masterwork' Award Winning Fish-Knife" would be given in November, 1979. The 2011 liner notes for the CD release of "Michael Nyman", in the commentary on "M-Work", state that the project never advanced further than this audiocassette release.
Personnel.
No one is credited on the album apart from Nyman, Richards, McLean, and Furlong, a group credit for the Michael Nyman Band, and E. Hallett &. Co. for the printing.

</doc>
<doc id="19162314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162314" title="Quyn Holdings">
Quyn Holdings

Quyn Holdings Limited is a financial services company of South Africa, with head offices in Sandton, a suburb of Johannesburg, in Gauteng. Quyn started in the early 1990s as a small company providing information technology, accounting, insurance, outsourcing, contract labour management, payroll and human resources services. In 1999 Quyn's stock was listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. 
"Quyn" was chosen as the name of the company, as it is the Greek word for "5", after the initial number of shareholders of the company.
Today the company has main branch offices in Sandton, Durban, Richards Bay and Cape Town; and operates international offices in Mozambique and Zambia. Quyn's main corporate divisions include Quyn International Outsourcing, Collier's Financial Services and Collier's Outsourcing Services.

</doc>
<doc id="19162333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162333" title="Margherita Bagni">
Margherita Bagni

Margherita Bagni (21 February 1902 – 2 July 1960) was an Italian actress and voice actress. She appeared in 37 films between 1918 and 1959.
She was born in Turin, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.
Daughter of actors, Bagni entered at very young age the stage company of Ermete Zacconi. After having married Renzo Ricci, in 1925 she formed with him the company Ricci-Bagni. She made her film debut at 15, in "Gli spettri", but her real film career began in mid-1930's. In cinema she was mainly a character actress, and at the same time she was also very active as a voice actress. She also appeared on several television series of great success.
Her daughter Nora was an actress and she also was the first wife of Vittorio Gassman.

</doc>
<doc id="19162342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162342" title="Delocare">
Delocare

Delocare is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany. It was described by Struve in 1958, and the type species is "Delocare boopis", which was originally described under the genus "Cryphaeys" by Richter in 1909. The type locality was in the Eifel mountain range.

</doc>
<doc id="19162349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162349" title="Mel Silver">
Mel Silver

Mel Silver may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19162362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162362" title="English High School">
English High School

English High School can refer to:
Listings on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="19162373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162373" title="Maksym Stoyan">
Maksym Stoyan

Maksym Stoyan (born 19 July 1980 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian footballer defender playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club Desna Chernihiv. He moved from the Ukrainian Second League club Dnipro Cherkasy on 29 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19162386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162386" title="Jorge Miguel Dias Gonçalves">
Jorge Miguel Dias Gonçalves

Jorge Miguel Dias Gonçalves (born 31 October 1983 in Pedroso, Vila Nova de Gaia) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Feirense as a right winger.
Football career.
After having finished his youth career with Leixões SC, Gonçalves went on to have stints with modest clubs before returning to the Matosinhos outfit in 2004. He would be an instrumental part in the club from the very beginning, helping it promote from the second level into the top flight at the end of the 2006–07 season by contributing with 26 games and five goals.
In the 2007–08 campaign Gonçalves scored seven league goals for Leixões – a squad-best – as the team avoided relegation in the last matchday. On 1 September 2008, the last day of the summer transfer deadline, he signed with La Liga side Racing de Santander for €1 million, being rarely used throughout the season.
In June 2009 Gonçalves returned to Portugal, being loaned to Vitória de Guimarães in a season-long move. As the Minho outfit finished in sixth position he was irregularly used, not managing to net once in official matches; he was subsequently released by Racing but stayed in his country, joining S.C. Olhanense.

</doc>
<doc id="19162393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162393" title="The Living Room for Artists">
The Living Room for Artists

The Living Room for Artists exists to both fuel the growth of emerging theatre artists and encourage people of all ages to create and enjoy the live theatre experience. Its annual commitment to emerging theatre artists of all disciplines is represented in open calls for writers, directors, producers, stage managers and designers to work on the Summer Play Festival. It has also partnered with The Donmar Warehouse in creating The Donmar Warehouse Residency Program, a yearly program that provides an opportunity for Festival writers to spend three weeks in residency at London’s famed theatre, where their plays are given a reading. In addition, its relationships with theatre companies in the United States and Europe are being expanded to create opportunities of work, collaboration and networks in New York and throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19162414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162414" title="New York State Restaurant Association v. New York City Board of Health">
New York State Restaurant Association v. New York City Board of Health

New York State Restaurant Association v. New York City Board of Health is a case decided by the Second Circuit United States Court of Appeals. The case arose after New York City passed a law in January 2007 to become the first American city to require restaurant chains to state the number of calories in everything on their menus. The New York State Restaurant Association (NYSRA) sued, arguing infringement of commercial freedom of speech under the First Amendment. The NYSRA also argued that the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act (NLEA) of 1990 and FDA regulations New York's calorie posting regulation. The Second Circuit rejected all of the Restaurant Association's claims and upheld the New York City law. Congressman Henry Waxman, who was the NLEA's chief sponsor, joined an amicus brief in support of New York City's position and was represented by Public Citizen Litigation Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19162437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162437" title="Canned Laughter (album)">
Canned Laughter (album)

Canned Laughter is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in December 1994. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19162443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162443" title="Aglaspis">
Aglaspis

Aglaspis is the type genus of aglaspidid merostomata. These extinct, horseshoe crab-like lived on the seafloor during the Cambrian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19162475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162475" title="Petro Kondratyuk">
Petro Kondratyuk

Petro Kondratyuk (born 21 April 1979 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian footballer midfielder playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club Desna Chernihiv. He moved from the Ukrainian Second League club Dnipro Cherkasy during the 2008-09 summer transfer season.

</doc>
<doc id="19162481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162481" title="Nan McDonald (poet)">
Nan McDonald (poet)

Nan McDonald (1921-1974) was an Australian poet and editor.
Biography.
Born in Eastwood, New South Wales, McDonald went to Hornsby Girls' High School (1934–38), and studied at the University of Sydney (B.A., 1943). She worked as an editor for Angus and Robertson, where she specialized in Australian literature, with colleagues such as Alec Bolton, Beatrice Davis and Douglas Stewart. In 1953 she edited the annual "Anthology of Australian Poetry". McDonald died of cancer on 7 January 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19162486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162486" title="Agent Logic">
Agent Logic

Agent Logic is a software company with headquarters in Northern Virginia.
The company, founded in 1999, is best known for its complex event processing (CEP) software, RulePoint, which combines user-defined logic with multiple sources of data.
Since its inception the company has specialized in delivering real-time intelligence to commercial and U.S. national security initiatives in complex environments. Agent Logic has been recognized as one of two leading vendors in complex event processing for the intelligence services market.
In 2008 Ventana Research awarded the Leadership Award for Operational Intelligence to the United States Coast Guard using Agent Logic.
In 2009 Agent Logic was acquired by Informatica.
Products.
Agent Logic's product suite:

</doc>
<doc id="19162499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162499" title="Workingmen's Party (disambiguation)">
Workingmen's Party (disambiguation)

Workingmen's Party may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19162505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162505" title="James Marcelin">
James Marcelin

James Marcelin (born June 13, 1986 in Saint-Marc) is a Haitian footballer.
Career.
Professional.
Marcelin began his career with Roulado when he was sixteen, helping the team to the Ligue Haïtienne title in 2003, before moving to Racing Club Haïtien in 2007. In 2008, he moved to the Puerto Rico Islanders of the USL First Division, where he saw limited playing time in league games. However, he played heavily in Puerto Rico's 2008-09 CONCACAF Champions League games. In 2009, he became a regular first team starter. On February 11, 2010, the Portland Timbers (USL) of the USSF D2 Pro League signed Marcelin to a one year contract for the 2010 season where he quickly established himself as a first-team regular. He continued with the Timbers when they joined Major League Soccer in 2011, appearing in most games of the season and starting in several.
Marcelin was waived by Portland on April 25, 2012 for 'non soccer related reasons'. He signed with fellow MLS club FC Dallas just over a week later on May 4, 2012 for the rest of the season.He was not picked up for the 2013 season.
International.
In 2006, Marcelin appeared for the Haitian U-21 national team. In 2007 and 2009, Marcelin played for the Haiti national football team at the Gold Cup.
International goals.
James Marcelin was part of the Haiti team which won against Trinidad & Tobago the 2007 Caribbean Nations Cup, and was in the Haiti squad at the 2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup. 
- he was man of the match in Gold Cup 2009 against Grenada at Washington Dc stadium and scored the second goal. He go back to played the World Cup Qualify 2014 and scored two (2) goals,

</doc>
<doc id="19162520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162520" title="Alex Simpson">
Alex Simpson

Alexander Simpson (24 November 1924 – 16 June 2008) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a half back for Notts County, Southampton and Shrewsbury Town in the 1950s.
Playing career.
Early career.
Simpson was born in Glasgow and as a youth played for Benburb before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers in January 1947. He only made two First Division appearances for the Wolves before moving to Third Division (South) Notts County in October 1949. He made 76 appearances for Notts County between 1949 and 1952, scoring on seven occasions and he also collected a Championship medal in 1950.
Southampton.
In November 1952, he was transferred to Second Division Southampton, with Jack Edwards moving to Meadow Lane. According to Holley & Chalk, he "had an excellent temperament" and was made club captain soon after his arrival.
On 28 February 1953, he broke an ankle playing at Brentford. Saints had spent most of the season in the relegation zone, but Simpson's replacement, former club captain Stan Clements was not able to lead the team to safety and they dropped to the Third Division (South) for the first time since 1922.
Simpson recovered in time for the start of the next season, but in October he lost his place to newly arrived Robert McLaughlin. Simpson regained his place for five matches at the end of the season, and in 1954-55 he was initially ever-present, scoring his only goal for the Saints with a header against Reading at The Dell on 2 October 1954. Whilst scoring the goal, he was knocked unconscious, but recovered in time for the next match. In mid-March, he was replaced by Bryn Elliott and in the summer of 1955 he was offered a free transfer. In his three years with the Saints, he made a total of 75 appearances, scoring once.
Later career.
In June 1955, he was transferred to fellow Third Division South side Shrewsbury Town, where he continued to give good service, making over 100 appearances in three years. 
He then returned to the Wolverhampton area, where he joined the family fish and chips business, turning out occasionally for Nuneaton Borough. He later retired to south Devon, and died on 16 June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19162522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162522" title="Rand Steiger">
Rand Steiger

Rand Steiger (b. June 18, 1957 in Queens, New York) is an American composer, conductor, and pedagogue.
Steiger attended the Manhattan School of Music and the California Institute of the Arts, where became a faculty member in 1982. In 1987, he joined the faculty of the University of California San Diego, where he served as chair of the music department from 2006 to 2009.
At UCSD, Steiger was instrumental in overseeing the planning, development, and building of the music school's acclaimed Conrad Prebys Music Center.
In 2009, he was Visiting Professor in the music department at Harvard University.
As a composer, Steiger first won notice in the 1980s for his work "Quintessence". He was a fellow with the Los Angeles Philharmonic from 1987 to 1989, and has had compositions recorded by contemporary classical music ensembles recording for Centaur, CRI, Crystal, New Albion, and New World. His work often features elements of computer music and digital manipulation alongside traditional orchestral forces.
Steiger was the founding artistic director and a member of the California EAR Unit. He has also conducted contemporary ensembles such as the Arditti Quartet, Ensemble Sospeso, La Jolla Symphony, and the New York New Music Ensemble, and has conducted recordings on Einstein, Koch, Mode and Nonesuch.
In 2010 Steiger released a CD/DVD entitled Ecosphere.
The International Contemporary Ensemble premiered his "Coalescence Cycle" on a Composer Portrait concert at Miller Theater in New York in November 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19162523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162523" title="James Arnold (author &amp; artist)">
James Arnold (author &amp; artist)

James Arnold (1909–1999) was an English commercial artist who developed a passion for the wagons that he saw on his cycling tours of the countryside in the pre- and post-War years. He set about producing painstakingly accurate measured drawings and watercolours of all the main regional types that he came across and these he included in a series of books beginning with "The Joyous Wheel" (Hamish Hamilton, 1940) and including "The Farm Waggons of England and Wales" (John Baker, 1969).
Other publications included:
As illustrator:

</doc>
<doc id="19162531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162531" title="Jesse Hunter">
Jesse Hunter

Jesse Hunter (born January 14, 1959 in Shelby County, Tennessee) is an American country music artist. 
Hunter signed to BNA Records in 1994, the same year that he released his Barry Beckett-produced debut album "A Man Like Me". The album produced three chart singles in "Born Ready," "The Way She's Lookin'" and "Long Legged Hannah (From Butte, Montana)," his highest-charting single at No. 42 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. "Born Ready" and "Long Legged Hannah" also charted on the "RPM" country charts in Canada. Michael Hight of "New Country" magazine gave Hunter's debut album a three-and-a-half star rating out of five, comparing his voice to Johnny Cash's and saying "the renegade nature[…]positions him as a folk hero who has lived and learned and is ready to talk about it."

</doc>
<doc id="19162540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162540" title="Rafael Ferrer (Jesuit)">
Rafael Ferrer (Jesuit)

Rafael Ferrer (b. at Valencia, in 1570; d. at San José, Peru, in 1611) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary and explorer.
Life.
His father had intended him for a military career, but he entered the Society of Jesus, and in 1593 was sent to Quito, Ecuador. In 1601 he penetrated the territory of the Cofanis, a tribe hostile to the Spanish Government. Within three years the Indians of several villages were influenced by Christianity, and the surrounding country was opened to colonists.
In 1605, at the command of the viceroy of Quito, Ferrer went among the tribes of the River Napo. He was well received by the Indians, and on this journey which lasted two and a half years, he travelled 3600 miles into the interior, bringing back with him a chart of the basin of the Napo, a map of the country he had explored, and an herbarium which he presented to the viceroy. He was appointed governor and chief magistrate of the Cofanis, and received the title of "Chief of the Missions of the Cofanis". 
After a period of rest at the mission he next journeyed northward from Quito through unexplored forests, and discovered a large lake and the River Pilcomago. In 1610 he returned to his labours among the Indians, bending his energies to the civilization of the few tribes of the Cofanis who were not yet within the range of his influence. He met his death at the hands of the chief of one of these tribes, whom he had compelled to abandon polygam. The murderer was killed in turn by his tribesmen, who were enraged on learning of his deed. 
An extract from Father Ferrer's account of his explorations was published by Detré in the "Lettres Edifiantes", and the same extract was also published by Father Bernard de Bologne in the "Bibliotheca Societatis Jesu", but the original manuscript was lost and has never been published in its entirety. Besides compiling his "Arte de la Lengua Cofana", Father Ferrer translated the catechism and selections from the Gospels for every Sunday in the year into the language of the Cofanis.

</doc>
<doc id="19162561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162561" title="Andrea Bosic">
Andrea Bosic

Andrea Bosic (15 August 1919 – 8 January 2012) was an Italian film actor of Slovene origin. He appeared in 52 films between 1951and 1985, mainly in so-called Spaghetti western. His co-acted with actors as John Phillip Law, Giuliano Gemma, Lee Van Cleef and Ivan Rassimov.
He was born as Ignazio Andrej Božič in Gomilško, now a suburb of Maribor, Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19162567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162567" title="Guadalope River">
Guadalope River

The Guadalope River (Guadalop in Catalan and Aragonese) is a river in Aragon, Spain. It is a tributary of the Ebro (Ebre in Catalan).
Course.
This 160 km long river rises in the Sierra de Gúdar, near Villarroya de los Pinares and Miravete de la Sierra in the Maestrazgo, Aragon. It receives water from rivulets originating in the Sierra de la Cañada and Sierra Carrascosa. Flowing northeastwards its waters fill the Santolea reservoir, then the dam of Calanda, before it enters the Ebro at Caspe.
In addition to the towns mentioned, it also flows through Alcañiz and Civan. Tributaries of the Guadalope include the Bergantes, Fortanete, Bordón and Mezquín on the right side, and the Aliaga River and the Guadalopillo on the left.

</doc>
<doc id="19162586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162586" title="Château de Candé">
Château de Candé

The Château de Candé is a castle located in the commune of Monts, Indre-et-Loire, 10 km (6 mi) to the south of Tours on the border of the département of Indre in France.
The first known Lord of Candé was Macé de Larçay, in 1313. François Briçonnet, the mayor of Tours and state treasurer, purchased the fief in 1499 and built a Renaissance house on the site of the old fortress. He died before the building was finished, and it was completed by his daughter, Jeanne, in 1508. 
Several owners succeeded to the estate, but none brought major transformations to the castle. According to terms of a sale contract dated 28 June 1715 between Georges-François de Guénand, seigneur de l'Étang and Pierre Anguille de la Niverdière, the land consisted of a "château-fort", enclosed walls, ditches, drawbridge, barns, gardens, orchards, vines, mature wood of standing timbers and coppice, wild rabbits, and many other things.
On 24 June 1853, Santiago Drake del Castillo, heir of a wealthy plantation owner, acquired the castle. At this time the northern wing was added, in the neo-gothic style; this tripled the living space. M. Drake del Castllo also founded a free school for some sixty young girls, in the valley between the château and the railway right-of-way.
In 1927, Charles Bedaux, a Franco-American industrial millionaire, and his wife Fern, repurchased the castle with Jean Drake del Castillo, the grandson of Santiago. They carried out substantial work to modernise the castle, such as adding a plumbing system, improving the electrical system and installing central heating in all parts of the building, with 60 tons of pipes installed in the walls. The eight bedrooms are each equipped with a bathroom in the art déco style; all have baths equipped with an American system, making it possible to fill and empty a bathtub in less than one minute. Indoor toilets were also added. Bedaux installed a telephone, which at the time was unique in a French residence; it was directly connected to the exchange in Tours, and therefore required an operator to be present in the castle. 
A golf course with 18 holes, a tennis court, a gymnasium and a solarium were also built at this time.
In 1937, the marriage of the Duke of Windsor (formerly King Edward VIII), and Wallis Simpson took place here. Cecil Beaton took their wedding photos here as well.
On the death of Fern Bedaux in 1972, the castle was bequeathed to the State, which reassigned it to the council of Indre-et-Loire in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19162594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162594" title="Pseudopetalichthys">
Pseudopetalichthys

Pseudopetalichthys problematica is a lightly armored pseudopetalichthyid placoderm from the Hunsrückschiefer Lagerstatte of Early Devonian Germany. The type and only known specimen is an articulated, but incomplete individual consisting of a large, mostly intact, plate-covered head, the bases of the pectoral fins, and most of the vertebral column, with a total length of 15 centimeters. The specimen superficially resembles "Stensioella", though the structures of the mouth, and orbits (the orbits being unknown in "Stensioella"), and placement of the gill rakers all differ.
Some experts suggest that "P. problematica" and the related "Paraplesiobatis" are the same species, suggesting that the differences between them are merely due to different circumstances of taphonomy, but this hypothesis can not be tested until more specimens are found.

</doc>
<doc id="19162596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162596" title="Trevor Carlton">
Trevor Carlton

Monte "Trevor" Carlton (born November 17, 1972) is an American painter of Disney Fine Art. His artwork is prominently displayed at most of the Disney theme parks around the world. However, Trevor is most known for his performance piece in which he paints beloved Disney characters in a matter of minutes, all set to music.
Style.
Carlton’s paintings combine a distressed, wood-like appearance with a fresh, contemporary style. He accomplishes this by first painting a faux wood finish onto normal canvas. Once this is complete, Trevor paints the character and scene over the finish. He ends his process by removing some of the paint with sandpaper. This gives his work a sense of nostalgia, which he considers appropriate for Disney characters.
Quotes.
"I want people to imagine they found my artwork in some old run down movie theater basement. Unpreserved and forgotten, an antique bearing the nostalgia and character that only time can bring."

</doc>
<doc id="19162608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162608" title="Harveys Furniture">
Harveys Furniture

Harveys Furniture is a British retailer specialising in living room and dining room furniture with over 150 stores throughout the United Kingdom. 
History.
Harveys Furniture was founded in the United Kingdom in 1966 with its first store opening in Mare Street, East London. It began as a private company selling textiles and home furnishings.
In 2003/2004 Harveys made the decision to move to a furniture only business, removing all textiles from their product portfolio. The company was acquired by Steinhoff International in 2005 who now wholly own the company. The Steinhoff group owns more than 70 factories across Europe, Africa and Australia which specialise in furniture and household goods.
Between 2004 - 2010 Harveys Furniture specialised in living room, dining room and bedroom furniture. However, in May 2010 the bedroom furniture range was removed from the catalogue and was taken over by Benson for Beds, another Steinhoff owned brand.
Stores.
Harveys are the largest furniture specialist in the UK; currently having more than 150 stores across the United Kingdom.
In the Early hours of Saturday 23rd November 2013, a fire engulfed the Carlisle branch, the cause is being treated as suspicious.

</doc>
<doc id="19162627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162627" title="Cartoon Network (Nordic)">
Cartoon Network (Nordic)

Cartoon Network is a television channel broadcasting youth and children's programmes to Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Iceland. The channel was created in 2000 when it replaced the Pan-European version of Cartoon Network in the region.
Cartoon Network was originally twinned with movie channel TNT in a pan-European version. Cartoon Network ran from 6:00am until 8:00pm CET, with TNT taking over from 8:00pm to 6:00am CET. Some programs on the pan-European feed were dubbed into Norwegian, Swedish and Danish, dubbed locally by companies such as SDI Media Denmark and Dubberman Denmark, for the Danish soundtrack. 
On 16 December 1996, it became a 24-hour channel, as did TNT. However, a version of the channel called "TNT & Cartoon Network" continued to appear on some providers. In 2000, a regional Scandinavian version of Cartoon Network was created, broadcasting in Swedish, Danish and Norwegian.
Most of the programming comes with monophonic English, Swedish, Danish and Norwegian soundtracks. The self-imposed necessity to dub material into three languages takes a heavy toll on the availability of new programs in the feed, which may come late, in smaller amount or not come at all. Existing programming is heavily recycled. The feed has seen an upsurge of commercial advertising in recent years, despite being distributed only on pay-TV. Most of the commercials and announcements on English soundtrack are nevertheless in Swedish, Danish and Norwegian.
In mid-May 2006, the Cartoon Network logo was changed from the original logo to the British one, as well as the pre-show idents and promos were changed to the British style. The Boomerang block was removed but most of its program content still remains in the channel.
In mid-May 2009, the idents and promos once again changed, now consisting of arrows, flying in and out of the Cartoon Network Logo.
In early 2011, the logo and idents were changed to the ones currently shown on the American Cartoon Network.
In Sweden, from October 1, 2012 there are local Swedish commercials on the channel instead of the pan-Nordic feed seen in the other countries.
Since November 1, 2013 Cartoon Network started to air in 16:9 (Widescreen).
Although the channel broadcasts around the clock, some distributors only broadcast the channel between 6:00am. and 9:00pm, with Turner Classic Movies filling the remainder of the schedule. Distributors who only broadcast the partial version include Viasat, Telia Digital-tv and many smaller analogue cable systems.
The channel is not available in Finnish audio but some of the programs on the channel are available in Finnish or English audio on other channels such as MTV3, Sub Juniori, Sub,and Nelonen.
Current programming blocks.
"Cartoon Network Classics".
Mainly shows Cartoon Cartoons, along with other programming dropped from the main schedule. It airs at 2:00am CET, to 4:00am CET. The block is not advertised, and does not have any special bumpers. It also lacks commercials.
Past programming blocks.
"Toonami".
Similar to its American and British counterpart, this block mainly showcased action-orientated cartoons. However, not much anime was shown, and rather focused on using the network's original content. Shows that were shown included Samurai Jack, Batman of the Future, , The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest, Justice League, Beyblade and Megas XLR.
"Boomerang".
Would usually air older content, such as Looney Tunes, Merrie Melodies, Tom and Jerry, and various Hanna–Barbera cartoons. When it was removed, its content was spread around the schedule, but over the years, the shows have either been removed, or has been moved to Boomerang.
"My CN".
Each week, the viewers were given a chance to vote on two different shows via the network's website. The show with the most votes aired at 8:10am CET, both on Saturdays and Sundays. The show also gave the chance for the viewers to become the host, regardless if they live in Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Finland, or Iceland. However, if, for example, a Swedish host was chosen as a host, the host was dubbed into other languages for the other soundtracks.
The block is currently defunct, but is still advertised on the network's website.

</doc>
<doc id="19162634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162634" title="Wayob">
Wayob

Wayob is the plural form of "way" (or "uay"), a Maya word with a basic meaning of 'sleep(ing)', but which in Yucatec Maya is a term specifically denoting the Mesoamerican nagual, that is, a person who can transform into an animal while asleep in order to do harm, or else the resulting animal transformation itself. Already in Classic Mayan belief, "way" animals, identifiable by a special hieroglyph, had an important role to play.
"Wayob" in Maya ethnography.
In Yucatec ethnography, the animal transformation involved is usually a common domestic or domesticated animal, but may also be a ghost or apparition, for example 'a creature with wings of straw mats'. Moreover, in the 16th century, wild animals such as jaguar and grey fox are mentioned as animal shapes of the sorcerer, together with the "ah uaay xibalba" or 'underworld transformer'. Some sort of 'devil's pact' seems to be implied. The Yucatec "way" has its counterparts among other Mayan groups. In Tzotzil ethnography, the "way" (here called "wayohel") is more often an animal companion and refers not only to domestic animals, but also to igneous powers such as meteor and lightning. In Tzeltal Cancuc, the "nagual" animal companion is considered a 'caster of disease'.
"Wayob" in the Classic Period.
A Classic Maya hieroglyph is read as "way" ("wa-ya") by Houston and Stuart. These authors assert that a glyph representing a stylised, frontal 'Ahau' (Ajaw) face half covered by a jaguar-pelt represents the "way", with syllabic "wa" and "ya" elements attached to the main sign clarifying its meaning. Many "way" animals are distinguished by (i) a shoulder cape or scarf tied in front; (ii) a splashing of jaguar spots or other jaguar characteristics; (iii) the attribute of an upturned 'jar of darkness'; and (iv) fire elements. 
The Classic "wayob" include a far wider array of shapes than the 20th-century ones from Yucatán (insofar as the latter have been reported), with specific names assigned to each of them. They include not only many mammals (especially jaguars) and birds, but also apparitions and spooks: hybrids of deer and spider monkey, walking skeletons, a self-decapitating man, a young man within a fire, etc. The animal "wayob" are likely to be transformative shapes of human beings, the walking skeletons (Maya Death Gods) more particularly of the "ah uaay xibalba" transformers.
Various "wayob" are explicitly associated with the taking of heads and with human sacrifice. Iconographic and hieroglyphic references to fire could suggest their involvement in disease-casting ('fire' can also mean 'fever'). The 'jar of darkness', with its escaping snakes and insects, could be interpreted in a similar way.
At times, the name of the "way" is followed by an 'emblem glyph' giving the name of a specific Maya kingdom (or perhaps its ruling family). The skeletal "way" prominent on a Tonina stucco wall carries the severed head of a defeated opponent.

</doc>
<doc id="19162636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162636" title="Yuriy Fedosenko">
Yuriy Fedosenko

Yuriy Fedosenko (born 10 May 1989 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian footballer midfielder playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club Desna Chernihiv. He moved from the Ukrainian First League club Helios Kharkiv during the 2008–09 summer transfer season.

</doc>
<doc id="19162664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162664" title="Sailing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 470">
Sailing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's 470

The Women's 470 Class Competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics was held from July 27 to August 4, 1992 in Barcelona, Spain. Points were awarded for placement in each race. The best six out of seven race scores did count for the final placement.

</doc>
<doc id="19162668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162668" title="Daily Star (DC Comics)">
Daily Star (DC Comics)

The Daily Star was a fictional broadsheet newspaper that appeared in Superman stories published by DC Comics between 1938 and 1986. The "Daily Star" was based in Metropolis and employed Clark Kent, Lois Lane, and Jimmy Olsen; its chief editor was George Taylor.
In the comics, the newspaper was located in the heart of Metropolis. The "Daily Star" building's most distinguishing feature was the enormous star that sat on top of the building.
History.
Superman co-creator Joe Shuster named the "Daily Star" after the "Toronto Daily Star" in Ontario, which had been the newspaper that Shuster's parents received and for which Shuster had worked as a paperboy. (Called the "Evening Star" prior to 1899, the "Toronto Daily Star" is now known simply as the "Toronto Star".)
"I have very fond memories of the Toronto Star," Shuster told "Star" reporter Henry Mietkiewicz for a story that ran on April 26, 1992, three months before Shuster died in Los Angeles. "I still remember drawing one of the earliest panels that showed the newspaper building. We needed a name, and I spontaneously remembered the "Toronto Star". So that's the way I lettered it. I decided to do it that way on the spur of the moment, because the "Star" was such a great influence on my life." 
Golden Age.
When Superman first appeared in comics, in June 1938's "Action Comics" #1, his alter ego, Clark Kent, worked for the "large metropolitan daily" newspaper (Action #7, Dec 1938) the "Daily Star" under editor George Taylor ("Superman" #2, Fall 1939). With the exception of "Action Comics" #2, when Kent (and Taylor) inexplicably worked for the "Cleveland Evening News", the above arrangement remained unchanged through March 1940 ("Action" #22).
Kent apparently had persuaded Taylor to hire him only shortly before the first issue of "Action" by phoning in an exclusive account of Superman's first public act—thwarting an attempted lynching at the county jail ("Superman" #1, Summer 1939). Before long, Kent was referred to as the paper's "ace scribe" ("Action" #9, Feb 1939) and "ace reporter" ("Action" #6, Nov 1938). He often butted heads with Lois Lane, an aggressive, career-minded journalist who'd started as the "Daily Star"'s "sob sister" ("Action" #7, Dec 1938) and "lovelorn editor" before earning her stripes as a full-fledged "news reporter" ("Superman" #3, Winter 1940) and war correspondent in Europe ("Action" #22, Mar 1940).
Then, in Spring 1940 ("Action" #23), without any in-story explanation, the newspaper suddenly was referred to as the "Daily Planet", an especially amusing development for Kent and Lane, who were abroad and in the midst of a multi-issue storyline when their place of employment changed names (the alteration had been made earlier in the newspaper comic strip, with Nov 13, 1939's #259). In reality, the fictional newspaper's name was changed to avoid a name conflict with actual papers that had "Star" in their titles.
George Taylor remained the editor ("Action" #25, June '40) through November 1940 ("Action" #30), after which new "Daily Planet" editor Perry White inexplicably appeared ("Superman" #7, November-December 1940). Kent and Lane made no reference to the management change, though they clearly were not as enamored of White as they'd been of Taylor.
Silver and Bronze Ages.
When DC Comics made use of its multiverse means of continuity tracking between the early 1960s and mid-1980s, it was declared that the "Daily Star"--edited by George Taylor—was the workplace of the Golden Age or "Earth-Two" Clark Kent, Lois Lane and office boy-turned-cub reporter Jimmy Olsen, while the "Daily Planet"--edited by Perry White—was unique to their Silver Age or "Earth-One" counterparts.
In the Silver Age continuity, Perry White was promoted to editor-in-chief upon the retirement of the Earth-One version of George Taylor (this took place while Clark Kent was in college). The Perry White of Earth-Two, however, was a lead reporter for the "Daily Star" and "filled in" as editor from time to time when Taylor was away.
Clark Kent of Earth-2 advanced his reporting career to become Lead Investigative Reporter for the "Daily Star". But, always mindful of his dual persona, he largely maintained a retiring manner. In the meantime, Kent (and Superman) befriended Jimmy Olsen, who'd started as a pre-teen office boy at the "Daily Star" in the 1930s but became a cub reporter when he published the story of Superman's defeat of the Archer ("Superman" #13).
In the late 1940s, would-be crime lord Colonel Future challenged the Wizard, a rumored sorcerer, to eliminate the Man of Steel. The Wizard cast a spell to rid the world of Superman, but merely made Clark repress the memory of his alter ego. As a result, Kent became an aggressive, crusading reporter who won the heart—and hand—of Lois Lane. But when she discovered Clark's secret on their honeymoon, Lois tracked down the Wizard and made him reverse the spell. ("Action Comics" #484.)
George Taylor retired in the early 1950s, and Kent was selected over Perry White as the new Editor-in-Chief of the "Daily Star". Lois Lane-Kent was promoted to Lead Investigative Reporter while James Olsen became a managing editor.
When, in the mid-1980s, the multiverse collapsed into a single new universe ("Crisis on Infinite Earths" #10), the history and most of the people of Earth-2 were wiped from existence. However, Lois Lane-Kent was saved from the universal reboot and went with her husband to live in a pocket dimension ("Crisis on Infinite Earths" #12).
Modern Age.
In the post-Crisis universe, the Daily Star is occasionally mentioned, suggesting it is a separate newspaper.
For nearly twenty years, Superman was content in the "paradise" dimension until Lois fell ill ("Infinite Crisis Secret Files 2006"). Believing that seeing home would revitalize her, Superman built a replica of the "Daily Star" building. This failed to help, however. When Lois finally died, she told her husband that she was happy to have lived such a long life.
In week 38 of "52", it is implied that the Star is owned by Lex Luthor, or at the very least, is highly sympathetic to him, and skeptical of metahumans.
The New 52.
In The New 52 relaunch of "Action Comics", set 5 years in the past, Clark works for the Daily Star under Taylor, while Lois and Jimmy work for Star's competitor, The Daily Planet. Whereas in the "Superman" comic set in present day he works at the Daily Planet with Jimmy and Lois.

</doc>
<doc id="19162670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162670" title="France in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996">
France in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996

France continued to participate at the Eurovision Song Contest, participating at the 1996 contest, held in Oslo, Norway.
France Télévisions, the French broadcaster, internally selected Dan Ar Braz & L'Héritage des Celtes to represent the country, singing Diwanit Bugale (May The Children Be Born), a song in the Breton language. this was the first time that Breton was sung at Eurovision, and the first time since 1993 that the French entry was not sung in French.
At Eurovision.
At Eurovision, Braz and L'Héritage des Celtes performed 13th, following host country Norway and preceding Slovenia. At the close of the voting they had received 18 points, placing 19th of 23.

</doc>
<doc id="19162701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162701" title="Tokyo Gore Police">
Tokyo Gore Police

"Tokyo Gore Police" was released to several film festivals in North America. It received generally positive reviews, noting that it lives up to its title by being gory, perverse and bizarre.
Plot.
The film is set in a near future chaotic Japan. A mad scientist known as "Key Man" has created a virus that mutates humans into monstrous creatures called "Engineers" that sprout bizarre weapons from any injury. The Tokyo Police Force has been privatized to deal with this new threat of engineers, so a special squad of officers called "Engineer Hunters" are created to deal with them. However, unlike the average police force, the Engineer Hunters are a private quasi-military force that utilize violence, sadism, and streetside executions to maintain law and order.
Helping the police force is Ruka, a troubled loner who is very skilled in dispatching the Engineers. Along with helping the police, she is looking for the killer of her father, an old-fashioned officer who was murdered in broad daylight by a mysterious assassin. Ruka soon receives a new case to hunt down Key Man, but once she encounters him, he infects her by inserting a key-shaped tumor into her scar-riddled left forearm before disappearing. Meanwhile, after an infected police officer massacres the main precinct, the Tokyo police chief (Yukihide Benny) orders a city-wide crackdown on Engineers — indiscriminately executing anyone suspected of being one.
While continuing her investigation, Ruka visits Key Man's home, where he reveals the truth about their past. His father was a police sniper who resigned after a sniping operation gone wrong. Desperate to keep his family out of poverty, he was paid to assassinate Ruka's father, who was leading a rally against the privatization of the police force. But shortly after gunning down Ruka's father before her eyes, he was murdered by the police chief — the real mastermind of the assassination — in front of Key Man. Swearing to avenge his father's death, he injected himself with the DNA of several infamous criminals, mutating him into his present form. After realizing that she and Key Man are seeking vengeance on the same man, Ruka slices him in half with her katana before heading back to the precinct. On her way, she witnesses the police force brutalizing civilians accused of being Engineers. When her bar owner friend is drawn and quartered, Ruka's left arm mutates into an alien-like head with razor-sharp claws before she beheads the officers behind the execution. During her rampage, she is shot in the right eye, but her body quickly replaces it with a cybernetic eye. She confronts the police chief, who admits to her father's assassination, but explains that he raised her to become the perfect Engineer Hunter as atonement. Following a grueling sword fight, Ruka decapitates the police chief — effectively bringing down his reign on the police force.
During the end credits, it is revealed that Key Man is still alive, having mended himself back into one piece with the help of one of his test subjects.
Production.
While working on special effects for Noboru Iguchi's "The Machine Girl", Yoshihiro Nishimura was asked by Media Blasters if he wanted to do another film. Nishimura decided to make "Tokyo Gore Police", a remake of an independent film that he made many years before called "Anatomia Extinction" which received the Special Jury Award in the Off Theatre competition at the 1995 Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival. Shot and completed in just two weeks, "Tokyo Gore Police" would be Nishumura's first commercial film.
The fight choreographer for the film was Taku Sakaguchi who Nishimura has worked with previously on the film "Meatball Machine". The comical yet satirical television commercial scenes in the film were filmed by Noboru Iguchi and Yūdai Yamaguchi. Yamaguchi suggested this to bring a different flavor to the film to balance out the rest of the film's more dark tone.
Release.
"Tokyo Gore Police" premiered in several film festivals before being released in Japan. The film had its North American premiere at the New York Asian Film Festival on June 21, 2008. The film premiered in Canada at the Fantasia Festival on July 12, 2008. The film has its Asian premiere at the Puchon International Fantastic Film Festival in July 2008.
A Region 1 DVD of the film was released on January 13, 2009 by Tokyo Shock A Region 2 DVD of the film was released on April 13, 2009 by 4Digital Media.
A straight to video prequel has been announced for release in Japan.
Critical reception.
"Tokyo Gore Police" was received well by American critics on its original release. The film ranking website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 90% "Fresh" rating and an average rating of 6.4 out of 10, based upon a sample of ten reviews. Brian Chen reviewed Police with a score of 3.5/5. He comments, "It's not a horrible film; it's not a great film; it's just everything it tries to be — perverse, grotesque, bizarre — and a little more." V.A. Musetto of the "New York Post" gave the film three stars out of four calling the film "bloody good". Michael Esposito of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film three stars noting the film as "sick, twisted and gory, but surprisingly funny in an adolescent boy fantasy way — "Beavis and Butt-Head" would love it."
Russel Edwards of "Variety" claimed, "Like Tokyo Shock's recent ""Machine Girl"," for which helmer provided gore effects, pic[ture will fleetingly exist in midnight sidebars at fests and much longer on fanboy ancillary." Edwards also said that "Tokyo Gore Police" had "occasionally witty moments, but the relentless catalog of mutilations lacks the emotional power of similar fare in pics by, say, fellow Japanese gorehound Shinya Tsukomoto ."

</doc>
<doc id="19162714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162714" title="Wesley Woods">
Wesley Woods

Wesley Woods was founded in 1954 by leaders of the North Georgia Conference of the United Methodist Church and Emory University to provide care for seniors unable to care for themselves. The Center began its affiliation with Emory’s Robert W. Woodruff Health Sciences Center in the 1980s formalizing its tie with the University. In the late 1990s, that affiliation grew stronger and led to an agreement under which nearby Wesley Woods Center came under Emory’s umbrella. Out of this grew the Wesley Woods Center of Emory University, with interdisciplinary training, research and treatment programs for geriatric care.
Located a mile and a half from Emory University Hospital on a wooded campus in Atlanta’s Druid Hills neighborhood, Wesley Woods Center comprises Wesley Woods Geriatric Hospital, Wesley Woods Long Term Hospital, Wesley Woods Outpatient Clinic, Budd Terrace nursing care facility, Wesley Woods Towers and the Wesley Woods Health Center. One of only a handful of geriatric centers in the United States Wesley Woods Center and the dedicated staff provide care to older adults throughout Georgia and the Southeast.
Wesley Woods Center provides care and research and has a hand in developing how senior care will be provided in the future not just in Georgia, but throughout the country.
Campus.
Wesley Woods Towers.
The first building to open was Wesley Woods Towers in 1965. One of only a few retirement living options in the area at the time, the Towers were the first round buildings constructed in Atlanta. The round shape of each building allows the 201 apartments to be organized into “neighborhoods,” providing the residents a sense of community.
Wesley Woods Senior Living, Inc..
As the retirement housing division of Wesley Woods, Wesley Woods Senior Living, Inc. and affiliates owns and manages the sister communities of Wesley Woods providing independent apartment and cottage living, assisted living, nursing care and Alzheimer’s care at eight locations throughout North Georgia. It is affiliated with both the North Georgia Conference of the United Methodist Church and Wesley Woods Center. A non-profit organization, Wesley Woods Senior Living communities provide comprehensive, regionally oriented programs and serve as training and research facilities to address important health issues associated with aging.
Wesley Woods Health Center.
As time passed, Wesley Woods’ leadership recognized that skilled nursing care would be a pressing need for its residents living in the Towers as well as in the surrounding community. Out of that need grew the Wesley Woods Health Center, which was completed in 1967. The Health Center provided skilled nursing care and treatment to restore patients to their former living arrangements, as well as long-term care for patients unable to return home. The Health Center was home to a number of prominent Atlantans, including Lena Fox whose life served as a basis for a play and subsequently, the movie “Driving Miss Daisy.”
The building is now home to the Emory Center for Health in Aging, an interdisciplinary training and research center used by the Emory Schools of Medicine, Nursing and Public Health. Through the Emory Center for Health in Aging, Wesley Woods Center and Emory University are working together along with 19 other academic medical facilities throughout the United States to develop teaching methods for future geriatricians.
The Health Center is also home to Emory researchers focusing on movement disorders, Alzheimer’s disease and neurology. In 2007, a research neuro-imaging center was constructed on the second floor of the building to assist Emory scientists in these areas of research. Other clinics in the building include the Fuqua Center for Late-Life Depression, the Emory Sleep Center, an outpatient geriatric psychiatry practice and a geriatric dentist. At any one time, there are more than 150 physicians, researchers and/or nurses working together to discover new treatments, provide care and develop new medical techniques for seniors.
Budd Terrace Nursing Care Facility.
As the campus continued to develop, leadership decided an intermediate-care facility was needed. Budd Terrace, named in honor of Dr. Candler Budd, one of those responsible for bringing to fruition a ministry to older adults in the North Georgia Conference, was opened as an assisted living facility in 1972. Built to accommodate 200 people, it became one of the first free standing, intermediate-care units in the Southeast.
Budd Terrace provides long-term care and sub-acute care to Atlanta seniors. The facility has been undergoing renovations over the past few years. In 2006, inpatient hospice services were added to the list of services offered at Budd Terrace.
Geriatric Hospital.
In September 1985, ground was broken for the $20 million, 100-bed Geriatric Teaching and Research Hospital. This was the first free-standing geriatric hospital in the nation. The stated goals of the hospital are to diagnose and treat medical and psychiatric disorders affecting older adults, to develop models for geriatric services and educational resources and to broaden Wesley Woods’ commitment to charitable care.
The prize-winning architectural design for the geriatric hospital creates a non-institutional feel, with low exterior lines topped with gabled roofs and each patient room opening onto a living-room-like space. The two-story hospital features an outpatient clinic, in-patient and out-patient rehabilitation services, long term acute care, a medical unit and two secure inpatient psychiatric units.
The Foundation.
Each year, Wesley Woods provides millions of dollars worth of unreimbursed care with support from donors and foundations. The Foundation of Wesley Woods was created to help ensure that health care services remain available to seniors in Georgia. The foundation works to make possible health, comfort and dignity in the lives of older, poorer adults, and for those whose health problems have left them physically and financially depleted, and for those who are alone.
The funds raised for charitable care have replaced reimbursement shortfalls and allowed older adults who are unable to pay for treatment to continue to receive care. The Foundation has provided funds for the upkeep and renovation of the retirement communities. They also enable the Foundation to provide special care for patients suffering from Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease and age-related depression.

</doc>
<doc id="19162718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162718" title="Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift America">
Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift America

Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift America Inc. ("MCFA"), headquartered in Houston, Texas is a manufacturer and distributor of material handling equipment and parts under the Mitsubishi Forklift Trucks, Cat Lift Trucks and Jungheinrich brand names. MCFA also owns the rights to Towmotor brand name, but does not manufacture under it. MCFA is ISO 9001-2000 certified and has obtained compliance certification from the California Air Resources Board (CARB). MCFA provides a full line of forklifts with complete sales and product support through more than 600 dealer locations throughout the United States, Canada and Latin America.
The company's . facility in Houston is located on of land and employs 600 workers, capable of producing over 25,000 forklifts per annum.
MCFA is a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and one of the worldwide MCF group of companies: 
Each group, with the exception of MCFS, is responsible for design engineering, manufacturing and marketing the product lines and handling parts distribution in their respective regions.
History.
Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift America Inc. (MCFA) was formed through a joint venture in 1992 between two major companies, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. (MHI) and Caterpillar Industrial Inc. (CII). Jungheinrich Forklifts joined this partnership on January 1, 2010 through a manufacturing and distribution agreement with MCFA.

</doc>
<doc id="19162722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162722" title="FC Gold Pride">
FC Gold Pride

FC Gold Pride was an American professional soccer club based in Santa Clara, California which participated in Women's Professional Soccer. The club replaced the San Jose CyberRays of the defunct Women's United Soccer Association as the top-level women's soccer team in the San Francisco Bay Area. FC Gold Pride moved to its final home of Pioneer Stadium on the campus of CSU East Bay in June 2010 after opening their 2010 home schedule at the Castro Valley High School Athletic Stadium. The club ceased operations in November 2010 after struggling financially and being unable to find new investors.
Team history.
Founding.
FC Gold Pride was founded on 3 September 2008 as the seventh and final team to join the new top tier Women's Professional Soccer league. The team is owned by a group led by Brian and Nancy NeSmith, the former being the CEO of Sunnyvale-based internet technology company Blue Coat Systems. Former San Jose Clash midfielder and local youth coach Albertin Montoya was named the team's first head coach, while former CyberRays and Brazilian National Team player Sissi was announced as the first assistant coach for FC Gold Pride on 29 September 2008.
On 13 November 2008, the team's home venue was revealed to be Buck Shaw Stadium in Santa Clara, which it shares with San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer as well as the Santa Clara University soccer teams. The team revealed its official name and logo (FC Gold Pride) to the public for the first time on 19 November 2008.
On 16 September 2008, the initial WPS player allocation was conducted, which consisted of U.S. Women's National Team players. Nicole Barnhart, Leslie Osborne and Rachel Buehler were allocated to FC Gold Pride. On 24 September 2008, a further four players were allocated to the Bay Area via the 2008 WPS International Draft. The allocated players were strikers Christine Sinclair (Canada) and Eriko Arakawa (Japan), along with two Brazilians, midfielder Formiga and defender Érika. The Pride signed a one-year deal with Formiga in February 2009, as well as Arakawa, post-draft discovery pick Adriane (Brazil), Érika, and Sinclair.
At the 2009 WPS Draft, FC Gold Pride drafted three former college stars: UCLA midfielder Christina DiMartino, Notre Dame defender Carrie Dew, and Penn State forward Tiffany Weimer. Also amongst the 2009 draftees was former United States national team star Brandi Chastain.
2009 WPS season.
FC Gold Pride won their inaugural WPS game against the Boston Breakers on April 5, 2009. The club remained in strong contention until defender Kandace Wilson was injured during a home game against the Los Angeles Sol. After that, FC Gold Pride's second loss at the hands of the Washington Freedom marked the beginning of the club's slide to the bottom of the WPS rankings, where it would remain for the rest of the season. The club's transactions in the wake of Wilson's injury included signing Los Angeles Sol draftee Greer Barnes, elevating developmental player Marisa Abegg to the full roster, and returning Sissi to the field as a player. 
In the end, FC Gold Pride failed to make the 2009 Women's Professional Soccer Playoffs, after a must-win game against the Saint Louis Athletica ended in a 1-1 draw. The club finally snapped its ten-game winless streak with a final 3-2 win against the Washington Freedom on August 1, 2009. However, a last loss to Sky Blue FC and a tie with Saint Louis Athletica did not allow FC Gold Pride to avoid finishing last in the WPS standings.
2009-2010 Off-season moves.
The only player FC Gold Pride lost to the 2009 WPS Expansion Draft was defender Leigh Ann Robinson, chosen by the Atlanta Beat. Over the course of the offseason, the club traded Allison Whitworth to the Atlanta Beat, and released several players, including team captain Leslie Osborne, leading assist-getter Tiffany Weimer, Eriko Arakawa, Formiga, and Brandi Chastain. Osborne and Weimer would later join the Boston Breakers, and Formiga was taken by the Chicago Red Stars. The club signed Niki Cross (later to rejoin her first WPS club, Saint Louis Athletica), and Candace Chapman. After scouting the 2009 UEFA Women's Championship, the club signed Norwegian international Solveig Gulbrandsen.
In what was considered a major coup, FC Gold Pride signed Los Angeles Sol player Camille Abily, trading midfielder Christina DiMartino, FC Gold Pride's top 2009 WPS Draft pick, to Los Angeles. The club also had a successful 2010 WPS Draft, drafting 2009 Hermann Trophy winner Kelley O'Hara, New Zealand international Ali Riley, and 2008 U-20 World Cup champions Becky Edwards and Kaley Fountain, among others. 
The Los Angeles Sol ceased operations not long afterwards; in the ensuing 2010 WPS Dispersal Draft, FC Gold Pride acquired Marta, Kiki Bosio, and Lindsay Browne. Another Los Angeles Sol player, Brittany Cameron, was also signed separately as a free agent.
2010 Season.
FC Gold Pride started fast and kept its momentum running throughout the 2010 season. Despite the departure of Solveig Gulbrandsen and trading Kaley Fountain to the Atlanta Beat, the Pride dominated the league's regular season and on September 26, 2010, won their first WPS Championship by defeating the Philadelphia Independence, 4-0. Three members of the team garnered end of season honors: Marta was named Player of the Year and won the Golden Boot, both for the second consecutive season; Nicole Barnhart was named Goalkeeper of the Year; and Ali Riley was named Rookie of the Year. After the close of the 2010 season it was revealed on November 16, 2010 that FC Gold Pride had folded and would not be returning for the 2011 season.
Players.
Former notable players.
"See also All-time FC Gold Pride roster"
General managers.
Director of Ticket Sales - James Martin
Manager of Soccer Programs - Zach Bunton

</doc>
<doc id="19162729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162729" title="Karl Wilhelm von Meister">
Karl Wilhelm von Meister

Karl Wilhelm von Meister (* February 3, 1863 in Frankfurt am Main; † February 14, 1935 in Geneva) was a German politician and diplomat.
Life and work.
Meister was born as the eldest son of Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Meister, one of the co-founders of Hoechst AG and his wife Marie née Becker. Meister went to school at the Lessing-Gymnasium in Frankfurt and later studied law at the University of Bonn and at the Humboldt University of Berlin. He earned a doctorate in law at Heidelberg University in 1886. From 1892 to 1894 he was district administrator of the newly created Hoechst District. 1895 he was nominated district administrator of the District of Obertaunus where he remained until 1903. After leaving this post he worked from 1902 until 1905 in Berlin and later from 1905 until 1919 as district president of Wiesbaden.
On June 1, 1919 Meister resigned after the French administrator demanded he subdued to the separatist government.
From 1919 to 1926 he was member of the supervisory board of Farbwerke Hoechst and from 1926 to 1935 of I.G. Farben AG.

</doc>
<doc id="19162732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162732" title="Subnetwork connection protection">
Subnetwork connection protection

In telecommunications, subnetwork connection protection (SNCP), is a type of protection mechanism associated with synchronous optical networks such as synchronous digital hierarchy (SDH).
SNCP is a dedicated (1+1) protection mechanism for SDH network spans which may be deployed in ring, point to point or mesh topologies.
It is complementary to Multiplex Section Protection (MSP), applied to physical handover interfaces; which offers 1+1 protection of the handover.
An alternative to SNCP is Multiplex Section Shared Protection Rings or MS-SPRings, which offers a shared protection mode.
SNCP's functional equivalent in SONET is called UPSR 
SubNetwork Connection Protection is a per path protection. It follows the principle of Congruent Sending Selective Receive, i.e., Signal is sent on both paths but received only where the Signal Strength is best. When the working path for Signal receiving is cut, the receiver detects SD (Signal Degradation) and the receiver of the other path becomes active.
SNCP is a network protection mechanism for SDH networks providing path protection (end-to-end protection). The data signal is transmitted in a ring structure via two different paths and can be implemented in line or ring structures. The changeover criteria are specified individually when configuring a network element. A protection protocol is not required. The switchover to protection path occurs in the non-revertive mode, i.e. if traffic was switched to the protection path due to a transmission fault, there is no automatic switch-back to the original path once the fault is rectified, but only if there is a fault on the new path (the one labeled as “protecting” and currently services traffic).
SNCP is a 1+1 protection scheme (one working and one protection transport entity). Input traffic is broadcast in two routes (one being the normal working route and the second one being the protection route).
Assume a failure free state for a path from a node B to a node A. Node B bridges the signal destined to A from other nodes on the ring, both on working and protecting routes. At node A, signals from these two routes are continuously monitored for path layer defects and the better quality signal is selected.
Now consider a failure state where fiber between node A and node B is cut. The selector switches traffic on the standby route when the active route between node A and node B is failed.
In order to prevent any unnecessary or spurious protection switching in the presence of bit errors on both paths, a switch will typically occur when the quality of the alternate path exceeds that of the current working path by some threshold (e.g., an order of magnitude better BER). Consecutively, any case of failure drops in SNCP’s decision mechanism.
References.
Standards: ITU-T G.841

</doc>
<doc id="19162738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162738" title="Šest dana juna (album)">
Šest dana juna (album)

Šest dana juna is the soundtrack album for the movie with the same title. It was the last Idoli release.
History.
After the Ljubljana show in 1984 Idoli decided to split up. In the meantime, Jugoton asked Vlada Divljan to work with Idoli on the soundtrack album for Dinko Tucaković's movie "Šest dana juna". Divljan agreed to write the music, but he insisted to record it separately from other Idoli members who would record their parts.
The album was released in 1985 and credited as an Idoli album. The musicians involved with the project were Idoli members Srđan Šaper (vocals), Kokan Popović (drums), both bassists Zdenko Kolar and Branko Isaković and guests Piko Stančić and Boban Đorđević (both on drums), keyboardists Đorđe Petrović and Dragan Ilić, guitarist Dragomir Mihajlović Gagi and saxophonist Vuk Vujačić. The script demanded one chanson and one folk music number, so Mišo Kovač and Jahija Gračanlić (also known as the Cosmic Bosnian) appeared on the album and in the movie with the tracks "Da je duži moj dan" and "Ja je zovem meni da se vrati". The rest of the tracks were Idoli songs except "Samo me gledaj i budi tu", which is a cover of Gilbert Becaud's hit, “Je t'appartiens.”
Since the movie is set in the 1960s, the band recorded tracks at various locations to get the music similar to the sixties sound. Instrumental tracks on the album are a short acoustic intro "Mala tema filma", "Tema groblja" (which is done in a gothic vocal manner) and "Tema fabrike" (an instrumental version of the "Čokolada" track "Udri bogataša"), "Ljubavna tema" and "Bluz". The most notable tracks are "Ona to zna" and "Ljubavi" released on a single given away as a present with a copy of "Džuboks" magazine.
The album was not a commercial success as the fans were expecting a new release, which did not appear as the band did not exist any more.

</doc>
<doc id="19162749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162749" title="Landesgewerbeanstalt Bayern">
Landesgewerbeanstalt Bayern

Landesgewerbeanstalt Bayern or LGA is a certification company based in Nuremberg, Germany. It specializes in toy and furniture testing.
History.
It traces its history back to the late 1860s where it began as a portal where companies could gain experience of the latest technology. Since 1 January 2007 it belongs to the TÜV Rheinland group.

</doc>
<doc id="19162751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162751" title="Ali Budesh">
Ali Budesh

Ali Baba Budesh (born in 1957), is a notorious Indian extortionist and underworld don of the Indian Mafia, based in Bahrain. Fearing backlash from the Mumbai police, Budesh fled to Bahrain in the late eighties, where he opened up his new base of operations in the capital city of Manama.
Biography.
Early life.
Most of the details of Budesh's early life and background are unclear. Born to an Indian Muslim mother and Arab father, he made his entrance into the Mumbai underworld as a petty pickpocket and a street ruffian. The police in Vikhroli, a north-eastern suburb of the city, had registered a case of assault against him. However, prior to his involvement in petty crime, Budesh is known to have studied at a boarding school near Pune.
Contact with Dawood Ibrahim.
While living in the slums near the Pankheshah Baba shrine at Ghatkopar (W), Budesh came into contact with some of Dawood Ibrahim's gang members who were on the run from the police, and sought shelter in the labyrinthine slums of the Vikhroli Parksite area. Budeshi was rewarded for his initial assistance of these men, when he was sent to Dubai and met Dawood Ibrahim, the infamous head of the D-Company and India's most wanted fugitive.
Boss of his own gang.
Budesh later split from the D-Company, together with other key aides of Dawood Ibrahim such as the Pakistani smuggler Shoaib Khan, Irfan Goga, and Ijaz Pathan, and formed his own separate gang with its headquarters in Bahrain. He allied himself with some of Dawood Ibrahim's enemies and went on to lead them against him. These a feared gangster from Virar-Virar, Subhash Singh Thakur, who is currently lodged in New Delhi's Tihar Central Prison. Another former Ibrahim aide, Dilawar Khan, became Budesh's right hand man. This alliance caused some major upsets to Ibrahim's declining empire.
Informant.
He also began informing on members of the D-Company to law enforcement. The detention of Dawood Ibrahim's brother, Anees Ibrahim at the Bahrain International Airport at Muharraq in 1996 is believed to have been due to a tip-off from Budesh. Dawood spent over Rs 5 lakh for his brother's release. Similarly, the month-long incarceration of Abu Salem, another key underworld figure at the UAE's Al-Rafa detention centre was attributed to Budesh. Budesh also began informing on other Indian NRI gangsters such as Chhota Shakeel, Noora Ibrahim, etc., forcing them to flee the UAE for Pakistan, where they are believed to have made their base of operations in Karachi.
Involvement in the extortion rackets.
In spite of the falling out with his former mentor, Budesh's policy in his extortion rackets closely follow Dawood Ibrahim's modus operandi. His targets include builders, diamond merchants and figures within the Bollywood film industry. His demands from builders include an annual fee or a few flats in their projects. From diamond merchants, he seeks deposits in numbered accounts in Swiss banks. However, the biggest contributors to his extortion racket have always been the Bollywood film figures.
Those who usually refuse to pay the extortion money or "hafta" as it is called in the Mumbai underworld jargon, are dealt with in a severe manner. For instance, when Natwarlal Desai, a local Mumbai based builder refused to pay the hafta being demanded by Budesh's gang, he was later shot dead on August 18, 1997 at Nariman Point by the Budesh gang members. Those businessmen who were reluctant to pay the hafta to Budesh's enforcers, paid up with alacrity after the Desai killing. After this incident, no other killing by the Budesh gang was reported for a long time.
On April, 1998, Keith Rodrigues, the 23-year-old chief steward at the Copper Chimney restaurant at Saki Naka was shot dead by Ali Budesh's gunmen. The murder was done as a warning to the restaurant's owner, Satish Bansal, who had been dodging Budesh's demand for Rs 5 lakh for months.
Extorting Bollywood.
Some leading Bollywood film producers also became victims of Budesh's extortion tactics. He made threatening calls to Rakesh Roshan, Mukesh Bhatt and Boney Kapoor, and demanded up to "Douw khokha" (Rs. 2 crore) from each of them. The Tips Cassette Company owner, Ramesh Taurani, was also being extorted for the same amount.
On January 21, 2000, Rakesh Roshan was shot at by two Budesh gang members near his office on Tilak Road at Santacruz West. The assailants fired two bullets at him, one of which hit him on the left arm while the other grazed his chest. As the director fell to the ground, the assailants fled the scene. The assailants were later identified as Sunil Vithal Gaikwad and Sachin Kamble. The attack on Roshan was not undertaken with the intent to kill, but to signal that the Shiv Sena could no longer protect its clients. Roshan had stonewalled demands from Budesh for a percentage of the profits from the overseas sale of the Hindi blockbuster, Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai.
Clashes with the law.
Budesh claimed responsibility for the hand-grenade attack near a hotel in Dahisar, a western suburb of Bombay on June, 1998. In the incident, some gangsters, when challenged, hurled the grenade at the police. In the blast and the subsequent police firing, two policemen and three gangsters were killed and several others were injured. However, Budesh's claim was dismissed by the Mumbai police. The following year, Tirupati Kotian and Austin Carvalho, two members of the Ali Budesh gang were shot dead in an encounter with the Mumbai police at Kandivli.
Open War against Dawood Ibrahim.
Budesh had a great falling out with Dawood over a property deal in Mumbai in 1997. Budesh, along with Uttar Pradesh don Subhash Singh Thakur, had hoped to extort money out of this deal from Natwar Lal Desai, a well known builder. 
However, Desai who had links with the D-Company, refused to pay them any cash and asked Dawood to intervene. This resulted in a verbal spat between the two dons. Dawood threatened Budesh on phone asking the latter to stay away from Desai, to which the latter did not respond well.
According to the excerpts from a tape sent by Budesh to India Today on March 2010, he stated: 
In retaliation, Budesh and Thakur allegedly had Desai killed on August 18, 1997. 
In March 2010 Ali Badesh declared an open war against his former mentor, Dawood Ibrahim and his D-company, vowing to kill the former. Budesh has teamed up with underworld don Babloo Srivastava and launched Operation D against Dawood and his gang.
The duo are now being seen as the most deadly threat that the D-company has ever faced, bigger than even Dawood's arch-rival, Chhota Rajan.
They are in fact accused by the Nepalese and Indian authorities of being behind the murders of Dawood's three main agents in Nepal, i.e., Majid Manihar, Parvez Tanda and Jamim Shah, Nepalese media entrepreneur who was reputed to be the architect of Dawood's counterfeit currency racket in India.
Dawood is believed to have entrusted his chief lieutenant, Chhota Shakeel to deal with Budesh.

</doc>
<doc id="19162753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162753" title="Murrindalaspis">
Murrindalaspis

Murrindalaspis is an extinct genus of acanthothoracid placoderm found in the McLarty Member of the Murrindal Limestone, of the Early Devonian-aged Buchan Group in eastern Victoria, Australia. "Murrindalaspis" differs from other acanthothoracids by having a dorsal plate with a large, blade-like flattened, recurved crest emanating from the medial line, and no ventral keel. So far, the genus is known only from dorsal plates and ossified eyeballs. The genus differs from the closely related "Weejasperaspis" in that the dorsal crest of the latter is shorter, and triangular-shaped.
Species.
There are two species in the genus. "M. wallacei", the type species, has a high dorsal medial crest. The second species, "M. bairdi", has a much lower crest, a groove along the median line of the ventral side of the dorsal plate, and somewhat coarser tubercles on the dermal surfaces of its armor.

</doc>
<doc id="19162777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162777" title="Sylvester O'Halloran">
Sylvester O'Halloran

Sylvester O'Halloran (31 December 1728 – 11 August 1807) was an Irish surgeon with an abiding interest in Gaelic poetry and history. For most of his life he lived and practised in Limerick, and was later elected a member of the Royal Irish Academy (RIA).
Early life.
O'Halloran was the third son of Michael O'Halloran, a prosperous farmer at Caherdavin, County Limerick, and his wife Mary McDonnell. He was named after Sylvester Lloyd, the titular Catholic bishop of Killaloe in 1728–39. His mother's cousin Sean Claragh McDonnell taught him much at an early age, including some Greek and Latin. He went on to a Limerick school run by Robert Cashin, a Protestant clergyman, which was unusual at the time as the O'Hallorans were Roman Catholics during the difficult time of the Penal Laws.
Sylvester and his brothers engaged successfully in areas of life that worked around the restrictions of the Penal Laws. Joseph became a Jesuit and held chairs in rhetoric, philosophy and divinity at the Jesuit College at Bordeaux in France. George became a jeweller and in time a property-owner. Sylvester went to London to learn medicine at the age of 17, particularly studying the methods of Richard Mead, as well as the oculists Taylor and Hillmer. After further study at Leyden, and in Paris under the anatomist and academician Antoine Ferrein, he set up practice as a surgeon in Limerick in early 1749.
Career as surgeon.
O'Halloran wrote several learned treatises on medical matters, and his fame was acknowledged by his membership of the RIA in 1787. He was a founder of the County Limerick Infirmary that started with 4 beds in 1761 before moving to larger premises at St Francis's Abbey in 1765. The foundation stone of the original infirmary is now preserved in the Sylvester O'Halloran Post Graduate Centre at the Mid-Western Regional Hospital, Limerick.
While in France, he had been very impressed with the Académie Royale de Chirurgie, which had been founded in Paris in 1731 during the reign of Louis XV. He was subsequently instrumental in founding the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI), by writing its blueprint, the "Proposals for the Advancement of Surgery in Ireland" in 1765. In 1780 he was made an honorary member of the new "Dublin Society of Surgeons", and when the RCSI received its charter in 1784 he was again elected an honorary member, equivalent to a Fellowship today.
Medical bibliography.
In his last work O'Halloran contributes to Irish social history, as the head injuries he treated were often caused by fights aggravated by alcohol abuse. On page 4 he commented:
Student of Gaelic poetry.
As well as his scientific knowledge, O'Halloran's interest in the arts began with his collection of Gaelic poetry manuscripts and this led on to an interest in Irish history. Given his background, he argued to validate the pre-Norman history of Ireland which had often been dismissed as a period of barbarism.
His correspondents included Edmund Burke on early history. With Charles O'Conor of Belanagare he discussed Macpherson's translated version of Ossian, and advised him about an eye complaint.
In 1789 Charlotte Brooke published the first English-language compendium of Irish poetry, the seminal "Reliques of Irish Poetry", giving full due to O'Halloran for lending her his manuscript collection and for having written the essential history underlying her anthology.
Critics.
As an early sympathetic historian of the Gaelic world in English, O'Halloran has faced criticism for being too sympathetic. In the 1770s a critic suggested he should: 
The historian JC Beckett (1912–96) included O'Halloran among those aiming: "to vindicate its claims by uncritical admiration for the achievements of pre-Norman Ireland."
Family life.
In 1752 Sylvester married Mary Casey and they had four sons and a daughter. Their homes were in Change Lane and then on Merchants' Quay; Mary died in 1782. O'Halloran was buried in 1807 at St. Munchin's graveyard, at Killeely which is now a suburb of Limerick. One of their sons was Major-General Sir Joseph O'Halloran, the father of Thomas O'Halloran, after whom the Adelaide suburb of O'Halloran Hill was named.
Limerick public life.
Though politically restricted in his life by the Penal Laws, O'Halloran helped establish the county Infirmary (see above), was elected President of the city's Free Debating Society in 1772 and was elected to a committee in 1783 that examined the Shannon navigation. Appropriately a Limerick bridge over the Shannon has been named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19162786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162786" title="Juan Fernández (missionary)">
Juan Fernández (missionary)

Juan Fernández (b. at Cordova; d. 12 June 1567, in Japan) was a Spanish Jesuit lay brother and missionary. He was the first European to a grammar and lexicon of the Japanese language. 
Life.
In a letter from Malacca, dated 20 June 1549, Francis Xavier begs the prayers of the Goa brethren for those about to start on the Japanese mission, mentioning among them Juan Fernández. On their arrival in Japan Juan was active in the work of evangelizing. 
In September, 1550, he accompanied Francis Xavier to Firando (Hirado), thence to Amanguchi (Yamaguchi), and on to Miako (Saikyo). They returned to Amanguchi, where he was left with Father Cosme de Torrès in charge of the Christians, when Francis Xavier started for China. 
There was in the records of the Jesuit college at Coimbra a lengthy document, professed to be the translation of an account rendered to Francis Xavier by Fernández of a controversy with the Japanese on such questions as the nature of God, creation, the nature and immortality of the soul. The success of Brother Fernández on this occasion in refuting his Japanese adversaries resulted in the ill will of Buddhist priests, who stirred up a rebellion against the local "daimyo", who had become a Christian. The missionaries were concealed by the wife of one of the nobles until they were able to resume their work of preaching. 
Francis Xavier says in one of his letters: 
His humility under pressure impressed all and on one occasion resulted in the conversion of a young Japanese doctor, who later became a Jesuit.

</doc>
<doc id="19162790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162790" title="2008 Finnish Cup">
2008 Finnish Cup

2008 Finnish Cup () was the 54th season of the main annual football competition in Finland. It was organized as a single-elimination knock–out tournament.
Participation in the competition is voluntary. Veikkausliiga side , for example, decided not to register for the tournament, as well as some Ykkönen teams.
Depending on their position within the league system, teams entered in different rounds. Clubs with teams in Kolmonen or an inferior league, as well as Veterans and Junior teams, started the competition in the First Round. Teams from the first three levels of the Finnish league pyramid entered in the Fourth Round, with the exception of Veikkausliiga clubs Tampere United, FC Haka, FC Honka and TPS. These four teams entered in the Sixth Round because they have qualified for European competitions after the 2007 season.
The tournament started on 1 April 2008 with the First Round and concluded with the Final held on 1 November 2008 at Finnair Stadium, Helsinki.
First round.
The draw for this round was conducted on 11 March 2008. Exactly one hundred teams were drawn into fifty matches for this round, with the remaining teams receiving a bye. Matches were played on April 1 – 10, 2008.
Second round.
The draw for this round was conducted on 11 March 2008. The winners of the First Round, along with the teams who received a bye, were drawn into 130 matches for this round. Matches were played between April 2 – 25, 2008.
Third round.
The draw for this round was conducted on 11 April 2008. The winners of the previous round participated in this round. Matches were played on April 19 – May 6, 2008.
Fourth round.
The draw for this round was conducted on 23 April 2008. The 65 winners of the Third Round, along with the 47 teams from the top three tiers which entered in this round, were drawn into 56 matches for this round. Matches were played on May 6 – 30, 2008.
Fifth round.
The draw for this round was conducted on 20 May 2008. The winners of the Fourth Round participated in this round. Matches were played between June 1 – 11, 2008.
Sixth Round.
The draw for this round was conducted on 12 June 2008. The 28 winners of the Fifth Round, along with the last four Veikkausliiga teams which entered in this round, were drawn into 16 matches for this round. Matches were played on June 17 and 19, 2008.
Seventh Round.
The draw for this round was conducted on 22 June 2008. The winners of Sixth Round participated in this round. The first six matches were played on 2 July while the other two games took place on 9 July 2008.
Quarterfinals.
The draw for this round was conducted on 14 July 2008. The first three matches were played on 7 August 2008. The match between Honka and Tampere United has been postponed to a later date because of the Tampere's participation in the UEFA Champions League 2008–09 qualification rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19162841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162841" title="Yunnanolepis">
Yunnanolepis

Yunnanolepis is an extinct genus of primitive Antiarch placoderm. The fossils of the various species are found in Early to Middle Devonian strata in Southern China and Middle Devonian strata in Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="19162844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162844" title="Dan Masteller">
Dan Masteller

Dan Patrick Masteller is a former Major League Baseball first baseman. He played one season in the majors for the Minnesota Twins in .
Originally drafted by the Twins in the 11th round of the 1989 Major League Baseball Draft, Masteller played in their organization until June, 1995, when he made his major league debut. He was released after the season, and played for the Harrisburg Senators in the Montreal Expos organization in before his career ended.

</doc>
<doc id="19162872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162872" title="Great Yamato">
Great Yamato


</doc>
<doc id="19162884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162884" title="Daniel Maze">
Daniel Maze

Daniel Maze (born 16 June 1972 in Mortsel, Antwerp as Daniel F. M. H. M.) is a Belgian film director, writer and producer who started his professional career as a DJ in the Belgian club scene in the '90s, eventually making the transition to music producer.
Biography.
Daniel Maze made his first film at age 11. He started his professional career as a music producer, whereby he was awarded with gold and platinum records, including Top 10 hits like "Lights from Above" (1997), "Born in the 70s" (1998) and No. 1 hit "Scoop" (1999). At the end of 1998 he started together with his brother Ivo, a discothèque named 'Arenchi'. The club is still in operation.
Movie career.
In 2004 he founded MAZEfilms, offering production and post capabilities including sound mixing, DI and CG creation and compositing. He then created MAZEcorporate to handle commercial clientele, while MAZEfilms focused on filmmaking. He produced and directed the fantasy short film "ELI" in 2005, with special effects including full workflow and CGI created by MAZEfilms. In 2006 MAZEfilms became the first Belgian production company to raise funds from private investors and then shoot a feature-length film in Hollywood, Cornered. It starred Steve Guttenberg and James Duval. In 2012 he founded Greenlight Titles Invest (GLT-INVEST), a company that specializes in the Belgian Tax-Shelter.

</doc>
<doc id="19162896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162896" title="Julia Lockwood">
Julia Lockwood

Julia Lockwood (born Margaret Julia Leon; 23 August 1941) is a retired British actress. She was born in Ringwood, Hampshire, the daughter of British film star Margaret Lockwood and Rupert Leon. Her parents divorced in 1949. 
She acted from a fairly early age. She began to gain leading roles in the late 1950s, often in comedy films such as "Please Turn Over". She was in the radio series "Brothers in Law" with Richard Briers in the 1970s.
Julia Lockwood retired from acting in 1976, after the birth of her third child. She and her late husband Ernest Clark had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19162907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162907" title="Far Hills Races">
Far Hills Races

The Far Hills Races is a steeplechase horserace held annually in Far Hills, New Jersey, United States. The October 2010 event was the 90th running, and race day purses can equal up to or more than $1,000,000, with six races offering the highest purses on the National Steeplechase Association circuit. 
Considered one of the premier social events of the year in the tri-state area, it is attended by as many as 75,000 people annually. Family and friends create unique and often extravagant fall picnic areas, complete with beautiful floral center pieces, haybale seating, ice carvings and culinary feasts. For many visitors, the Race Meeting is a time-honored tradition and a joyous reunion of family and friends.
History.
The Far Hills Race Meeting traces its origins to the Essex Hunt, a fox hunting event founded in Montclair, NJ in 1870. In the tradition of these clubs, the Essex Fox Hounds established an event to thank the farmers and landowners who allowed them to hunt on their property. In 1916, the event moved from the original club site to the Grant B. Schley estate — today known as Moorland Farms. Eventually becoming the Far Hills Race Meeting, the races have been continually run—with the exception of a short hiatus during World War II—on the same site. 
Starting in 2000 the Breeders' Cup Grand National Steeplechase returned to the Far Hills Races after a hiatus of six years. Known for the highest prize money of a steeplechase in America, USA Today" has described the race as "steeplechasing's richest race".
Beginning with the 2013 Race Meeting event-goers are prohibited from bringing alcohol through the general admission entrances, in an attempt by the Far Hills Race Meeting Association to curb excessive-drinking problems such as those seen at the 2012 event, which saw at least 28 arrests for public urination, underage drinking and disorderly conduct.
Charity.
The Far Hills Race has a long history of raising money for charitable organizations. Since the 1950s, race proceeds of those attending the event and corporate sponsors have gone to fund the Steeplechase Cancer Center at Somerset Medical Center, raising more than $17 million through 2009. The Race Meeting has profoundly impacted the medical center’s growth and ability to offer comprehensive, state-of-the-art medical services to New Jersey residents. Over 40 major corporations reserve entertainment tent spaces each year, with many more taking reserved parking tailgate spaces. 
In 2007, The Far Hills Race Meeting Association committed a portion of the proceeds from its annual day of racing to the New York Heroes Fund, established to benefit emergency workers and victims of the September 11, 2001 attacks at the World Trade Center.
Results.
All Gong set the course record of 4:53.80 in winning the 2000 Breeders' Cup Steeplechase.
The 2004 running of the Grade 1 $175,000 Breeders' Cup Steeplechase saw McDynamo, then a 7-year-old gelding coming back for his first race in 11 months after recovering from hock surgery, win the race for a second consecutive year, defeating Hirapour by 1½ lengths in a finishing time of 5:06.8. The race covered a 2⅝-mile distance and jumps over 14 fences. The crowd was estimated at 45,000.
The 2007 running saw McDynamo running for a fifth consecutive title, one of nine horses running for the Grade 1 Breeders' Cup Grand National, with a purse of $300,000. At the age of 10, McDynamo was the oldest of 43 horses competing at Far Hills that day. All starters in the race carried 156 pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19162928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162928" title="Patricia Guerra">
Patricia Guerra

Patricia Guerra Cabrera (born July 21, 1965 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Las Palmas) is a Spanish sailor who won gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. She did so in the 470 class alongside Theresa Zabell. She also competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, finishing in tenth place.

</doc>
<doc id="19162932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162932" title="Oliver Wright">
Oliver Wright

Sir John Oliver Wright (6 March 1922 – 1 September 2009) was a British diplomat.
Early life.
Wright was born on 6 March 1921. He was educated at Solihull School and later Christ's College, Cambridge although his studies were interrupted by World War II. He served in the Royal Naval Reserve (1941-45) and was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. Following his service he took and passed the Foreign Office exam, thus was accepted to Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service.
Diplomatic career.
Wright's career as a Diplomat was a highly distinguished one:

</doc>
<doc id="19162933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162933" title="Cyril Fradan">
Cyril Fradan

Cyril Fradan (1928 - 1997) was a South African artist and designer who worked almost exclusively in acrylic paints incorporating various glazing techniques.
Life and work.
One of South Africa's foremost painters, Cyril Fradan was born in Johannesburg in 1928. He was educated, and later lectured at the University of the Witwatersrand and held his first one-man show in Johannesburg in 1954. Relocating to London in 1960, Fradan exhibited successfully in most British and European art centres.
Fradan worked almost exclusively in acrylic paints and made extensive use of glazing techniques. Furthermore, he was a successful and skilled exponent of the Baroque style used in contemporary, non-figurative terms. What this means is that Fradan blends illusion, light and colour, and a sense of passionate movement, all calculated to overwhelm the viewer by a direct emotional appeal. His use of such effects as the dissolved contour, the rendering of movement through flickering light, allied with his use of glowing colour, brought into being a style that had a profound effect on the South African audiences who saw it.
Fradan rarely titled his paintings, believing that the images evoked in the spectator by the swirling, energetic forms in his canvases were, in fact, the correct ones.
"Each viewer will see in my paintings what he wants to - I don't believe that the artist should interpose with titles, which are often misleading anyway."
As well as painting, Fradan provided costume designs for dramatic productions including the 1955 Margaret Inglis production of Shakespeare's "Hamlet". Additionally, he provided costume designs for the 1966 Gordon Crosse production of W. B. Yeats's "Purgatory".
Fradan was a much-loved and well-respected member of the London arts scene. His annual summer music festivals held at his house at 23 Lower Addison Gardens, were a joy to music lovers and provided an opportunity to view his work. In his later years Fradan eschewed the art gallery scene, preferring his festival-based approach to sales of his increasingly popular paintings. He developed personal relationships with many of his patrons, who met regularly at his home; particularly during the festivals.
Cyril Fradan left for Thailand in 1986, where he died in 1997 after successive operations to remove brain tumours.
Exhibitions.
Cyril Fradan exhibited extensively - including at the Royal Academy, London in 1963. His work is represented in the following public collections:

</doc>
<doc id="19162938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162938" title="Austrophyllolepis">
Austrophyllolepis

Austrophyllolepis is an extinct genus of phyllolepid arthrodire placoderm from Middle to Late Devonian freshwater strata of Australia. The type species, "A. ritchiei" is found in Givetian to early Frasnian-aged freshwater strata near what is now Mount Howitt. A second species, "A. dulciensis", is found from Middle Devonian freshwater strata from the Dulcie Sandstone of Georgina Basin, Central Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19162939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162939" title="Louis C. Midgley">
Louis C. Midgley

Louis C. Midgley is prominent Mormon apologist and retired professor of political science at Brigham Young University. Since his retirement he has been closely involved with the Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies, writing many book reviews, articles, and book chapters defending The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from critics.
He received his bachelors degree from the University of Utah and holds a Ph.D. from Brown University. While a professor at BYU Midgley taught a class on the Constitution and its ratification at least once a year. He also wrote about the works of Paul Tillich and Dostoevsky. 
Midgley contributed the article on theology to the Encyclopedia of Mormonism. In 2005-2006 Midgley served as editor of the "FARMS Review". Other topics Midgley has studied included the abandonment of a belief in the Book of Mormon as an ancient document by members of the Community of Christ. 
Midgley has criticized both the writings of Grant Palmer and his representations of his career.
Following his retirement Midgley and his wife served as Church Educational System missionaries in New Zealand. 

</doc>
<doc id="19162944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162944" title="The Samuel and Ronnie Heyman Center on Corporate Governance">
The Samuel and Ronnie Heyman Center on Corporate Governance

The Samuel and Ronnie Heyman Center on Corporate Governance is an academic research center whose mission is to raise public and academic awareness of current corporate and securities law issues, to produce and disseminate research on a broad range of topics in these fields, and to educate and train students and professionals. The Heyman Center is part of at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law located at 55 Fifth Avenue in the Union Square area of New York City. 
The Heyman Center sponsors and organizes a variety of symposia and lectures by business and political leaders and legal scholars. The Center hosts annual programs focusing on current issues in corporate restructurings. At the Third Annual Perspectives in Corporate Restructurings Conference: Corporate Restructurings in a Difficult Market on April 9, 2008, billionaire investor Wilbur L. Ross delivered a keynote address, providing his views on the current credit crisis and the outlook for investors. 
The Heyman Center and the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Compliance and Legal Division (SIFMA-CL) have a cooperative relationship to hold a series of programs each year at The Heyman Center on issues related to the securities industry. This relationship has produced the public programs such as Attorneys as Gatekeepers, Future of the Securities Markets, Fraud and Federalism, Corporate Trouble, Regulating Financial Markets by Rules or Principles, and Debating the Merits of Prudential Supervision.
Other notable figures that have spoken at The Heyman Center public programs includes Mark A. Belnick, former Tyco International general counsel, Charlie Rose, Emmy award-winning journalist who interviewed hedge fund investor T. Boone Pickens on shareholder activism, and legendary investor Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway.
Professor Eric J. Pan is the Director of The Heyman Center. He is an associate professor of law at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York City where he is the Director of The Samuel and Ronnie Heyman Center on Corporate Governance and an associate fellow in the international economics program of the Royal Institute of International Affairs in London. He specializes in corporate, securities and international law with a particular focus on international financial regulation and the operation of financial markets.
References.
1. The Heyman Center - Mission. Retrieved on 2008-09-03. [http://www.heyman-center.org/]
2. The Heyman Center - Home. Retrieved on 2008-09-03. [http://www.heyman-center.org/index.html]
3. The Heyman Center - Program. Retrieved on 2008-09-05. [http://www.heyman-center.org/program.html]
4. Merced, Michael J. de la (2008-4-10).“Dealbook Q&A: Wilbur Ross’s Next Move”, http://dealbook.blogs.nytimes.com. Retrieved on 2008-09-05. [http://dealbook.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/04/10/qa-wilbur-rosss-next-move/?scp=1&sq=Dealbook%20Q&A:%20Wilbur%20Ross's%20Next%20Move&st=cse]
5. The Heyman Center - Program. Retrieved on 2008-09-18. [http://www.heyman-center.org/program.html]
6. The Heyman Center - Program. Retrieved on 2008-09-08. [http://www.heyman-center.org/program.html]
7. Professor Eric Pan - Cardozo School of Law. Retrieved on 2008-09-03. [http://www.cardozo.yu.edu/MemberContentDisplay.aspx?ccmd=ContentDisplay&ucmd=UserDisplay&userid=10534]

</doc>
<doc id="19162947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162947" title="Barbadian American">
Barbadian American

Barbadian (or Bajan) Americans are Americans of Barbadian heritage. The 2000 Census recorded 53,785 US residents born on the Caribbean island 52,170 of whom were born to non-American parents, and 54,509 people who described their ethnicity as Barbadian. In the 2010 U.S. Census estimation report, over 100,000 to 150,000 Barbadian Americans live in the U.S. alone, the majority in the New York City area extending from Rhode Island to Delaware. In years gone some also moved to the areas of Chicago, Illinois. and Boston, Massachusetts.
The first Barbadians in United States.
The first major wave of West Indian immigrants, including Barbadians, to the United States took place between 1901 and 1920, with a total of 230,972 entering the country. The majority were unskilled or semi-skilled laborers who came in search of economic opportunities. A substantial number were employed in low-paying service occupations and menial jobs that nonetheless offered higher wages than they could earn at home.
Between 1931 and 1950 West Indian immigration to the United States declined, due partly to an immigration restriction law that imposed a quota system heavily weighted in favor of newcomers arriving from northern and western European countries. The Great Depression was another factor in the drop in West Indian immigration, which reached a significant low in the 1930s.
A second wave began in the 1950s and peaked in the 1960s, when 470,213 immigrants arrived in the United States. More West Indians entered the United States during this decade than the total number that entered between 1891 and 1950. Between 1965 and 1976 a substantial number of immigrants from the Caribbean entered the United States, Barbados alone accounting for 17,400 of them. A large percentage of this wave of immigrants consisted of professional and technical workers forced to leave home because of limited economic opportunities in Barbados.
Settlement patterns.
Most Barbadian immigrants tend to live in Philadelphia esp. in the West Philadelphia sections, while even more settled widely in the New York City metropolitan area. The 1990 Census of Population Report shows that over 82 percent live in the Northeast, with over 62 percent in New York. More than 11 percent live in the South, approximately four percent live in the West, and almost two percent live in the Midwest. The five states with the highest Barbadian populations are New York, with 22,298; Massachusetts, with 3,393; Florida, with 1,770; New Jersey, with 1,678; and California, with 1,160. Unlike Chinese Americans or Italian Americans or Mexicans/Mexican Americans to compare, Barbadians—or West Indians, for that matter—do not occupy small enclaves in the cities of America where they live. They instead tend to settle wherever they can find jobs or affordable housing, and they strive for upward mobility and opportunities to improve their lives. Barbadians along with other various Caribbean Americans follow the agricultural and even more in the landscaping, construction, domestics and hospitality industries of both Florida and urban industrial areas of the Northeast Corridor or Eastern Seaboard. In the 2000s, an estimated 100,000 Barbadian-Americans live in the New York and Philadelphia areas.
Traditions, customs, and beliefs.
Barbadians have a variety of traditions that are handed down from generation to generation, especially by word of mouth. Many traditions may be traced to Africa or Europe. Many Barbadian beliefs, however, are rooted in the country's own distinct culture.
Employment and economic traditions.
Like most immigrants, Barbadian Americans come to America to "better themselves" economically. Over 82 percent settle in the Northeast region of the United States, 76 percent in New York state alone. Some find occupation in professional and technical fields, but the vast majority work as clerical workers, operators, craftsmen, foremen, sales workers, private household workers, service workers, managers, officials, foremen, and laborers; a very few work as farm managers and laborers. Because they believe in upward mobility, many Barbadians attend technical and professional schools and colleges, and they quickly qualify themselves for better paying jobs.
Activism.
Prince Hall (1735?-1807) was an important black leader in the eighteenth century. Accounts of his birth, parentage, early life, and career vary, but it is widely accepted that Hall was born in Bridgetown, Barbados, in about 1735 to an English man and a woman of African descent, and that he came to America in 1765. Prince Hall was both an abolitionist and a Masonic organizer. Because of his organizing skill, a charter for the establishment of a lodge of American Negroes was issued on April 29, 1787, authorizing the organization in Boston of African Lodge No. 459, a "regular Lodge of Free and accepted Masons, under the title or denomination of the African Lodge," with Prince Hall as master. Prince Hall was also an abolitionist and spokesman. He was one of eight Masons who signed a petition on January 13, 1777, requesting the Massachusetts state legislature to abolish slavery and declaring it as incompatible with the cause of American independence. He was later successful in urging Massachusetts to end its participation in the slave trade. He established the first school for colored children in his home in Boston in 1800. Hall ranks among the most significant black leaders in his day.
Politics and government.
As early as the 1670s, Barbadians have contributed to American government. Many prominent Barbadians immigrated to Carolina during that decade, among them was Sir John Yeamans, who became governor of the colony that is known today as South Carolina.
In the twentieth century, Shirley Chisholm, born in 1924 to Barbadian parents, became a politician of great stature in America. Although Chisholm was born in Brooklyn, New York, she spent the first ten years of her life in Barbados, where she received much of her primary education under the strict eye of her maternal grandmother. She gave credit for her later educational success to the well-rounded early training she received in Barbados. In 1964 Chisholm ran for the New York State Assembly and won the election. She fought for rights and educational opportunities for women, blacks, and the poor. She served in the State Assembly until 1968, then she ran for the United States Congress. Chisholm won the election to the U.S. House of Representatives and became the first black woman ever to be elected to the House, where she served with distinction from 1969 to 1982. In 1972 Chisholm made an unprecedented bid for the Presidential nomination of the Democratic Party. She was the first black and first woman to run for the presidency. She is also the founder of the chair of the National Political Congress of Black Women.
Eric Holder, the 82nd United States Attorney General, has roots in Barbados. His father Eric Himpton Holder, Sr. (1905-1970) was born in St. Joseph, Barbados. His mother, Miriam, was born in New Jersey to parents who were immigrants from Saint Philip, Barbados.
The Barbados government also maintains diplomatic and consular representation in a handful of American cities and towns. These include an Embassy in Washington, D.C., two Consulates-General in: Miami, New York City; a Permanent Mission to the United Nations in New York City; and is also further supported by a collection of Honorary Consulates in: Atlanta, Boston, Denver, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Louisville, New Orleans, Portland, San Francisco, and Toledo.

</doc>
<doc id="19162949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162949" title="FLIP Publicity">
FLIP Publicity

FLIP Publicity & Promotions Inc is a Canadian arts and entertainment communications agency that provides publicity and promotions strategies for clients, many of whom are in the entertainment realm. Created in 1991 by founder and president Carrie Sager, the company has worked on more than 1500 productions.
FLIP provides press representation for a wide range of clients, although their "bread and butter" accounts still seem to be rooted in the theatre. Past and present clients include Cirque du Soleil, Dancap Productions, The Toronto Symphony Orchestra, Mump and Smoot, NXNE, Luminato Festival, Show One Productions, Factory Theatre, RetroFestive.ca, Sony Centre for the Performing Arts, Ross Petty Productions, imagineNATIVE Film + Media Arts Festival, Toronto Sketch Comedy Festival, Toronto Pride, Debra DiGiovanni, Darrin Rose, Yonge-Dundas Square, The Theatre Centre, Louise Pitre, Toronto Fringe Festival and a host of others.
The company also publishes "The FLIPSTER ", a popular e-zine full of rants, reviews, and recommendations. "The FLIPSTER " is (virtually) published and the issues are given blended names, resulting in issue dates such as Mapril and Jebruary.
FLIP Publicity & Promotions is located in Toronto’s Annex neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19162952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162952" title="Rewilding (album)">
Rewilding (album)

Rewilding is a 2008 album by Mr. Pine.
Personnel: Matt McLennan (vocals, acoustic and electric guitars); Kevin Scott (acoustic guitar, piano, organ, harpsichord, recorder, concertina, vocals); Richard Caners (violin); Leslie Oldham (vocals); Jason Peters (electric and acoustic guitars, tambourine); Ken Phillips (bass, classical guitar).
Guest players: Alison O'Donnell (vocals); Ryan McVeigh (electric guitar, tambourine, percussion); Matt Hildebrand (drums, percussion); Jeremy Epp (drums); Anna Bond (violin); Kristjanna Oleson (viola); Jonathan Bauch (cello); Nathalie Roy (soprano recorder); Mark McLearon (alto recorder); Margaret McKenty (tenor recorder); Jay Churko (banjo); Kim Coss (flute); Clare Reimer-Dorratt (oboe).
Track listing.
All songs by Matt McLennan and Kevin Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="19162968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162968" title="Marco Barbo">
Marco Barbo

Marco Barbo (1420 – 2 March 1491) of Venice was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church (1467) and patriarch of Aquileia (1470) who served in the capacity of cardinal-nephew to his third cousin Pietro Barbo, Pope Paul II. In Rome he resided in the Palazzo di San Marco, as did the Venetian pope, who elected not to remove to the Vatican. From 1467 he was the cardinal patron of the Knights of Rhodes, for whom he built the loggia on the imperial forums.
At Paul's death, he was absent from Rome for several years; on his return he commissioned Paul's tomb from Mino da Fiesole, who completed it in 1477 for Old St. Peter's Basilica; fragments are conserved in the Vatican Museums. Barbo participated in the Papal conclave, 1471, which elected Pope Sixtus IV, for whom he served as legate to Germany, Hungary and Poland, with the charge, in which he was unsuccessful, of promoting a crusade against the Turks. He left Rome 22 February 1472 and went to the court of Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor, whom he was unable to inspire to combat the Ottoman Turks. Barbo returned to Rome 26 October 1474. Possessed of several abbacies "in commendam", he was elected Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals and bishop of Palestrina (1478), where he restored the cathedral.
His diplomacy defused the partisan tensions that were building in Rome before the conclave of 1484. for a price he secured the Castel Sant'Angelo from Girolamo Riario and convinced both Orsini and Colonna factions to evacuate the city, leaving the conclave in security and peace. During the consistory, Barbo was one of those considered "papabile"; the election of Pope Innocent VIII was a compromise effected between cardinals Della Rovere and Rodrigo Borgia (later Pope Alexander VI) to block the candidacy of the Cardinal of St. Mark. 
Barbo was the eldest son of Marino Barbo and Filippa della Riva. He was an erudite patron of the humanists so distrusted by Paul II, but as chancellor of the "Sapienza", he was constrained to withhold the salary of Pomponio Leto, who had fled to Venice. Marco Barbo assembled an outstanding library; generous and charitable, he distributed all his wealth to the poor of Rome at his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19162979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162979" title="The Blind Leading the Blind">
The Blind Leading the Blind

The Blind Leading the Blind (or Blind or The Parable of the Blind, ) is a painting of 1568 by Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder. Executed in distemper on linen canvas, it measures . It is the earliest surviving painting to depict the Biblical parable of the blind leading the blind from the Gospel of Matthew 15:14. The painting is in the collection of the Museo di Capodimonte in Naples, Italy.
Painted the year before Bruegel's death, the painting has a bitter, sorrowful tone, which may be related to the establishment of the Council of Troubles in 1567 by the government of the Spanish Netherlands. The council ordered mass arrests and executions in order to enforce Spanish rule and suppress Protestantism. However it is not clear if the painting was meant as a political statement. The placement of Sint-Anna Church of the village Sint-Anna-Pede has led to both pro- and anti-Catholic interpretations.
"The Blind Leading the Blind" reveals Bruegel as a master of observation. Each figure has a different eye affliction, including corneal leukemia, atrophy of globe and removed eyes. The figures hold their heads up so as to make better use of their other senses. The diagonal composition reinforces the off-kilter motion of the six figures falling in progression, a concern with motion that has been seen as prefiguring the advent of film.
"The Blind Leading the Blind" is considered one of the masterworks of painting for its fine, accurate detail and dynamic composition. Copies include a larger version by Bruegel's son Pieter Brueghel the Younger, and the work has inspired literature such as poetry by Charles Baudelaire and William Carlos Williams and novels such as Gert Hofmann's The Parable of the Blind.
Description.
The painting depicts a procession of six blind and disfigured men. They pass before a path bordered by a river on one side and village with and a church of a village on the other. Their guide has fallen on his back into a ditch and, because they are all linked by their staffs, seems about to drag his companions down with him. In the background a cowherd stands indifferent to the peril of the blind men.
Bruegel based the work on the Biblical parable of the blind leading the blind from the Gospel of Matthew 15:14, Christ referring to the Pharisees. According to art critic Margaret Sullivan, Bruegel's audience was likely as familiar with classical literature as with the Bible; Erasmus had published his Adagia two years before Bruegel's painting, and it contained the quotation """" ("the blind leader of the blind") by Roman poet Horace. The two blind men in the parable are expanded to six in Bruegel's painting. He does not dress them in the peasant clothes that typifies his later work. The first blind man's face is not visible; the second twists his head as he falls, perhaps to avoid landing face-first. The shinguard-clad third man, on his toes with knees bent and face to the sky, shares a staff with the second, by which his is being pulled down. The others have yet to stumble, but the same fate seems implied.
Background details, the faces and bodies of the blind men, and the church in the background are rendered in exceptional fine detail. Bruegel's settings tended to be fictional, but that of "The Blind Leading the Blind" has been identified as the village Sint-Anna-Pede, and the church as Sint-Anna Church.
Style.
The work is a tüchlein, light paintings that use distemper made from pigment mixed with water-soluble glue. Tüchlein do not preserve well, but "The Blind Leading the Blind" is in good condition and has suffered no more than some erosion, such as of a herdsman and some fowl in the middle ground. The grain of the linen canvas is visible beneath the delicate brushstrokes. The work is signed and dated "BRVEGEL.M.D.LX.VIII".
"The Blind Leading the Blind"'s austere tone is achieved through a colour scheme of mostly grey, greens brownish-red and black pigments. The diagonal movement of the bodies creates a dramatic tension in the foreground which is divided diagonally from the landscape background.
The painting is one of four surviving Bruegel paintings in distemper. In contrast to earlier painters' depictions of the blind as beneficiaries of divine gifts, Bruegel's blind men are stumbling and decrepit, portrayed without sympathy. The eyeless figure would have been interpreted as a man who had suffered punishment for wrongdoing or fighting.
Bruegel painted with the empirical objectivity of the Renaissance. In earlier paintings the blind were typically depicted with eyes closed. Bruegel gave each of his blind men a different ocular affliction, each painted with a realism that allowed identification of their conditions by later experts, though there is still some diagnostic disagreement. Jean-Martin Charcot and Paul Richer published an early account, "" (1889), and Tony-Michel Torillhon followed with more research on Bruegel's figures in 1957. The first man's eyes are not visible; the second has had his eyes removed, along with the eyelids: the third suffers corneal leukoma; the fourth atrophy of globe; the fifth either blind with no light perception, or photophobic; and the sixth had pemphigus or bullous pemphigoid. Charcot and Richer noted Bruegel's accuracy in portraying the blind men facing not forward but with their faces raised in the air, as they would have had to rely on their senses of smell and hearing.
Background.
Pieter Bruegel the Elder ( – 1569) achieved fame for the detailed accurate and realistic portrayals of peasants. He painted on inexpensive linen canvas and oak panel and avoided scenes of magnificence and portraits of nobility or royalty. Bruegel's works were popular with the common people the paintings were crowded with. The peasants Bruegel at first depicted were featureless and undifferentiated; as his work matured their physiognomy became markedly more detailed and expressive.
The sixteenth century was a time of rapid advances in learning and knowledge, and a move towards the empirical sciences—the time of Copernicus's heliocentric theory in "De revolutionibus orbium coelestium", Gutenberg's printing presses. Several of Bruegel's contemporaries were leading minds in their fields, such as Andreas Vesalius and Abraham Ortelius. Vesalius brought great advances in the study of anatomy via direct observation of dissected bodies; his observations motivated many artists to pay greater attention to the accuracy of the anatomy depicted in their works. The cartography of Ortelius influenced Bruegel's landscapes.
In 1563, Bruegel and his new wife moved to Brussels, the seat of government in the Spanish Netherlands (1556–1714). In 1567 the governor of the Netherlands, the Duke of Alba, established the Council of Troubles (popularly called the "Blood Council") to suppress non-Catholic religions and enforce Spanish rule, leading to mass arrests and executions. Whether Bruegel had Calvinist sympathies or intended a political message in "The Blind" is not clear, but the evidence indicates he likely held critical views of the Catholic Church. A bitter, sorrowful tone characterizes his last works, such as "The Blind" and "The Magpie on the Gallows".
In ancient Greece the blind were depicted in myths as having received gifts from the gods, and blind singers were held in high regard. In Mediaeval Europe, the blind were depicted as the subjects of miracles such as Bartimaeus in the healing the blind near Jericho in Mark 10:46–52. By the early Renaissance such painted depictions of saints and miracles fell out of favour, particularly in Protestant lands. Under Catholic influence, the blind and poor were the recipients of alms, but under Protestant thinking, such good deeds were not thought as any guaranteed way to heaven, and the path one's life took was believed the will of God. Regard for the poor and infirm dimished, and beggars saw their circumstances deteriorate. In popular literature of the time, the blind were depicted as rogues or targets of pranks. The parable of the blind leading the blind also appear as one of the illustrated proverbs in Bruegel's "Netherlandish Proverbs" (1559).
Analysis.
In contrast to the posed, static figures typical of paintings of the time, Bruegel suggests the trajectory of time and space through the accelerated movement of the figures. Critics Charcot and Richer wrote that the concept of visualizing movement was not formulated until the 17th century, and that Bruege prefigurs motion pictures and Duchamp's "Nude Descending a Staircase, No. 2". Medical researcher Zeynel A. Karcioglu sees the painting anticipating the 19th-century chronophotography of Étienne-Jules Marey. Dutch film director Joris Ivens stated, "If Bruegel were alive today he would be a film director."
The church in the background, identified as Sint-Anna Church, has sparked much commentary. One view holds that the church is evidence of the painting's moralistic intent—that while the first two blind men stumble and are beyond redemption, the other four are behind the church and thus may saved. Another interpretation has it the church, with a withered tree placed before it, is an anti-Catholic symbol, and that those who follow it will fall following a blind leader as do the men in the ditch. Others deny any symbolism in the church, noting that churches frequently appear in Bruegel's village scenes as they were a common part of the village landscape. Zeynel A. Karcioglu suggests the church represents indifference to the plight of the handicapped.
Art historian Gustav Glück noted incongruities in that the beggars are well-dressed and carry staves and full purses. Academics Kenneth C. Lindsay and Bernard Huppé suggest Bruegel may have implied that the blind men represent false priests who ignored Christ's admonitions not to carry gold, purses, or staffs.
Analyst Charles Bouleau wrote of the tension in Bruegel's compositional rhythms. The picture is divided into nine equal parts divided by a set of parallel oblique lines. These are divided by another network of lines at constant angles to the first. The composition invites the reader to follow the action rather than dwell on the individual figures. The blind men resemble each other in dress and facial features, and they appear as if they succeed one another in a single movement culminating in a fall, beginning on the left with "rambling, then hesitation, alarm, stumbling, and finally falling". The succession of heads follows a curve, and the further the succession, the greater the space between heads, suggesting increasing speed. The steep roofs of the background houses contribute to the compositions feeling of motion.
Legacy.
"The Blind Leading the Blind" is considered one of the great masterpieces of painting. Bruegel's is the earliest surviving painting of the parable of the blind leading the blind, though there are two earlier Dutch engravings known, including one attributed to Hieronymus Bosch that Bruegel likely knew and imitated. Bruegel's paintings have enjoyed worldwide popularity and have been the subjects of scholarly works in disciplines even outside of the arts, such as medicine.
Bruegel's depictions of beggars in paintings such as "The Blind Leading the Blind" left a strong influence on those who followed him, such as David Vinckboons. Hieronymus Wierix incorporated a copy of "The Blind Leading the Blind" into the series "Twelve Flemish Proverbs". A forgery attributed to Jacob Savery called "The Blind" appeared bearing a false inscription dating it 1562. Bruegel's son Pieter Brueghel the Younger painted a larger copy with extra details, including a flock of sheep, that now hangs in the Louvre. Italian Baroque painter Domenico Fetti may have been influenced by Bruegel's painting when he executed his own version of the parable (); Bruegel's was in the collection of Ferdinando Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua, who was Fetti's patron.
French poet Charles Baudelaire's "The Blind" was inspired by Bruegel's painting. The painting was the subject of several other poems, including those by Germans Josef Weinheber and Walter Bauer, and American William Carlos Williams who wrote a series of poems on Bruegel's paintings including "Parable of the Blind" which focuses on the meaning of the composition—a word that appears three times in the poems eight tercets. The figures stumble diagonally downward, and—
Bruegel's painting served as a model for Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck's one-act "The Blind". West German writer Gert Hofmann's 1985 novel "The Parable of the Blind" features Bruegel and the six blind men. To accomplish a realistic portrayal, Bruegel repeatedly has the men cross a bridge and fall into a creek in midwinter until their expressions achieve the desolation Bruegel believes represents the human condition. 's 1987 historical novel "Bruegel, or the Workshop of Dreams" has Bruegel painting the blind out of fear of losing his own eyesight.
"The Blind Leading the Blind" and "The Misanthrope" were discovered in the collection of the Count Giovanni Battista Masi of Parma in 1612 when Ranuccio I Farnese, Duke of Parma confiscated Masi's property for his part in a conspiracy against the House of Farnese. How the painting arrived in Italy is unknown; it is known that Masi's father Cosimo returned from the Netherlands in 1595 with a number of Netherlandish paintings. The painting hangs in Naples, Italy, in the National Museum of Capodimonte.

</doc>
<doc id="19162982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162982" title="Petar Trifonov">
Petar Trifonov

Petar Trifonov (: born 12 March 1984 in Blagoevgrad) is a Bulgarian footballer. He currently plays as a defender for Svetkavitsa.

</doc>
<doc id="19162986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162986" title="Manganese bronze">
Manganese bronze

Manganese bronze may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19162993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19162993" title="Andrew Gordon (Benedictine)">
Andrew Gordon (Benedictine)

Andrew Gordon (15 June 1712 26 June - 22 August 1751 2 September) was a Scottish Benedictine monk, physicist and inventor. He made the first electric motor.
Life.
Andrew Gordon was born in Cofforach, Forfarshire. He was a son of an old Scottish aristocratic family and baptized with the name "George". At the age of 12 years he travelled to Regensburg, in order to attend the Benedictine Scottish Seminar under Jakob Regensburg. As a Catholic Scot, there was no possibility of getting entrance to higher offices in his homeland. In Regensburg, he completed a 5-year general education course of study. Abbott Bernhard Baillie made it possible for Gordon to make education journeys to Austria, France and Italy, in particular to Rome. Gordon returned to Regensburg in 1732. On 24 February 1732 he enrolled as a novice and received the name of "Andreas". In the monastery he began with the study of scholastic philosophy under Gallus Leith, who in 1735 at the Erfurter university was appointed as a Professor for Philosophy. Gordon studied intensely with the Dominican Iselbrecher, where he took also his theological disputation. In the same year Andreas Gordon was entered to the priesthood, afterwards he completed law studies at the Benedictine University of Salzburg, where he studied law and theology. In 1737 he completed his study in philosophy and theology with “excellence” and passed the legal exam with honours. Subsequently, he became a professor of philosophy at the University of Erfurt.
Gordon soon acquired considerable reputation by his works on electricity, among which were "Phaenomena electricitatis exposita" (1744), "Philosophia utilis et jucunda" (1745) and "Physicae experimentalis elementa" (1751–52). 
For the sulphur ball of von Guericke (1671) and the glass globe of Isaac Newton (some say Hauksbee), Gordon substituted a glass cylinder which made an efficient frictional machine. Two other inventions in physics are noteworthy: the first is the light metallic star supported on a sharp pivot with the pointed ends bent at right angles to the rays and commonly called the "electrical whirl", the second is the device known as the "electric chimes". These inventions used to be described in textbooks of electricity; the name of Gordon was not always mentioned, though both inventions are fully described by him in his "Versuch einer Erklarung der Electricitat" (Erfurt 1745). Benjamin Franklin, who is usually credited with the latter invention, simply adopted the "German chimes" (described by Watson in his famous "Sequel", 1746) to serve as an electrical annunciator in connection with his experimental lightning rod of 1752. The "whirl" was an electrostatic reaction motor, the earliest of its kind; while the second derives its theoretical importance as the first instance of the application of what came to be called electric convection.
Gordon died in Erfurt, Saxony. 

</doc>
<doc id="19163037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163037" title="J. J. Isler">
J. J. Isler

Jennifer J. Isler, best known as J. J. Isler and also known by her maiden name of J. J. Fetter (born December 1, 1963 in La Jolla, California) is an American yachtswoman from San Diego, California, United States. She is a two-time Olympic medalist and a world sailing champion. She was a starting helmsman in the 1995 America’s Cup races. A pioneer in the sport of women’s sailing, she was the first woman inducted into the Sailing World Hall of Fame. 
She was born into a sailing family, the youngest of three children of Jane and Tom Fetter; he is a former commodore of the San Diego Yacht Club. She began sailing Sabots when she was 7 years old. She learned to sail and race in the Juniors program at the San Diego Yacht Club, sailing mostly in Sabots. An intense competitor, she disliked the fact that girls and boys were viewed differently in sailing. "The junior regattas were open to everyone, but there was a winner's trophy and a 'first girls' trophy," she recalled recently. “I always wanted just to be first, and hand that other trophy off as 'the first boy trophy’. … I finished second, third and fourth in the Sabot Nationals, but never won, meaning I was always getting that 'first girl' trophy, and I hated it." At the time, many of the West Coast’s leading yacht clubs didn’t even have facilities for female sailors. She once had to dress for a race in a yacht’s club’s parking lot.
Her horizons expanded in high school, when she started racing boats other than Sabots, particularly 420s. She was recruited by several colleges, and chose Yale because they promised her she could compete on the varsity team, not just the women’s team. At Yale she was the first woman captain of the sailing team. She became only the third female sailor in the history of intercollegiate sailing to be named an All American.
She went on to win medals in the National, European, and World championships in 1987-1988 in the women’s 470s. She won the World Championship in 1991. She also won the Rolex International Women’s Keelboat Championship in 1986. She has been named the Rolex Yachtswoman of the Year four times.
She won a bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics and a silver medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics, skippering in the women’s 470 class.
She was the starting helmsman and tactician for the all-female Mighty Mary USA-34 team for most of the 1995 America’s Cup defense trial races, until she was replaced by David Dellenbaugh in a controversial move.
With her then-husband Peter Isler, another champion sailor, she co-wrote the book "Sailing for Dummies".

</doc>
<doc id="19163042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163042" title="Tod Carter">
Tod Carter

Tod Carter (born November 18 in Chicago, Illinois) is an animation director, writer and storyboard artist who has contributed to feature films and many direct to video productions.
His contributions can be seen in "Space Jam" and Disney sequels for "Hunchback of Notre Dame", "Little Mermaid", "Tarzan", and "Fox and the Hound". He has also contributed as the head of writing and story development for many films and projects for Big Idea Productions, producers of the highly successful VeggieTales, 3-2-1 Penguins and Larryboy series.
He currently directs animated projects for Brain Freeze Entertainment, a company which he founded in 2008.
Carter's animation work also includes "Quest for Camelot", which was nominated for an Annie Award for "Outstanding Achievement in an Animated Theatrical Feature."

</doc>
<doc id="19163043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163043" title="Brucey">
Brucey

"Brucey" (also spelled Brucie or Brucy) is usually a nickname for someone with the first name or surname "Bruce". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19163052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163052" title="Prehistoric Orkney">
Prehistoric Orkney

Prehistoric Orkney refers to a period in the human occupation of the Orkney archipelago of Scotland that was the latter part of these islands' prehistory. The period of prehistory prior to occupation by the genus "Homo" is part of the geology of Scotland. Although some written records refer to Orkney during the Roman invasions of Scotland, prehistory in northern Scotland does not end until the commencement of the Early Historic Period around AD 600.
There are numerous important prehistoric remains in Orkney, especially from the Neolithic period, four of which form a World Heritage Site. There are diverse reasons for the abundance of the archaeological record. The sandstone bedrock provides easily workable stone materials and the wind-blown sands have helped preserve several sites. The relative lack of industrialisation and low incidence of ploughing also have helped to preserve these ancient monuments. Local tradition hints at both a fear and veneration of these ancient structures (perhaps inherited from the Norse period of occupation) that may have helped to retain their structural integrity.
Prehistory is conventionally divided into a number of shorter periods but differentiating these various eras of human history is a complex task – their boundaries are uncertain and the changes between them are gradual. The Paleolithic lasted until the retreat of the ice, the Mesolithic until the adoption of farming and the Neolithic until metalworking commenced. A number of the sites span long periods of time and in particular the distinctions between the Neolithic and the later periods are not clear cut. The extraordinary wealth of structures from the Neolithic is not matched either by the early periods, for which the evidence of human occupation is sparse or non-existent, or the later Bronze Age which provides a relative dearth of evidence. The subsequent Iron Age supported a return to monumental building, especially of brochs.
Formal excavations were first recorded in the late 18th century and as they proceeded an understanding of the structures involved progressed from little more than folklore to modern archaeological science. The sites discussed are found on the Orkney Mainland unless otherwise stated.
Paleolithic.
No traces have yet been found in Scotland of either a Neanderthal presence or of "Homo sapiens" during the Pleistocene interglacials. The first indications of humans occur only after the ice retreated in the 11th millennium BC and the current Flandrian interglacial began. Since that time the landscape of Orkney has been altered by both human and natural forces. Initially, sea levels were lower than at present due to the large volume of ice that remained. This meant that the Orkney islands may have been attached to the mainland, as was the present-day island of Great Britain to Continental Europe. Much of the North Sea basin was also dry land until after 4000 BC. This would have made travel to northern Scotland relatively easy for early human settlers. The subsequent isostatic rise of land makes estimating post-glacial coastlines a complex task.
Mesolithic.
The very limited archaeological record provides scant evidence of Mesolithic life in Orkney in particular and Scotland north of Inverness in general. "Lithic scatter" sites at Seatter, South Ettit, Wideford Hill, Valdigar and Loch of Stenness have produced small polished stone tools and chippings. A charred hazelnut shell, recovered during the excavations at Longhowe in Tankerness in 2007, has been dated to 6820-6660 BC. However, there is no evidence to suggest whether or not these sites were in year-round occupation and no Mesolithic burial sites have been uncovered anywhere in Scotland to date.
A recently excavated site on Stronsay has produced a thousand pieces of flint and what may be evidence of a temporary camp. With a tentative dating of 7000 BC or older it may prove to be the oldest settlement site found so far on Orkney.
About 6000 BC the Storegga Slides of the coast of Norway created a tsunami that reached above normal high tides in places. Evidence of widespread coastal inundations from a wave high has been found as far south as Fife and the impact on shore-dwelling mesolithic societies in Orkney would have been considerable.
Neolithic.
The assemblage of monumental Neolithic structures in Orkney is without parallel in the United Kingdom and on the Orkney Mainland provides an entire landscape of features from this period. During this time, complex new societies came to the fore that were a radical departure from the earlier hunter-gatherers and which were capable of creating substantial structures. The Neolithic in Scotland lasted from approximately 4000 to 2200 BC and Orkney as a whole has nearly 3,000 identified Neolithic sites all told. British archaeologists have often interpreted this era as having two distinct phases; the Earlier Neolithic dominated by regional styles of pottery and architecture followed by a relatively abrupt change into the Later Neolithic characterised by new traditions found throughout the British Isles that incorporate structures on a grander scale. In the Orcadian context, there are definite developments during the Neolithic, but the changes are gradual and tend to build on earlier ideas rather than appearing to form two distinct periods. 
The great Orcadian Neolithic monuments were constructed contemporaneously with the emergence of the Ancient Egyptian culture, more than 500 years before the building of the Great Pyramid of Giza and almost a millennium before the sarsen stones of Stonehenge were erected. At one time it was believed that this flowering of culture was essentially peripheral and that its origins were to be found to the south on mainland Great Britain. However, recently discovered evidence shows that Orkney was the starting place for much of the megalithic culture, including styles of architecture and pottery, that developed much later in the southern British Isles.
Early dwellings and chambered cairns.
Knap of Howar Neolithic farmstead is probably the oldest preserved house in northern Europe. Situated on the island of Papa Westray (which may have been combined with nearby Westray in the early Neolithic), the farmstead consists of two adjacent rounded rectangular thick-walled buildings with low doorways linked by a passageway. This structure was inhabited for 900 years from 3700 BC but was evidently built on the site of an even older settlement. Unstan ware pottery pieces were found on the site, which was only discovered in the 1920s when this part of the coastline was exposed by gales and tides.
The Barnhouse Settlement is a cluster of at least fifteen buildings, including one that may have been used for communal gatherings, occupied between 3200-2950 BC. The design of the houses, which were built above ground level, includes a central hearth, recessed box beds and stone dressers. There is a network of stone drains leading to a common ditch. Pottery of the grooved ware type, flints and stone tools have been found, as well as three flakes of pitchstone thought to have come from the Isle of Arran.
Skara Brae consists of ten clustered houses and is northern Europe's most complete Neolithic village. Occupied between 3100–2500 the houses are similar to those at Barnhouse, but they are linked by common passages and were built into a large midden containing ash, bones, shells, stone and organic waste. Only the roofs, which were probably supported by timber or whalebone, would have been visible from the outside. In each case the stone dressers were erected so that they dominated the view on entering the house through the low doors and there are elaborate carvings of unknown meaning on some of the stones in the houses and passages. A variety of bone beads, pins and pendants and four carved stone balls were also discovered at the site, which was only revealed after a storm in the winter of 1850 ripped away the grass from a covering sand dune. The existing ruins mostly belong to a secondary phase of building with the foundations of the first phase largely hidden from view.
There are two main types of chambered cairn on these islands: the Orkney/Cromarty type with a burial chamber approached through a low passage and usually divided into "stalls" by upright stone slabs, and the Maeshowe type (see below), which is a later development with a cruciform layout and an elongated passage. 
The island of Rousay has a substantial number of prehistoric sites (see also below), including fifteen of such tombs, resulting it becoming known as the "Egypt of the north". Midhowe Chambered Cairn on the western shore of the island is the finest example. The exterior walls of this large stone burial mound survive to well over head-height and the constituent stones are arranged in a herring bone pattern. The original interior chambers were simple in style and dived into two or three stalls, but were later enlarged to include twelve separate compartments set along a passageway. There are other substantial tombs at Blackhammer, Taversoe Tuick, and Yarso. Enlargement and elaboration of burial cairns as the Neolithic progressed is a theme found throughout Scotland, and the move from simple and private tombs to larger structures, some with entrances apparently designed for public gatherings may also be linked to the emergence of landscape-scale ceremonial complexes. Other chambered tombs of significance include those at Unstan and Bookan on the Mainland and Holm of Papa Westray.
Links of Noltland, a site on the north coast of the island of Westray has been excavated since the 1980s. In 2009 a lozenge-shaped figurine was discovered, which may have been carved 2500-3000 BC and is believed to be the earliest representation of a human face ever found in Scotland. The face has two dots for eyes, heavy brows and an oblong nose and a pattern of hatches on the body could represent clothing. Archaeologist Richard Strachan described it as a find of "astonishing rarity".
The Heart of Neolithic Orkney.
Skara Brae, Maeshowe, the Ring of Brodgar and the Stones of Stenness together form the Heart of Neolithic Orkney UNESCO World Heritage Site in the western part of the Orkney Mainland and which was inscribed in 1999. This small area has provided a rich archaeological heritage in a location that is relatively remote from both the main centres of population in Scotland and from more densely populated parts of Europe. However, it would be a mistake to imagine that because Orkney is so placed today that this was always so. There is a substantial amount of evidence that suggests that a variety of the smaller islands in the British Isles developed an advanced society in the Neolithic that took several centuries longer to develop on the mainland of Great Britain. It is also clear that whilst the flow of ideas and technologies in Britain has often been from the south to the north, that at this time, it is evident that Orkney played a significant role in the development of British Neolithic culture.
There is also the possibility that tribal differences were part of the Neolithic cultural landscape. Unstan Ware pottery is associated with small settlements like Knap of Howar, and stalled tombs such as Midhowe. Grooved Ware pottery on the other hand tends to be associated with larger 'village' settlements like Skara Brae and Barnhouse, and with Maes Howe style tombs.
Maeshowe.
Dating from about 3000 BC, Maeshowe is a large chambered cairn and passage grave. "Howe" as an element in a name, from the Old Norse word "haugr" meaning mound or barrow, is common throughout Orkney. The grass mound hides a complex of passages and chambers built of carefully crafted slabs of sandstone that in scale and accomplishment has few equals in prehistoric Europe. It is aligned so that the rear wall of its central chamber, a rough cube of is illuminated on the winter solstice. It gives its name to the Maeshowe type of chambered cairns, (see above) that include other significant sites such as Cuween Hill, Quanterness and Wideford Hill, and at Quoyness on Sanday.
After it fell into disuse during the Bronze Age, Maeshowe was re-opened and used centuries later by Vikings from about the 9th to the 12th centuries AD. The Norsemen left a series of runic inscriptions on the stone walls of the chamber, some of which were left by a group of crusaders in the winter of 1153–54. Over thirty individual inscriptions remain, one of the largest such collections in Europe.
Ring of Brodgar.
The Ring of Brodgar is a henge and stone circle in diameter, originally made of 60 stones (of which only 27 remain standing) set within a circular ditch up to deep and wide. Some of the remaining stones are high and it has been estimated that the ditch alone took 80,000 man-hours to construct. The ring stands on a small isthmus between the Lochs of Stenness and Harray and it is generally thought to have been erected between 2500 BC and 2000 BC.
Excavations by Orkney College at the nearby Ness of Brodgar site between the Ring and the Stones of Stenness have revealed several buildings, both ritual and domestic and the works suggest there are likely to be more in the vicinity. One structure appears to be long by wide. Pottery, bones, stone tools and polished stone mace heads have also been discovered. Perhaps the most important find is the remains of a large stone wall which may have been long and or more wide. It appears to traverse the entire peninsula the site is on and may have been a symbolic barrier between the ritual landscape of the Ring and the mundane world around it.
In 2010 a rock coloured red, orange and yellow was unearthed. Although containers of pigments have been found previously at sites such as Skara Brae, this was the first discovery in Britain, and possibly in Northern Europe, of evidence that Neolithic peoples used paint to decorate their buildings. It is thought that the primitive paint could have been made from iron ore, mixed with animal fat, milk or eggs. Only a week later a stone with a zigzag chevron pattern painted with a red pigment was discovered nearby.
Stones of Stenness.
The Stones of Stenness are five remaining megaliths of a henge, the largest of which is high. The site is thought to date from 3100 BC, one of the earliest dates for a henge anywhere in Britain. The Stones are part of a landscape that evidently had considerable ritual significance for the "Grooved ware people". The Ring of Brodgar lies about to the north-west, and Maeshowe is a similar distance to the east. Barnhouse is only to the north.
The existing megaliths were originally part of an elliptical shaped stone circle of 12 stones, about in diameter surrounded by a ditch that was wide and deep and with a single entrance causeway on the north side that faces towards the Barnhouse Settlement. The Watch Stone stands outside the circle to the north-west and is high. Other smaller stones include a square stone like a huge hearth setting in the centre of the circle and this along with the bones of cattle, sheep, wolves and dogs found in the ditch suggest ritual sacrifice and feasting.
Even in the 18th century the site was still associated with traditions and rituals, by then relating to Norse gods. The "Odin Stone" was pierced with a circular hole, and was used by local couples for plighting engagements by holding hands through the gap. In the early 19th century a local landowner and recent immigrant to Orkney decided to remove the Stones on the grounds that local people were trespassing and disturbing his land in using the stones. He started in December 1814 by smashing the Odin Stone. This caused outrage and he was stopped after destroying one other stone and toppling another. The toppled stone was re-erected in 1906 along with some inaccurate reconstruction inside the circle.
Other Late Neolithic sites.
The Isbister Chambered Cairn, popularly known as the "Tomb of the Eagles" is located on the cliffs of South Ronaldsay. This chambered tomb was in use for 800 years or more from 3150 BC, and has five separate stalls and three side-chambers. 16,000 human bones were found during the excavations, as well as 725 bird bones, predominantly White-tailed Sea Eagle and over of pottery shards.
The Dwarfie Stane tomb on the island of Hoy is made from a single huge block of red sandstone with a hollowed-out central chamber. This style is quite unlike any other Neolithic Orkney site and probably dates from about 2500 BC. It was the first Orcadian ancient monument to be described in writing, appearing in the 16th century "Descriptio Insularum Orchadiarum" by Joannem Ben who provided the explanation for its existence as having been built and used by giants.
Bronze Age.
The Bronze Age in Scotland lasted from approximately 2200 BC to 800 BC and northern Scotland has produced a relative dearth of remains from this period in comparison to the Neolithic and later Iron Age. This may in part be due to deteriorating weather conditions in the second millennium BC. In Orkney, fewer large stone structures were built during this period, burials were now being made in small cists well away from the great megalithic sites and a new Beaker culture began to dominate. Nonetheless the great ceremonial circles continued in use as bronze metalworking was slowly introduced to Scotland from Europe over a lengthy period. There is agreement amongst historians that from about 1000 BC it is legitimate to talk of a Celtic culture in Scotland, although the nature of the Orcadian Celtic civilisation and their relationships to their neighbours remains largely unknown. 
In addition to various Mainland sites such as Knowes of Trotty, Kirbuster Hill and the impressive Plumcake Mound near the Ring of Brodgar there are various Bronze Age structures on other islands such as Tofts Ness on Sanday, Warness on Eday, the remains of two houses on Holm of Faray, and a burnt mound and farmstead on Auskerry.
Iron Age.
Early Iron Age.
The Iron Age provides numerous substantial building remains. In the 1970s excavations at Quanterness, near the site of the Neolithic chambered tomb, revealed an Atlantic roundhouse. This was built about 700 BC using stone stripped from the older building that had fallen into disuse some two millennia previously. Numerous similar finds have been made at for example, Bu on the Mainland and Pierowall Quarry on Westray. These are also many impressive broch sites. These are substantial stone towers that developed out of the roundhouse tradition in north and west Scotland, whose dry-stone walls may have reached in height. Although Orkney has no broch towers where the surviving walls are more than a few metres high, several important sites have been excavated which have numerous associated buildings forming a "broch village".
Midhowe Broch lies close to the chambered cairn of the same name on Rousay. There appear to have been at least two separate periods of occupation and at some point buttresses were added to the exterior of the wall, suggesting the structure was in need of support. It is one of 11 broch sites on either side of the Eynhallow Sound. Burroughston Broch on the island of Shapinsay was built in the second half of the first millennium BC and excavated in the mid 19th century. Its earth cladding is intact, allowing visitors to peer down into the broch from above. The walls are up to thick in places and there is a complete chamber off the entrance passage. The remains of stone furniture are evident in the interior. 
Mine Howe, located near Tankerness in the parish of St Andrews, is a prehistoric subterranean man-made chamber dug deep inside a large mound. Its purpose is not obvious. The walls are lined with stones fitted to form an arch over the cavity and steep steps lead to a rock floor. The entrance is at the top of the small hill and there is a surrounding ditch and evidence of sophisticated metal working around the site. The Rennibister Earth House is a souterrain consisting of an oval chamber with a corbelled roof supported by pillars. Although these structures are usually associated with the storage of food this site is reminiscent of the Neolithic chambered tombs and excavations revealed 18 human skeletons.
Wheelhouses are stone buildings from the later Iron Age whose characteristic features include an outer wall within which a circle of stone piers (bearing a resemblance to the spokes of a wheel) form the basis for lintel arches supporting corbelled roofing with a hearth at the hub. Eight presumed sites have been identified in Orkney although the style is different from those of Shetland and the Western Isles. The Orkney sites are four on Sanday, one on Calf of Eday, one at Hillock of Burroughston on Shapinsay and two on the Mainland at Burrian Broch and Broch of Gurness.
The influence of Rome.
For a brief period Orkney emerged from prehistory and into protohistory. The Greek explorer Pytheas visited Britain sometime between 322 and 285 BC and may have circumnavigated the mainland. In his "On the Ocean" he refers to the most northerly point as "Orcas", conceivably a reference to Orkney.
Remarkably, the earliest written record of a formal connection between Rome and Scotland is the attendance of the "King of Orkney" who was one of eleven British kings who submitted to the Emperor Claudius at Colchester in AD 43 following the invasion of southern Britain three months earlier. The long distances and short period of time involved strongly suggest a prior connection between Rome and Orkney, although no evidence of this has been found and the contrast with later Caledonian resistance to Rome is striking. Pomponius Mela, the Roman geographer, recorded in his "De Chorographia", written c. 43 AD, that there were thirty Orkney islands. There is certainly evidence of an Orcadian connection with Rome prior to AD 60 from pottery found at the Broch of Gurness and 1st and 2nd century Roman coins have been found at Lingro broch.
The Roman presence in Scotland was however little more than a series of relatively brief interludes of partial military occupation. As Roman influence waned in Scotland from 211 onwards, Orkney faded from history again and the Celtic Iron Age way of life continued, largely unchanged.
Pictish rule.
In the centuries following Rome's excursions into Scottish territory Orkney was, at least for a time, part of the Pictish kingdom. Very little is known about the Pictish Orcadians, the main archaeological relics being symbol stones. One of the best examples is located on the Brough of Birsay; it shows 3 warriors with spears and sword scabbards combined with traditional Pictish symbols. This small tidal island has a long history of settlement that continued into the Norse period.
Adomnan, the biographer of St Columba, states that there were Orcadians at the court of the Pictish High King, Bridei, in AD 565. These Orcadians were described as "hostages" which could imply difficult relations between Orkney and the king, although they may have simply been guests at the court. A Pictish cemetery was found in the grounds of Skaill House (adjacent to Skara Brae) in 1996.
Christianity probably arrived in Orkney in the 6th century and organised church authority emerged in the 8th century. The Buckquoy spindle-whorl found at a Pictish site on Birsay is an Ogham–inscribed artefact whose interpretation has caused controversy although it is now generally considered to be of both Irish and Christian in origin. Evidence associated with the St Boniface Church on Papa Westray suggests this island have been the seat of the Christian bishopric of Orkney in Pictish times. The 8th century was also the time the Viking invasions of the Scottish seaboard commenced and with them came the arrival of a new culture and language for the Orkney islands. The Norse era has provided a variety of written records, the substantial Orkneyinga Saga amongst them and at this point the archipelago fully emerges into the historic era.
Archaeological history.
Formal excavations are first recorded at Earl's Knoll on Papa Stronsay in the Statistical Account of Scotland in 1795. As with the Dwarfie Stane, the mound was assumed to be a giant's grave at the time. Following soon after this, work on the "Picts-house" (i.e. chambered tomb) at Quanterness commenced, but little else of note was achieved until the mid 19th century. F. W. L. Thomas, whose day job was as a Captain in the Royal Navy published "The Celtic Antiquities of Orkney" in 1852, which listed various sites and aimed to interest "antiquarians" in the subject. His hopes were met and about a dozen chambered tombs were worked on between 1849 and 1867 by James Farrer, R.J. Hebden and George Petrie. However, other than work at Unstan near Stromness there was then a lull for about six decades. Then, from the late 1920s, work recommenced with the assistance of the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland and the Ministry of Works. The most eminent archaeologist to work here at this time was Vere Gordon Childe. He was involved in excavations at Skara Brae and Rinyo, but it was only when a shard of pottery was discovered at the latter site that it became understood that these settlements dated to the Neolithic rather than the Iron Age. A further 18 tombs were excavated before 1950, including five on Eday and one on the Calf of Eday and by the 1960s the outlines of a modern understanding of Orcadian prehistory had emerged. The advent of radiocarbon dating enabled even more detailed dates to be established and refuted earlier theories that the chambered tombs of Orkney had developed from similar structures found in the Eastern Mediterranean, such as those built by the Minoans, when it became clear that the former pre-dated the latter by a considerable margin.
See also.
Other prehistoric sites in Orkney
Structures
Prehistoric Scotland
Prehistoric British Isles
Prehistoric Europe
International

</doc>
<doc id="19163057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163057" title="Party of Regions (Poland)">
Party of Regions (Poland)

The Party of Regions () is a Polish non-parliamentary political party created in November 2007 (registered in February 2008). The Party of Regions was created by former members of Self-Defence after the parliamentary election in 2007, when Self-Defence support collapsed to far less than the 5% electoral threshold giving them no seats in the new legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="19163064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163064" title="Bush discography">
Bush discography

The discography of Bush, an English rock band, consists of five studio albums, one live album, two compilation albums, and eighteen singles released on Interscope Records. The band, which had released four studio albums so far, separated in 2002. They reunited in 2010 and released their fifth album, "The Sea of Memories", in the fall 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19163081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163081" title="Alexei Collado">
Alexei Collado

Alexei Collado Acosta (b February 13, 1988 at Havana) is a Cuban boxer best known to win the Junior World title 2006 at flyweight.
Amateur.
In 2006 he beat Khalid Saeed Yafai and Luis Yanez in Agadir for the Junior World title. In 2007 and 2008 he lost at the senior national championships to the experienced Andry Laffita.
Pro.
In 2008 he joined Ismaikel Pérez and Luis Garcia to turn pro at super bantamweight in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19163093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163093" title="Eve (2008 film)">
Eve (2008 film)

Eve is a short film directed by Natalie Portman, starring Olivia Thirlby, Lauren Bacall and Ben Gazzara. The film, Portman's directorial debut, premiered at the 65th Venice International Film Festival on September 1, 2008 in Venice, Italy; Portman attended the premiere. The film opened the festival's short film section, called "corto-cortissimo" (English: "short and shortest"), and was screened alongside 23 other films from around the world. The 22-minute film is about a girl who intrudes on her grandmother's romantic date and contains music by Sufjan Stevens. 

</doc>
<doc id="19163094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163094" title="Pamela Healy">
Pamela Healy

Pamela Katherine Healy (born June 24, 1963 in San Francisco, California) is a retired female sailor from the United States, who won a bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. She did so in the 470 class, alongside Jennifer Isler. 
Pam grew up sailing in the SF Bay Area. Her parents, John and Mary Poletti, sailed in the large (at the time) Cal-20 fleet. Pam learned to sail in her yellow El Toro named "Woodstock" with the likes of John Kostecki at the Richmond Yacht Club where she met her husband Craig Healy. Pam later was invited to become one of the first female members of the St. Francis Yacht Club at the age of 13 when the St. Francis had to let in a certain number of women if they wanted to keep their non-profit status because the yacht club is on U.S. Federal property in the Presidio. 
Pam resides in Marin County with her husband, Craig, and their three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19163097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163097" title="Bryan Ingham">
Bryan Ingham

Bryan Ingham (1936–1997) was an English artist born in Yorkshire who specialised in painting, etching and sculpture.
Early life.
Bryan Ingham was born and raised in Yorkshire’s Calder Valley, in one of its many terraced houses, and the surrounding moorlands, a landscape that profoundly marked his later artistic language. His father George was a sales rep for men's clothing, and his mother Alice took in sewing from time to time when the family finances required. He was unsuccessful academically at school, but had a warm family life; his uncle, Leslie Ingham, who lived for much of the time in the household, gave him an early exposure to and love of literature and music and as a result Ingham became as an adult very well read, with a particular zest for and knowledge of poetry.
On leaving school he worked for a time in a department store and acquired an affection for the business’s traditional standards and his fellow workers. He was an enthusiastic cricketer and had a trial for Yorkshire; it was one of his regrets that having been born in a hospital two or three miles into Lancashire he was disqualified from playing for the county but as he was not selected this remained purely a sentiment.His affection for his Yorkshire roots never left him.
For his National Service he joined the RAF, and spent his time in Germany as an airman employed in a number of what he regarded as tedious tasks before ending up in charge of the stores at RAF Celle under a laissez-faire sergeant, where he became an enthusiastic operator of the ways and means act. On demob, his final report said “Ingham is an artistic sort of airman.” In his spare time he had started painting in oils, and by the time he left the RAF he had completed a large number of paintings.
Career.
On his return from Germany, he announced to his parents that he intended to become a painter and his father’s delight on thinking that he intended to be a painter and decorator was short-lived to be replaced by bemused acceptance. Despite their misgivings, they supported Ingham staunchly through his early and later career, and his father’s allowance paid Ingham’s rent right through his college career.
Training and teaching.
He went up to London's St Martin’s School of Art, where he was fortunate to have the tuition of a fine post-war generation of teachers who helped him to hone his draughtsmanship and other skills, and he swiftly showed a capacity for painting that drew the attention of his tutors and peers. On graduating he was offered and accepted a post-graduate place at the Royal College of Art, where in his second year he was awarded a Royal Scholarship and was a contemporary of a number of now better-known names including David Hockney. He was establishing a reputation for bolshiness with his teachers, and in later years he admitted, a degree of arrogance. It did not stop his talent being appreciated by the staff including his director Carel Weight. 
It was at the RSA that he made his first acquaintance with etching. Ingham was to become one of the most notable etchers of the second half of the 20th century, remarkable for the size and quality of his plates, which he often attacked in a style he called “quarrying.” He was by then established himself in a fine studio in Fournier St, off Brick Lane and teaching part of the time at Maidstone College of Art, enjoying among others the company of Quentin Crisp, who was a life model there at the time, particularly on the train journeys up and down, during which Crisp entertained outrageously.
Travels in Italy.
Ingham had been fascinated by Italy since his youth, undeterred by an early and disastrous visit with Leslie, who during the trip started the descent into madness that ultimately led to his suicide. Ingham applied for and received a Leverhulme travel award to explore the sites of the great Renaissance painters, and spent many happy months engaged in this expedition, and as a parenthesis turned up at the English Art school in Rome, where he lived well and busied himself the same studio that Barbara Hepworth had used.
Settling in Cornwall.
At this stage of his career, Ingham consciously rejected the prospect of pursuing a career as an establishment artist, although the RA was open to him, and he went to live in remote cottage on the west side of Predannack Airfield on The Lizard, a location yards from the cliffs and devoid of electricity and running water. He was to keep the cottage for the rest of his life.
The subsequent years were varied and highly productive, and Ingham’s personal artistic voice emerged in his oeuvre in the form of an always-developing dialogue with influences both of landscape and other artists of every age. His preoccupation with etching resulted in several hundred plates, some very large, and the results are as unmistakable as they are varied, but invariably of outstanding quality. He produced a number of sculptures in bronze and in plaster, while his lifelong output of paintings remained small but again of very high quality. 
He taught etching regularly until about 5 years before his death, latterly at Falmouth Art School, and also at Farnham Art College. His trips to London, always dapper in country suit and bow-tie, on selling expeditions, were usually successful and always convivial, ritually ending with a very hot curry and the sleeper back to Penzance.
Ingham was great raconteur and had a facility for friendship surprising for one who led what was for the most part a reclusive life. He had many love affairs over the years, two of which were long-term relationships and he was married for a brief period in the early 90’s to Aysel Osäkin, a writer and poet of Turkish nationality, who figures in a number of his etchings of the period. The earlier of these relationships, with Stella Benjamin, who remained a close friend until his death, brought him over to St Ives where for some years he had a studio in Back Road West. He always retained his Lizard retreat, and indeed for a long time his Fournier St studio.
German connection.
In the late 80s a chance meeting on the Lizard coast path with some German visitors, Sigrid and Uwe Martin, resulted in an invitation to spend time on a bursary on the north German coast at Worpswede, where he felt very much at home and to which he returned regularly thereafter. His new friends persuaded him to undergo surgery to improve his lifelong deafness. The success of this resulted, among other benefits, in a new foray into colour in his work. His stays here stimulated him to produce much fine work including for the first time a number of collages. His work was much admired in Germany and he was always sure of regular and lucrative informal shows there. The Kunsthalle held an exhibition of his work.
Later life.
During the late eighties he established a relationship with Francis Graham-Dixon, the art dealer, who at that time had a London gallery. The relationship meant that his paintings were professionally marketed for the first time, and prices for his work increased steadily in the last ten years of his life, and subsequently. He purchased a cottage in Helston for his parents, who lived there until their deaths. His friendship with Josephine Gooden resulted in his conversion of a barn adjoining her Lizard farmhouse and he lived there for some years in more comfort than in his cottage which he nonetheless always retained. He moved from there into a fine set of barn-type studios with a patch of garden, a former orchard, quietly situated off the High St in Helston, and it was here that he died, having stoicly endured cancer for nearly a year. 
His paintings are in many public and private collections in the UK, Germany and elsewhere.
During his final six months he recorded a lengthy memoir and artistic testament in the course of a number of conversations. These include an remarkable disquisition on the craft of the etcher.
"There is the argument that by going down many false paths one has enriched one's vocabulary, if only minimally, but positively enriched it. That is one reason why the best of my later etchings are strong. And inimitable, because nobody else has gone up and down those various pathways. Because most people have chosen to stick to just one pathway, not the pathways of construction, collage, oil painting, drawing, etching lithograph and of their various components. I've been up and down a hell of a lot of pathways. If one had another lifetime, another sixty years, to work, one would certainly do startling work. But its taken all of that time just to arrive at the beginning. I feel that about my etching. I feel that about my painting, and to a lesser extent about my sculpture. Well, that's an apprenticeship, and a good apprenticeship. But should an apprenticeship last 45 years?"

</doc>
<doc id="19163098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163098" title="William A. Chatfield">
William A. Chatfield

William Austin Chatfield is an American government executive and lobbyist who served as the 11th Director of Selective Service from November 29, 2004 to May 29, 2009, having been nominated by President George W. Bush and confirmed by the U.S. Senate. He was directly responsible to the President for the management of the Selective Service System. 
Prior to this, Chatfield, a Texan, had worked over 30 years in the executive and legislative branches of the Federal government. 
He commenced public service with the Doorkeeper of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1978 through 1979, and performed in several appointed positions of increasing responsibility from 1980 through 1987 in the Reagan Administration. He served on the staff of the Deputy Undersecretary for Policy at the Department of Defense; as a Regional Director of the Civil Aeronautics Board; Special Assistant to the Director, Office of Personnel Management; Assistant to the Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission; Special Assistant for Congressional Liaison in the Department of the Interior; and Staff Advisor to the Commissioner at the Interstate Commerce Commission. 
From 1987 until his appointment with the Selective Service, he was a lobbyist and in 1989, established Kindness & Chatfield Associates, a lobbying firm with former Congressman Tom Kindness .
Chatfield attended Union College, majoring in political science and criminal justice, and continued studies at American University. He is a veteran of the United States Marine Corps, with 35 years of active duty and reserve service.

</doc>
<doc id="19163103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163103" title="VIS Idoli (album)">
VIS Idoli (album)

VIS Idoli is a collection of four albums by Serbian rock band Idoli. The albums included in the set are:
They are all released with the same track listing and design as the original albums except for the VIS Idoli EP which features the band's second single as bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19163110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163110" title="Anna und die Liebe">
Anna und die Liebe

Anna und die Liebe ("Anna and Love") is the eleventh Telenovela made in Germany. It has aired since August 25, 2008 on German channel Sat.1 and Austrian Channel ORF 1.
Summary.
In its first season, Anna Polauke is extremely shy. In front of strange and important people, she can't utter a single word or simply starts to stutter. She works at her mother's restaurant "Goldelse" ("Golden Elisabeth"), dreaming about working at the advertising agency "Broda & Broda".
Because of her impediment, her job interview ends up being a disaster. Also, she suffers from her stepfather Armin and her half-sister Katja. Armin is annoyed, because Anna still loves her missing father overall, Katja hates Anna realizing that she isn't as intelligent as Anna.
When Anna meets Jonas Broda, junior director of "Broda & Broda", she just wants only one thing: As soon as possible Working at the advertising agency and be around Jonas.
But her halfsister Katja steals Anna's idea for a campaign for a perfume and gets a job at "Broda & Broda". Anna manages to get a job as a runner at "Broda & Broda" - and without her creative ideas, Katja would lose her job at "Broda & Broda". She wins Jonas for herself, while Anna is still seen as a talentless runner.
The first season (episode 1-311) revolved around Anna and Jonas. Jeanette Biedermann (Anna) took a break from the show, to focus on her music career, with her new album (Undress to the Beat). Due to its ratings success, Sat.1 ordered more episodes. Since its launch, the telenovela had four seasons (consecutively). Each season would focus on the protagonist (not necessarily Anna) and their "love". The second season was mainly about Mia and Alexander (episode 312-564). Third season (with Jeanette Biedermann's return to the show) centered around Anna with Tom and Enrique (episode 565-798). Fourth and final season (episode 799 to 926) is with Nina and Luca.

</doc>
<doc id="19163114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163114" title="WMQA-FM">
WMQA-FM

WMQA-FM, "KOOL 95.9," is an American FM radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Licensed to Minocqua, Wisconsin, the station began broadcasting in 1975.
The station features news from FOX Radio Networks and programming from Dial Global. WMQA-FM uses Dial Global's Classic Hits/Pop format outside of the live and local morning show.
With a 25,000-watt signal, the station covers a portion of northwestern Wisconsin and some of the western Upper Peninsula of Michigan, including the Wisconsin cities of Minocqua, Rhinelander, Lac du Flambeau, Tomahawk, and Eagle River.
From its sign-on in 1975 until 1992, the station operated under the calls WWMH (We're Woodruff, Minocqua Hazelhurst), with a mixture of MOR and country music. An AM sister station, 1570 WFBZ (later WMYM and WMQA-AM, now WLKD) was added in 1981. As WWMH, the station was an affiliate of Casey Kasem's American Top 40 in the mid-1980s.
1992 brought a change in calls to the current WMQA-FM and a power increase from 5,000 to 25,000 watts. At this time, the station changed formats to an adult contemporary station under the moniker "FM 96". As an AC station, the station went by the names "Soft Rock 96" and "Northern Lites 96 WMQA".
On August 29, 2008, the station dropped the AC format and "Northern Lites" name to become "Oldies 95.9." The station's competition in the Oldies format is WRJO-FM in Eagle River. WRJO (when local and not airing a different Classic Hits/Pop satellite feed from Dial Global) is more 1950s and 1960s oriented and WMQA's Dial Global programming leans more toward 1960s and 1970s (and some early 1980s) with a more upbeat and personality presentation.

</doc>
<doc id="19163123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163123" title="Alfred Hallett">
Alfred Hallett

Alfred W. Hallett (1914–1986) was an English artist. 
He wanted to study art from the time he was young but his parents were members of the Exclusive Bretheren sect and his mother faced excommunication for encouraging him. He studied in London, and exhibited in two Summer Exhibitions in 1937 and 1939 at the Royal Academy, London, although he never became a Royal Academician. In 1938, he was invited to India to paint by the Kashmiri owner of Nedou's Hotel in Srinigar.
He offered his services to the British Government during World War II, but refused to take up arms. He was given a job as a censor, and rose to the position of Chief Censor in the Punjab. 
He became the manager of sales and design after the war for the New Egerton Woollen Mills (established in 1880) in Dhariwal, Punjab, which produced woollen worsted and hosiery of all kinds. He was close friends with the accountant, Mr. Kim Butterworth and his wife Jean. 
After the end of the war, Alfred decided to stay in India. After the Partition of India in 1947 he and the Butterworth family frequently went on camping trips together in the mountains during the summers. They finally bought a church property previously used for furloughs by missionaries at Dharamkot, set amongst snow-capped mountains in beautiful deodar forests, well above McLeod Ganj, Dharamsala, at an altitude of about 2,200 metres (7,218 feet). 
He was a keen gardener and developed a friendship with H.H. the 14th Dalai Lama with whom he used to share cuttings, seeds and gardening tips. In later years he repaired a lovely stone cottage, known as "Carlton Cottage" on his property which he rented to foreigners to generate some income. The house had been built by a retired English Major in the 1840s, who had originally tried to establish a strawberry farm nearby, but it was badly damaged in the massive and deadly 1905 Kangra earthquake.
He was well known for his portraits, landscape and flower paintings some of which are exhibited at the Naam Art Gallery in the small rural locality of Sidhbari, near Dharamshala in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. He also painted imaginative religious and abstract paintings, some of which may be seen in the Catholic Church and school in Amritsar.
He died at his home in Dharamkot on 26 April 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19163136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163136" title="Bohdan Kohut">
Bohdan Kohut

Bohdan Kohut (; born 10 October 1987 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian footballer who currently plays for Ukrainian First League club FC Sevastopol. 
He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.
In August 2011 he signed contract with Ukrainian First League's club FC Sevastopol to June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19163150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163150" title="Jeffery Dench">
Jeffery Dench

Jeffery Dench (born 1928) is an English actor, who lives in Stratford-upon-Avon. He is the older brother of actress Judi Dench.
Personal life.
Jeffery Dench was born in Tyldesley,Manchester, Lancashire, the son of Eleanora Olave (née Jones), a native of Dublin, and Reginald Arthur Dench, a doctor who met Jeffery's mother while studying medicine at Trinity College, Dublin. Jeff lived in Tyldesley, near Leigh, Lancashire, with his brother, Peter. Later, the family moved to York, where Judith was born.
Jeffery attended St Peter's, York, where he began acting with the role of Cleopatra in George Bernard Shaw's Caesar and Cleopatra. He spent his national service at an army theatre in Catterick before attending the Central School of Speech and Drama. It was here that he met his wife Betty, who was working as a speech therapist.
Jeffery moved to Clifford Chambers and joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1963, where he worked for many years.
With his wife Betty, Jeffery has three daughters: Sarah, a teacher who lives in Brailes; Clare, who lives in Shiplake; and Emma, a Roman historian previously at Birkbeck, University of London, and currently at Harvard University, in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Jeffery's wife, Betty, died from a heart attack on 11 January 2002. After his wife's death, Jeffery married Ann Curtis, a costume designer for the RSC and longtime family friend.

</doc>
<doc id="19163154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163154" title="1963–64 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1963–64 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1963–64 campaign was mainly a season of nothingness for the Terriers. They finished 12th in Division 2. Their only main high point of the season was reaching the 5th round of the FA Cup, before losing to Burnley.
Review.
Following the previous season's impressive performances and the acquisition of Kevin Lewis from Liverpool, many thought that Town's chances of promotion back to Division 1 for the first time since 1956. Town mainly won or lost their first 16 league games of the season. The form was inconsistent throughout a large portion of the season. Only during the second half of the season did Town's form start to stabilise, but it improved enough for Town not to be involved in a relegation dogfight to Division 3. They finished in 12th place with 40 points.
The main high points of the season came in the FA Cup, when they beat Plymouth Argyle (one of 6 times Town met Argyle during the season), followed by an amazing win at Stamford Bridge over Division 1 Chelsea, before bowing out to Burnley at Turf Moor.

</doc>
<doc id="19163170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163170" title="Bohdan Mel'nychenko">
Bohdan Mel'nychenko

Bohdan Mel'nychenko (born 15 May 1989 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian footballer who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19163207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163207" title="Pál Szekeres">
Pál Szekeres

Pál Szekeres, born September 22, 1964 in Budapest, is a Hungarian fencer. He has the distinction of being the first person to have won medals at both the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Career in sport.
Szekeres represented Hungary at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, and won a bronze medal in the team foil event.
In 1991, he was injured in a bus accident, and used a wheelchair. He then took to wheelchair fencing. Described as "the most successful Paralympic athlete in Hungary", he won a gold medal in foil at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, two gold at the 1996 Games in Atlanta, a bronze in 2000 and another bronze in 2004. He will be participating in the Paralympic Games for the fifth time at the Beijing Paralympics in 2008. Outside the Paralympic Games, Szekeres participated in the Wheelchair Fencing World Cup in 2006, winning a bronze medal in the individual sabre event. He has also been European Champion, notably winning gold in the individual sabre event at the European Championships in 2007. He is ranked third in the world.
Career in government and administration.
From 1999 to 2005, Szekeres was deputy state secretary within the Ministry of Children, Youth and Sports. He was also Ministerial Commissioner and Senior Programme Officer tasked with a government programme to provide "equal opportunity through sport for people living with disabilities". From 1996 to 2000, he was a member of the Presidency of the International Wheelchair Fencing Committee. From 2001 to 2005, he was "member at large" of the European Paralympic Committee, working in administration. In 2005, he became President of the Hungarian Sports Federation for the Disabled. , Szekeres was a member of the Executive Committee of the National Paralympic Committee of Hungary, and was participating in the organising of the International Paralympic Sport Film Festival.
Szekeres has a university degree in physical education as a coach, and also holds a degree in marketing communication.

</doc>
<doc id="19163210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163210" title="Oleksiy Omel'chenko">
Oleksiy Omel'chenko

Oleksiy Omel'chenko (born 20 June 1989 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv. He is the product of the Karpaty Lviv Youth School System.

</doc>
<doc id="19163226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163226" title="Hugh Clark (actor)">
Hugh Clark (actor)

Hugh Clark (died 1653) was a prominent English actor of the Caroline era. He worked in both of the main theatre companies of his time, Queen Henrietta's Men and the King's Men.
Clark was with Queen Henrietta's Men during the first and most significant phase of their existence, from 1625 to 1636. Like some other actors of English Renaissance theatre, Clark began as a boy player filling female roles. He played Gratiana in Shirley's "The Wedding" in 1626, and Bess Bridges in both parts of Heywood's "The Fair Maid of the West" in 1630–31.
Not long after that time, though, Clark switched to adult male roles. He played Syphax and Nuntius in Nabbes's "Hannibal and Scipio" (1635), and Hubert in Davenport's "King John and Matilda".
The Queen Henrietta's company was disrupted and fractured by the bubonic plague epidemic of 1636–37. Clark, like some other members of the troupe, disappears from the available records in 1637 and 1638; he may have been one of several actors from the company who travelled with James Shirley to Dublin to work at the Werburgh Street Theatre.
By 1639, however, Clark was back in London and a member of the King's Men; he appeared in their revival of "The Custom of the Country" in that year. He was a sharer in the company by January 1641, when he was one of the six sharers who were named Grooms of the Chamber. As a member of the company, he was one of the ten actors who signed the dedication of the first Beaumont and Fletcher folio in 1647. He was also involved in the January 1648 attempt to revive the company (which failed by the summer of that year, when the actors missed a payment due), despite the fact that the theatres had been closed by the Puritan regime of the English Commonwealth.

</doc>
<doc id="19163235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163235" title="List of rulers of Afghanistan">
List of rulers of Afghanistan

This is a list of rulers and office-holders of 

</doc>
<doc id="19163251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163251" title="Landfall (film)">
Landfall (film)

Landfall is a 1949 British war film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Michael Denison, Patricia Plunkett and Kathleen Harrison. It is based on the 1940 novel, "", written by author Nevil Shute.
Synopsis.
A British coastal command pilot sinks what he believesto be a German submarine, which had sunk a British submarine, for which sinking the pilot is blamed . He is charged with neglect, and volunteers for a deadly mission. His girlfriend meanwhile tries to prove that he is innocent, and did sink a German U-boat rather than a British one.

</doc>
<doc id="19163253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163253" title="Yuriy Habovda">
Yuriy Habovda

Yuriy Habovda (; born 6 May 1989 in Mukachevo, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club SC Tavriya Simferopol.
Habovda made his debut for FC Karpaty Lviv entering as a second-half substitute against FC Dynamo Kyiv on 24 April 2010 in Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19163259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19163259" title="Elizabeth D. &quot;Betty&quot; Phillips">
Elizabeth D. &quot;Betty&quot; Phillips

Elizabeth D. “Betty” Phillips (née Capaldi) is the provost and executive vice president of Arizona State University. She is also a professor of psychology.
Career.
1. Arizona State University
Phillips became the university provost and executive vice president at Arizona State University in July 2006. She is ASU’s chief academic officer, overseeing 23 colleges and fostering excellence in teaching, research and service to the community. She directs the university’s efforts in strategic redesign of its academic mission to achieve the vision of The New American University, represents the university to external agencies and constituencies, and engages in ASU's fundraising initiatives.
Since arriving at ASU, Phillips has led a university-wide effort to increase student retention that resulted in a gain of more than three percent in only 2 years. Under her direction, ASU instituted a new model for academic advising that transferred procedural functions such as course planning to an online tool called eAdvisor and freed academic advisors to become more involved with their students. eAdvisor is based on a system that Capaldi developed at the University of Florida that resulted in a seven-percent gain in UF’s graduation rate.
Phillips is also leading an ASU partnership with the Council for Aid to Education to conduct research on student learning in key areas such as critical thinking and reasoning. The results will be used to improve undergraduate teaching.
2. The State University of New York
From December 2003 to July 2006, Phillips was the vice chancellor and chief of staff of The State University of New York, where her responsibilities included strategic planning, coordinating the activities of the vice chancellors to build quality across the SUNY system, and serving as the main liaison between system administration and the campuses. She was officer in charge in the chancellor’s absence.
3. University at Buffalo, State University of New York
Phillips served as provost and professor of psychology at the University at Buffalo, SUNY. As provost she stabilized the university’s budget, which allowed increased faculty hiring and scholarship support that improved the quality and diversity of the student body. She oversaw a substantial increase in sponsored research at UB, and supported technology transfer and economic development for Buffalo. During her tenure, UB created the Office of Science, Technology Transfer and Economic Outreach. 
4. University of Florida
At the University of Florida, Phillips served as provost and professor of psychology. She played a key role in improving sponsored research and technology transfer, and was instrumental in a new student advising system produced seven percent gain in UF’s graduation rate.
5. Purdue University
Phillips was a professor of psychology at Purdue University and served as head of Purdue’s Department of Psychological Sciences and assistant dean of Purdue's Graduate School.
Research.
1. Phillips’ research focuses on learning and motivation with particular emphasis on the psychology of eating. She has contributed over 65 chapters and articles to the scientific literature, co-authored three editions of an introductory psychology textbook, and edited two books on the psychology of eating.
2. Phillips co-directs The Center for Measuring University Performance with Dr. John Lombardi, president of the Louisiana State University system. The Center publishes analysis and publicly reported data that provide an unbiased alternative to traditional research university rankings.
Service & Awards.
Phillips is past president of the Association for Psychological Science (2000-2001) and of the Midwestern Psychological Association (1991). She was elected to fellow status in the American Psychological Association, the American Psychological Society, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Her other honors and awards include election to the Friends of Students Hall of Fame at the University of Florida in 2000, and the Citizen of the Year award from the New York State Society of Professional Engineers in 2003.
Education.
Phillips received her bachelor's degree from the University of Rochester in 1965 and her Ph.D. degree in experimental psychology from the University of Texas at Austin in 1969.

</doc>
