<doc id="19291777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291777" title="Who Would Have Thought It?">
Who Would Have Thought It?

María Ruiz de Burton's Who Would Have Thought It? (1872) was the first novel to be written in English by a Mexican living in the United States. After a long period in which Ruiz de Burton's work was almost completely unknown, the novel was rediscovered by critics interested in the history of Chicano literature, and republished to acclaim in 1995. Yet Ruiz de Burton's life was not particularly typical of the Mexican-American experience, as she married a prominent US officer, Captain Henry S. Burton, in the aftermath of the Mexican–American War. The novel reflects her ambiguous position between the Californio elite and the Anglo-Saxon majority of the United States.
It details the struggles of a Mexican-American girl born in Indian captivity, Lola, in an American society obsessed with class, religion, race and gender. The first ten chapters narrate the attack on Fort Sumter (1857–1861), and flashbacks are meant to take the readers back further than that time line, such as the kidnapping of Lola's mother (1846). The last fifty chapters chronicle the events that took place during the Civil War (1861–1864). Each chapter focuses on a particular character and is told from an omniscient point of view.
Background.
María Ruiz de Burton was a native of the Mexican state of Baja California. During the Mexican–American War, Ruiz de Burton witnessed the American invasion of La Paz that began in 1846. In 1847, she met an American military officer, Colonel Henry S. Burton, in Baja. He had been ordered to invade La Paz to suppress a Mexican uprising where the Mexicans there gave little resistance. When the war ended two years later, California was split into two; Baja California remained Mexican territory while Alta California became American territory. During the American Civil War, Burton served the Union Army. The two were married in 1849, a year after the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was signed. They lived in the newly claimed American territory and later moved to the East Coast, where Ruiz de Burton observed the economic, social and political turmoil wrought by the war and its aftermath. Despite 10 years of living in Eastern cities, as a Latin-American Catholic, Ruiz de Burton was considered an outsider in Union territory. She transformed her experiences living along the predominantly Protestant Eastern Coast, where Irish Catholics were poorly paid and discriminated against, into the novel "Who Would Have Thought It?". The book was published anonymously in 1872; Ruiz de Burton feared that if it became known that a non-native English speaker had written the work that it would undergo greater scrutiny for grammatical errors.
Plot summary.
The novel, written in chronological order, is divided into sixty chapters. The first ten occur during the attack on Fort Sumter (1857–1861), and flashbacks explain the acquisition of wealth of a New England family. The last fifty chapters occur during the Civil War (1861–1864).
The novel opens with Dr. Norval's return to New England from a geological expedition in the Southwest, accompanied by a ten-year-old girl, Lola, and trunks of supposed geological specimens. He was appointed her guardian when he and his companions, Mr. Lebrun and Mr. Sinclair, rescued her from Indian captivity. Because her skin was dyed black by her captors, her arrival generates commotion among the abolitionist women in the household, especially Mrs. Norval. She is disgusted at the idea of Dr. Norval contaminating the racial purity of their home, despite his insistence that Lola is of pure Spanish descent and the dye will fade. Mrs. Norval demands that Lola work in order to pay for expenses; Dr. Norval objects and explains to her, through a flashback, how he encountered Lola's mother, Doña Theresa Medina. She had given him gold and precious gems she acquired as a captive of the Apache to finance Lola's care. Doña Theresa Medina asked him to rescue Lola so that she would be brought up as a Catholic. The Puritan Yankee Mrs. Norval is angered when she hears this but quickly reconciles her emotions when he shows her the trunks filled with Lola's fortune.
During the Civil War, the novel narrates the rise and fall of Mrs. Norval which revolves around Lola's wealth. Her husband's absence from New England during the Civil War gives Mrs. Norval unguarded access to Lola's wealth. She plots with the hypocritical minister Mr. Hackwell to exploit Lola's fortune and in the process falls into an affair with him. When news arrives that Dr. Norval has been presumed dead, Mr. Hackwell sees this as an opportunity to enter into a clandestine marriage with Mrs. Norval. He is determined to keep the marriage a secret because he suspects that Dr. Norval might still be alive. 
Dr. Norval is absented from the novel through his self exile in order to avoid political persecution.
After learning that he has been presumed dead, Dr. Norval returns to New England. When Mrs. Norval hears this, she shrieks and says "Who would have thought it?" before succumbing into brain fever.
Characters.
Lola.
Lola is the protagonist of the novel. Her back story provides the initial impetus for the narrative and introduces its symbolism. After her pregnant mother, Doña Theresa Medina, was captured from a Sonora hacienda, Lola was born in the area around the Colorado River and spent her childhood as a captive of the Apache. The skin of both mother and daughter is dyed to mimic that of the Apache in order to deter rescue. Lola is nonetheless rescued when she is found by Dr. Norval, who takes her away from Indian territory and agrees to her mother's request that she be raised as a Roman Catholic. Her mother dies from an illness a few days after her rescue. Jesse Alemán sees her situation as symbolic of the 80,000 Mexicans who were "orphaned" in the southwestern U.S. at the end of the Mexican–American War. Julie Ruiz suggests that "[Lola's] escape from Indian captivity in the Southwest symbolizes the cleansing of Mexican national identity from the 'stain' of U.S. imperialism during the Mexican War".
Dr. Norval takes Lola to New England and the dye eventually fades, thus beginning "numerous changes in racial status which overlap and effectively generate her simultaneous acquisition of material wealth and cultural capital." She adapts, yet never really fits in: as she becomes racially accepted, the position of her protectors, the Norvals, in New England culture advances. Although Lola is the rightful heir to the gold and jewels, she never controls her fortune. The Norvals provide her with a comfortable lifestyle, yet deprive her of the luxuries that her fortune has supplied the family; despite being the source of their new wealth, she is never fully accepted by them. As literary scholar John-Michael Rivera argues, this represents the prosperity reaped by the northern U.S. from the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Dr. Norval.
At the beginning of the novel, Dr. Norval is a prominent figure in New England; his influence and financial support provide positions in Congress for his brother-in-law Isaac. During the Civil War, his status diminishes because of his alleged sympathies for the South. Despite his plea to the Cackle brothers to free Isaac, who has been imprisoned for punching another government official, the Cackles ignore him. These political disputes force him into exile in Egypt, leaving Lola under the care of Mrs. Norval.
As Lola's appointed guardian, Dr. Norval welcomes her into his home as one of his daughters. When he finds out that Mrs. Norval has told Lola to sleep in the maid's chambers, he demands that she give Lola a proper furnished room. While other characters wish to keep Lola for purely financial reasons, Dr. Norval and Julian's motivations are more altruistic. Dr. Norval refuses to accept the half of Lola's immense fortune that her mother had insisted. Instead, he only takes six percent of Lola's inheritance. He and his son Julian are the only characters who do not reflect the self-deception, greed and hypocrisy that the novel criticizes as the American national character.
Mrs. Norval.
Mrs. Norval is Dr. Norval's wife and together they have three children: Julian, Ruth and Mattie. Mrs. Norval and her daughters assume that Lola does not speak English and comment on the colour of her dyed skin in her presence. Their perceptions of race reflect the sentiments of white, abolitionist New England women. Mattie and Ruth represent the younger generation and Mrs. Norval represents the older, republican generation. The two girls examine Lola's features closely. Mattie notes the shape and color of Lola's lips and says that they are different from black people's lips, and Mattie quickly suggests that Lola is either Indian or African. Mrs. Norval dismisses these observations and tells the girls not to touch Lola out of fear of infection. Rivera comments that "when Lola's body cannot be defined according to one racial 'type', the European Americans mark it as an unknown part of a collective." As a self-declared abolitionist, Mrs. Norval's cruelty towards the coloured Lola reflect prejudice and hypocrisy in the nation she represents.
Mrs. Norval compromises her beliefs when she realizes the immensity of Lola's wealth. When she hears the news of her husband's death in Egypt, she enters a clandestine marriage with Mr. Hackwell, yielding to his advances even though she claims to be a chaste woman. The couple spend Lola's wealth extravagantly as Mr. Sinclair, who was entrusted with the bulk of Lola's wealth, sends them a monthly allowance intended for Lola. Mrs. Norval uses it to advance her family's social standing in the hopes of finding wealthier, more suitable matches for her daughters. She therefore embodies the idea of Manifest Destiny. She spends Lola's money as if it were hers, since she believes she belongs to the superior race. Lola's wealth corrupts her until she succumbs to brain fever.
Julian.
Julian is a decorated war hero because of his contributions as a Union officer during the Civil War. However, he finds himself unexpectedly dismissed from the service because of accusations of treason. He is mistaken for his father who has been accused on the basis of rumors brought to the attention of President Lincoln by his cronies who also happen to be Dr. Norval's political enemies. Through Julian's character, the novel exposes the corruption within the government and demonstrates how democracy can degenerate to demagoguery.
His romantic relationship with Lola is significant to the narrative's racial politics.
Mr. Hackwell.
The Rev. Mr. Hackwell is a Protestant minister who uses his religious influence for his own benefit. During one of his sermons, he publicly alludes to Dr. Norval. He knows that Mrs. Norval recognizes his authority, and he capitalizes on this in order to increase his own wealth. His insatiable greed reveals him to be a schemer rather than a man of integrity. In her description of this dissolute minister, Ruiz de Burton parodies New England religious life.
Mr. Hackwell enters a clandestine marriage with the newly widowed Mrs. Norval in order to retain access to Lola's wealth. When the couple open Dr. Norval's will without the presence of the rest of the family and Lola, they realize that Lola will receive an allowance from Mr. Sinclair. Mr. Hackwell calculates the precise amount to afford their luxurious lifestyle without arising suspicion from Mr. Sinclair. He is determined to keep Lola's wealth for himself.
Mr. Hackwell attempts to control members of the Norval family and to serve as a guardian of Lola's wealth. He begins by marrying Mrs. Norval and proceeds to suggest a marriage between his sister, Emma, and Mrs. Norval's son, Julian. The marriage, however, does not happen because Julian is in love with Lola. Mr. Hackwell lusts for both Lola and her inheritance. He tricks her into saying that she is his wife in a sworn statement. He uses this to blackmail Lola, however, it fails. He attempts to abduct her but Lola outsmarts him and escapes.
Mr. Hackwell has been described as adulterous and is assumed to be an allusion to Reverend Henry Ward Beecher, whose adultery charges were widely publicized during the nineteenth century.
Lavinia.
Lavinia Sprig was romantically involved with both Mr. Hammerhard and Mr. Hackwell. Despite Lavinia's engagement to Mr. Hackwell, he married another. She remains unmarried and lives with her sister, Mrs. Norval, and the rest of her family at the Norval estate. There, she devotes her time to caring for her canaries. When she decides to leave the domestic sphere and serve as a military nurse during the Civil War, she realizes the responsibility her service entails, and she decides to kill her canaries, thinking that they cannot survive without her. The birds symbolize Lavinia, who ends up being imprisoned in the corrupting influences of American materialism.
As a nurse in a hospital ward, Lavinia speaks to wounded soldiers and prisoners of war in Washington, specifically asking about her brother, Isaac, who was imprisoned for assaulting a fellow government official. She had hoped that they had seen or heard from him while they were in the prison camps. The Washington officials ignore her plea to free Isaac. Lavinia is only able to speak to the president on Isaac's behalf because of the intervention of a man, Dr. Norval's friend, Mr. Sinclair. Lavinia then realizes that her belief in being able to voice her opinions equally with men is unrealistic.
Genre.
"Who Would Have Thought It?" is a historical romance. Writing during the nineteenth century, Ruiz de Burton drew upon the classical tradition and European influence. However, her use of realism and naturalism distinguishes this novel from other historical romances at the time.
Style.
Irony and satire.
Ruiz de Burton uses irony and satire to mock American political discourses and practices by ridiculing socio-political structures of the period. Using a variety of rogues, who have pretentious and comical names, Ruiz de Burton represents the vices of nineteenth-century middle-class society. The preachers, Mr. Hackwell and Mr. Hammerhard, the neighbors, the Cackles, and other political figures in "Who Would Have Thought It?" are unmasked to break down ideological myths of American political rhetoric by contrasting the expectations of the nation with the reality of their actions. American expectations include promoting civil virtue and acting against corruption. However, Mr. Hackwell, the primary religious figure in the novel, schemes to increase his wealth in order to satisfy his ravenous greed. The Cackles clan represents Northern politicians who are only motivated by self-interest. Ruiz de Burton implies that the national practice of self-deception, misrepresentation and secrecy are deeply rooted in the American character, though very rarely revealed. Juxtaposed to this satire of American life are the virtues of the good and beautiful Lola.
Allegory and metaphor.
Allegory is used in this novel to expose American exceptionalism as false rhetoric. Ruiz de Burton's characters convey a deeper meaning through their actions to show that the doctrine of Manifest Destiny seems to be built upon hypocrisy, ignorance and, most importantly, greed, instead of the noble aspects articulated by proponents of American expansion. The novel suggests that Manifest Destiny functions as a deceptive maneuver by the United States to conquer lands from other nations. When Mexico had ceded its northern territories to the United States, those who remained in ceded areas received United States citizenship and full rights to property of ownership. However, native land-holding elites of northern California lost a significant portion of their lands overnight, and these lands became a part of the expanding American empire. These native Californians experienced the differences between life before the invasion and life after of "dispossession, and political, cultural and social displacement".
Mrs. Norval is consumed by thoughts of Lola's wealth and, especially after her husband's reported death, she considers that Lola has no just rights to her inheritance. Her pursuit of Lola's fortune is, according to Professor of Postcolonial American Studies Deborah Madsen, an allegory of the American annexation of Mexican land and mineral wealth; hence the novel provides a critique of American imperialism. In addition, Mrs. Norval embodies republican motherhood, a concept of raising children to support the moral beliefs of republicanism. Her position is also a metaphor for the republican nation, in which citizens are expected to uphold civil integrity and to oppose corruption. However, Ruiz de Burton's portrayal of Mrs. Norval's corruption signifies the collapse of the ideology of republicanism.
Themes.
Race.
During the nineteenth century, two opposing cultural markers differentiated "gente de razon" (people of reason) from "gente sin razon" (people without reason) in Spanish colonial California. "Gente de razon" were Spanish "criollos" (white citizens), while "gente sin razon" were Native Americans (dark-skinned laborers). Doña Theresa wants Lola to grow up as a "gente de razon". Doña Theresa insists that she be educated and raised as a Roman Catholic and provides her with an inheritance.
Lola's inheritance is from Doña Theresa's use of natural resources and Indian resources. For example, one day while bathing along the Colorado River, she realized that the pebbles were actually gems. In the hopes of pleasing her, "the Indians brought her emeralds and rubies, seeing that she like pretty pebbles." Doña Theresa's use of Indian labour and resources pertain to the indigenous exploitation during the Spanish colonization.
The paradigm of "gracias al sacar" suggests that Mexicans and Californios can purchase their "whiteness" from the Spanish crown. In Lola's case, the use of Indian labor allows Lola to symbolically purchase her whiteness from Mr. Sinclair, Dr. Norval's Northern banker. Literary scholar Aleman suggests that Californio colonial mentality is similar to Anglo-American colonialism when it comes to fashioning whiteness by racializing and oppressing Others.
Ruiz de Burton creates a sense of cultural whiteness that is not easily associated with color. Lola's metamorphosis and transition throughout the story reflects racial ambiguity and hybridity. We first encounter her as "the little black girl". However, "oing from black to white, and seen as Indian and Spanish, Lola passes through various stages of racial identity- black, Indian, brown, 'spotted' white, and finally, 'pure' white. Lola's racial ambiguity thus draws on two competing codes: an Anglo American one that defines race as white or black, and a Spanish/Mexican caste system that recognizes multiple levels of hybrid racial identity."
Religion.
Catholicism is introduced to the conservative Protestant Norval home by the arrival of Lola. Doña Theresa Medina's request to raise Lola as a Catholic infuriates the Puritan Mrs. Norval, who describes Catholicism as an "abominable idolatry" and questions the existence of financial support for Lola's Catholic catechism. She places Lola in the servants' quarters, along with the Irish cook and chambermaid. "The narrative must still negotiate the anti-Catholicism of the Protestant Northeast, where the influx of Irish immigrants created a host of alternative Anglo American anxieties regarding 'savagery.'"
Because both Mexico and Ireland were predominantly Catholic, Ruiz de Burton distinguishes Lola as a "gente de razon" through her refusal to sleep beside the Irish help. One insulted Irishwoman responds: "I am shure I don't want to slape with of the likes of ye." Lola is at a higher social level than the Irishwomen because her ancestry is "sange de azul" (blue blood), "her mother being of pure Spanish descent and her father the same, though an Austrian by birth, having been born in Vienna." Although the Irishwomen share the same color as the Norval family, they are distanced from the family, particularly when it becomes wealthy through Lola's fortune. Ruiz de Burton showcases the racial, social and economic differences between the various groups of "whites", emphasizing the differences between the Irishwomen and Lola by using religion to distinguish between Mexican Catholics and Irish Catholics.
In addition to Ruiz de Burton's use of religion in the novel, "also Catholicizes this nineteenth-century intolerance stemming from U.S. Puritan origins... [She takes the nativist stereotypes of Catholicism and aligns them with the barbarous, New World Puritan while separating an Old World Spanish Catholicism from this mixture." The distanced Catholicism is achieved by sending Lola away to a convent for her education. "Ruiz de Burton critiques the convent captivity genres that equated imprisonment within the 'savage' New World Wilderness with captivity to the seductive interiors of the Catholic convent."
Gender.
Conventions of domesticity in the nineteenth century reinforced the idea that women should remain at home to look after the family. "Who Would Have Thought It?" does not follow the typical romance of domesticity because it introduces women from the domestic sphere into political and public spheres. The novel is situated during a time of modernization in the United States during which the home was transformed. The novel also parodies mid-nineteenth-century family life.
Although Ruiz de Burton has no problems with patriarchal values, she portrays women as smarter, more generous and more action-oriented than they should have been at the time. Her novel critiques the inequality of women, but at the same time she focuses on their sensitivity, morality and beauty. "... Ruiz de Burton also carries out an operation in which she figures male agency as handicap and/or truncates by the forces of decay and corruption... the Norval men likewise suffer 'compromised male agency', an 'emasculation' of sorts, when they are 'absented' from the scene as a result of the machinations of scoundrels – male and female- in collusion with the government and its policies"
Reception.
After its publication in 1872, "Who Would Have Thought It?" remained relatively unnoticed for over one hundred years in American literary studies, demonstrating Ruiz de Burton's exclusion from American literary history and more broadly the marginal importance that Mexican-Americans had in American history. One of the main reasons that Ruiz de Burton's works were excluded from popular American literature is because of their depiction of American culture and morals as hypocritical. In addition, her interpretation of the loss of Mexico's claim over Northern California demonstrates her discontent with American ideals of the time. After her marriage to an American colonel, her writing widened to accommodate the perspective of being both a "colonizer, and the colonized". Caught between her newfound position in the Californian elite and her background as a Californian native, her novel was not welcomed by American literary studies nor Chicana literary studies.
A cooperative scholarly group called Recovering the United States Hispanic Literary Heritage Project brought "Who Would Have Thought It?" to public notice in the late twentieth century. This group was created in 1990, and its main goal is to recover literary texts by Hispanic writers and obtain narratives of their lives since the sixteenth century through sources such as memoirs, prose, fiction, poetry and histories. These scholars describe Ruiz de Burton's work "as an object lesson in the complexities and contradictions of resurrecting literary history."

</doc>
<doc id="19291801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291801" title="1997 BRIT Awards">
1997 BRIT Awards

The 1997 BRIT Awards were the 17th edition of the biggest annual pop music awards in the United Kingdom. They are run by the British Phonographic Industry and took place on 24 February 1997 at Earls Court Exhibition Centre in London.
Notable Moments.
Geri Halliwell's Union Jack dress.
Ginger Spice, Geri Halliwell, wore an infamous Union Jack dress whilst performing onstage with the group. Spicemania was at its height in the UK and the Spice Girls had just cracked the US as well, reaching number 1 with their debut single and album. Geri Halliwell captured the zeitgeist and became pin-up girl for Cool Britannia.
Halliwell was originally going to wear an all-black dress, but she thought it was too boring so her sister sewed on a Union Jack tea-towel, with a 'peace' sign on the back, so as to not offend anyone. It was worn during the Spice Girls' performance of their number one song "Who Do You Think You Are". Later on she sold her dress in a charity auction to Hard Rock Cafe in Las Vegas for a record £41,320, giving Halliwell the Guinness World Record for the most expensive piece of pop star clothing ever sold. The performance won Most Memorable Performance Of 30 Years at the Brit Awards in 2010.
Melanie C and Liam Gallagher.
Prior to the ceremony in 1997, Liam Gallagher stated in the British media that he "wasn't going to the Brit Awards because if he bumped into the Spice Girls, he would smack them". In response to this, as the Spice Girls received the award for Best British Video, during their acceptance speech, Sporty Spice, Melanie C, challenged Gallagher by saying "Come and have a go if you think you're hard enough".

</doc>
<doc id="19291802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291802" title="1991 BRIT Awards">
1991 BRIT Awards

The 1991 BRIT Awards were the 11th edition of the biggest annual pop music awards in the United Kingdom. They are run by the British Phonographic Industry and took place on 10 February 1991 at Dominion Theatre in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19291815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291815" title="Pit Gilman">
Pit Gilman

Pitkin Clark "Pit" Gilman (March 14, 1864 – August 17, 1950) was a Major League Baseball player. Gilman played for Cleveland Blues in the 1884 season. He only played in two games in his one-year career, having one hit in ten at-bats. 
Gilman was born in Laporte, Ohio and died in Elyria, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="19291820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291820" title="John Saunders Gilliat">
John Saunders Gilliat

John Saunders Gilliat (24 November 1829 - 11 February 1912) was a British banker and Conservative politician.
He was the son of John Kirton Gilliat and Mary Anne Saunders of Fernill, Berkshire. His father was founder J K Gilliat and Company, a merchant banking company that traded in England and America. He was educated at Harrow School and University College, Oxford.
In 1860 he married Louisa Babington, with whom he had three children. In 1862 he joined the court of the Bank of England, and was Governor from 1883 to 1885, having previous served as its Deputy Governor.
In 1886 he was elected as Conservative member of parliament for the Clapham constituency of south London. In 1891 he put his name forward as Conservative candidate for the parliamentary seat of St Albans, but withdrew his candidacy. He was eventually chosen to contest Widnes when the sitting MP, T C Edwards-Moss retired for health reasons. He held the seat until 1900.
Gilliat made his home at Chorleywood, Hertfordshire. He was deeply involved in the affairs of the Church of England, and was a member of the Committee For Church Defence and Church Instruction and the Bishop of St Albans's Fund as well as being one of the governors of Queen Anne's Bounty.
On his death at the age of 82 in 1912 Gilliat was the oldest member of the Court of the Bank of England.

</doc>
<doc id="19291827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291827" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 48 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 48 kg

The women's 48 kg judo competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was held on September 7 at the Beijing Workers' Gymnasium. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 pm CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals, and the final were held at 5:00 pm CST.
This event was the lightest of the women's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 48 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19291841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291841" title="Aleksandar Madžar (musician)">
Aleksandar Madžar (musician)

Aleksandar Madžar (born in Belgrade, 1968) is a Serbian pianist.
Madžar first studied piano with Gordana Matinovic, Arbo Valdma and Eliso Virsaladze in Belgrade and Moscow, then with Edouard Mirzoian at the Strasbourg Conservatory and in Brussels with Daniel Blumenthal. He now holds professorships at the Royal Conservatoire, Brussels and the Hochschule für Musik und Theater in Bern.
Madžar was awarded the 3rd prize at the XII Leeds competition. Of his prize in the 1996 Leeds Piano Competition, Gerald Larner of The Times described Madžar as "the most imaginative musician among the 1996 finalists". The Leeds competition propelled Madžar onto the UK scene where he also became a sought after soloist with the Royal and BBC Philharmonics, BBC Scottish Symphony, Scottish Chamber Orchestra and BBC National Orchestra of Wales, as well as throughout Europe and Asia, working with Paavo Berglund, Ivan Fischer, Paavo Järvi, Carlos Kalmar, John Nelson, Libor Pesek, André Previn, Andris Nelsons and the late Marcello Viotti.
Various select partnerships are key to Aleksandar Madžar’s current performance schedule. His partnership with violinist Ilya Gringolts sees them next perform a complete Beethoven cycle at the 2008 Verbier Festival and, following the world premiere of Sir Peter Maxwell Davies' Violin Sonata at St Magnus and Cheltenham Festivals in summer 2008, recitals at Prague and Beethovenfest Bonn Festivals. His partnership with soprano Juliane Banse continues next season with a tour of Spain to Bilbao, Valencia, Leon and Lisbon’s Gulbenkian Foundation. After a successful cooperation with the Irish Chamber Orchestra's 2007 summer festival, under the artistic leadership of colleague Anthony Marwood, the two further collaborated in recital in Edinburgh. Plans include a cycle at the Wigmore Hall, his recital debut in Amsterdam's Concertgebouw Hall and a return in recital to the Wigmore Hall, London.
In 2008-09 Madžar maintained his schedule of diverse performance activities taking him worldwide: in recital he returned to Tokyo, to Paris, Theatre de la Ville, Cardiff and the Vlaanders Festival. With Stuttgart Philharmonic he performed in Milan’s Conservatorio G Verdi, and returned to the Irish Chamber Orchestra, BBC Belfast Symphony and Belgrade Philharmonic.
Aleksandar Madžar has given solo recitals in Berlin, London, Rome, Florence, Milan, Hamburg, Duisburg and in 2007-08 his US recital debut on the Miami International Piano Festival was an astounding success. He is a regular guest artist at the festivals of Bad Kissingen, Schleswig Holstein, the Ivo Pogorelich Festival at Bad Wörishofen, Klavier Festival Ruhr, Davos, Roque d’Antheron, Salzburg, Sintra and Aldeburgh.
His discography includes the two Chopin piano concertos, with the Frankfurt Radio Symphony Orchestra and Dmitri Kitaenko for BMG/Classic FM (1997), for the French label Arion (1999) a disc of Chabrier's music for two pianos and, working regularly with cellist Louise Hopkins, a disc of Elliot Carter, Rachmaninov and Schnittke for the Swedish label Intim Musik.
References.
[http://www.verbierfestival.com/index.php?page=421] Profile at the Verbier Festival

</doc>
<doc id="19291854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291854" title="RAF Penrhos">
RAF Penrhos

RAF Penrhos was a World War II Royal Air Force airfield at Penrhos, on the Llŷn Peninsula near Pwllheli, Gwynedd. It was operational from 1 February 1937 to 21 October 1946 for armarment training, air observer, bombing and gunnery schools.
History.
In 1936 a decision was taken to establish an RAF bombing school at Penyberth, including the area of the low plateau in the bend of the river where the Afon Penrhos joins the Afon Geirch. Opposition was strongly felt, particularly as it was perceived that the sixteenth century house, Penyberth was, in Saunders Lewis’ words, ‘one of the essential homes of Welsh culture, idiom and literature’. As work proceeded, an arson attack was initiated. Nevertheless, the base came into operation in February 1937. Any knowledge of the attack was successfully kept hidden from the general public during WW2.
In December 1940 a detachment from No. 312 (Czechoslovak) Squadron was moved to protect Penrhos from German attack. The association which led in later years to the Polish Resettlement Corps using the site to house Polish soldiers, sailors and airmen who chose not to return to communist Poland. To this day, part of RAF Penrhos is in use as an old people's home for elderly Poles. 
RAF Hell's Mouth 5 miles to the south west was commissioned in February 1937 as a Relief Landing Ground, later an Emergency landing Ground for RAF Penrhos.
Part of the site is now Pen-y-berth caravan park.

</doc>
<doc id="19291858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291858" title="CAP-e">
CAP-e

CAP-e (cell-based antioxidant protection in erythrocytes), is a novel in vitro bioassay for antioxidant activity developed by Alexander Schauss, Gitte Jensen, and associates at the American Institute for Biosocial and Medical Research (AIBMR), a private contract research organization (CRO) located in Puyallup, Washington, and Holger NIS, a private CRO located in Klamath Falls, Oregon.
The CAP-e assay is performed by first incubating red blood cells (erythrocytes) with a test sample at a range of concentrations. The cells are then combined with dichloro fluorescein diacetate (DCFDA), which is oxidized in the presence of free radicals to form a green fluorescent byproduct (DCF). In the next step of the assay, exogenous hydrogen peroxide is added at a concentration of 167 mM to artificially induce severe oxidative stress. The antioxidant activity of varying concentrations of the test compound is measured based on the degree of inhibition of DCF-fluorescence, which is an indirect and nonspecific measure of reactive oxygen species production. To date, the assay has been used in 2 published studies, both conducted by AIBMR and Holger NIS.

</doc>
<doc id="19291870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291870" title="AMI-audio">
AMI-audio

AMI-audio is a Canadian 24-hour English language non-profit audio broadcast television service. AMI-audio is an audio-only service that broadcasts readings of news articles and features from more than 600 of Canada's top newspapers and magazines, as well as audio theatre and films. It is owned by Accessible Media Inc. (formerly known as the National Broadcast Reading Servicethe organization was renamed following the launch of its sister television channel) AMI-audio is a volunteer-based service, where individuals perform voice recordings at various centres across the country.
AMI-audio is licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), and went on the air in 1990 as VoicePrint. The CRTC licensed AMI-audio as a "must-carry" service in 2001, meaning all digital cable and satellite providers must carry the service. AMI-audio is primarily accessed on the secondary audio program (SAP) of CBC News Network, while some providers carry the service on a separate channel through digital cable. The service is also available on the Internet, through ami.ca.
On March 5, 2012, VoicePrint was renamed AMI-audio. The re-branding is part of a new promotional effort by AMI to unify its services under a single brand for easier cross-promotion with AMI-tv and ami.ca.

</doc>
<doc id="19291877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291877" title="Skummeslövsstrand">
Skummeslövsstrand

Skummeslövsstrand is a locality situated in Laholm Municipality, Halland County, Sweden with 491 inhabitants in 2010.
It is a seaside resort on Sweden's west coast and has the country's longest beach (12 km).
SKUMMESLÖVSSTRAND is, with 17 letters, the longest name of any postal town in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19291891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291891" title="Ronnie Bradford (football chairman)">
Ronnie Bradford (football chairman)

Ronnie Bradford (died July 2009) was the Scottish former chairman of Queen of the South football club. Bradford was the second of the three chairman to re-build and revitalise the Dumfries club from the mid '90s replacing the previous regime under which the club had gone into stagnation and decline from the late 1960s.
Queens pre Bradford.
Norman Blount became chairman of Queen of the South in April 1994. Very quickly new ideas came along that showed that the club was in a new era:-
The highlight on the pitch of the Blount regime was Queens making it to the final of the Scottish Challenge Cup for the first time. This was in 1997 where a battling Queens side lost out by 1-0 to Falkirk. Man of the match was Queens' Tommy Bryce. However in November 1999 Blount candidly announced that he felt that he had taken the club as far as he could and resigned from being chairman.
Two time divisional player of the year Andy Thomson was transferred for a Queens record fee of £250,000 in 1994. As Thomson was to say on his return over a decade later, "Things have changed quite a bit while I've been away - a new stand, a completely new set-up and a more modern type of training system". Thomson added, "Norman Blount was an excellent chairman."
Players to have signed for Queens during the Blount regime include Jamie McAllister, Derek Townsley, Jim Thomson, David Lilley, David Mathieson and Andy Aitken.
The Bradford era.
The chairmanship was taken over by Ronnie Bradford who continued the progressive ambition started under Blount. It has been under Bradford that the seeds at 'New Queens' further came to fruition, namely:-
Players to have joined Queens in the Bradford era include Robbie Neilson, Andy Goram and Willie Gibson.
Ronnie Bradford left due to ill health in June 2003.
Queens post Bradford.
The Queens chairmanship was taken over by Davie Rae.
Queens progressed to the 2006-07 Scottish Cup quarter final before losing 2-1 to Hibernian. At the end of that season Davie Rae announced that Queens were to go full-time for the 2007-08 season. This was to produce remarkable success.
Queens surpassed the 2006-07 Scottish Cup run by progressing beyond the quarter finals and then eliminating Aberdeen in the 2007-08 semi final. In the club's first ever Scottish Cup final Queens went down 3-2 to Rangers but still qualified for the 2nd qualification round of the UEFA Cup. After an injury plagued start to the season Queens recovered to finish fourth in the second tier of Scottish football.
In the 2008-09 UEFA Cup second qualification round Queens were eliminated after a battling away leg against FC Nordsjælland in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19291904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291904" title="Blu Mar Ten">
Blu Mar Ten

Blu Mar Ten is a music production outfit based in London, and is made up of Leo Wyndham, Chris Marigold, and Michael Tognarelli.
History.
Blu Mar Ten's first track to be released was "The Fountain" / "Lunar" in 1996 on the now defunct Way Out Records. The track appeared on numerous compilations and was named by Fabio as his 'tune of the year'. This was closely followed by the Blu Mar Ten remix of Erykah Badu's first single "On & On" for MCA Records, which reached the mainstream top 10 music chart. Following these releases Blu Mar Ten were offered a long-term deal by LTJ Bukem's Good Looking Records, which was accepted. This partnership saw a long chain of releases on the label including features on the Logical Progression, Earth and Progression Sessions LPs and tracks on Good Looking's partner labels. A dedicated artist EP and Blu Mar Ten artist compilation LP were also released by Good Looking.
In early 2001 Blu Mar Ten and Good Looking Records parted company. Following this Blu Mar Ten has gone on to release records in a variety of musical styles. They have produced breaks for Rennie Pilgrem's label TCR and Danny Macmillan's In-flight label, 2-step garage for Lime, tech-house for Guidance Recordings and left-field downbeat for the Big Chill, Exceptional Records and Naked Music. They have also taken on remix duties for Erykah Badu again, Terry Lee Brown Junior, Joey Negro, The Ananda Project and Annie Lennox.
Blu Mar Ten tracks have been played by a diverse set of DJs such as Tom 'The Jedi' Middleton, Chris Coco & Rob da Bank, Felix da Housecat, Bobby Friction, Ben Watt, Carl Cox, Lee Burridge, Erol Alkan, Howie B and Mary Anne Hobbs.
September 2003 saw the release of the first Blu Mar Ten album following their split with Good Looking Records, "The Six Million Names of God", on Exceptional Records. The LP represented work from 1997 through to 2003 and focused on the downbeat side of the duo than the dance floor material for which they were initially recognised. The album featured collaborations with Blame (720 Recordings / Charged), Nor Elle (Plastic City) and Fink (Ninja Tune).
In 2004, Wyndham and Marigold were joined by Michael Tognarelli. As a teenager in Manchester, Tognarelli had worked in Eastern Bloc and Spin Inn record shops with Marcus Intalex and Sappo.
During 2005 and 2006, Blu Mar Ten returned to producing drum and bass with a number of releases on labels including Hospital Records, Nookie's Phuzion Records, Friction's Shogun Audio, Basement Recordings, John B's Tangent Recordings, Renegade Hardware, Subject 13's Vibez Recordings and Doc Scott's 31 Records.
September 2007 saw the release of the album "Black Water", which featured several vocal tracks with guests Alexis Strum, Kameel and Ernesto. Several singles were released around the launch of the album, including remixes from Tom Middleton, Sabre, Kubiks, Cicada and Blu Mar Ten themselves.
In 2009, Blu Mar Ten released their Natural History drum and bass project, with the "Close" and "Believe Me" EPs early in the year, and the album "Natural History" following in November. A series of remixes from the album were released in 2010, featuring versions by Seba, Klute, Bop, Stray, Badmammal & Kastle.
In 2011 Blu Mar Ten released the Love is the Devil album, following it in 2012 with remixes of the album tracks from dBridge, Marcus Intalex, Joe Syntax, Unquote, Sunchase & BCee.
During 2012 Blu Mar Ten expanded their label, (rebranding it 'Blu Mar Ten Music' or 'BMTM') and started releasing music from other artists.
Licensed tracks.
Blu Mar Ten tracks have been licensed to several major commercial video games. Two tracks, "Home Videos"
and "Simon and Lisa" were featured in Rockstar Games' 2003 racing title Midnight Club II. The track "Trauma" was featured in Rockstar Games' 2006 title, Rockstar Games Presents Table Tennis. The track "Emi's Song" was featured in Konami's 2008 music video game, Dance Dance Revolution Universe 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19291909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291909" title="John Dudlow">
John Dudlow

John Dudlow (July 28, 1796 – August 11, 1879) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born and died in West Malling.
Dudlow made a single first-class appearance in 1841, against Nottinghamshire. Despite appearing on the winning side, he neither batted nor bowled in the game, and was in fact absent hurt in both Kent innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19291931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291931" title="Eidson, Tennessee">
Eidson, Tennessee

Eidson is an unincorporated community located on the north side of Clinch Mountain in Hawkins County, Tennessee, United States. It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.
History.
Prior to any frontier settlements, a few Cherokee hunted along Clinch Mountain. Longhunters began exploring the area during the 1770s. They named some of the places found in the region. The Trail of the Lonesome Pine runs through Highway 70 just a few miles off the old Wilderness Trail in Virginia. The first settlements of the area took place during the 1790s. Families from the Carter Valley settlement crossed Clinch Mountain, and families from Virginia took the Lonesome Pine trail and crossed the Clinch River. It was during that time when a group of Chicamaugan Indians raided the settlers along War Creek. Some of these battles took place at Big War Gap in Lee Valley and Little War Gap in Eidson. From that time on, the area north of Clinch Mountain was called War Gap in Hawkins County, Tennessee. During the mid 19th Century, Eidson was called Stringtown, and was later renamed after Samuel Eidson Sr., a local rancher of the area, and Andrew Jackson Eidson, a patriarch of the branch of Eidsons found throughout East Tennessee. Many Eidson are concentrated around upper Hawkins County. Hallelujah Acres was once located in Eidson, before moving to Shelby, North Carolina.
Education.
The community of Shiloh, near Eidson, is the site of Clinch School, a K-12 public school operated by Hawkins County. Clinch School is the smallest K-12 school in the state, with a 2006-2007 enrollment of 133 students. The main school building was constructed in 1938 as a Works Progress Administration project to provide a high school for the Eidson community. Before the high school was built, Clinch School ended at grade 10, and students wishing to continue their education past that level attended Rogersville High School, Grainger County High School, or Hancock County High School. A new Clinch School was under construction as of autumn 2009. Several churches of the area had schools. The community of Eidson once had its own school, but was later rezoned to Clinch. Lonesome Pine School was located near Frog Level. It was established in 1941 and ran until the 1960s. The building was later used by the Clinch Valley Fire Department.
Infrastructure.
Eidson is also the site of a post office, assigned the zip code 37731. In July 2011 the U.S. Postal Service identified the Eidson post office as one of 3,653 U.S. retail post offices proposed for closure.

</doc>
<doc id="19291936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291936" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's skeet">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's skeet

Men's skeet was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Ennio Falco shot a perfect 125 in the qualification round and a 24 in the final, winning ahead of Mirosław Rzepkowski and Andrea Benelli, who won the bronze-medal shoot-off against Ole Riber Rasmussen.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19291947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291947" title="Elwha Ecosystem Restoration">
Elwha Ecosystem Restoration

The Elwha Ecosystem Restoration Project is a project of the U.S. National Park Service to remove two dams on the Elwha River on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington state, and restore the river to a natural state. It is the largest dam removal project in history and the second largest ecosystem restoration project in the history of the National Park Service, after the Restoration of the Everglades. The controversial project, costing about $351.4 million, has been contested and periodically blocked for decades.
The removal of the first of the two dams, the Elwha Dam, began in September 2011 and was completed ahead of schedule in spring 2012. Work on the second dam, the Glines Canyon Dam is expected to be finished by September 2014.
History of the Elwha River.
Historically, the Elwha River was one of the few rivers in the contiguous United States that supported all of the anadromous salmonid species native to the Pacific Northwest. Ten stocks of anadromous salmon and trout species are known to have been present in the river before the dams were built: Spring- and summer/fall-run Chinook salmon "Oncorhynchus tshawytscha", Chum salmon "O. keta", Coho salmon "O. kisutch", Pink salmon "O. gorbuscha", Sockeye salmon "O. nerka", summer- and winter-run steelhead trout "O. mykiss", Bull trout "Salvelinus confluentus", and Cutthroat trout "O. clarki clarki". The river was considered the most prolific fish producer on the Olympic Peninsula. It was particularly known for its very large Chinook salmon, weighing as much as . Prior to the construction of the two dams on the river in the early 20th century, an estimated 392,000 fish returned annually to spawn. By the late 20th century the number had declined to less than 3,000.
Pink salmon were historically the most numerous salmon species in the river with over 250,000 adult returns. By the 1980s that number fell to near zero. Coho occupied the largest area of the watershed, going up many of the tributaries, and to nearly the headwaters of the Elwha River.
Salmon were an important food source for the Lower Elwha Klallam people who still live at the mouth of the river.
The salmon runs provided a valuable food source for many animals such as black bear, coyotes, gray wolves, bald eagles, raccoons, and dozens of others. In addition, salmon carcasses would litter stream banks during prime fall and spring spawning, providing food for scavengers and decaying. In the Elwha River basin salmon once contributed over 300 tons of phosphorus and nitrogen every year, via decaying carcasses and the scat of predators and scavengers. In this way salmon played an important role in the overall health of the ecosystem. About 130 species benefit from the nutrients in salmon carcasses.
Today, about 83% of the Elwha River's watershed lies within Olympic National Park, more than any other river on the Olympic Peninsula. Most of the Elwha's basin is in pristine condition, unlike many other rivers on the peninsula whose basins have been harmed by extensive land use, especially logging. Above the dams, the Elwha's basin remains largely in a natural condition. Limited development has occurred below the park boundary. Water is withdrawn for municipal and industrial use and there is some logging.
The dams.
The primary function of this project is the removal of the Elwha Dam and the Glines Canyon Dam from the Elwha River on the Olympic Peninsula of Washington state. 
Elwha Dam was built from 1910 to 1912 by Thomas Aldwell. The dam blocked passage for migrating fish, limiting them to the lower of river below the dam. In 1927 Glines Canyon Dam was built upriver of Elwha Dam.
Olympic National Park came into existence in 1938. In 1940, the park's boundaries were expanded to include Glines Canyon Dam and Lake Mills. The presence and operation of the dam was inconsistent with National Park Service policies to "...restore natural aquatic habitats and the natural abundance and distribution of native aquatic species, including fish, together with the associated terrestrial habitats and species", and with Olympic National Park objectives to "...conserve, maintain, and restore, where possible, the primary natural resources of the park and those ecological relationships and processes that would prevail were it not for the advent of modern civilization".
This created a precarious situation where a national park, tasked with preserving natural ecosystems, had a man-made system within its boundaries.
When Elwha Dam was built it was secured to the walls of the bedrock canyon, but not the bedrock underlying the river substrate. In 1912, shortly after the reservoir (Lake Aldwell) filled, pressure at the base of the dam built up so much that the foundation of the dam blew out. The void under the dam was plugged by adding fill material to the river below and upstream of the dam. Elwha Dam became operational in 1913. Because of this and other reasons, this dam has never been federally licensed to operate.
A Washington State law established in 1890 required fish passage devices on dams "wherever food fish are wont to ascend". Thomas Aldwell ignored the requirement. Fish Commissioner Leslie Darwin offered to waive that requirement if Aldwell built a fish hatchery adjoining Elwha Dam. Although Aldwell initially balked at this proposal, a fish hatchery was built and began operation in 1915. The hatchery was a fiasco. Its managers were unable to successfully rear fish. It was closed in 1922.
Sediment load.
With the Glines Canyon Dam blocking sediment from reaching the Strait of Juan de Fuca for more than 80 years, most of it has been accumulating in Lake Mills. Historically, the sediment from the Elwha River would accumulate at the mouth of the river, expanding the delta and forming extensive sandy beaches. In addition, east-flowing currents would transport much of that sediment towards the bluffs of Port Angeles and onto Ediz Hook. However, since the sediment has been accumulating in Lake Mills, wave action and currents have eroded the beaches away until they have become nothing more than rocky or pebbly slopes. The mouth of the river has eroded back several acres over the years, shrinking the size of the Lower Elwha Klallam reservation and eliminating their once abundant clam beds.
Ediz Hook has also eroded away to the point that rip-rap has to be placed on the feature to protect Port Angeles harbor from the erosive effects of the wave action. The United States Army Corps of Engineers spends approximately $100,000 annually to control erosion of Ediz Hook and estimates the Elwha River contributed between 50,000 and 80,000 cubic yards of sediment per year before the dams were built. The dammed river contributes a negligible volume of sediment to Ediz Hook.
The decision to remove the dams.
The combined power output of these dams generates approximately 19 mega-watt hours annually, a figure roughly equivalent to 38% of the electricity necessary to operate the Nippon Paper mill in Port Angeles. The dams have blocked and nearly eliminated the once enormous runs of salmon in the river and their nutrients into Olympic National Park. The sediment no longer makes it to the sea, resulting in erosional problems on the shore. The Elwha Dam is about a century old and still has never been secured to the bedrock, resulting in a potential danger to downstream communities. These are some of the arguments used in favor of removing the dams.
The Lower Elwha Klallam Tribe have sought the removal of the two dams since they were built. In 1968 the owner of the dams, Crown Zellerbach Corporation, applied to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) for a license for Elwha Dam, and in 1973 applied to renew the license for Glines Canyon Dam. The Tribe opposed both applications, intervening before FERC. The environmental community got involved. By the 1980s there were twelve conservation groups opposing the relicensing process, including Olympic Park Associates, Seattle Audubon Society, Sierra Club, Friends of the Earth, and American Rivers.
A series of political battles occurred locally and in Washington D.C., particularly with Senator Slade Gorton blocking the project, while Senator Brock Adams strongly supported the plan. Final approval came with the Elwha River Ecosystem and Fisheries Restoration Act of 1992, which authorized the Secretary of the Interior to acquire and remove two dams on the river and restore the ecosystem and native anadromous fisheries. However, Senator Gorton continued to block and delay the process. By 2000 Gorton retreated, allowing the dams to finally be purchased.
In 1987 the dams, and all the assets of Crown Zellerbach, were acquired by the James River Corporation, which owned the dams until 2000. The corporation, concerned that it might someday be required to remove the dams and pay for river restoration, sought to transfer the dams to the federal government. In February 2000, the government bought the dams and related facilities for $29.5 million. Until removal, the dams have been operated by the Bureau of Reclamation, with National Park Service oversight.
When the federal government purchased the dams in 2000 the James River Corporation was freed from any further liability related to the damage caused by the dams in the past or potentially in the future.
Dam removal and river restoration.
After the 1992 Elwha River Ecosystem and Fisheries Restoration Act was passed, a number of alternates were explored by the Department of the Interior. The Final Programmatic EIS (Environmental impact statement), released in June 1995, concluded that the only way to fully restore the river was to remove both dams. The Final Implementation EIS, released in November 1996, concluded that sediment that had accumulated in the two reservoirs should be allowed to erode downstream naturally.
Removal of the Elwha Dam began in September 2011 and was finished in spring 2012, ahead of schedule. The dam removal process was originally projected to last two and a half to three years. The estimated cost of removing both dams is $40 to $60 million. The total cost of the Elwha River restoration is approximately $351.4 million. This price includes the purchase of the two dams and related facilities, construction of two water treatment plants and other facilities to protect water users, construction of flood protection facilities, a fish hatchery, and a greenhouse for growing native plants for revegetation.
Partnerships, Research, and Education.
The partnership includes the National Park Service, the Bureau of Reclamation, and the Lower Elwha Klallam Tribe, in addition to, local and state governments and outside public interest groups. As the largest project ever of its kind, huge research opportunities are available and are being pursued by students and professors at Peninsula College, Eastern Washington University, and Western Washington University, as well as professors from many other universities.
The National Park Service and Olympic Park Institute are involved in education projects to inform the public about the history of the river, the dam removal process, ecosystem restoration and the return of salmon to the upper river.

</doc>
<doc id="19291961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291961" title="Puerto José">
Puerto José

Puerto José is a sea port in northeastern Venezuela, on the Caribbean Sea, in the state of Anzoátegui, about 10 km west of Barcelona. Position: 10°06' N / 64°52'W. It is home to an important oil tanker loading complex, the "Complejo criogenico de Oriente José", created in 1985 and now more often referred to by its original name, the Cryogenic Complex of Oriente, San Joaquin Plant. The complex is used to load several of Venezuela's petroleum products onto oil tankers, including Ameriven-Hamaca, Cerro Negro, Sincor, and Zuata Sweet.
The José industrial zone comprises one part of the Eastern Cryogenic Complex (ACCRO), which includes refineries, petrochemical plants, and gas compression plants.
The complex consists of several separate terminals on the South side of Bahía de Barcelona. The port exports refined petroleum products, crude oil and containers. About 180 ships with a total of 30 million tons deadweight (tdwt) are using the port every year.
The deepest and longest berth is the Petroterminal José (TAECJ Terminal). Ships up to 300,000 tdwt can berth at the Bitor Single Point Mooring buoy (SPM, 10°09'N / 64°50'W).
The complex consists further of a cryogenic jetty terminal (10°05.08'N / 64°51.5'W), two petrochemical docks (Petrozuata and SINCOR), an offshore platform terminal, and two SPM's. The offshore terminal and the SPM are connected to the shore by submarine pipelines.
Environmental Issues.
The port of José and its refinery sit adjacent to Mochima National Park. This proximity to an area of great natural beauty may prove to be of significant consequence if any oil spills were to arise.

</doc>
<doc id="19291966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291966" title="I Can't See Nobody">
I Can't See Nobody

"I Can't See Nobody" is a song by the Bee Gees, released first as the B-side of "New York Mining Disaster 1941". With "New York Mining Disaster 1941", this song was issued as a double A in Germany and Japan., and included on the group's third LP, "Bee Gees' 1st".
Writing and recording.
It was written by Barry and Robin Gibb in 1966 while they were in Australia. Maurice Gibb has sometimes been listed as a cowriter for the song. The compilation "Bee Gees Gold" listed Maurice's name on the album cover and on the label as cowriter. According to Nat Kipner, the song was recorded at St. Clair Studios. Robin has said that it was written in Brisbane, Australia, where the band toured in November 1966, but that the first version was not released. 
At the "Bee Gees' 1st" sessions, this song was recorded on March 7, with remixing and overdubbing on March 13. Some may have felt Robin's soulful vocal was an acquired taste, but it conveys the song's emotional impact very well. The Gibb brothers' harmony voices was featured on the final chorus, on the line "I can't see nobody, no i can't see nobody, my eyes can only look at you, you", and Bill Shepherd's string arrangement pours it on, and this track was a little masterpieces. Robin's voice was on this track was higher than the other songs on the album, especially on the line "Don't ask me why".

</doc>
<doc id="19291981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291981" title="Thomas Harden">
Thomas Harden

Thomas Harden (born February 10, 1805) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Rolvenden.
Harden made a single first-class appearance in 1829, against Sussex. Batting as a tailender, he scored a duck in the first innings of the match, and finished not out in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19291988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291988" title="Feyenoord Tournament">
Feyenoord Tournament

The Feyenoord Tournament was a friendly pre season football tournament that took place between 1978 and 1991.The tournament was held by the famous Dutch giants Feyenoord and 3 other invited teams. All the games were played at the Feijenoord Stadion, Rotterdam which is the home stadium of Feyenoord.
Details.
1982 Tournament.
Final (08/08/1982).
1 Celtic FC were invited to the tournament again as they were the holders of the trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="19292012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292012" title="Zohreh Sefati">
Zohreh Sefati

Zohreh Sefati is a female Ayatollah (Mujtahideh). She was born in Abadan, Iran in 1948. Sefati is a member of the Women's Socio-Cultural Council and a representative to the Supreme Council of Cultural Reforms. Sefati was raised in a religious family. She studied her high school level subjects at home before attending theology school in 1966. Sefati took preliminary lessons of jurisprudence, literature and Islamic sciences in Abadan. In 1970, she left to attend Qom Theology School to continue her studies. She was a student of renowned scholars such as Ayatollah Shahidi, Ayatollah Haqqi, Ayatollah Ali Meshkini and Ayatollah Mohammad Hassan Ahmadi Faqih (who was her husband). 
Sefati achieved the highest jurisprudence degree (Ijtihad), an accomplishment made only by a small number of women. Her Ijtihad degree was approved by several ayatollahs, including Ayatollahs Ali Yari Gharavi-Tabrizi (a student of Ayatollah Naeini), Safi Gulpaygani, Fazel Lankarani, and Mohammad Hassan Ahmadi Faqih.
Sefati has also co-founded a theology school for women in Qom, which later became known as Maktab-e Tawhid. Sefati was one of the 3,000 exemplary women commended by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and received (and accepted) a plaque of honor from the president in October 2006.
Sefati has two brothers. One is Gholāmḥusayn Ṣefātī-Dezfūlī (1952-1977) who was a member of the radical anti-capitalist group “Manṣūrān.” Her other brother, Īraj Ṣefātī-Dezfūlī (b. 1940), represented the city of Abadan in the first and fifth Majlis (Iranian parliament) and was a member of the Majlis’ Supreme Audit Court. 
Sefati and some male jurists, such as Yousef Saanei, believe a female mujtahid can become a source of emulation (a marja), i.e. that both men and women can perform taqlid (emulation) of a woman mujtahid. Most Shiite mujtahids, however, believe that women cannot become marjas.

</doc>
<doc id="19292018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292018" title="Judge Karen">
Judge Karen

Judge Karen is an American arbitration-based reality court show that aired in first-run syndication and debuted on September 8, 2008 in 48 of the top 50 U.S. markets. As with other court shows, such as "The People's Court" and "Judge Judy", a retired real-life judge presides over small claims court cases. On this show, the judge is Karen Mills-Francis, an American woman twice elected Miami-Dade County Court judge, who claims that "justice isn't always black and white". She did not wear the traditional black robe, but instead a burgundy one. The introductory sequence showed her presiding over cases, with the announcer saying "She's tough, she's fair, and she cares". The show was produced and distributed by Sony Pictures Television.
To distinguish itself from other shows in the crowded field, "Judge Karen" permitted litigants to cross-examine witnesses, with a segment at the end in which Mills-Francis answers videotaped questions from viewers. This segment was entitled "Ask Judge Karen"
It was announced on January 10, 2009 that "Judge Karen" would not be renewed for a second season. At present, reruns are being televised on the BET Network and TV One network.

</doc>
<doc id="19292022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292022" title="Club de Radioaficionados de Guatemala">
Club de Radioaficionados de Guatemala

The Club de Radioaficionados de Guatemala (CRAG) (n English, Guatemala Amateur Radio Club) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Guatemala. Key membership benefits of the CRAG include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries, and a network to support amateur radio emergency communications. CRAG represents the interests of Guatemalan amateur radio operators before Guatemalan and international regulatory authorities. CRAG is the national member society representing Guatemala in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19292049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292049" title="Holdning Over Underholdning">
Holdning Over Underholdning

Holdning Over Underholdning (attitude over entertainment) is an album released by the Norwegian hip hop group Gatas Parlament in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19292058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292058" title="Michael Mortensen">
Michael Mortensen

Michael Mortensen (born 12 March 1961, in Glostrup, Denmark), is a former professional tennis player from Denmark.
Mortensen achieved a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 34 in 1988 and a career-high singles ranking of World No. 301 in 1984. Mortensen won five career ATP doubles titles.
Mortensen participated in 22 Davis Cup ties for Denmark from 1979 to 1990, posting an 11–13 record in doubles and a 12–14 record in singles.
Mortensen subsequently became a coach. Among players he coached was the WTA top 10 Player and Chinese No. 1 Li Na who won the 2011 French Open Women's Singles title under Mortensen.

</doc>
<doc id="19292064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292064" title="John B. Eckstorm">
John B. Eckstorm

John Bernard Christian Eckstorm was an American football coach. He served as the head coach at Ohio State University from 1899 to 1901, compiling a record of 22–4–3. Eckstorm was the first Ohio State Buckeyes football coach to have a winning record at the school. In his first season in 1899, the Buckeyes went 9–0–1 giving OSU their first undefeated season in school history. The next season he led Ohio State to a tie against Michigan in the second meeting of the two schools.
He was later a physician in Ohio. He died in Marysville, Ohio in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19292073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292073" title="Resolving Contradictions">
Resolving Contradictions

Resolving Contradictions is an album by British musician Andy Mackay, released on Bronze Records in 1978.
Andy Mackay was once Roxy Music's saxophonist, and some members of the group happen to play on this record. This opus is a "concept album" with references to the Chinese culture. The cover, designed by Jane Mackay, figures a sort of post-Cultural Revolution scene. And the sound of most of the numbers relates to what a western world audience could "know" about Chinese music.
Track listing.
All songs are by Andy Mackay; except "Battersea Rise" by Ray Russell and Andy Mackay

</doc>
<doc id="19292074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292074" title="Michael Goreseb">
Michael Goreseb

Michael Bantu Goreseb (born 22 April 1955 in Okombahe, Erongo Region) is a Namibian politician. A member of the United Democratic Front, Goreseb has been a member of the National Assembly of Namibia since the 2004 parliamentary election as well as member of the UDF's Central Committee during the same time. In the National Assembly, the Erongo Region native has been member of the Standing Committee on Economics, Natural Resources and Public Administration, as well as the Standing Committee on Human Resources, Social and Community Development. Prior to entering national politics, Goreseb was the mayor and town councillor of Usakos, Erongo from 1998-2003. In 1994, Goreseb earned a Diploma in Education from Windhoek College of Education.
Political views.
In 2005, Goreseb called the state of education in Namibia a "mess" and said the system had "failed the nation".

</doc>
<doc id="19292099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292099" title="George Aleef">
George Aleef

George Aleef (1887 – 1970) was a Russian orientalist painter who served in the Tsarist Army. He later lived in Palestine until the 1948 Palestinian exodus, his paintings depicted major historical moments during that era in Palestine.
Biography.
Born in Russia, he served as a bodyguard for Tsar Nicholas II of Russia until the October Revolution broke out. In 1920, he became a professional painter and left Russia to Istanbul, Turkey. He later moved to Palestine and in 1948 during the Palestinian exodus, he moved to Jordan, where he lived till 1968 before leaving to Lebanon.
Art.
His style is rather neo-classical and has naive traits which are apparent in practically all his works. He used both oils and water color.
During his time in Palestine, he painted Jerusalem with an Arabic identity also portraying a time where mosques, churches and synagogues coexisted peacefully.
He had many exhibitions in Jerusalem, Amman and Beirut and many of his paintings are hanging at the Jordanian Royal Court and in private Jordanian collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19292102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292102" title="Karl Montevirgen">
Karl Montevirgen

Karl Montevirgen (b. August 10, 1969) is an American Composer who specializes in improvisational, experimental guitar work. Karl Montevirgen's album "War Machines" was released in 2007 on the Black Phone label. Karl has organized the "(Un-)mapping of the Electric Guitar" event in Eagle Rock, California that brought his guitar works together with those of Michael Pisaro, Rick Cox, Chas Smith, Jeremy Drake and Michael Jon Fink. He has performed at the Earjam 3 in Pasadena's Furious Theatre Space curated by Julie Adler. His collaborative work with artist and filmmaker Chris Peters in their film "Captain Scurvy" has been put on exhibition at Berlin's ARTBANG 2008. Karl has participated in the so.cal.sonic sound.Commons Orchestra in Long Beach, California in 2005. and "Dangerous Curve Gallery" in downtown Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19292103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292103" title="Albert J. Meyer (economist)">
Albert J. Meyer (economist)

Albert Julius Meyer (14 May 1919 – 31 October 1983) was an American economist who taught at Harvard University for 28 years. Meyers specialized in the economies of the Middle East.
Meyer was born in Hawarden, Iowa. obtained his bachelors and master's degrees at the University of California at Los Angeles. In 1947 he received his doctorate from Johns Hopkins University. Among his seminal papers was "Entrepreneurship the missing link in the Arab states?" In 1955, he started teaching at Harvard. While at Harvard he produced two major books:
Myers was chief of mission for the Special U.S. Economic Mission to Saudi Arabia, June 13-30, 1962, that led to closer U.S. ties with the kingdom.
Meyers was married to Anne Avantaggio and they had three children. He died of leukemia in Boston and his papers are maintained at the Harvard University Archives.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="19292126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292126" title="Parliamentary Road">
Parliamentary Road

Parliamentary Road was a major street in the Townhead area of the city of Glasgow, Scotland.
The road was the original north eastern continuation of Sauchiehall Street, crossing the railway tracks of Queen Street Station and on into the Townhead area of the East End. 
However, a combination of slum clearance and the subsequent construction of the Townhead B housing estate in the 1960s, and later; the construction of Buchanan Street Bus Station in the late 1970s saw a complete rearrangement of the roads in the area. The western section of the road was realigned in an approximate east-west axis between North Hanover Street and West Nile Street and was renamed as Killermont Street (the original Killermont Street having been a continuation of West Nile Street, running north-south), whilst the eastern section disappeared in the 1960s during the slum clearance efforts of the period, and their replacement under a major council house redevelopment. A path running north easterly through the housing estate follows the approximate line of the route.
The final remains of Parliamentary Road were removed in the 1990s when the construction of the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall over the western end of the road took place, and an eastern stub disappeared under a five-a-side football complex. 

</doc>
<doc id="19292127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292127" title="List of 2008 albums">
List of 2008 albums

This is a list of music albums released in the year 2008.
All releases are an CD/LP unless otherwise stated.
Multiple entries for the same day are arranged alphabetically by the album's name.
Release dates may vary in different countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19292156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292156" title="Neighborhood theatre">
Neighborhood theatre

Predating multiplex movie theatres, neighborhood theatres were the colloquial name given to smaller movie theatres located in local neighborhoods, as opposed to the large movie palaces located in downtown areas. 
Neighborhood theatres were mostly discount theaters and typically showed films after their first run at cheaper prices, often double features. However, because of their size, they would usually show reduction prints of films shot in such larger-sized formats such as Todd-AO, Super Panavision 70, or Ultra Panavision.

</doc>
<doc id="19292194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292194" title="Naniboujou Club Lodge">
Naniboujou Club Lodge

The Naniboujou Club Lodge is a resort and restaurant built as part of a private club on the North Shore of Lake Superior in Cook County, Minnesota, USA, about east of Grand Marais. Named after Nanabozho, a character from the Ojibwa traditional stories, the lodge's décor has both Native American and Art Deco influences. Commenced in the twilight of the Jazz Age, the club's grandiose plans succumbed to the economic realities of the Great Depression, and only the clubhouse was built. That building retains its original design and is listed as a historic property.
History.
Wealthy businessmen from Duluth, Minnesota planned a resort on along the newly opened North Shore Highway, and announced the project in 1927. The name selected was that of a Cree spirit of the woods, and the membership sales pitch was rooted in Indian legend. Ground was broken in 1928 and the club opened for business in 1929. Membership was to be limited, and free memberships were given to public figures of the day in order to attract other members. Members included celebrities Babe Ruth, Jack Dempsey, and Ring Lardner. 
Plans included a golf course, swimming pool, tennis courts, a marina, a 150–room clubhouse, and an inland hunting lodge but only a smaller clubhouse was built. Further financial difficulties were caused by the onset of the Great Depression, which led to foreclosure in 1935. The facility was sold in 1939. Much of the land became part of Judge C. R. Magney State Park, but the lakeshore property on which the lodge is located remained in private hands. Thereafter the lodge has had a number of owners, who have operated it both as a hotel chain, and later as a family resort.
Architecture and décor.
The Naniboujou Club Lodge is on the National Register of Historic Places. It was nominated for the Register in 1982, as it had retained "its original design in a good state of preservation". 
Design elements include architectural features such as polygonal towers, cedar shakes, a gambrel roof pierced by dormers, and French doors topped by sashes with pointed crowns. The Cree theme of the lodge is displayed in the common room, which has a 200-short-ton (180 t) native rock fireplace about high. Inset above the hearth is a native welcome symbol in the shape of a sunburst, made of the same water-rounded stone used in the fireplace. The chamber's walls and ceilings were painted by the French artist Antoine Gouffee with other native-inspired designs, and have been called a "psychedelic marriage of Art Deco and traditional Cree Indian patterns".
The lodge today.
Now known as "Naniboujou Lodge and Restaurant", the property is a privately owned hotel and restaurant. The sleeping wings contain the hotel rooms, and the former common area, still bearing its original decoration, is now the dining hall. Later changes to the building have continued the Cree theme. 
Facilities include the restaurant in the former Great Hall club commons, and a solarium. Lake Superior and the Brule River adjoin the plot on which the resort is located. Across the highway are the exotic rock formations and natural beauties of Judge C. R. Magney State Park, created from the former club’s lands, including the Devil's Kettle. Nearby are other state parks and the Superior National Forest, which offer canoeing, hiking, camping, and fishing in the North Woods and lakes of Minnesota’s Arrowhead Region.
Naniboujou in modern culture.
Naniboujou Lodge has been featured in books on tourism in Minnesota or the North Shore. Monica Ferris' murder mystery novel "Unraveled Sleeve" is set at Naniboujou Lodge. Naniboujou Club Lodge has also been featured in "Minnesota Monthly".
Nanabozho.
In Anishinaabe mythology, particularly among the Ojibwa, Nanabozho is a spirit, and figures prominently in their storytelling, including the story of the world's creation. Nanabozho is the Ojibwe trickster figure and culture hero (these two archetypes are often combined into a single figure in First Nations mythologies). He plays a similar role as the Saulteaux Wiisagejaak (Cree Wisakedjak).

</doc>
<doc id="19292207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292207" title="Gymnastics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's team">
Gymnastics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's team

The men's team all-around event was part of the gymnastics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. It was one of nine gymnastics events and it was contested for the fifth time. The competition was held from Thursday, July 17, 1924 to Wednesday, July 23, 1924.
Seventy-two gymnasts from nine nations competed.

</doc>
<doc id="19292216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292216" title="Antonio Iannucci">
Antonio Iannucci

Antonio Iannucci (13 June 1914 – 14 October 2008) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Iannucci was born in Bolognano, Italy, in 1914 and was ordained a priest on 25 March 1938. He was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Pescara-Penne on 20 March 1955, and ordained on 8 May 1955. On 16 February 1959, he was appointed bishop of the Archdiocese of Pescara-Penne and then Archbishop with the name change of the diocese on 2 March 1982. He retired from the position on 21 April 1990.
Iannucci was the titular bishop of Hadriania from 1955 to 1959. He died in Pescara, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19292220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292220" title="Reduction print">
Reduction print

A reduction print is a print of a large-size format film converted to a smaller size format (for example, a 70mm print converted to 35mm). Often this is necessary because not all theaters have a screen of the size required to show a film in large format, or indeed the projection equipment. This is especially true of some screens in multiplex theaters. In former days, it was true of the neighborhood theatres located outside of downtown areas.
Conversely, a "blow-up print" is a regular format film converted to larger size (i.e., 35mm to 70mm). This was once often done so that "regular-sized" film would seem even more impressive on screens such as the ones in Cinerama theaters. 
In relief printing, a reduction print is a multicolor print in which the separate colors printed from the same block at different stages. Usually, the lightest color of the design is printed first, then the block is "reduced" by carving to the areas which the artist wants to print the second color from, and so forth. The disadvantage of reduction printing as opposed to printing from multiple blocks is that once the first color is printed, the matrix for it is destroyed in the creation of the printing matrix for the second color. It is impossible to undo mistakes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19292238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292238" title="David Walker (Bishop of Manchester)">
David Walker (Bishop of Manchester)

David Stuart Walker(born 30 May 1957) is the current Bishop of Manchester. He was announced as the Bishop-designate of Manchester on 5 June 2013, and enthroned on 30 November 2013. He was educated at Manchester Grammar School, competing in the International Mathematical Olympiad in 1975, and King's College, Cambridge. After a period of study at Queen's College, Birmingham he was ordained in 1983. His career began with a curacy at St Mary Handsworth, after which he was Team Vicar at Maltby, then Bramley before ordination to the episcopate. A keen hill walker, he is married to Sue and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19292244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292244" title="Heliomeroides">
Heliomeroides

Heliomeroides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Cheiruridae), that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the United States. It was described by Evitt in 1951, and the type species is "Heliomeroides teres". The type locality was the Lincolnshire Formation in Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19292250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292250" title="The Most Holy Name of the Blessed Virgin Mary">
The Most Holy Name of the Blessed Virgin Mary

The Most Holy Name of the Blessed Virgin Mary is an optional memorial celebrated in the liturgical calendar of the Catholic Church on 12 September. It was removed from the Church calendar by Annibale Bugnini, Secretary to the Commission for Liturgical Reform during Vatican II, but restored by Pope John Paul II in 2002, along with the feast of the Holy Name of Jesus.
It was first celebrated in Spain in 1513. It was associated with the 1683 defeat of the Muslim army outside of Vienna. The Polish king, John Sobieski, arrived at Vienna with his army on the octave of the Nativity of Mary. He entrusted his force to Mary, and the Turks were routed. Pope Innocent XI declared the Most Holy Name of the Blessed Virgin Mary as a celebration for the universal Church as a memorial of the victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19292253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292253" title="Drew Atchison">
Drew Atchison

Andrew (Drew) Peter Atchison (born April 2, 1985 in Charlottesville, Virginia) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at William & Mary.
Atchison has also been a member of the Miami Dolphins.

</doc>
<doc id="19292260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292260" title="James Zadroga">
James Zadroga

James Zadroga (February 8, 1971 – January 5, 2006) was a New York City Police Department (NYPD) officer who died of a respiratory disease that has been attributed to his participation in rescue and recovery operations in the rubble of the World Trade Center following the September 11 attacks. Zadroga was the first NYPD officer whose death was attributed to exposure to his contact with toxic chemicals at the attack site.
Zadroga had joined the New York City Police Department in 1992 and attained the rank of Detective. He was a healthy non-smoker and had no known history of asthma or other respiratory conditions before spending 450 hours participating in the recovery efforts at the 9/11 attack site. Weeks after his time at the World Trade Center site, Zadroga developed a persistent cough, and, as the months progressed, he developed shortness of breath and became unable to walk distances more than 100 feet without gasping for air.
The September 11th Victim Compensation Fund awarded Zadroga a monetary settlement in excess of $1M in 2004, after determining that his exposure to dust at Ground Zero had caused his respiratory illness. The New York City Police Department Medical Board approved his application for permanent disability retirement that same year, after concluding that his illness was related to dust exposure.
Cause of death.
The causes of Zadroga's death are under dispute. Gerard Breton, a pathologist of the Ocean County, New Jersey medical examiner's office, conducted an autopsy in April 2006, and he reported, "It is felt with a reasonable degree of medical certainty that the cause of death in this case was directly related to the 9/11 incident." This attribution made Zadroga, 34-years-old at the time of his death, the first 9/11 responder whose death was directly linked with toxic Ground Zero substances. Breton's autopsy found what he described as "unidentified foreign materials" in Zadroga's lungs, which were identified by the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology in Washington, D.C. as talc, cellulose, calcium phosphate, and methacrylate plastic; However, the examination did not compare the particles found in his lungs with actual dust from the World Trade Center site.
The New York City Medical Examiners Office asserted in October 2007 that Zadroga's death was not related to his time at Ground Zero, with Chief Medical Examiner Charles Hirsch and another medical examiner signing a statement that "It is our unequivocal opinion, with certainty beyond doubt, that the foreign material in your son’s lungs did not get there as the result of inhaling dust at the World Trade Center or elsewhere". Hirsch concluded that Zadroga died from self-injection of ground drugs, with Hirsch finding severe scarring in his lungs that he determined was caused by cellulose and talc granulomas and stating (through a spokesperson) that "The lung disease he had was a consequence of injecting prescription drugs". Officials from the Chief Medical Examiner's office met with the Zadroga family to present his findings.
In response to the City Medical Examiner's autopsy results, Mayor of New York City Michael Bloomberg stated "We wanted to have a hero, and there are plenty of heroes, it’s just in this case, science says this was not a hero" at remarks made after receiving an award from the Harvard School of Public Health, but backed away from his earlier characterization at a news conferences stating that "This was a great N.Y.P.D. officer who dedicated himself — put his life in harm’s way hundreds of times during his career — and you can use your own definition."
A third opinion obtained by Zadroga's family later that month from Dr. Michael Baden, chief forensic pathologist of the New York State Police (and former New York City Medical Examiner), backed the original claim of WTC dust responsibility, citing the presence of glass fibers in Zadroga's lungs that could not be related to injecting drugs. James' father, Joseph, said that the medical examiner reported no "track marks on his arms or body" and that his son had taken anti-anxiety medications and painkillers including OxyContin, but had never ground up and injected the drugs.
James Zadroga Act.
Then-Governor of New York George Pataki signed legislation on August 14, 2006, to expand death benefits to Ground Zero workers who die from cancer or respiratory diseases, under the presumption that the cause was due to exposure during recovery efforts. Pataki mentioned Zadroga at the bill-signing ceremony, held at the World Trade Center site.Unfortunately, the latency period often associated with diagnosing cancer has created a potential hurdle in appropriately compensating individuals who may die or become ill in the future as a result of their exposure following the 2001 tragedy. 
Federal legislation intended to provide health monitoring and financial aid to sick 9/11 workers is known as the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act. Its sponsors include Senator Bob Menendez and Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney. The original bill did not pass. The U.S. House passed a new version of the act in September 2010. New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg asked the Senate to do the same. In a Senate vote held on December 9, 2010, Democrats were unable to break a Republican filibuster against the bill; the vote was 57 in favor of ending debate and 42 against, but 60 votes were needed for the bill to proceed to an up-or-down vote. Republicans outlined concerns around paying for the $7.4 billion bill in an appropriate way. Additionally, they also raised concerns about creating an expansive new healthcare entitlement program and re-opening the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund. Comedian Jon Stewart of "The Daily Show" was credited by the White House and other media and political news outlets for bringing awareness of the Republican filibuster on the Zadroga bill. The bill received final Congressional approval on December 22, 2010, and was enacted by President Obama on January 2, 2011.
The James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act allocated $4.2 billion to create the World Trade Center Health Program, which provides testing and treatment for people who worked in response and recovery operations as well as for other survivors of the 9/11 attacks. There are several WTC Health Program clinic locations in the New York City area as well as a national network of clinics associated with the National Responder Health Program.
Personal.
Zadroga had been married. His wife, Rhonda, had died in Florida in October 2003, where Sheriff's Deputies noted the presence of needle marks on her body and the coroner's report detailed numerous drugs, including methadone (a drug typically used to ease withdrawal from opiates like heroin) in her blood."
Zadroga was honored in his hometown of North Arlington, New Jersey with the renaming of the Skyline Sports Complex, from where the Twin Towers could be seen, which became the James Zadroga Soccer Field as of September 21, 2008. The borough has also dedicated two monuments to Zadroga as part of the ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="19292276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292276" title="Sébastien Charpentier">
Sébastien Charpentier

Sébastien Charpentier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292286" title="Tahirli">
Tahirli

Tahirli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292312" title="Azucena (given name)">
Azucena (given name)

Azucena is a feminine given name. Notable people with the name include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="19292316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292316" title="Hexacosta">
Hexacosta

Hexacosta is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Acastidae), that existed during the middle Devonian in what is now Afghanistan. It was described by Farsan in 1981, and the type species is "Hexacosta zendadjanensis".

</doc>
<doc id="19292338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292338" title="Where Have All the Flowers Gone? (film)">
Where Have All the Flowers Gone? (film)

Where Have All the Flowers Gone? is a 2008 documentary film directed by Arturo Perez Jr. and produced by Arturo Perez Jr., Joel Sadler and Billy Troy. Perez, Sadler, and Troy travel to San Francisco to recapture the Summer of Love more than 40 years previously. The film premiered at the Wine Country Film Festival on August 4, 2008 and at San Francisco State University on September 26, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19292351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292351" title="List of My Hero characters">
List of My Hero characters

Below is a list of characters from the British sitcom "My Hero", which aired on BBC One from February 2000 to September 2006 for six series and fifty-two episodes, one of which was a Christmas special, broadcast in December 2000. Ardal O'Hanlon, and later James Dreyfus, portrays a superhero named Thermoman from planet Ultron, who tries to adapt to life on Earth.
George Sunday aka. "Thermoman".
George Eamonn Sunday (Ardal O'Hanlon) is an Irish shopkeeper who's the alter ego of Thermoman, a world-famous superhero from the planet Ultron. He inherited his title from his father Seamus, the original Thermoman, who is now retired. George originally owns a health food store, but tries to avoid attracting customers in order to avoid attention. Only his closest friends know his true identity. He often appears to be an idiot because of his unfamiliarity with Earth culture and has a tendency to take things literally, such as allowing himself to get hit by a bus to cash in a life insurance policy without realising that he had to die.
From 2006, in his new body, he uses the pseudonym George Monday (James Dreyfus), posing as a doctor in Northolt Health Centre hired by Dr Piers Crispin. Janet introduces Monday to friends and parents as her friend and lodger, however they believe she's in a relationship with Monday, and that she's murdered her husband. Later episodes show characters believing Sunday left her.
Thermoman has numerous abilities in the show. He is able to both heat and freeze things with his 'thermo-breath', and smash things with "super strength". The latter is also a weakness, it being uncontrollable when the superhero's tired, as in series two episode three "Girlfriend", where Thermoman unintentionally smashes alarm clocks with his hand.
Other powers include "flight", "super speed", X-ray vision, resurrection of the dead, time travel and an ability to smell natural disasters and crimes anywhere in the world. Other psychic powers are knowing lottery numbers- although he is forbidden by Ultronian law to use this information- before seeing them on television via a series of quick mental calculations he can carry out automatically. He can also turn the television on and off and rewind it just by waving his finger.
"Invulnerability" allows Thermoman to cut off parts of his own body, such as his own head, and then replace it. This is done without blood (Thermoman doesn't bleed). However this invincibility is only effective when Thermoman believes he's invincible. In one episode he begins to doubt his ability and thus temporarily loses this power, gaining unwanted and uncontrollable invisibility instead. Invisibility occurs when he is afraid, and the amount of parts of his body that turn invisible depend on how frightened he is.
Thermoman can control minds and erase memories by putting his finger to their foreheads, and by giving them a "thermoblast". "Total erasure" is achieved by staring at a person, with the side effect of causing them to lose their hair. Thermoman can also control people's mouths; "Thermowelding" is the ability to weld a person's mouth shut. Zip-it! – a safer way of silencing people, uses a zipper (used on Tyler and Arnie), and is shown in the series three episode "Pet Rescue", along with "Interspecies Interpreter –, that allows Thermoman to communicate with animals excluding dung beetles; ("Why would you "want" to? They live in dung!"). The latter was used again in series six, episode three, "My Kingdom for a Cat". 
"Miracle Spit – is used to make plants grow quickly.
As well as all of these powers, Thermoman on multiple occasions, orders additional trial powers from the magazine "Superhero Monthly".
Janet Dawkins Sunday.
Janet Charlotte Sunday/Dawkins (Emily Joyce) is the voice of sanity, and a nurse in the Northolt Health Centre. She first meets Thermoman when he rescues her from death, after falling into the Grand Canyon whilst on holiday, subsequently beginning to date George after he relocated his shop from Ireland. Although she loves George, she is frequently exasperated and confused by his behaviour. She married George at the end of series 2. She seems to be the only person who can apparently stand Mrs Raven as a friend, and vice versa. Piers Crispin has a crush on her and her mother (whom she resents) disapproves of her marriage to George Sunday and wishes she would get rid of him and marry Piers. She is a very decent woman and dislikes discrimination, with the only prejudice she has ever shown being her difficulty in accepting that 'George Monday' was still essentially the George she had married. George and Janet reside in Flat 59, Linden Court, Jordan Road, Northolt, UB5 3AC.
Ollie Sunday.
Apollo "Ollie" Sunday (voice by Finlay Stroud) is the fluent English-speaking baby with a full set of teeth, the son of George and Janet. He's born at the end of series two, and, like his father has superhuman powers, although they are somewhat limited. He takes more of a back seat in series five, as he fights sibling rivalry wars with his sister Cassie. The name "Apollo" is chosen by Ollie himself during a conversation with Tyler, and is meant to symbolise the link between two "heavenly bodies" (either "Apollo 11" or "Battlestar Galactica"). George originally wants to name him Pontius after Pontius Pilate, but Janet opted for Benjamin before Tyler told them Ollie did not like either name.
By Series five, Ollie is said to know virtually all Earth languages (although George considered Flemish as a dialect).
Cassie Sunday.
Cassandra "Cassie" Sunday (voice by Madeline Mortimer) is the newest member of the Sunday family, born at the beginning of the fifth series, and named herself Cassandra. Her only superpower is that she can see into the future. This proved to be of little use, as she once thought that population of the whole Northern Hemisphere was dead when it was revealed that in fact she couldn't distinguish between sleep and death. This led to chaos as everyone flocked to Australia, in the Southern Hemisphere, as they were still awake/alive.
Piers Crispin.
Local GP Dr Piers Crispin (Hugh Dennis) is Janet's corrupt boss, more interested in his public image than in his patients' welfare. In "Time and Time Again", Janet said that he was both when he was referred to as "either stupid or corrupt", and "Britain's favourite TV doctor." In the episode "Shock, Horror!", he accidentally reveals to Janet that he faked his A-Level results to get into medical school and is more concerned with his television career than anything else. In series four episode ten, "Time and Time Again", he promotes cigarettes as good for you (initially believed by Janet and Mrs Raven to be an April Fool's Joke), when paid by the tobacco industry to do his own study. In series six episode eight, "Believe", the audience finds out he cheats and schemes because of being bullied at school, being locked in a cellar by his father, and his unfeeling mother celebrating his brother's latest scout badge ignoring him. His father was CEO of a merchant bank. In episode -"Believe" he revealed he won Best Daytime Doctor award in 1996.
To boost his image, Piers tries schemes such as releasing his own health drink (diluted mouthwash but took it off the market after an "unhealthy" experience with a gangster). He also tried sponsoring a photogenic tiger cub in Bangladesh, writing a book (that Mrs Raven suggested a patient read as a means to relieve insomnia), supporting a healthy eating campaign in schools, and even appearing on "I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!". His catchphrase in the series is "I am always here".He is captain of his local cricket team. He also revealed in episode-"A Sporting Chance" that he once was a professional cricket player and had given up the game to become a doctor which made a lot of people sad.
Piers is a qualified doctor even though he doesn't know where babies come from. As it uncovered in episode "Cassie Come Home".Moreover, he uncovered one more story about his childhood that he wanted to be a violinist but his father didn't consent to it. His father strictly banned all music from the house for three years and forced him to be a doctor. Doctor Piers Crispin was once engaged to be married to a psychotic woman named Linda (Perdita Avery ).In series two episode six, "Pregnant", George describes him "as the most boring person he has ever encountered, worse even than Zargons national sport is growing cress".He is a 43 year old virgin as he reveals his virginity in the episode "Not for prophet" and "A Day To Remember" (although he lost it in the episode "Big", it's not something he'd want to talk about).Says Hugh Dennis (Dr Piers Crispin): "Dr Piers is a self-obsessed, incredibly vain egomaniac with no interest in anything except himself - he's a brilliant part to play!"
Arnie.
Arnie Kowalski (Lou Hirsch) is George's cousin and confidant. Originally a superhero himself named Polarman, he lost his powers because he began charging for his services. He's a greedy character, willing to do anything to make money, regardless of who it harms, including himself. In one episode he gets his powers back from the Ultron Council, and becomes the new hero in town, as it were, making George feel redundant. He has them taken away again when caught stealing from those he saved, and even for stealing the Crown Jewels. In series one, he lives in New York, where he owns a café, but moves to Las Vegas in series two, where he owns a casino and to Northolt in series three. From series three onwards, Arnie starts using British idioms, whereas in series one and two he uses American idioms.
He, throughout the series has been helpful and resourceful to Thermoman, on matters such as contacts on Ultron and advice to help George when in need.
Examples of his attempts to become rich are trying to start up a website for George's health shop with Tyler that does well for a day, then Tyler accidentally destroys the website and his laptop. He makes 80 pounds per week in six months while filming a sitcom called "the filth channel" for Ultron recording his activities with Mrs Raven. He starts a therapy to help George get his invincibility back when he learns the truth about his powers and he makes 60 pounds, but Janet gets him to reduce the price.
Mrs Raven.
Mrs Raven (Geraldine McNulty), is the sociopathic, sadistic, misanthropic receptionist in Northolt Health Centre. She has a sadomasochistic relationship with Arnie, has triplets from a previous marriage, and despises them to no end. In the first episode, she takes them to see an exorcist. Mrs Raven often makes snide comments about people while they are present (similar to Anne Robinson), and seems to pride herself on scaring away potential patients. She often gets the better of her boss, Dr Piers Crispin, usually through blackmail or similar methods. She is rarely overly mean to Janet, however, and the two women have oddly managed to form a genuine friendship.
Arnie has been staying with her since series three. According to Doctor Crispin, she never was a child. Also, in "Night Fever", she predicts she could see her psychotic mother in her triplets in the future, and tells Janet her family throughout generations have always been callous. She also states that prior to being a receptionist, she was a prison warden. Her wedding vows were "No retreat, no surrender", and claims she accepted to marry her former husband only after he had her in an inebriated state with gin.
She is known to aid Doctor Crispin in his schemes. If it works, she most likely wants a cut of the profits, and if it doesn't work, she gets some amusement out of Doctor Crispin's humiliation. For example, she has a camcorder ready to film Stanley Dawkins's pregnancy for a live show. Crispin then delivers a 2-ounce gallstone, earning a front page story in "The Sun" newspaper with the title "They think it's gall over" (punning on the 1966 world cup phrase "They think it's all over, it is now"). She photocopies this story for the patients to read.
Raven sells homemade booze to Crispin for his cousin Deon's stag night and has arranged for a stripper, i.e., herself. Mrs Raven earns enough to pay off her £5000 tax and she got amusement from Piers being "lynched" (gaffer taped to a lamppost, stark naked, with gaffer tape covering his genitals) after selling him out to Deon Crispin and his friends.
Despite her nasty behaviour towards Crispin, she reveals in series six episode eight, "Believe", that insulting Doctor Crispin is one of two things that gets her out of bed (the other being that her triplets keep their stash of explosives under her bed).
Crispin compares her to the Wicked Witch of the West from "The Wizard of Oz" in a few episodes. Another time he refers to her as "Mrs Hannibal Lector."
Her first name is never revealed. Even she refers to herself as "Mrs Raven." Her triplets are also unnamed and never seen, though Mrs. Raven keeps up a running commentary on their increasingly outrageous, obviously illegal and occasionally disturbing behavior. She has made numerous references to her equally vicious sister, Doris, and their psychotic mother.
Stanley and Ella Dawkins.
Stanley (Tim Wylton) and Ella Dawkins (Lill Roughley) are Janet's meddlesome parents. Their relationship is tempestuous, getting off on a bad start from literally day one, as they argued on their honeymoon and spent the night apart. Mrs Dawkins is a typical mother-in-law and has always thought Janet should have married Doctor Crispin. She dislikes George, believing him to be an idiot and loser. Janet's father Stanley humorously complains all the time about his wife and is rather suspicious of George and all other men who are anywhere near his daughter. When George gains the mystic power of "Mascara" (which is the power to read minds) he reads Stanley’s mind and discovers that all he ever thinks about is killing Ella. He seems to be a bit more tolerant of George, as he has a few good times with him (mainly because he irritates Ella, making him a lesser target).
Despite his dislike of them, George repeatedly attempts to get his parents-in-law to like him. Janet, on the other hand, holds a deep grudge against them, most likely due to their overbearing, controlling ways and their repeated abuse of George.
Stanley and Ella find each other more attractive when they're both intoxicated, as revealed in series six episode seven, "Top of the Table". This might explain how Janet is conceived to a married couple like Ella and Stanley (the kind that find each other irritating and only attractive to each other when alcohol is in their system).
Tyler.
Tyler (Philip Whitchurch) is Janet and George's crazy neighbour. Janet believes that his brain was fried by hallucinogens in the 1960s. He knows George's real identity, but often seems to have his own even more bizarre ideas and theories about the universe. For instance, he often claims that Gandalf, Frodo, and other fictional characters are staying in his flat. George initially denies Tyler's claims that he is Thermoman, but from series two onwards, he just accepts that Tyler knows (mainly because no one would believe him), and gives him a job as his assistant in the health shop, replacing his original assistant from series one, Avril.
On one occasion in the shop, he tells George and Arnie that at age five he went to boarding school and was bullied for ten years, but learnt that some people from fantasy are not real like Luke Skywalker. From series five onwards, he is often left to look after the kids. Tyler often refers to George as "Master", and occasionally calls Janet "Mistress" as well.
He is the only human who is resistant to George's memory-erasing thermoblast. George attempts this twice in series one episode one, "My Hero", and episode four, "Thermoman's Greatest Challenge".
In series six episode eight, "Believe", it is revealed much to the surprise of Janet, that Tyler is 32 (which means that he is about 26 in the Pilot). In the same episode he thinks he is more attractive with a wig (which he originally thought was a cat), but his attempts to "go on the pull" result in three restraining orders and a lifelong ban from Somerfield supermarkets. Tyler has a Scouse accent.
Avril.
Avril (Moya Brady) is George's nervous assistant in his health shop in series one. She is replaced by Tyler from series two onwards. She has a crush on George and a dislike of Janet. She also has constant breakdowns and shakes when doing so. Her character is never seen or referred to again after series one.
Recurring guest characters.
Ultron Postie
The Ultron Postie (Pat Kelman) appeared in 11 episodes of the series from 2002-2006. He appeared from the Sunday's bathroom delivering messages and gadgets from Ultron. He is the only recurring guest character. He first appeared in series 3, episode 2, "Zero Tolerance".
Planet Ultron.
Ultron is Thermoman's home planet and Superheroes are their greatest export. Ultron is never seen, apart from a few shots of the planet from space (although George once described the gravity and atmospheric pressure to be much greater than Earth), but many references are made to the planet and its unique culture throughout the series.
Traditions include the grand ceremony of Betrothal, the great pig juggling ceremony, the time tunnel of tarxis—Re-jigs the age hormones—the protocols of Talithos and Zanalar—the pre-wedding mating ritual—. Other traditions include the Ultron nose-pinch—the sign of true friendship between a male and a female—the sacred oath of allegiance—the sacred stance—part of the sacred oath of allegiance and features the heroes standing with their right arms on their hips and their left arms straight across with the hands pointing down. And finally, Chang Ching—combat to the death (also known as Rock, Paper, Scissors), where forfeiting results in being scattered to the corners of the universe in four separate packing cases.
Languages are: "Zneet Znadder Zneet" (Often shortened to "Zneet"), which is typical Ultronian greeting. "Zneet Znadder Znithery Zneet" - happy Ultronian greeting. "You Great Nishdar" is an Ultronian insult. "Zneet Znadder Znooding Zneet" (as done by Tyler) is considered disgusting and it is illegal.
Lying on Ultron is punished by death.
George states that Ultronians find physical beauty unnecessary and meaningless. Compassion, intelligence and decent morals are valued more than anything else, if an Ultronian is to find a spouse. George states the males on Ultron know their soulmates as soon as they meet them. He also states that Ultronian women are remarkably tall, almost Amazonian. His own sister is eleven feet tall.
If an Ultronian male gets a female pregnant and they aren't married, the Ultronian male must have a Vasectomy (on Ultron, a couple of bricks are used for this with no anesthetic), unless they get married.
Aside from Planet Earth, the Ultrons' closest neighbours are the Zargons, a race of fish-like humanoids. According to George, Miss Zargon, winner of the Miss Universe contest, has "three of the loveliest noses in the galaxy."
Several well-known humans on Earth have been revealed to hail from Ultron. Joan Collins, Tom Cruise, Nicole Kidman, and Leonardo da Vinci are in fact Ultronian natives who have found stardom on Earth.
Thermoman ethics.
Ultron superheroes take a vow to protect all human life, and the superhero code forbids injuring another human being. Section nine of the code covers illegal impersonation of a superhero for personal advancement and for misuse of superpowers for personal gain. Heroes must transform in the bathroom. If a species falls below acceptable standards, they are "Permanently excluded from the universe", in the worst possible case. In others, they punish the world that has not done particularly well by sending someone that they hate (David Dickinson is mentioned as an example).
George and Arnie quote various rules throughout the series including "Always set the best possible example", "Never sneeze with your visor closed", "No superhero shall ever lend his name, image or reputation for commercial endorsement of any kind, including Kentucky Fried Chicken", and "Don't drink and fly".

</doc>
<doc id="19292354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292354" title="Electoral district of Ashburton">
Electoral district of Ashburton

Ashburton was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1890 to 1901 and again from 1989 to 1996.
The district was one of the original 30 seats contested at the 1890 state election. It was located in the remote north-west of the state. The seat was abolished ahead of the 1901 state election.
Revived for the 1989 state election, Ashburton was won by Labor candidate Pam Buchanan, previously the member for Pilbara. Buchanan, by this time an independent, resigned the seat in 1991 due to ill-health, triggering a by-election won by Labor candidate Fred Riebeling. The district was abolished ahead of the 1996 state election and Riebeling shifted to the new seat of Burrup at that election.

</doc>
<doc id="19292381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292381" title="KOAY">
KOAY

KOAY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292392" title="Ləzran">
Ləzran

Ləzran or Lezran or Lyazan or Lyazran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292393" title="Hintzeia">
Hintzeia

Hintzeia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Pliomeridae), that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now the United States. It was described by Harrington in 1957, and the type species is "Hintzeia aemula" (type specimen: 26434 (AMNH)), which was originally described under the genus "Protopliomerops" by Hintze in 1953. Harrington also moved two other "Protopliomerops" species, "P. celsaora" and "P. firmimarginis", under "Hintzeia". The generic name is derived from that of the type species' author. The type locality was the Fillmore Formation in Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="19292404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292404" title="João Paulo Fernandes">
João Paulo Fernandes

João Paulo dos Santos Fernandes (born August 11, 1984) is a Portuguese boccia player and three-time Paralympic champion.
Successes.
He took two gold medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, and one gold and one silver at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="19292408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292408" title="Tommy Johns">
Tommy Johns

Thomas Pearce "Tommy" Johns (September 7, 1851 – April 13, 1927) was a National Association outfielder. Johns played for Baltimore Marylands in the 1884 season. He only played in one game in his one-year career, having no hits in four at-bats. 
Johns was born and died in Baltimore, Maryland. His brother, Richard Johns, umpired 1 National Association game in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="19292416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292416" title="Cedric Charles Dickens">
Cedric Charles Dickens

Cedric David Charles Dickens (24 September 1916 – 11 February 2006) was an author and businessman, and the last surviving great-grandson of British author Charles Dickens and steward of his literary legacy.
Biography.
Cedric "Ceddy" Dickens was the son of Philip "Pip" Charles Dickens (1887–1964), a chartered accountant and the first secretary of ICI. He was the grandson of Sir Henry Fielding Dickens, the sixth of Dicken’s ten children, a Common Serjeant of London, and the nephew of Admiral Sir Gerald Charles Dickens. He attended Eton and Trinity Hall, Cambridge, graduating in Law in 1935. Following three trips to the Caribbean by banana boat, Dickens joined the British Tabulating Machine Company in 1937.
Dickens joined the RNVR on the outbreak of World War II in 1939, leaving the Royal Navy in 1946 as a First Lieutenant. While serving in Portsmouth he met his wife Elizabeth Mary Blake (1913–2008), who was serving as a WREN, and whom he married in 1948. 
After leaving the Royal Navy, Dickens returned to his old firm, which eventually became ICL, and where he became Director of Communication.
He was a lifelong supporter of the Charles Dickens Museum in Holborn. He was twice President of the Dickens Fellowship, a worldwide association of people who share an interest in the life and works of Charles Dickens, first taking that position on the death of his father in 1968, and again on his retirement in 1976, when he also founded the Dickens Pickwick Club, a society with an international membership. This he kept true to the spirit of the original in "The Pickwick Papers" by only allowing men to join, which in 2000 led to an accusation of sexism. 
In demand internationally as a guest and speaker at meetings of Dickens Fellowships and other events connected with Charles Dickens, he also worked to preserve the heritage of the George and Vulture inn in the City of London, which was frequently mentioned in "The Pickwick Papers", where Charles Dickens himself often drank, and which was threatened with demolition; and Gads Hill Place in Kent, Dicken's final home, becoming a governor of Gad's Hill School, which occupies the building today. in 2005 he appeared in the first episode of BBC Four's documentary series "Dickens in America" with Miriam Margolyes, during which he talked about what it was like growing up as a member of the Dickens family.
Dickens suffered a severe stroke following emergency surgery, and died on 11 February 2006 aged 89.

</doc>
<doc id="19292422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292422" title="Vince Griffiths">
Vince Griffiths

Vince Griffiths (29 May 1901 - 7 January 1967) was a Welsh rugby union player who represented Wales and the British Lions. Griffiths played club rugby for Newport and captained the team in the 1928/29 season.
Griffiths gained his first cap for Wales in 1924 against Scotland at Inverleith. Wales were humiliated by Scotland, but Griffiths scored a try and regained his position to be chosen to face Ireland in the next match of the Five Nations Championship. Griffiths's last game for Wales was against Ireland, but was chosen to join the British Lions 1924 tour of South Africa; he played in six games, including two tests.
International matches played.
"Wales"
"British Lions"

</doc>
<doc id="19292424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292424" title="Percy Thornton">
Percy Thornton

Percy Melville Thornton (29 December 1841 - 8 January 1918) was a British Conservative politician and author.
He was the oldest surviving son of Rear Admiral Samuel Thornton and Emily Elizabeth Rice. His grandfather was the abolitionist MP Samuel Thornton and his uncle was Henry Thornton, founder of the Clapham Sect.
Thornton attended Harrow School and Jesus College, Cambridge. His interest in athletics led to him becoming secretary of Cambridge University Athletics Club in 1863. He was also a keen cricketer, inspired by his cousin Charles Inglis Thornton. From 1871 to 1899 he was Honorary Secretary of Middlesex County Cricket Club.
In 1877 he married his second cousin, Florence Emily Thornton, daughter of the banker Henry Sykes Thornton. In 1880 he took up residence at the family home in Clapham.
Thornton rejected his family's adherence to Liberal politics and became a supporter of the Conservative party. In 1880 he began his writing career with the pamphlet "Recovered Thread of England's Foreign Policy", which espoused Conservative policies. He followed this with the three-volume "Foreign Secretaries of the Nineteenth Century" (1891), "Harrow School and its Surroundings'" (1883), "The Brunswick Ascension" (1887) and "The Stuart Dynasty" (1890).
At the general election of 1892 he was elected as MP for Clapham. He successfully defended the seat three times before retiring from parliament in 1910. Following his retirement from politics, he was elected to the position of Registrar of the Royal Literary Fund, and wrote an autobiography, "Some Things I Have Remembered" in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="19292451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292451" title="Holia">
Holia

Holia is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It contains four species, "H. cimelia", "H. glabra", "H. secristi", and "H. anacantha".

</doc>
<doc id="19292466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292466" title="USNS Sgt. George Peterson (T-AK-248)">
USNS Sgt. George Peterson (T-AK-248)

USNS "Sgt. George Peterson" (T-AK-248) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship of the United States Navy. Originally planned as USS "Washtenaw" (AK-218), the contract for building was canceled by the Navy in August 1945. The ship, however, was completed as SS "Coastal Guide". She was later acquired by the U.S. Army, 23 June 1948, and renamed USAT "Sgt. George Peterson". And, 1 March 1950 she was reacquired by the Navy and placed in service by the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) as USNS "Sgt. George Peterson" (T-AK-248). She remained with the Navy until struck in 1977.
Service career.
"Sgt. George Peterson", originally projected as "Washtenaw", but built as "Coastal Guide", was laid down under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2172) on 9 March 1945 by the Leathern D. Smith Shipbuilding Co., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin; launched on 13 May 1945; sponsored by Mrs. L. R. Sanford; and delivered to the War Shipping Administration on 16 July 1945. Subsequently operated by the United Fruit Company and the Polaris SS Co., Inc., "Coastal Guide" was transferred to the U.S. Army on 23 June 1948; renamed "Sgt. George Peterson". and operated by the Army Transportation Service.
She was transferred to the Navy in July 1950 and placed in service as USNS "Sgt. George Peterson" (T-AK-248). The cargo ship then commenced eight years of operations in the Gulf of Mexico, in the Caribbean, and along the southeastern seaboard of the United States for the Military Sea Transportation Service. During that period, she interrupted her regular service only once -- to carry supplies north to arctic stations in the summer of 1955. 
Early in 1959, the AK was ordered inactivated; and, in March, she was placed out of service at New Orleans, Louisiana. At mid-month, she was towed to Mobile, Alabama, where, on the 27th, she was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration and berthed with the National Defense Reserve Fleet. She remained in reserve at Mobile until sold for non-transportation use in December 1971.
Honors and awards.
Qualified personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19292481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292481" title="The Apple Tree (anthology)">
The Apple Tree (anthology)

The Apple Tree is a collection of short stories by Daphne du Maurier published in 1952 by Gollancz in the UK, and under the title Kiss Me Again, Stranger by Doubleday in the US. It includes "The Birds" which was made into a film of the same name by Alfred Hitchcock in 1963, the anthology was then republished under the name The Birds and Other Stories.

</doc>
<doc id="19292493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292493" title="Homalonotus">
Homalonotus

Homalonotus is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It contains several species including "H. armatus" and "H. roemeri".

</doc>
<doc id="19292517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292517" title="Vivian Beynon Harris">
Vivian Beynon Harris

Vivian (Parkes Lucas) Beynon Harris (1906–1987) was an English writer. He is mainly known as the brother of the well-known science fiction writer John Wyndham, but he did have four novels published himself. Earlier in his life he worked as an actor. After John's death, Vivian was responsible for administering his brother's literary estate, and also wrote two memoirs of his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="19292519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292519" title="Let's Go Sailing">
Let's Go Sailing

Let’s Go Sailing are an American indie band founded by Shana Levy in 2002. After several years of work, the group completed their first album in 2006 and released it nationally in 2007. In addition to releasing one studio album and touring, several songs from the album have been featured in the television show Grey’s Anatomy.
History.
Levy had previously performed with Rilo Kiley and Irving, leaving in 2002. She began recording with Tanya Haden, Nikki Monninger of the Silversun Pickups, Brent Turner, and Byron Reynolds. After four years, the band released their debut album, "The Chaos in Order".
The album was self-released at the end of 2006, and Levy formed Yardley Pop Records to release the album nationally on March 27, 2007. 
Let's Go Sailing's T-shirt (designed by Shana Levy and Tanya Haden) won the 7th Annual Independent Music Awards in the Swag category.
Let’s Go Sailing are currently working on a new record.

</doc>
<doc id="19292537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292537" title="Radio Club de Honduras">
Radio Club de Honduras

The Radio Club de Honduras (RCH) (in English, Radio Club of Honduras) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Honduras. RCH was founded on July 26, 1958, to support the scientific and technical interests of those in Honduras with an interest in radio. Key membership benefits of RCH include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries and sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests. RCH represents the interests of Honduran amateur radio operators before Honduran and international regulatory authorities. RCH is the national member society representing Honduras in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19292553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292553" title="Steve Knapman">
Steve Knapman

Steve Knapman is an Australian television producer. He has received critical acclaim in marketing the genre of police drama to an international audience. His best-known television series are with writer Kris Wyld, "Wildside", "White Collar Blue", "East West 101" and "The Strip", although he has also produced several miniseries for the public broadcasting networks ABC and SBS. "The Leaving of Liverpool" was the most popular such program of the year in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19292557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292557" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre running target">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre running target

Men's 10 metre running target was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Yang Ling won, setting two new Olympic records.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19292560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292560" title="Student Advisory Council">
Student Advisory Council

The Student Advisory Council to the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia is composed of the Student Government Presidents of the 35 public colleges and universities in the University System of Georgia (USG), organized to advise the Board of Regents, through the Chancellor, on issues that are important to students.
Membership.
Representatives on the Student Advisory Council are required to be "current and active" students within the university system. Each president of the 35 student governments are automatically appointed as representatives upon their election at their institution, yet may assign another current member of their respective association to represent their institution on their behalf. The list of current Representatives on the Student Advisory Council can be found on the Student Advisory Council's website.
The most recent list of current Representatives for the Spring 2010 semester can also be found below.
History.
On March 13, 1968, Chancellor George L. Simpson, Jr. recommended that the Board of Regents establish a University System Student Advisory Council. This council was to be composed of all the student body presidents within the University System.
The Board of Regents felt that the format of the Student Advisory Council would further enhance the student government organizations while creating responsible student leadership in the University System and so authorized its establishment.
Meetings.
The Student Advisory Council meets one or two times per semester to present committee progress and to openly discuss ongoing and new issues. Presentations are also performed to SAC by USG personnel on such matters as Legislative updates, the USG Strategic Plan, and other changes that effect the student population in the University System. Other guests and participants include the Chancellor, Regents, the "host" institution's President, and faculty/staff from the various institutions. For each meeting, the student body presidents (SAC representatives) convene at different colleges/universities throughout the state. The "host" institution is predetermined, and is featured at the specific meeting as a means to diversify awareness of the different institutions within the University System.
Committees.
The student body presidents are assigned to committees on various relevant topics pertaining to students in the University System. Such topics are:

</doc>
<doc id="19292597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292597" title="Electoral district of Helena">
Electoral district of Helena

Helena was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1983 to 1996.
Based in the outer eastern suburbs of Perth, the district was first contested at the 1983 state election. It was won by Labor candidate Gordon Hill, who was at the time member for the abolished Swan.
Hill resigned the seat in 1994, triggering a by-election that resulted in Labor losing the seat to Liberal candidate Rhonda Parker. Helena was abolished ahead of the 1996 state election and Parker successfully transferred to the new seat of Ballajura.

</doc>
<doc id="19292606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292606" title="KXTM">
KXTM

KXTM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292615" title="Frisian history">
Frisian history

Frisia has changed dramatically over time, both through floods and through a change in identity. It is part of the Nordwestblock which is a hypothetical historic region linked by language and culture.
Roman times.
The Frisii began settling in Frisia around 500 BC. According to Pliny the Younger, in Roman times, the Frisians (or, as it may be, their close neighbours, the Chauci) lived on terps, man-made hills. According to other sources, the Frisians lived along a broader expanse of the North Sea (or "Frisian Sea") coast.
Frisia at this time comprised the present provinces of Friesland and North Holland.
Frisians appear to have been among the Germanic groups who invaded Britain during the so-called Migration period ("Völkerwanderung"), as Angles and Saxons travelled from their home base through Frisian territory in what is now northern Germany and central Netherlands.
Kingdom of Frisia.
The 8th-century historian Bede also used the term 'Frisians' for Franks in the south of Frisia. East Anglian sources called the inhabitants of 'Frisia' Warnii instead of Frisians. In the 7th and 8th centuries, the Frankish chronologies mention this area as the kingdom of the Frisians. However, these were probably not the Frisians of Roman times. This kingdom comprised the coastal provinces of the Netherlands and the German North Sea coast. During this time, the Frisian language was spoken along the entire southern North Sea coast and, today, this region is sometimes referred to as Greater Frisia or "Frisia Magna". The 7th-century Frisian realm (650-734) under the kings Aldegisel and Redbad, had its centre of power in the city Utrecht. Its end came in 734 at the Battle of the Boarn, when the Frisians were defeated by the Franks, who then conquered the western part up to the Lauwers. They conquered the area east of the Lauwers in 785, when Charlemagne defeated Widukind. This "Frisia Magna" was partly occupied by Vikings in the 840s, until they were expelled between 885 and 920. It has also been suggested that the Vikings did not conquer Frisia, but settled in certain parts (such as the island of Wieringen), where they built simple forts and cooperated and traded with the native Frisians. One of their leaders was Rorik of Dorestad.
Loss of territory.
Frisians made polders in West Friesland, which became more and more separated from Friesland because of floods. The western part of Frisia became the county of Holland in 1101, after a few centuries of a diverging history than the other parts. Frisia began to identify itself as a country with free folk in the Middle Ages. The bishopric of Utrecht no longer belonged to Frisia. There were many floods in the 11th and 12th centuries, which led to the deaths of many and eventually formed the Zuider Zee. The largest flood occurred in 1322, in which many hundreds of people drowned.
Opstalboom League.
The free Frisians (actually petty noblemen) and the city of Groningen founded the Opstalboom League to counter feudalism. The league consisted of modern Friesland, Groningen, East Frisia and the German North Sea coast, and parts of the Danish North Sea coast (Schleswig). But the Opstalboom league did not consist only of Frisians, as the area of Zevenwouden and the city of Groningen were Saxon. Some Frisians lived under the rule of the counts of Holland in West Friesland. The Opstalboom League was short-lived; it collapsed after a few years because of continual internal strife.
15th century.
The 15th century saw the end of the free Frisians. The city of Groningen started to dominate Groningen. A petty nobleman in East Frisia managed to defeat the other petty noblemen and became count of East Frisia. The Archbishop of Bremen-Hamburg and the king of Denmark conquered large areas of Frisia. Only Fryslan remained for the Frisian Freedom. Fryslan was conquered in the 1490s by Duke Albert of Saxony-Meissen. Later, the giant Pier Gerlofs Donia (Grutte Pier) would fight for his country's freedom. He had many successes, but ultimately failed to secure Frisia's independence. He died a poor farmer in 1520. In 1519 already, his lieutenant Wijard Jelckama took over the command of Donia's armies. He was less successful, yet did have minor victories. When Jelckama eventually got caught in 1523, his armies were not even one third the size they were when he took over four years earlier. He was then trialed, found guilty of treason and decapitated.

</doc>
<doc id="19292623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292623" title="KXTQ">
KXTQ

KXTQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292638" title="ING Vysya Bank">
ING Vysya Bank

ING Vysya Bank (Kannada: ಐ.ಎನ್.ಜಿ ವೈಶ್ಯ ಬ್ಯಾಂಕ್ ಲಿಮಿಟೆಡ್) is a privately owned Indian multinational bank based in Bangalore, with retail, wholesale, and private banking platforms formed from the 2002 purchase of an equity stake in Vysya Bank by the Dutch ING Group. This merger marks the first between an Indian bank and a foreign bank. Prior to this transaction, Vysya Bank had a seven-year-old strategic alliance with erstwhile Belgian bank Banque Bruxelles Lambert, which was also acquired by ING Group in 1998. 
As of March 2013, ING Vysya is the seventh largest private sector bank in India with assets totaling and operating a pan-India network of over 1,000 outlets, including 527 branches, which service over two million customers. ING Group, the highest-ranking institutional shareholder, currently holds a 44% equity stake in ING Vysya Bank, followed by Aberdeen Asset Management, private equity firm ChrysCapital, Morgan Stanley, and Citigroup, respectively.
ING Vysya has been ranked the "Safest Banker" by the "New Indian Express" and among "Top 5 Most Trusted Private Sector Banks" by the "Economic Times".
History.
Early years.
Established in 1930s, Vysya Bank was formally incorporated in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka. The state of Karnataka is known as the "cradle of Indian banking" due to the region's bygone banking relationship with several European East India Companies during the 17th, 18th and 19th centuries. Seven of the country's leading banks (Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank, Corporation Bank, Vijaya Bank, Karnataka Bank, State Bank of Mysore, and ING Vysya Bank) were originally established in Karnataka. 
From the 1930s through the 1950s, Vysya Bank built its banking business organically in southern India. The bank focused on serving the Vysya community, a merchant/trading community operating across Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. In 1958, the bank was licensed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to expand its banking operations nationwide. In 1972, the RBI upgraded Vysya Bank to a national "B class" bank. 
In 1987, Vysya Bank established two independently operating subsidiaries providing equipment leasing and home mortgaging services (Vysya Bank Leasing Ltd and Vysya Bank Housing Finance Ltd, respectively). In 1994, Vysya Bank began marketing several innovative financial products to the fast-growing Indian middle-class segment (e.g. "Vysprime" and "Vysinvest" for NRIs, "Vysbuy" for consumer financing, "Vysmobile" for auto loan financing, and "Vysequity" for common equity financing).
Globalisation through Europe.
In 1995, Vysya Bank entered into a long-term strategic alliance with Belgian bank Bank Bruxelles Lambert (BBL). Following this agreement, the Vysya Bank engaged KPMC Peat Marwick for assistance in re-engineering its business processes in preparation for globalisation. In 1996, an international investment banking joint venture (JV) with MC Securities (London), an investment banking subsidiary of BBL, was formally established. 
In 1998, the ING Group acquired BBL and all its contractual and JV interests in Vysya Bank. In 1999, Vysya Bank joined the ING Group in co-marketing/distribution of life insurance products in India. Vysya Bank also acquired a 26% equity stake in the ING Asset Management Company. In 2000, Vysya Bank, ING Insurance, and the Damani Group formed a life insurance JV; this innovative collaboration marks the first bancassurance venture in India.
Formal merger with the ING Group.
In 2002, Vysya Bank's Board of Directors and the RBI approved Vysya Bank's formal merger with the ING Group. Under Indian law, this move allowed ING to increase its total equity holdings in Vysya Bank from 20% to 44%. Peter Alexander Smyth and Jacques PM Kemp were appointed to the board of the newly formed ING Vysya Bank. 
ING Vysya Bank then appointed Bart Hellemans as CEO and managing director (MD) and G. Mallikarjuna Rao as chairman of the board.
Post-merger highlights.
In 2003, Western Union, a leading global money transfer firm, tied up with ING Vysya for inbound money transfer services across India. ING Vysya then launched three new endowment products and an innovative retail savings account called "Orange" with facilities such as personal accident and free annual accident coverage. Japanese auto manufacturer Toyota then signed an agreement with ING Vysya for auto financing services. ING Vysya then inked a deal with fertilizer concern, Madras Fertiliser Ltd (MFL), to co-market/distribute life insurance products to farmers by employing the fertilizer company's broker-dealer network in the rural sector.
In 2005, ING Vysya Bank named Ned Swarup to the CEO and MD role. ING Vysya launched an innovative checking account product for mid-sized businesses. ING Vysya Bank also rolled out its own proprietary online money transfer service.
In 2006, Vaughn Richtor stepped into the CEO and MD role for a fixed three-year term. Under Mr. Richtor's leadership, ING Vysya went private and delisted from the Bangalore Stock Exchange. ING Vysya also forayed into private banking and portfolio management services.
In 2009, Shailendra Bhandari was appointed as CEO and MD of ING Vysya Bank. He was formerly the Head of Private Equity at Tata Capital, the Tata Group's private equity arm. Having completed his three-year term in India, Vaughn Richtor was promoted to CEO of ING Banking Asia.
In 2010, the Board of ING Vysya Bank nominated Mr. Arun Thiagarajan to succeed Mr. K.R. Ramamoorthy as chairman of the board. Mr. Thiagarajan was selected for his vast and diverse international experience across strategic planning, economics and finance, technology and systems.
As of January 2013, ING Group plans to divest itself of its Indian insurance and investment management businesses through the sale of its 26% interest in ING Vysya Life Insurance Company Ltd. to its joint venture partner Exide Industries Ltd.
Current operations.
ING Vysya Bank has competed in the banking/financial services and insurance markets for over 80 years and currently serves over 2 million Indian consumers. The bank markets an entire range of financial products and services, organised under three strategic lines of business: retail, private and wholesale banking.
Retail banking.
With 527 branches and 10 counters, 28 satellite offices and 470 ATM's nationwide, ING Vysya's retail operation offers checking accounts, savings deposits/CD's, retail wealth management services, consumer loans, agricultural/rural banking and retail life insurance products. The bank has rapidly expanded its distribution footprint and has created a national brand presence through several innovative marketing campaigns.
Private banking.
ING Vysya's private bank operates on an advisory-driven model. Specialized market research remains the bank's focus for the introduction of new tailored products to serve the high-end private banking segment.
Corporate/wholesale banking.
The wholesale banking business provides corporate clients in India a range of commercial, transactional and electronic banking products. The bank offers client focused products including working capital finance, trade and transactional services, foreign exchange, term loans and cash management services. The wholesale banking business comprises four business sub-segments and multiple product offerings. The business segments Corporate and Investment Banking, Emerging Corporates, Banking and Financial Institutions and financial markets.
Agriculture and rural banking.
Agriculture and Rural Banking deals with all business related to agriculture and allied activities, Gold Loans, loans to SHGs and lending to government sponsored schemes. Working Capital and Agriculture Term Loans for Poultry, Dairy, Cold storage units etc. are also being offered to cater diverse needs of the farming community. The Bank has accelerated retail agricultural lending at a few places in North India and Central India especially in Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="19292647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292647" title="Nathan Milgate">
Nathan Milgate

Nathan Milgate (born 10 May 1987) is a marksman from Herne Bay who competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="19292648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292648" title="Chris Burton (boxer)">
Chris Burton (boxer)

Chris Burton (born 27 February 1981 in Dumfries) is a British heavyweight boxer, nicknamed "High Tower" and based in Darlington, County Durham. His record stands at 14 wins, and one loss in 15 bouts.
On 12 September 2008, Burton competed in the "Prizefighter" competition in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, going into the competition as the only undefeated contestant. He defeated David Ingleby in the quarter-final and Lee Swaby in the semi-final, both by unanimous decision. In the final was defeated by Sam Sexton, after the fight was stopped 2:10 into the third and final round.

</doc>
<doc id="19292651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292651" title="Fiona Stewart">
Fiona Stewart

Fiona Stewart is the Managing Director and owner of the Green Man Festival.
Career.
Stewart is a festival producer and organiser. She owns and is a Director of Green Man Festival which is the largest music festival in Wales. The festival is located in Powys South Wales. Guardian awarded the festival 4 out of 5 stars, and 5 out of 5 stars were awarded by The Times for the production and services.
Stewart was Festival Manager of the Big Chill Festival between September 2000 — September 2006 (6 years 1 month). She developed and produced the Big Chill in the position of Festival Manager and had the responsibility of all aspects of the festival apart from music programming and increased the ticket numbers from 3,500 to 35,000 in six years.
Stewart is seen as the UK specialist in the production and development of "Boutique Festivals." 
Stewart has been involved in the entertainment, leisure and events industries for thirty years, starting out in touring and then film management and
production. She spent many years working in events management and conferencing for such Government bodies as The Foreign and Commonwealth Office and the Home Office, as well as several ‘blue-chip’ commercial clients. In recent years she has concentrated on the management and development of cutting edge, commercial indoor and outdoor events
(clubs, festivals. concerts and holidays), with various PR companies, promoters and government groups.
Stewart has acted as a Consultant to the British Council and commercial arm of the Foreign Office in the managhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Verifiabilityement of international events, and the development of British events industry interests abroad.
She has managed of an annual ten day festival on the island of Naxos in Greece, as well as organizing the tour of Morcheeba in China in 2004 and Ladytron in 2005, as well as sourcing the site for the Elton John concert in Shanghai in 2005. 
In March 2004 with the support of Visiting Arts and the British Council Fiona was invited to China to research the feasibility of
developing two international outdoor festivals, develop links and business with Chinese arts managers and promoters, analyze and report back on the suitability of venues, available production equipment and the Chinese events industry generally. During this visit she instigated the development of the first Chinese Music Industry Think Tank to support the independent popular music industry in China, which is currently being developed, with the support of Visiting Arts, the Commercial Department of the British Embassy in Beijing and the British Council.
In 2005 she undertook two more visits in Serbia and in Brazil. Her reports and evaluations were well received and circulated to the Foreign Office, the Department of Trade and Industry, British Council and Visiting Arts. In 2010 she was sent to Mombai to attend the first music conference in India called Soundbound and do an evaluation of the emerging Indian festival industry. In 2012 an Indian national from Mombai visited the UK and had a six month internship working at Green Man and their associated arts events.
She also produced a project with the National Theatre, British Film Institute and Arts Alliance titled "ID Identity of the Soul," which toured the Southbank in Palestine in 09. In 2010 she was recruited as an advisor of the Welsh Assembly Government on their Creative Industry Advisory Board. Green Man Festival also won the Best Medium Sized Festival at the UK Festival Awards at the O2 in London. In June 2012 she produced the contemporary music offer for Wales for the Cultural Olympiad London2012 Festival. The event was called Busk on the Usk and included music, theatre, arts installations, spoken word and locally sourced food. It was a free event and 6000 people attended.

</doc>
<doc id="19292694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292694" title="Liudmila Vauchok">
Liudmila Vauchok

Liudmila Vauchok (, , born June 19, 1981, Smilavichy) is Belarusian Paralympian.
She had excelled in athletics and she had won the Belarusian national titles in runs between 1500 and 5000 meters distances before she injured her spine in 2001 and was forced to use a wheelchair. She stayed involved in sports after her injury winning podium finishes in national competitions in armwrestling, athletics and dance. She dominated especially in cross country skiing.
Vauchok participated in the 2006 Winter Paralympics in Turin winning 10-kilometer skiing race and adding three bronzes.
In 2007 she finished second in the rowing world championships in Munich-Oberschleißheim in the women's single sculls Paralympic event.
Rowing was included into the 2008 Summer Paralympics program and Vauchok won silver medal in the women's single sculls event, the first ever Paralympic rowing final.

</doc>
<doc id="19292701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292701" title="José Bezerra Coutinho">
José Bezerra Coutinho

José Bezerra Coutinho (February 7, 1910 – November 7, 2008) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. At the age of 98, he was the sixth-oldest bishop in the Catholic Church and oldest Brazilian bishop. 
Coutinho was born in Capistrano, in the state of Ceará, in 1910. He was ordained a priest on December 3, 1933, then appointed auxiliary bishop of Sobral, Ceará, on August 4, 1956. Coutinho was appointed bishop of Estância, Sergipe, on January 28, 1961, retiring as bishop of Estância on June 1, 1985.
He was Titular Bishop of Uthina from October 28, 1956 to January 28, 1961.
He died in Fortaleza, Ceará, of cardiac arrest on November 7, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19292712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292712" title="Camp Havedoneit">
Camp Havedoneit

Camp Havedonit was a satellite camp of Camp Edwards. It was located in Osterville, Massachusetts.
History.
Camp Havedonit, was used by the United States Army Corps of Engineers as a landing area during World War II. It was located on the Crosby Yacht property, famous builders of the Crosby Catboat. It was paired up with Camp Washburn and Camp Candoit, which were both located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19292730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292730" title="Corregimiento">
Corregimiento

Corregimiento (; , ) is a Spanish term used for country subdivisions for administrative purposes. The "Corregimientos" were usually led by a Corregidor helped by a lieutenant.
Historical Corregimientos.
"Corregimientos" were found historically in:
Castile.
In Old Castile "Corregimientos" existed since the 13th century and were the administrative divisions of the "Junta General de las Siete Merindades de Castilla Vieja". After the Nueva Planta decrees under the rule of Philip V—the first Bourbon king of Spain, the "Corregidor" was replaced by an Intendant. "Corregimientos" in Castile existed until 1835, the year in which the municipal administration was reorganized under Queen Isabel II.
Crown of Aragon.
In the territories of Aragon, Catalonia and the Land of Valencia formerly under the ancient Crown of Aragon, the "Corregimiento" () replaced the former administrative divisions following the Nueva Planta decrees. However "Corregimientos" disappeared in this area during the French occupation being replaced by the territorial divisions of the French military rulers. Corregimientos were finally superseded following the territorial division of Spain in 1833.
Captaincy General of Guatemala.
The "corregimiento" of Totonicapán and Huehuetenango was a division under the Audiencia of Guatemala from 1547 to 1678, when it was reorganised as an "Alcaldía Mayor".
Present-day "Corregimientos".
Colombia.
The "Corregimientos" of Colombia are a smaller unit than the historical one. The word is used for the population centers that don't reach the level of municipality. They are thus under a municipality or a department.
Panama.
The "Corregimientos" of Panama are district subdivisions. They are led by the "Representante de Corregimiento", also known as "Corregidor".

</doc>
<doc id="19292741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292741" title="KZRK">
KZRK

KZRK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292745" title="Jardin botanique de Sedan">
Jardin botanique de Sedan

The Jardin botanique de Sedan is a botanical garden and city park located on Philippoteaux Avenue beside the Place d'Alsace-Lorraine, Sedan, Ardennes, Champagne-Ardenne, France. It is open daily without charge.
The garden was established in 1875 upon the demolition of the Bourbon bastion, with its plan drawn up by René Richer. A statue of Paul et Virginie beneath an umbrella, battered in the cyclone of 1905, still graces the garden. Today it contains mature trees (beech, maple, chestnut), magnolias, a rose garden with more than 50 varieties, a collection of hydrangeas, a bandstand, and a pool with fish, swans, and ducks.

</doc>
<doc id="19292754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292754" title="Hypodicranotus">
Hypodicranotus

Hypodicranotus is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Asaphida. It contains one species, "H. striatulus".

</doc>
<doc id="19292763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292763" title="Ji Peiding">
Ji Peiding

Ji Peiding is a Chinese diplomat and a member of the Commission for Africa. He is considered to be an expert on African affairs and has spent much of his career in positions in Nigeria and Zimbabwe and well as holding the position of Chinese Ambassador to Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="19292783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292783" title="Laekvere Parish">
Laekvere Parish

Laekvere Parish () is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Lääne-Viru County. It has a population of 1837 (2006) and an area of 352.42 km².
Populated places.
Laekvere Parish has 1 small borough and 18 villages.
Small borough.
Laekvere
Villages.
Alekvere (26), Arukse (27), Ilistvere (5), Kaasiksaare (37), Kellavere (8), Luusika (0), Moora (141), Muuga (276), Paasvere (209), Padu (49), Rahkla (172), Rajaküla (78), Rohu (68), Salutaguse (29), Sirevere (22), Sootaguse (2), Vassivere (36), Venevere (169).

</doc>
<doc id="19292789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292789" title="Ibexaspis">
Ibexaspis

Ibexaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Pliomeridae), that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now the United States. It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985, and the type species is "Ibexaspis quattuor", which was originally described under the genus "Protopliomerops" as the subspecies "P. quattuor brevis" by Young in 1973. The type locality was the Fillmore Formation in Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="19292798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292798" title="Smith Peak">
Smith Peak

Smith Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292811" title="You Made Me">
You Made Me

You Made Me is the first solo album by Buckcherry frontman Josh Todd.
Charts and certifications.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19292818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292818" title="Administrative divisions of Costa Rica">
Administrative divisions of Costa Rica

Costa Rica is divided into:
All entities are numbered, the provinces get 1 digit, the cantons 3 digit with the first being the number of the province, the districts get 5 digits with the first 3 being the numbers of the canton.
The district numbers are also used as postal codes.

</doc>
<doc id="19292825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292825" title="Ammann–Beenker tiling">
Ammann–Beenker tiling

In geometry, an Ammann–Beenker tiling is a nonperiodic tiling which can be generated either by an aperiodic set of prototiles as done by Robert Ammann in the 1970s, or by the cut-and-project method as done independently by F. P. M. Beenker.
Because all tilings obtained with the tiles are non-periodic, Ammann–Beenker tilings are considered aperiodic tilings. They are one of the five sets of tilings discovered by Ammann and described in "Tilings and Patterns".
The Ammann–Beenker tilings have many properties similar to the more famous Penrose tilings, most notably:
Various methods to describe the tilings have been proposed: matching rules, substitutions, cut and project schemes and coverings. In 1987 Wang, Chen and Kuo announced the discovery of a quasicrystal with octagonal symmetry.
Description of the tiles.
The most common choice of tileset to produce the Ammann–Beenker tilings includes a rhombus with 45- and 135-degree angles (these rhombi are shown in blue in the diagram at the top of the page) and a square (shown in white in the diagram above). The square may alternatively be divided into a pair of isosceles right triangles. (This is also done in the above diagram.) The matching rules or substitution relations for the square/triangle do not respect all of its symmetries, however.
In fact, the matching rules for the tiles do not even respect the reflectional symmetries preserved by the substitution rules.
An alternate set of tiles, also discovered by Ammann, and labelled "Ammann 4" in Grünbaum and Shephard, consists of two nonconvex right-angle-edged pieces. One consists of two squares overlapping on a smaller square, while the other consists of a large square attached to a smaller square. The diagrams below show the pieces and a portion of the tilings.
In addition to the edge arrows in the usual tileset, the matching rules for both tilesets can be expressed by drawing pieces of large arrows at the vertices, and requiring them to piece together into full arrows.
Katz has studied the additional tilings allowed by dropping the vertex constraints and imposing only the requirement that the edge arrows match. Since this requirement is itself preserved by the substitution rules, any new tiling has an infinite sequence of "enlarged" copies obtained by successive applications of the substitution rule. Each tiling in the sequence is indistinguishable from a true Ammann–Beenker tiling on a successively larger scale. Since some of these tilings are periodic, it follows that no decoration of the tiles which does force aperiodicity can be determined by looking at any finite patch of the tiling. The orientation of the vertex arrows which force aperiodicity, then, can only be deduced from the entire infinite tiling.
The tiling has also an extremal property : among the tilings whose rhombuses "alternate" (that is, whenever two rhombuses are adjacent or separated by a row of square, they appear in different orientations), the proportion of squares is found to be minimal in the Ammann-Beenker tilings.
Pell and silver ratio features.
The Ammann–Beenker tilings are closely related to the silver ratio (formula_1) and the Pell numbers.
Cut-and-project construction.
The hypercubic lattice has an eightfold rotational symmetry, corresponding to an eightfold rotational symmetry of the hypercube. A rotation matrix representing this symmetry is:
Transforming this matrix to the new coordinates given by 
This third matrix then corresponds to a rotation both by 45° (in the first two dimensions) and by 135° (in the last two). We can then obtain an Ammann–Beenker tiling by projecting a slab of hypercubes along either the first two or the last two of the new coordinates.
Alternatively, an Ammann–Beenker tiling can be obtained by drawing rhombs and squares around the intersection points of pair of equal-scale square lattices overlaid at a 45-degree angle. These two techniques were developed by Beenker in his paper.

</doc>
<doc id="19292826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292826" title="Illaenula">
Illaenula

Illaenula is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Phacopidae), that existed during the middle Devonian in what is now the Czech Republic. It was described by Chlupac in 1977, and the type species is "Illaenula illaenoides", which was originally described under the genus "Ductina". The type locality was the Stínava-Chabicov Formation, in Moravia.

</doc>
<doc id="19292836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292836" title="2001–02 Football League Cup">
2001–02 Football League Cup

The 2001–02 Football League Cup (known as the Worthington Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the 42nd season of the Football League Cup, a knockout competition for England's top 92 football clubs. The competition name reflects a sponsorship deal with lager brand Worthington.
The competition began on 20 August 2001, and ended with the final on 26 February 2002 at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff as reconstruction work had just commenced at Wembley Stadium.
The tournament was won by Blackburn Rovers, who beat Tottenham Hotspur 2–1 in the final, thanks to single strikes from Matt Jansen and Andy Cole, sandwiched by an equaliser from Christian Ziege. Blackburn had only just returned to the Premier League at the beginning of the season after relegation several years earlier.
First round.
The 70 First, Second and Third Division clubs compete from the First Round, except Manchester City and Coventry. Each section is divided equally into a pot of seeded clubs and a pot of unseeded clubs. Clubs' rankings depend upon their finishing position in the 2000–01 season.
Second round.
The 35 winners from the First Round joined the 13 Premier League, clubs not participating in European competition in the Second Round, plus Manchester City and Coventry (who received byes for their league position the previous season). Matches were played on 10–13 September.
Third round.
The 25 winners from the Second Round joined the seven Premiership clubs participating in European competition in the Third Round. Matches were played on 8–10 October.
Fourth round.
The matches were played on 27–29 November.
Fifth round.
The four matches were played on 11–12 and 19 December.
Semi-finals.
The semi-final draw was made in December 2001 after the conclusion of the quarter finals. Unlike the other rounds, the semi-final ties were played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The ties were played in the weeks beginning 7 and 21 January 2002.
Second leg.
"Blackburn Rovers won 6-3 on aggregate."
"Tottenham won 6–3 on aggregate
Final.
The 2002 Worthington Cup Final was played on 24 February 2002 and was contested between Premier League teams Tottenham Hotspur and Blackburn Rovers at the Millennium Stadium, Cardiff. Blackburn won the game 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="19292858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292858" title="Isalaux">
Isalaux

Isalaux is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Pterygometopidae), that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the United States. It was described by Frederickson and Pollack in 1952, and the type species is "Isalaux canonensis". The type locality was the Harding Formation in Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="19292879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292879" title="Billie Lawless">
Billie Lawless

Billie Lawless (born July 16, 1950) is an American sculptor.
Biography.
Lawless was born in Boston, Massachusetts and grew up in Buffalo, New York. His interest in art was fostered by the presence of the Albright-Knox Art Gallery nearby, and a by sculptor Larry Griffis, who was a friend of the family. Lawless was a rower and in 1967 he stroked the first Senior Heavyweight crew to win the American and Canadian Schoolboy National Championships (Canadian Secondary School Rowing Association) in the same year. In his senior year of high school he represented the USA at the World Rowing Championships held in the Netherlands, competing in the straight four. Rowing has remained a constant in his life through college as a coach at the West Side Rowing Club.
He attended Rutgers College, New Brunswick, New Jersey from 1968 to 1970 and from 1972 to 1974 when he graduated with a BFA degree. At Rutgers College Lawless studied with Bob Cook, Livingston College and Mel Edwards at Rutgers.
Between the years of 1970 and 1972 Lawless actively fought against the war in Vietnam. He was involved in litigation with his local draft board. Board officials arbitrarily removed his student status and made him available to the draft, so he claimed conscientious objector status. Lawless litigated and won a decision in New York State Supreme Court.
After his student status was restored he enrolled at the University of Notre Dame, South Bend, Indiana and studied with Kostantin Milonadis, a Distinguished Professor and Artist-in-Residence at the university. Lawless committed himself to working with steel and the idea of combining it with as many different materials as possible (in particular at that time, stained glass).
From 1980 to 1982 Lawless attended SUNY at Buffalo studying with Duayne Hatchett and George Smith. In June 1982 he received his MFA degree from SUNYAB. Unrelated to the pursuit of his graduate degree Lawless built and installed "Cock-a-doodle-doo" at the State University College of Buffalo (Buffalo State College) directly across the street from the Albright-Knox Art Gallery with a dedication in May 1982.
In 1984 Lawless created the sculpture titled Green Lightning which was placed in the Midtown Corridor of Buffalo, New York.
The installation created controversy since part of the imagery employed neon lighting and was visible only after dark.
Some city officials found the work to be offensive, and Mayor James D. Griffin ordered it removed on 20 November, 5 days later. The Mayor hired a salvage company to cut it apart at night, but before the demolition was complete, Supreme Court Justice Vincent Doyle issued an injunction halting the demolition.
In 1994 Lawless married Svetlana Schreiber, an immigration attorney, in Cleveland, Ohio and originally of Sighetu Marmaţiei, Romania. He has two stepsons who reside in New York City.
Works.
Green Lightning.
Green Lightning was originally conceived as a project at Artpark, Lewiston, New York for the 1983 season. It was subsequently erected in Buffalo, New York in 1984 and heavily damaged a week after its unveiling by the City of Buffalo and City of Buffalo Arts Commission (Director, David More.) Its total destruction was prevented when Lawless obtained a court order halting the destruction which was begun by the City under the cloak of darkness well after the Courts had closed. Lawless was one of eight artists accepted to exhibit at Sculpture Chicago '85 in the Spring of 1985. The jurors, Howard Fox of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Mary Jane Jacobs of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, IL and John Chandler, Director of Supervision, Art Consultancy and Management, Boston, MA, selected Lawless' Green Lightning which was subsequently installed at Harrison and Wells Streets in the South Loop. It stood for five years with no controversy.
In 1992 a jury in the New York State Supreme Court ruled that the Mayor of the City of Buffalo and the City of Buffalo Urban Renewal Agency had violated Lawless' civil rights with its unauthorized actions in 1984. In the Spring of 1993 Green Lightning was accepted into an exhibition to be held at the Manhattan Psychiatric Center in New York, New York. The exhibition was sponsored by the Association of Independent Artists and curated by John Rosis and Glenn Reed (See prospectus for this exhibition). When the Director of the Center (Michael Ford) voiced his objections to the sculpture both curators (artists living in New York City) attempted to pressure Lawless into submitting another piece. Lawless refused and the American Civil Liberties Union initiated litigation.
Justice Ira Gammerman of the New York State Supreme Court ruled that the Manhattan Psychiatric Center did have to exhibit the piece but that it was not required to give Lawless the site which he had requested. The Center offered a piece of land which was not large enough to hold the sculpture which effectively precluded Lawless from exhibiting the piece.
No artists from the exhibition voiced any support for Lawless.
Didy Wah Didy.
Didy Wah Didy is named for the last stop on a mythical railroad bound for hell (Black Southern American folklore.) With simple imagery and few words the piece is a timed neon sequence that shows a mushroom cloud forming (animated) over a boy's head. With the words "Atomic Playground Ahead" and "Kids Ride the Big One!" it is a piercing send-up of typical American roadside attractions. In three of the four corners, constantly flashing are the words "chills," "spills" and "thrills." When the "kid", who starts out smiling, then becomes alarmed, is finally "nuked," "death" with an alternating skull and crossbones flashes in the lower right hand corner. The three flashing words are surrounded by the icons common in Lawless' work, thunderbolts, dollar signs and stars. The display takes about 60 seconds to complete its sequence.
The Politician A Toy.
The Politician A Toy is a Lawless sculpture, created under the fiscal umbrella of The Cleveland Public Theater which is located at 6345 Detroit Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio. The sculpture was funded by some 150 corporations of local and national origin. For many years, the sculpture was located close to downtown at the corner of Chester Avenue and E. 66th Street on a site provided by Roy Kuhn and the Kinco-Balin Corporation. The sculpture stands over forty feet tall and is enclosed with a wrought iron fence forty feet by fifty feet.The sculpture is composed of twenty tons of steel (plate, channels and I-beams), two tons of polypropylene rope (the tail), fiber glass (the bowties), a ton of cedar (the handle), assorted bearings (for the wheels and mouth mechanism,) television sets (the eyes,) industrial epoxy paints and the various electrical components which power the piece. The sculpture is set on four concrete foundations and surrounded by a wrought iron fence five feet tall. The top of the fence is lined with double entrendres of political cliches. The Mayor of Cleveland, Michael R. White, opposed the erection of the sculpture for purely aesthetic reasons ("I 've seen it and I don't like it..." The Plain Dealer, Feb. 19, 1994.) This opposition created difficulty in obtaining the required building permits from the City's Building Department. Ultimately the threat of a Federal lawsuit persuaded City officials to process Lawless' building permits. The sculpture stood on private land for the last thirteen years and was privately funded. Currently, the work resides near the Nance School of Business at Cleveland State University, 18th Street and Chester Avenue in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.
$...I Know It When I See It...$ (Uncensored Einstein to Uncensored Bork).
Armed with inspiration in the form of Walter Kendrick's "The Secret Museum" and Walker Percy's "The Message in the Bottle", books dealing with the history of pornography, its suppression, and the nature of language and man, Lawless created a multimedia installation at SPACES (Cleveland, Ohio), a key work in the Uncensored exhibit in 1987. Although smaller than "Green Lightning" this work confronted many of the same issues, resurrected the offending "images", and incorporated video technology.
From the title down to the sources for the video clips, Lawless rips political statements out of their contexts and illuminates them with biting irony. Judge Potter Stewart's infamous inadequate definition of pornography forms the title. Passages from the 1986 Meese Report lifted verbatim from banned films and books were used—titillating material, considering it is a government document. A Mozart string quartet and quotes from Einstein and Susan Sontag were also included on scrolling text. Lawless juxtaposes the "safest, most conservative music—that of Mozart—with scenes from The Devil and Miss Jones, and comments on the frequent censorship in art as compared to music and science.
Framing the video monitors was a wall of manufactured political posters slapped up repetitively with graffiti, and superimposed on what was a timed sequence of the same neon penis figure stepping up to a podium to direct the proceedings. Although much of the work is tongue-in-cheek, it addresses the issue of censorship, tries to define the weird line between pornography and art, and wrestles with the urge for communication under government suppression.
"Ms. Sparks is a writer and poet, living in Cleveland, Ohio."
Broasted Babies Brew-ha-ha.
Broasted Babies Brew Ha Ha - was first shown at SPACES in Cleveland, Ohio in March 1989. It was exhibited again at CAGE in Cincinnati Ohio in the Fall of 1992.
It is a full gallery installation that involved repainting the walls of the gallery a bright pink and which were then layered with stencils, enlarged photocopied recipes with alterations by Lawless, and
tri-fold silkscreened plastic panels that had animated swinging babies. On the floor Lawless laid out enlarged images from original photographs of the My Lai massacre in Vietnam. These photographs were purchased from the National Archives which included full usage of the copyright. Between and on top of these photographs were laid
icons that incorporated images repeatedly used by Lawless in his work set in decorated rat traps.
Between the photographs and leading toward the center of the installation (a broken crucifix on a funeral pyre) were spermlike images composed of yellow paint pigment. Following these images toward the center were multicolored, silkscreened, folded rats that started amassed from one wall in a corner of the gallery.
The broken crucifix approximately 8' wide and 10' long and 2' high and composed of sheet metal rested on a funeral pyre of ascending railroad ties.
Inside this crucifix in each corner was a small television set which had a looping video that dealt with a carefully chosen metaphor referring to genocide. The cover of this crucifix was 1/4" Lexan, painted with images of babies in severed sections. Crisscrossed and also inside were the words BROASTED and BABIES in a light blue neon.
According to Lawless this installation dealt with the subject of 2000 years of genocide as perfected by mankind.
Cock-a-doodle-doo.
Cock-a-doodle-doo is located at SUNY College at Buffalo, across from the Albright-Knox Art Gallery in Buffalo, New York. The sculpture stands 26' High and is 23' wide and 19' deep. The sculpture is composed of steel plate that has been heat treated, sandblasted and finished with epoxy paints. This piece is one of a series of six pieces created by Lawless that deal with a subtle shift of planes, intersections and juxtapositions, formalist in nature, and were the last of his abstract work.
Other Abstract Work.
Other works in the abstract sculpture series include:

</doc>
<doc id="19292886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292886" title="Johnny Anders">
Johnny Anders

John Earl Anders, Jr., known as Johnny Anders (born July 14, 1950), is an automobile body shop owner who engages in the unusual hobby of metal artwork and also serves as the mayor of Stamford in northern Jones County in West Texas. Stamford is north of Abilene and straddles the boundary with Haskell County to the north. Anders was also a member of the Stamford City Council from 1997 until his election as mayor in the spring of 2005.
Anders was elected in 2005, when the incumbent, Oscar Armstrong, did not seek another term. On May 12, 2007, Anders was reelected to a second two-year term, having defeated opponent Gwen Baker, 336-127. Texas municipal elections are nonpartisan, and Anders considers himself an Independent. However, in 2006, he endorsed the Republican Jim Landtroop of Plainview in Hale County, who fell short in a highly publicized bid to succeed the retiring Democrat Pete Laney, a former Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives. Landtroop rebounded to win the seat handily in the November 2, 2010, general election.
As mayor, Anders in 2006 embraced the "Reclaiming Stamford" project, which seeks to rid the community of dilapidated homes, vacant businesses, and overgrown lots. Anders cleaned up his own property, Anders Paint and Body Shop, and then participated in the removal of litter and debris throughout the city. Reclaiming Stamford is the idea of former city councilman Gary Decker and his wife, Connie. The program gets citizens involved in working together to clean up the city. It has been adopted in Breckenridge in Stephens County, Seymour in Baylor County, and Anson, the seat of Jones County.
Mayor Anders successfully pushed for the appointment of the Stamford police chief, instead of the past practice of election. The appointed chief has issued in a year more than $60,000 worth of fines, instead of the fewer than $1,500 by the past elected chief. Anders said that Stamford had too much drug abuse and other infractions, and the appointed chief has been essential to bringing the crime rate under control.
Anders' paternal grandfather came to Stamford in a covered wagon in 1928 and went into the automobile business in 1932. Anders took over the family business on the death of his father, John Anders, Sr. (1932–1994). Anders is a native and lifelong Stamford resident who lives no more than a hundred yards from his birthplace. His mother is the former Bonnie Franklin (born ca. 1934) of Odessa, the seat of Ector County in West Texas. Anders dropped out of Stamford High School without graduating with his Class of 1968 but later procured a GED diploma and has taken some college courses in law enforcement. In 1998, Anders married the former Cindy Albus (born 1957). He has a son from a previous marriage, John William Anders (born 1970) of Breckenridge, and two stepdaughters, Tammy Lindley of Abilene and Kathryn McKeever. Anders and family are members of St Johns Methodist Church in Stamford.
Anders received statewide recognition in 2007 when he was the focus of a segment of Bob Phillips' syndicated television series, "Texas Country Reporter". Anders, as an avocation, makes model dinosaurs and other unusual items from scrap metal and leftover car parts available at his body shop. His dinosaur exhibit was based on the idea that some large automobiles in the 1960s and 1970s were called "dinosaurs" because of their size and use of large amounts of fuel. One of his dinosaur exhibits is in Harmon Park in Stamford; the other, 22 feet tall, which took two years to construct, is located at Anders' body shop.

</doc>
<doc id="19292888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292888" title="Josephulus">
Josephulus

Josephulus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Pliomeridae) that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Sweden. It was described by Warburg in 1925, and the type species is "Josephulus gracilis". The type locality was the Upper Leptaena Limestone.

</doc>
<doc id="19292889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292889" title="Penonomé District">
Penonomé District

Penonomé District is a district ("distrito") of Coclé Province in Panama. The population according to the 2000 census was 72,448. The district covers a total area of 1700 km². The capital lies at the city of Penonomé.
Administrative divisions.
The district is divided administratively into the following "corregimientos":
Penonomé (capital), Cañaveral, Coclé, Chiguirí Arriba, El Coco, Pajonal, Río Grande, Río Indio, Toabré and Tulú.

</doc>
<doc id="19292906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292906" title="Federacion de Radioaficionados de Cuba">
Federacion de Radioaficionados de Cuba

The Federacion de Radioaficionados de Cuba (FRC) (n English, Cuban Amateur Radio Federation) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Cuba. The FRC claims that 98% of all Cuban amateur radio operators belong to the organization. These members are organized in 180 local amateur radio clubs that are affiliated with the Federacion de Radioaficionados de Cuba. Key membership benefits of FRC include a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries and sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests. FRC acts as a liaison between Cuban amateur radio operators and Cuban regulatory authorities. FRC is the national member society representing Cuba in the International Amateur Radio Union. 

</doc>
<doc id="19292914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292914" title="Joseph Carpenter">
Joseph Carpenter

Joseph Carpenter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292923" title="Kailia">
Kailia

Kailia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Encrinuridae) that existed during the lower Silurian in what is now China. It was described by W. Zhang in 1974, and the type species is "Kailia quadrisulcata". The type locality was the Xiushan Formation in Sichuan.

</doc>
<doc id="19292957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292957" title="Mopsus (disambiguation)">
Mopsus (disambiguation)

Mopsus was the name of two famous seers in Greek mythology.
Mopsus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292985" title="Corregimientos of Panama">
Corregimientos of Panama

In Panama a corregimiento is a subdivision of a district.
See

</doc>
<doc id="19292987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292987" title="WBFT">
WBFT

WBFT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19292997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19292997" title="Kanoshia">
Kanoshia

Kanoshia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Pliomeridae), that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now Utah, USA. It was described by Harrington in 1957, and the type species is "Kanoshia kanoshensis", which was originally described under the genus "Pseudomera" by Hintze in 1953. It also contains the species "K. depressus" and "K. reticulata". The generic name is derived from the type species' epithet, which in turn is derived from the name of the type locality, the Kanosh Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19293008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293008" title="Sergey Teslya">
Sergey Teslya

Sergey Teslya is a Russian violinist, born in Novosibirsk.
A former member of Vladimir Spivakov's chamber orchestra Moscow Virtuosi, Teslya settled in Spain in 1990. He has held the concertmaster chair at the Real Orquesta Sinfónica de Sevilla (1994–2002) -for which he created a chamber orchestra- and the Orquesta Nacional de España (2002– ), and has performed as a soloist in several Spanish concert halls.

</doc>
<doc id="19293009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293009" title="San Francisco District">
San Francisco District

San Francisco District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19293042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293042" title="Ryecroft">
Ryecroft

Ryecroft may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19293046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293046" title="San Francisco District, Panama">
San Francisco District, Panama

San Francisco District is a district in Veraguas Province, Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="19293047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293047" title="Portland Monthly">
Portland Monthly

Portland Monthly (also referred to as Portland Monthly Magazine) is a monthly news and general interest magazine covering events and culture in Portland, Oregon.
The magazine was co-founded in 2003 by siblings Nicole and Scott Vogel. Nicole had previously worked for Cendant Corporation and Time Warner, and Scott had been a journalist at "The New York Times". The magazine's current editor is Randy Gragg. 
The "Portland Monthly" has received generally positive reception in other new publications, including a mixed review of the magazine's first issue in "The Columbian", and subsequent positive reviews in "The Oregonian" and "The Seattle Times". Rachel Dresbeck wrote favorably of the magazine in her 2007 book "Insiders' Guide to Portland, Oregon". Though the magazine had some trouble with funding in its first year, it grew to a stable circulation of 56,000 and by 2006 was the seventh-largest city magazine in the United States.
History.
First year.
The magazine was co-founded in 2003 by Nicole Vogel and her brother journalist Scott Vogel, and began as a glossy magazine with a focus on the lifestyle of Portland. Nicole Vogel had previously been a vice president at Cendant Corporation, and had worked at Time Warner for five years and was a vice president at CNN. Scott Vogel had previously worked as a journalist for "The New York Times". The niche market focus of the magazine was for "25- to 65-year-olds with household incomes of at least $100,000". Nicole Vogel used "Texas Monthly" as one of her models for the magazine, which she had read growing up in Texas. Planning and research for the magazine included conducting 200 interviews with residents of Portland, in addition to raising US$40,000 from angel investors.
Nicole Vogel had previously sought out seed capital from investors at the Oregon Entrepreneurs Forum in February 2003, and in total raised less than $1 million from investors. One of the first investors in "Portland Monthly" was the "Women’s Investors Network", a Portland-based group of women-investors which is part of the Oregon Entrepreneurs' Foundation. A formal gathering was held on September 27, 2003 at the Portland Armory to celebrate the launch of the magazine, and the magazine debuted September 29, 2003. The first issue was 104 pages, and due to initial funding issues the magazine appeared bimonthly for the first year. 40,000 copies were produced for the first issue. The first issue was dedicated to the theme: "Why We Love This Town". The magazine was profitable in its first year and brought in $1 million in revenue.
2004 - present.
Scott Vogel served as the magazine's first editor-in-chief, and left "Portland Monthly" in late 2004 to join "The Washington Post". Russ Rymer served as the magazine's editor after Scott Vogel left, but he left in February 2005 to become editor of "Mother Jones". After Rymer the magazine went to "employment contracts" for editors. Journalist Louise Lague became the next editor-in-chief of the magazine on April 11, 2005. In 2005 the magazine maintained a staff of 22 in addition to hiring freelancers. In August 2005 the "Portland Monthly" purchased a local magazine related to weddings, the "Portland Bride and Groom", which was founded in 2001. "Portland Monthly"'s style editor Jill Spitznass became the editor of the "Portland Bride and Groom". Ted Katauskas, who had formerly worked as a Portland-based freelance journalist and now edits two Colorado mountain town magazines owned by Portland Monthly's parent company, was promoted to the magazine's editor-in-chief in August 2005. Katauskas was the fifth employee of the company.
Circulation of the "Portland Monthly" in 2005 numbered 56,000, and in 2006 paid circulation was 56,000 with an additional 18,000 to 22,000 sold on newsstands. In February 2006 the magazine was the seventh-largest city magazine in the United States. The magazine has reported on the effects of methamphetamine abuse in Oregon, and Enron's usage of the electric utility in Portland. The magazine maintains a website at www.portlandmonthlymag.com, and includes the first few paragraphs of selected articles on the site. In 2008, Ted Katauskas servesd as editor of the magazine.
Reception.
Writing for "The Columbian", Angela Allen commented that the first issue of the magazine "shows attitude and literary writing, tosses off lots of names, does a terrific fall culture calendar and digs into a couple of issues, including the Trail Blazers", but was also critical, noting: "Its design is crowded and the type is too small to read for most of us without wearing a pair of 'reader' specs." Tom Boyer of "The Seattle Times" described the magazine as "a smart mix of reader-friendly features and award-winning journalism". Writing in "The Oregonian", Steve Duin commented that he appreciated the lists published in the magazine: "Because I'm addicted to lists -- and the bigger the better -- the best part of my month is the morning that copy of Portland Monthly lands like a wounded halibut on my desk."
The magazine won three awards in the City and Regional Magazine Association's 20th Annual National City and Regional Magazine Awards in 2005, receiving recognition in Civic Journalism, Excellence in Writing and General Excellence. The magazine was one of three companies nominated by the Oregon Entrepreneurs Forum as a finalist for Working Capital Stage Company of the Year. In 2006 "Portland Monthly" was a finalist for "Best Overall Design" of a consumer magazine, in the Folio: Gold Ozzie Awards. In her 2007 book "Insiders' Guide to Portland, Oregon", author Rachel Dresbeck wrote that the magazine "maintains an excellent calendar" of events going on in the city. In July 2007 Nicole Vogel was a finalist among nominees for an individual entrepreneurship award from the Oregon Entrepreneurs Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19293048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293048" title="Crataegus ancisa">
Crataegus ancisa

Crataegus ancisa, the Mississippi Hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn that grows as a shrub or tree, and is endemic to the Southern United States, in North America.
Distribution.
"Crataegus ancisa" is found in Mississippi and Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="19293054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293054" title="Crataegus aemula">
Crataegus aemula

Crataegus aemula, the Rome Hawthorn, is a poorly known species of hawthorn that might be allied with series "Silvicolae". It is endemic to the Southern United States, in North America. 
Distribution.
"Crataegus aemula" is found, as a shrub or tree, in Mississippi and Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19293056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293056" title="Crataegus altaica">
Crataegus altaica

Crataegus altaica is a species of hawthorn. It is considered
to be a synonym of "C. wattiana". "Crataegus altaica" var. "villosa" is considered to be a synonym of "Crataegus maximowiczii".

</doc>
<doc id="19293060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293060" title="Crataegus ambigua">
Crataegus ambigua

Crataegus ambigua is a species of thorn (hawthorn) native to Western Asia and Eastern Europe, including Armenia, Iran, Russia, and Turkey. It grows as a shrub or tree up to about 12 m in height. The fruit is dark red to purple or black, with one or two stones (pyrenes).
"Crataegus ambigua" is closely related to "Crataegus songarica", a species that has black fruit.
References and external links.
USDA Plants Profile

</doc>
<doc id="19293063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293063" title="Crataegus ambitiosa">
Crataegus ambitiosa

Crataegus ambitiosa, the Grand Rapids Hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn endemic to Michigan, in the Great Lakes region of North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19293070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293070" title="Andrei Krivov">
Andrei Krivov

Andrei Vladimirovich Krivov (; born 24 September 1976 in Morshansk, Tambov Oblast) is a Russian professional football functionary and a former defensive midfielder who played for FC Rotor Volgograd in Russia and Gaziantepspor in the Turkish Süper Lig.
He currently works as a general director of FC Rotor Volgograd.

</doc>
<doc id="19293074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293074" title="Crataegus anamesa">
Crataegus anamesa

Crataegus anamesa, the Fort Bend Hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn that is endemic to Texas, in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19293076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293076" title="Crataegus annosa">
Crataegus annosa

Crataegus annosa is a poorly known species of hawthorn that is endemic to Alabama, and first recorded from Russell County there, in the Southern United States of North America.
Taxonomy.
In some respects it resembles "Crataegus" series "Apricae", while in other respects it resembles series "Lacrimatae".

</doc>
<doc id="19293077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293077" title="Les Épines de Lespinet">
Les Épines de Lespinet

Les Épines de Lespinet (2500 m²) is a private botanical garden specializing in cactus and succulents. It is located at 38, Les Hauts de Lespinet, Foix, Ariège, Midi-Pyrénées, France, and open by guided tours; an admission fee is charged.
The garden is intended to recreate a semi-desert American landscape amid banana, citrus, and Mediterranean vegetation. It contains nearly 400 taxa of cacti and succulents, primarily Agave, Opuntia, and Yucca, as well as Nolina and a collection of palm trees from temperate and subtropical regions.

</doc>
<doc id="19293081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293081" title="Crataegus apiifolia">
Crataegus apiifolia

Crataegus apiifolia is a name sometimes used for some species of hawthorns. In 1793 Medikus published the name "C. apiifolia" for a European hawthorn (now included in "C. monogyna"), but the name is illegitimate under the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature. In 1803 Michaux published the same name for an American species, but that name is also illegitimate, see "C. marshallii".

</doc>
<doc id="19293084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293084" title="Crataegus apiomorpha">
Crataegus apiomorpha

Crataegus apiomorpha is a species of hawthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19293086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293086" title="Crataegus aprica">
Crataegus aprica

Crataegus aprica is a species of hawthorn native to the southeastern United States. It is a bush with small leaves and fruit that go through an apricot-coloured stage before becoming red.

</doc>
<doc id="19293087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293087" title="Crataegus arborea">
Crataegus arborea

Crataegus arborea, the Montgomery hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn of a shrub or tree size, native to the eastern United States in North America. 
Distribution.
"Crataegus arborea" is found in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Indiana, Missouri, Ohio, Tennessee, and West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19293088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293088" title="Crataegus arcana">
Crataegus arcana

Crataegus arcana, the Carolina Hawthorn, is a poorly known species of hawthorn that grows as a shrub or tree and is endemic to the eastern United States in North America. It is thought to be allied with series "Pruinosae".
Distribution.
"Crataegus arcana" is found in Michigan, New York, North Carolina, and West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19293100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293100" title="Jason Bunyan">
Jason Bunyan

Jason Michael Bunyan (born 9 March 1979 in Milton Keynes) is a former England under-21 international speedway rider, who rides for the Rye House Rockets in the British Premier League.
Racing career.
Bunyan competed in the New Zealand Championships during 2004, 2005 and 2006 and won each event He missed winning in 2007 but came back to win the 2008, 2009 and 2010 NZ titles giving him the second most wins behind Larry Ross who finished his career with nine. In 2007 he captained the Isle of Wight Islanders to the Premier League Fours Championship and partnered Chris Holder to the Premier League Pairs title.
For 2011 Bunyan signed with the Plymouth Devils, moving to Rye House Rockets in 2012.
Personal life.
Outside of speedway, Bunyan enjoys snowboarding and spends the winter in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19293109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293109" title="Crataegus arnoldiana">
Crataegus arnoldiana

Crataegus arnoldiana is a hawthorn. It is one of the hybrid forms known as "C. "×"anomala", the name used for all hybrids between "C. intricata" and "C. mollis".

</doc>
<doc id="19293113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293113" title="Crataegus ater">
Crataegus ater

Crataegus ater, known as the Nashville Hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn that grows as a shrub or tree, native to the Great Lakes region of North America.
Distribution.
The native range of "Crataegus ater" includes Michigan, Ohio in the U.S., and Ontario in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19293115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293115" title="Giffard">
Giffard

Giffard is an Anglo-Norman surname, carried by a number of families of the Peerage of the United Kingdom and the landed gentry. They included the Earls of Halsbury and the Giffards of Chillington Hall, Staffordshire. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19293116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293116" title="Fredrik Sträng">
Fredrik Sträng

Fredrik Sträng, (born March 25, 1977) is a Swedish mountain climber, adventurer and documentary film maker.
Sträng was born in Laxå in Örebro County and learned to climb in the Kilsbergen mountains. He currently lives in Solna.
Mountain climbing.
In 2003 Fredrik Sträng participated in the Swedish Dhaulagiri expedition which consisted of six Swedes altogether (Joakim Ahlin, Magnus Flock, Martin Emanuelsson, Fredrik Jönsson, Hans Bornefalk and Fredrik Sträng). Sträng reached the summit, together with Kami Sherpa, who was also part of the expedition.
In 2005, in a commercial expedition led by Ryan Waters, with 6 climbers and 6 high-altitude porters, Fredrik Sträng attempted to climb the north wall of Mount Everest via the northeast ridge. He turned back only 240 m from the summit because the oxygen did not work and because of an outbreak of a throat infection. Sträng reasoned that reaching the summit was not worth risking freezing some of his fingers. It has been asserted by other mountaineers that turning back – with the reason given in this case – constitutes a greater achievement than reaching the summit and suffering exposure. All porters and two clients summited, including a Swede Magnus Flock. Sträng and Flock also participated in a medical experiment conducted by Uppsala University Hospital under the supervision of researcher Stefan Branth and medical student Fredrik Wallin. The purpose was to investigate how the body is affected by hypoxia. The study found among other results that the two lost basically no fat; that at high altitudes almost all metabolism was fuelled by muscle tissue.
During the autumn of 2005 Fredrik Sträng climbed to the central peak of Shishapangma at an altitude of 8013 m.
During the spring of 2006, in another commercial expedition guided by Scott Woolums and Jamie McGuinness, Fredrik Sträng climbed Mount Everest. He used oxygen starting at Camp 2, and reached the summit with 8 of the 8 high altitude porters, and 5 of 12 fellow clients, including fellow Swede Johan Frankelius.
He participated in Jamie McGuinness' international expedition. He was also on the mountain and shot film for two documentaries. One of these documentaries was shown on TV4 in March 2007 and was called "Fredrik Sträng och mysteriet på Everest" (Fredrik Sträng and the Everest mystery) and was about the theory that George Mallory theoretically could have climbed the mountain as early as June 8, 1924. The other documentary was called "7 Summits" and was about Fredrik Sträng's climb of the tallest mountains on each continent on the planet. Fredrik Sträng was even on Mount Everest to look for a Kodak Vest pocket camera which George Mallory's climbing partner Andrew Irvine would have carried and which hypothetically could contain a photograph of Mallory and Irvine on the summit. 
In 2006 Sträng finished his "7+7+7" project, the object of which was to climb ”The 7 Summits”, the highest mountains on each continent of the planet. He succeeded in doing this in 191 days and was awarded a Guinness World Record for officially being the fastest climber in the world at the time. He was also the first Swede to have climbed the official "7 Summits". Sträng's 7 Summits adventure was also turned into a book, "7 berg 7 kontinenter 7 månader" (7 Mountains 7 Continents 7 Months), which was published in the autumn of 2007. He was also presented with the award "Adventurer of the Year" following his 7 Summits mountain climb.
In 2009 Fredrik Sträng and Niklas Hallström became the first Swedish climbers to summit Makalu (8462 m). 20 days later they also summited Lhotse (8516 m). 
In 2010 Fredrik Sträng climbed Stäng Gasherbrum 2 (8035 m) and Gasherbrum 1 (8068 m).
He was also nominated in 2010 for "Adventurer of the year" along with Natasha Illum-Berg.
In summer 2012 Fredrik returns to climb K2. This time in the service of scientific research. He participates in an international research project with researchers associated with the University of Umeå, Uppsala University, Aalto University, Cranfield University and Åbo Akademi University for four years to study decision making in extreme environments.
Fredrik Sträng has also participated as a member and photographer in several of Ola Skinnarmo's expeditions. In 2003 an expedition was conducted, "In the Footprints of Shackleton", with the purpose of repeating some of the stretches which Sir Ernest Shackleton made in 1916 when he sailed to South Georgia Island in a 6 m long wooden boat (James Caird) and then traversed the island on foot in order to reach Stommnes. The expedition used a steel boat named "Searcher" and then crossed South Georgia on skis. A documentary was later released on the expedition, "I Shackletons spår", which was shown in Swedish TV4 during Christmas 2004 and also a book, "Skinnarmo i Shackletons spår" (Skinnarmo in Shackleton's Footprints) which was published in 2005.
In 2004 Fredrik Sträng took part in an expedition together with Ola Skinnarmo to Mongolia with the purpose of horseriding, paddling and attempting to locate the world's largest salmoloid, viz. Taimen in the remote river Onon. A documentary, "I Djingis Kahns fotspår" (In the Footprints of Genghis Khan) about the trip was shown on TV4 during Christmas 2005.
Participation in disastrous 2008 K2 expedition.
In 2008 Fredrik Sträng took part in the International K2 expedition, with 8 members (Mike Farris, Chris Klinke, Tim Horvath, Dr Eric Meyer, Chirring Dorje Sherpa, Chris Warner, Paul Walker and Sträng himself). Of the group's members Chirring Dorje Sherpa was the one who reached the summit. Fredrik Sträng and Dr Eric Meyer turned back at 8000 m early in the morning of August 1 when they concluded that the conditions for safely reaching the summit were not satisfied. During August 1 and August 2 the second most devastating accident in the history of K2 occurred. 11 people died. The main reason was falling ice in the area called the bottleneck (a 100 m tall overarching wall of ice) and which caused the majority of the deaths.
Dependent activities.
Fredrik Sträng makes his living as a lecturer, documentary film maker and by writing books. He cooperates with the Swedish Save the Children where the purpose is for his adventures and lectures to contribute money to the "Rewrite the Future" project.

</doc>
<doc id="19293118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293118" title="Crataegus austromontana">
Crataegus austromontana

Crataegus austromontana, commonly known as the Valley Head Hawthorn, is a very rare species of hawthorn. It grows as a shrub or tree, and is endemic to the Southern United States in North America.
Distribution.
"Crataegus ancisa" is found in Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="19293122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293122" title="Crataegus azarolus">
Crataegus azarolus

Crataegus azarolus is a species of hawthorn known by the common names azarole, azerole, and Mediterranean medlar. It is native to the Mediterranean Basin and is a common plant there, growing on sites comparable to those the European common hawthorn grows on. In the Arabic-speaking countries it is the commonest of the hawthorn species; in the Arabic language the term "common hawthorn" means the azarole hawthorn. When growing in the wild the azerole bears plentiful crops of haw fruits, which are similar to the haws of the European common hawthorn, but plumper.
"C. azarolus" is often divided into subspecies or varieties, for example Christensen in his monograph uses four varieties: 
"C. azarolus" has been used historically for a number of medicinal purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="19293126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293126" title="Crataegus biltmoreana">
Crataegus biltmoreana

Crataegus biltmoreana is a species of hawthorn native to the Southeastern U.S. It is one of many hawthorn species named by Chauncey Delos Beadle when he worked at the Biltmore Estate. The fruit are green, yellow, or orange.

</doc>
<doc id="19293127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293127" title="Crataegus boyntonii">
Crataegus boyntonii

Crataegus boyntonii is a species of hawthorn native to the Southeastern U.S. Its fruit are "yellow-green flushed with red". It is sometimes considered to be a synonym of "Crataegus intricata".

</doc>
<doc id="19293129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293129" title="Crataegus brachyacantha">
Crataegus brachyacantha

Crataegus brachyacantha is one of the "black-fruited" species of hawthorn, but it is only very distantly related to the other black-fruited species such as "C. douglasii" or "C. nigra". The common name "Blueberry haw" refers to the appearance of the fruit, which are almost blue, and not to their taste. The species is rarely cultivated but has ornamental leaves, flowers, and foliage.

</doc>
<doc id="19293131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293131" title="Crataegus calpodendron">
Crataegus calpodendron

Crataegus calpodendron is a species of hawthorn native to much of the eastern United States and to Ontario, Canada. The common name late hawthorn refers to the flowering time, which is later than most North American hawthorns.

</doc>
<doc id="19293133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293133" title="Crataegus canbyi">
Crataegus canbyi

Crataegus canbyi is a hawthorn that is sometimes considered to be a synonym of "C. crus-galli".

</doc>
<doc id="19293136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293136" title="Crataegus chlorosarca">
Crataegus chlorosarca

Crataegus chlorosarca is an Asian species of hawthorn with black fruit. Although recommended as an ornamental and hardy in cold climates, it is rarely cultivated.

</doc>
<doc id="19293140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293140" title="Crataegus chrysocarpa">
Crataegus chrysocarpa

Crataegus chrysocarpa is a species of hawthorn that is native to much of the continental United States and Canada. Common names fireberry hawthorn and goldenberry hawthorn, as well as the scientific name all refer to the colour of the unripe fruit, although the mature fruit is red.
Three varieties "C. chrysocarpa" var. "chrysocarpa", var. "piperi", and var. "vernonensis" are recognized.

</doc>
<doc id="19293141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293141" title="Crataegus coccinioides">
Crataegus coccinioides

Crataegus coccinioides is a species of hawthorn known by the common name Kansas hawthorn. "C. coccinioides" is native to Kansas, to New England, and the southernmost parts of Ontario and Quebec. It has large flowers and leaves and fruit that appear pinkish until polished to reveal the red colour underneath the wax bloom.

</doc>
<doc id="19293146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293146" title="Crataegus collina">
Crataegus collina

Crataegus collina is a type of hawthorn that is closely related to "C. punctata", the dotted hawthorn, and sometimes considered to be the same species. A sample of "C. collina" and "C. punctata" has suggested that "C. collina" is polyploid, and "C. punctata" is diploid, but a wider sample is needed to confirm that this is generally the case.

</doc>
<doc id="19293150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293150" title="Crataegus compta">
Crataegus compta

Crataegus compta is a hawthorn native to the northeastern U.S. and southeastern Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19293155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293155" title="Crataegus crus-galli">
Crataegus crus-galli

Crataegus crus-galli is a species of hawthorn known by the common names cockspur hawthorn and cockspur thorn. It is native to eastern North America from Ontario to Texas to Florida, and it is widely used in horticulture. This is a small tree growing up to about 10 meters tall and 8 meters wide, rounded in form when young and spreading and flattening as it matures. The leaves are 5 to 6 centimeters long, glossy dark green in color and turning gold to red in the fall. The flowers are white and have a scent generally considered unpleasant. The fruits are small pomes that vary in colour, usually a shade of red. Most wild varieties of the tree are heavily armed in sharp thorns several centimeters long. This species is a popular ornamental tree, especially var. "inermis", which lacks thorns. Many other wild forms would be very suitable for landscaping if better known, and yellow-fruited forms exist.

</doc>
<doc id="19293159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293159" title="Crataegus cuneata">
Crataegus cuneata

Crataegus cuneata is a species of hawthorn known by the common names Chinese hawthorn () or Japanese hawthorn. It is native to China, and is widely cultivated in Japan. It is used for bonsai. The fruit can be red or yellow.

</doc>
<doc id="19293160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293160" title="Crataegus cupulifera">
Crataegus cupulifera

Crataegus cupulifera is a hawthorn. The name is considered to be a synonym of "C. scabrida var. egglestoni".

</doc>
<doc id="19293163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293163" title="Crataegus dahurica">
Crataegus dahurica

Crataegus dahurica is a species of hawthorn native to northeastern Asia. It is closely related to "C. sanguinea".

</doc>
<doc id="19293172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293172" title="List of American Idol finalists">
List of American Idol finalists

"American Idol" is an American talent reality television series that first aired in 2002. As of May 2012, there have been eleven seasons. During every season, the final round of competition features twelve singers, except for season one when it had ten finalists and seasons eight, ten and eleven when it had thirteen. A total of 133 contestants have reached the finals of their season. The show's age requirements only allow people to enter if they are between 15 and 29 years of age. Out of the 95 contestants listed, 30 of them were under the age of 20, including two winners and two runners-up. Season one winner Kelly Clarkson currently holds the record for the highest-selling album sales around the world, with more than 25 million copies. Whereas Season four winner Carrie Underwood currently holds the record for the highest-selling album sales in the United States, with more than thirteen million copies.
In season one, Jim Verraros, an openly gay contestant, was told by Fox to remove all mentions of his homosexuality from his online journal as producers "thought was trying to gain more votes". During the second season, finalist Corey Clark was disqualified when it was revealed that he had been arrested and charged with resisting arrest, battery upon his sister, and criminal restraint. In season five, voters claimed that phone calls dialed for Chris Daughtry during the first few minutes of voting were misrouted to Katharine McPhee's lines, when they heard her recorded message thanking them for voting for McPhee. In season seven, it was revealed that Carly Smithson held a prior label record deal with MCA Records. Reports suggested that MCA spent over $2 million promoting Smithson's previous album which she made under the name Carly Hennessy. The album sold less than 400 copies. Smithson remained on the show, and placed sixth in her season.
Jermaine Jones of season eleven was disqualified for having theft cases and outstanding warrants on Top 11 week. 

</doc>
<doc id="19293173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293173" title="Crataegus dsungarica">
Crataegus dsungarica

Crataegus × dsungarica is a hawthorn that is a hybrid between "C. songarica" in "C." sect. "Crataegus" and "C. wattiana" in "C." sect. "Sanguineae". It has blackish purple fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="19293178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293178" title="Crataegus ellwangeriana">
Crataegus ellwangeriana

Crataegus ellwangeriana is a hawthorn that is not yet well understood. It is sometimes considered to be a synonym of "C. pedicellata", and therefore a synonym of "C. coccinea", which would place it in series "Coccineae". A study concluded, however, that "C. ellwangeriana" should not be included in series "Coccineae".

</doc>
<doc id="19293179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293179" title="Hilma Burt">
Hilma Burt

Hilma Burt (sometimes misspelled "Helma" or "Hilda" "Burthe" or "Burtte") was a brothel madam in Storyville, New Orleans during the early twentieth century. This area, also known as "The District", permitted legalized prostitution from 1897 to 1917 and became the most famous area for prostitution in the nation. 
Until the district was shut down in 1917, Burt operated a lavish house of prostitution on Basin Street where composer and pianist Jelly Roll Morton was employed by Burt, while still a youth, to entertain customers.

</doc>
<doc id="19293180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293180" title="Crataegus erythropoda">
Crataegus erythropoda

Crataegus erythropoda is a hawthorn native to the southern Rocky Mountains in the U.S. The leaves are conspicuously shiny above and fruit ("haws") are dark purplish red. It is seldom cultivated, but at one time was listed in the nursery trade under the common name "Chocolate Haw". It is closely related to "C. rivularis" which has fruit that are fully black when ripe.

</doc>
<doc id="19293189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293189" title="Crataegus flabellata">
Crataegus flabellata

Crataegus flabellata is a species of hawthorn known by the common name fanleaf hawthorn. It is native to the northeastern U.S. and adjacent Canada. It is intermediate in appearance between "C. macrosperma" and "C. chrysocarpa". "C. macrosperma", which occurs throughout the range of "C. flabellata" and also in the southeastern U.S., is often misidentified as "C. flabellata".
Varieties.
There are two varieties of "C. flabellata", var. "flabellata" and "C. flabellata" var. "grayana" (Eggl.) E.J. Palmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19293191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293191" title="Crataegus fontanesiana">
Crataegus fontanesiana

J.B. Phipps has shown that Crataegus fontanesiana are "somewhat narrow-leaved forms of "C. calpodendron"". The name was mis-applied for much of the 19th and 20th centuries to some forms of "C. crus-galli".

</doc>
<doc id="19293192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293192" title="Crataegus heldreichii">
Crataegus heldreichii

Crataegus heldreichii is a species of hawthorn with red fruit that is native to Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19293197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293197" title="Crataegus holmesiana">
Crataegus holmesiana

Crataegus holmesiana is a species of hawthorn closely related to Scarlet Hawthorn, "C. coccinea" (often incorrectly called "C. pedicellata"), but with more elongated fruit and leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="19293199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293199" title="Crataegus hupehensis">
Crataegus hupehensis

Crataegus hupehensis is an Asian species of hawthorn that can grow to be a substantial tree. It is similar to "C. pinnatifida var. major", but with less pronounced lobes on the leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="19293200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293200" title="Crataegus intricata">
Crataegus intricata

Crataegus intricata is a species of hawthorn known by the common names Copenhagen hawthorn and thicket hawthorn. It is native to eastern Canada and the eastern United States. Its fruit are brown to red.

</doc>
<doc id="19293201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293201" title="Ghana at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Ghana at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Ghana sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19293205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293205" title="Honduras at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Honduras at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Honduras sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19293209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293209" title="Lebanon at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Lebanon at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Lebanon sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.
Medallists.
The country won two medals, both bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="19293210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293210" title="Crataegus jackii">
Crataegus jackii

Crataegus jackii is a hawthorn that is restricted to southern Quebec. It is related to and has been considered to be a synonym of "C. chrysocarpa", but is very hairy, with larger flowers, and has been made a synonym of "C. lumaria" Ashe.

</doc>
<doc id="19293214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293214" title="Crataegus jonesae">
Crataegus jonesae

Crataegus jonesae is a species of hawthorn native to New England.

</doc>
<doc id="19293217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293217" title="Crataegus × lavallei">
Crataegus × lavallei

"Crataegus" × "lavallei", sometimes simply known as "Crataegus lavallei" or Lavallée's hawthorn, is a hybrid that arose between cultivated specimens of two species in the genus "Crataegus" (Hawthorn).
The female parent was "C. mexicana" (sometimes mistakenly called "C. pubescens"), and the male parent is thought to be "C. calpodendron" (which is sometimes mistakenly called "C. crus-galli").
Carrière's hawthorn, "C." × "carrieri" has the same parentage, and is therefore a synonym, i.e. the same species. There are minor differences between Lavallée's hawthorn and Carrière's hawthorn, and the latter is appropriately considered a separate form, which is formally written as "Crataegus" 'Carrieri'.
"C." × "lavallei" is an ornamental small tree with glossy dark green unlobed leaves that is used horticulturally. The cultivar 'Carrieri' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="19293219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293219" title="Crataegus macrosperma">
Crataegus macrosperma

Crataegus macrosperma is a species of hawthorn native to most of the eastern U.S. and adjacent Canada, though uncommon at lower altitudes in the south. It is sometimes misidentified as "C. flabellata".

</doc>
<doc id="19293223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293223" title="Crataegus marshallii">
Crataegus marshallii

Crataegus marshallii is a species of hawthorn known by the common name parsley haw. It is native to the southeastern U.S.
The leaves of "C. marshallii" are finely dissected and decorative. The dainty flowers, small red fruit, and beautiful bark add to the ornamental value of this species.

</doc>
<doc id="19293224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293224" title="Julio González (infielder)">
Julio González (infielder)

Julio César González Hernández (born December 25, 1952) is a former Major League Baseball infielder. He played all or part of seven seasons in the majors from until . He played about equally at shortstop and second base, with a lesser but still substantial number at third base.

</doc>
<doc id="19293225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293225" title="Crataegus maximowiczii">
Crataegus maximowiczii

Crataegus maximowiczii is a species of hawthorn with fruit that are red to purple-black.

</doc>
<doc id="19293228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293228" title="Crataegus mercerensis">
Crataegus mercerensis

Crataegus mercerensis is a hawthorn that is considered to be a synonym of either "C. chrysocarpa" or of "C. dodgei".

</doc>
<doc id="19293233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293233" title="Crataegus nigra">
Crataegus nigra

Crataegus nigra (Hungarian Hawthorn) is a black-fruited species of hawthorn native to Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Albania and Yugoslavia. The fruit, which is up to 10 mm across, can be consumed fresh or cooked. 
The tree grows up to 6 metres in height. Unlike most other species of hawthorn, it grows well in areas that are periodically flooded.

</doc>
<doc id="19293236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293236" title="Crataegus orientalis">
Crataegus orientalis

Crataegus orientalis is a species of hawthorn native to the Mediterranean region, Turkey, Caucasia, Crimea, and western Iran, with fruits that are orange or various shades of red.
This species is highly variable. Christensen in his monograph divides it into four subspecies:
Uses.
Culinary uses.
In Caucasia the fruits are either eaten raw or used to make a type of sweet bread.
Medicinal uses.
Antithrombotic effects of ethanol extract of "Crataegus orientalis" leaf "significantly inhibited carrageenan-induced mice tail thrombosis in vivo."

</doc>
<doc id="19293239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293239" title="Crataegus pentagyna">
Crataegus pentagyna

Crataegus pentagyna, also called small-flowered black hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn native to southeastern Europe. Two subspecies are recognized, "C. p." subsp. "pentagyna" and "C. p." subsp. "pseudomelanocarpa". The fruit are usually black, but are sometimes a handsome purple.

</doc>
<doc id="19293241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293241" title="Crataegus peregrina">
Crataegus peregrina

Crataegus peregrina is a species of hawthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19293243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293243" title="Crataegus pruinosa">
Crataegus pruinosa

Crataegus pruinosa is a species of hawthorn known by the common name frosted hawthorn. It is native to a wide area of the eastern United States and southern Canada, and is sometimes considered to be several species, rather than just one.

</doc>
<doc id="19293246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293246" title="Crataegus punctata">
Crataegus punctata

Crataegus punctata is a species of hawthorn known by the common names dotted hawthorn or white haw that is native to most of the eastern U.S. and eastern Canada. While some sources claim it is the state flower of Missouri, the actual legislation does not identify an exact species. Furthermore, the Missouri Department of Conservation asserts the Crataegus mollis was specifically designated as the state flower.
Although many North American hawthorns are polyploid and reproduce by apomixis, this species is apparently diploid and sexual, at least throughout Ontario, Canada. The name white haw refers to its distinctive pale (grey) bark, which is particularly noticeable in the winter landscape. The plant is a bush or small tree to about 7 meters in height and very thorny, particularly on the trunk. The flower has 3 to 5 styles and approximately 20 stamens, and the fruit has 3 to 5 nutlets. Anther colour varies from deep purple through red to pink to white, and the mature fruit colour can be deep burgundy, scarlet, yellow, or yellow with a red cheek.

</doc>
<doc id="19293248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293248" title="Crataegus putnamiana">
Crataegus putnamiana

Crataegus putnamiana is a species of hawthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19293250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293250" title="Crataegus rhipidophylla">
Crataegus rhipidophylla

Crataegus rhipidophylla is a species of hawthorn which occurs naturally from southern Scandinavia and the Baltic region to France, the Balkan Peninsula, Turkey, Caucasia, and Ukraine. It is poorly known as a landscape and garden plant, but seems to have potential for those uses. Two varieties are recognized, "C. rhipidophylla" var. "rhipidophylla", and "C. rhipidophylla" var. "lindmanii".
Compared to "Crataegus monogyna", "C. rhipidophylla" has larger flowers, larger and more colourful fruits, and more decorative foliage. It has a more or less dome-shaped crown, and it is more tolerant of shade than "C. monogyna".

</doc>
<doc id="19293254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293254" title="Crataegus rivularis">
Crataegus rivularis

Crataegus rivularis is a species of hawthorn known by the common name river hawthorn. It is native to the intermontane region of the northwestern U.S., situated between the coastal ranges and the Rocky Mountains.
"C. rivularis" is one of the black-fruited hawthorn species. It is closely related to "C. erythropoda", and less closely related to "C. saligna".

</doc>
<doc id="19293263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293263" title="San Lorenzo District">
San Lorenzo District

San Lorenzo District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19293265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293265" title="Crataegus saligna">
Crataegus saligna

Crataegus saligna is a species of hawthorn known by the common name willow hawthorn that is seldom cultivated and rather rare in the wild. Its native range is wet areas of western Colorado and northeastern Utah. It is a handsome shrub or small tree with delicate-looking leaves, small flowers, small black fruit, and beautiful reddish bark.
It is related to "C. erythropoda" and "C. rivularis".

</doc>
<doc id="19293268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293268" title="Crataegus spathulata">
Crataegus spathulata

Crataegus spathulata is a species hawthorn known by the common name littlehip hawthorn. It is native to the southeastern United States. It has very attractive small delicate leaves with a bluish appearance, pretty flowers and small orange to red fruit. 

</doc>
<doc id="19293270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293270" title="The Forgotten (2003 film)">
The Forgotten (2003 film)

The Forgotten is a 2003 American Korea War film directed by Vincente Stasolla and starring Randy Ryan. The majority of the film was shot in Pennsylvania. The film chronicles the story of two tanks that get lost behind enemy lines in the beginning of the Korean War. Facing the crew is an inexperienced commander, the mounting tension between a motley assortment of soldiers, and the general confusion of the "forgotten war" itself.
Plot.
In October 1950, during a decimating North Korean Army assault, a U.S. Army tank platoon retreats. The remaining two tanks become lost behind enemy lines. Corporal William Byrne, an idealistic, God-fearing young enlistee, becomes the platoon commander after the platoon sergeant dies. Fighting against the unseen enemy and waning "esprit de corps", the tanks crisscross the unfamiliar Korean landscape. Death, dissension, and a wounded North Korean PoW test the wills of Cpl. Byrne and crews. Meanwhile, struggling to maintain his faith, Cpl. Byrne escapes the war by remembering his wife and the delusions of his morphine-medicated mind.
Awards.
"The Forgotten" received several awards, namely "Best Feature" at the Sedona Film Festival, "Grand Jury Selection", and "Best Narrative Feature" at the Artfest Film Festival.
Production.
Writer/Producer Vincente Stasolla has stated that there were several reasons for making "The Forgotten". One was the importance of shedding light on the Korean War itself. Though historians consider this particular war less understood and less well-remembered than other wars, its cost in human terms is undisputed:
Stasolla had a personal connection with the war, as his uncle had served. And, he was influenced by seminal filmmakers like Samuel Fuller (The Steel Helmet and Fixed Bayonets), who was well known for making limited budget war movies. David Lean (The Bridge Over the River Kwai) and Terrence Malick (The Thin Red Line) also influenced Stasolla.

</doc>
<doc id="19293271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293271" title="Crataegus submollis">
Crataegus submollis

Crataegus submollis is a species of hawthorn that grows to about 10 m in height and typically carries large crops of red fruit.
This species is closely related to "C. mollis", but the two species have separate native ranges. Amongst other differences between these two species, "C. mollis" has approximately 20 stamens, whereas "C. submollis" has approximately 10 stamens per flower.

</doc>
<doc id="19293273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293273" title="Crataegus succulenta">
Crataegus succulenta

Crataegus succulenta is a species of hawthorn known by the common names fleshy hawthorn and succulent hawthorn. It is "the most wide-ranging hawthorn in North America", native to much of southern Canada, and the United States as far south as Arizona, New Mexico, Kansas, Missouri, North Carolina, and Tennessee. In this wide area there are many variant forms that have received species names, but can also be considered as synonyms.

</doc>
<doc id="19293277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293277" title="Crataegus tanacetifolia">
Crataegus tanacetifolia

Crataegus tanacetifolia (Tansy-leaved Thorn) is a species of hawthorn. It is native to Turkey where it occurs on dry slopes or in rocky places, usually on calcareous rocks.
It is a deciduous tree that grows up to 10 metres in height and 8 metres in width The fruit, is 10-14 mm or up to 25 mm in diameter, orange or rarely red in colour. It can be consumed fresh or cooked.

</doc>
<doc id="19293279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293279" title="Crataegus triflora">
Crataegus triflora

Crataegus triflora is an uncommon hawthorn species of the south-eastern U.S., of known by the common name three-flowered hawthorn.
It is a multi-stemmed shrub 3 to 5 meters tall. The flowers are quite large for hawthorn flowers, and occur in small clusters (not necessarily exactly three to a cluster). Although rarely cultivated, it can be very attractive if well grown.

</doc>
<doc id="19293280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293280" title="Indophenol">
Indophenol

Indophenol is an artificial blue metachromatic dye, obtained by the action of phenol on certain nitrogenous derivatives of quinone. Indophenol resembles the color indigo in appearance. Dichlorophenol-indophenol (DCPIP), a form of indophenol, is often used to determine the presence of vitamin C, or ascorbic acid.
The formation of indophenol is used to determine ammonia and paracetamol by spectrophotometry. 
Indophenol blue (CAS 132-31-0) is a completely different molecule with systematic name "N-(p-dimethylaminophenyl)-1,4-naphthoquinoneimine".

</doc>
<doc id="19293282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293282" title="Crataegus uniflora">
Crataegus uniflora

Crataegus uniflora is a species of hawthorn known by the common name one-flowered hawthorn, or dwarf hawthorn. It is native to parts of the southeastern United States. The plant is usually a small bush, but some forms can be a few meters tall. The flowers occur singly or in small clusters. The fruit are hairy and yellow to reddish in colour.

</doc>
<doc id="19293286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293286" title="Crataegus viridis">
Crataegus viridis

Crataegus viridis (Green Hawthorn) is a species of hawthorn that is native to the southeastern United States. Forms vary considerably, and many desirable ornamental forms could be selected from the wild. The cultivar 'Winter King' is a well-known selection.

</doc>
<doc id="19293288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293288" title="Crataegus wattiana">
Crataegus wattiana

Crataegus wattiana is an Asian species of hawthorn. The original description states that it has yellow fruit with five stones (pyrenes).

</doc>
<doc id="19293293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293293" title="Crataegus wilsonii">
Crataegus wilsonii

Crataegus wilsonii is a species of hawthorn native to the mountains of southwestern China at elevations of 900 to 3000 meters. It is an ornamental tree, intolerant of summer drought, that is rarely cultivated.

</doc>
<doc id="19293297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293297" title="Michael McCain">
Michael McCain

Michael H. McCain B.A. (November 13, 1958 Florenceville, New Brunswick, Canada) is the current President and Chief Executive Officer of Maple Leaf Foods, since January 1999. Michael is listed on Canadian Business Magazine’s 100 richest Canadians.
Born in Florenceville, New Brunswick, McCain is the son (one of four siblings) of Wallace McCain, a founder of McCain Foods, and Margaret McCain.
McCain attended Mount Allison University and then Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario (graduated in 1979 with a BA in Business Administration). 
In 1979 he joined McCain Foods sales department and worked up into management. By 1986, he was President of McCain Citrus Incorporated and appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of McCain Foods USA Incorporated in 1990. In the 1990s a prolonged legal dispute between McCain co-founders and brothers Wallace and Harrison McCain over succession to the company leadership ended with the departure of Wallace and Michael from McCain Foods.
McCain joined Maple Leaf Foods as President and Chief Operating Officer in April 1995, and is currently President and Chief Executive Officer of the firm. McCain is also the director of Maple Leaf Foods, McCain Capital Corporation and McCain Foods Group Inc., as well as Chairman and a director of Canada Bread Company, Limited. McCain is also a member of the board of the Royal Bank of Canada, the American Meat Institute, and also serves on the board of trustees of the Hospital for Sick Children. He was also director of the American Frozen Food Institute and Bombardier Inc.
As CEO of Maple Leaf Foods, McCain's handling of the 2008 listeria outbreak with frank and open communications made him a role model for crisis management.[http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/wallace-mccain-food-business-giant-dies-at-81/article2022352/]
McCain was married to Christine McCain in 1981 and now in legal proceedings to provide spousal support to his ex-wife and two of their five children.

</doc>
<doc id="19293299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293299" title="Concord Coach Lines">
Concord Coach Lines

Concord Coach Lines, Inc., formerly known as Concord Trailways, is an inter-city bus company based in Concord, New Hampshire.
The company was founded in 1967, and expanded in 1988 with the purchase of the Trailways franchise. Service to Maine commenced in 1992. The company's relationship with Trailways Transportation System was dissolved in 2008, and the name reverted to "Concord Coach Lines."
Service area.
Concord Coach Lines operates along the Interstate 95 corridor between Bangor, Maine and Boston, Massachusetts, as well as the Interstate 93 corridor in New Hampshire with service from Berlin and Littleton through Concord to Boston and Logan International Airport.
Specifically it connects the following locations:
Connections.
Concord Coach Lines provides Amtrak Thruway Motorcoach service from Portland to Bangor and from Manchester to Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="19293305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293305" title="Malus baccata">
Malus baccata

Malus baccata is a species of apple known by the common names Siberian crabapple, Siberian crab, Manchurian crab apple and Chinese crab apple. It is native to most of Asia, but is also grown elsewhere as an ornamental tree and for rootstock. It is used for bonsai. It bears plentiful fragrant white flowers and edible red to yellow fruit of about 1 cm diameter.
Distribution and habitat.
"Malus baccata" is native to Eastern Siberia, Russian Far East, Mongolia, China, Korea, Bhutan, India and Nepal, where it is common to mixed forests on hilly slopes at elevations up to 1500 meters. The tree is found in Japan, and it has also been introduced to Canada and the US where it is mostly found around the Great Lakes.
Features.
Trees grow up to 10–14 meters high. They have arching or overhanging red-brown branches and red-brown buds. Petioles are 2–5 cm long, with few glands. Leaves are elliptic or oval shaped, (3–8)×(2–3.5) cm in size. Pedicels are slender and 1.5–4 cm long. They bear white fragrant flowers of 3–3.5 cm diameter which groups by 4–6. Petals are white and oval-shaped, with a size of 2–2.5 cm. Fruits are red to yellow and are only about 1 cm in diameter; they form dense clusters and resemble cherries from a distance. Flowering occurs in spring, with fruits appearing in September–October.
Subordinate taxa.
The subordinate taxa include
Uses.
"M. baccata" is used as ornament for its flowers and fruit. Fruits are edible and are eaten fresh or dried. As one of the tallest and most resistant to cold and pest species of its genus, "M. baccata" is used for experimental breeding and grafting of other crabapples. In particular, it is a common genetic source for "M. pumila" and "M. asiatica" in northern and north-eastern China. "M. baccata" var. "mandshurica" is used for bonsai.

</doc>
<doc id="19293323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293323" title="USS Boulder Victory (AK-227)">
USS Boulder Victory (AK-227)

USS "Boulder Victory" (AK-227) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She carried ammunition into the Pacific Ocean war zone and, on 20 December 1944 at Manus, New Guinea, she struck a naval mine and suffered a very large hole in her side.
Fortunately, her ammunition did not explode due to the sudden inrush of seawater; however, her operations were somewhat limited after that unfortunate event and post-war she returned to the United States for disposal by the Navy and a continued maritime career.
Victory built in Richmond, California.
"Boulder Victory" (AK-227) was laid down on 18 June 1944 at Richmond, California, by Permanente Metals Corporation under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MCV hull 536); launched on 31 August; sponsored by Miss Elsa Maxwell; transferred to the Navy on 12 October; and commissioned the same day, Lt. Comdr. Francis E. Church in command.
World War II service.
On 17 October, the newly commissioned cargo ship sailed to San Francisco, California, to begin duty as an ammunition supply vessel. Her holds were filled by 2 November, and "Boulder Victory" got underway for the western Pacific. 
In order to support the Allied advances to the west and north, forward ammunition replenishment stations were established at Ulithi Atoll in the Western Caroline Islands and Kossol Passage in the Palau Islands. "Boulder Victory" received orders to transfer ammunition between these bases as needed. She made port at Eniwetok on 17 November to refuel, entered the lagoon at Ulithi on the 30th, and reached Kossol Passage on 8 December.
Kossol Passage ultimately proved to be unsuitable for ammunition handling owing to chronic heavy swells, the lack of storage facilities ashore, and the shortage of personnel to unload the supplies, as well as its proximity to Japanese-held Babelthuap Island. Floating mines from that island were a constant danger.
Striking a mine.
On 20 December, as "Boulder Victory" set out for Manus, she struck one of those mines on her port side. The explosion tore a hole in her No. 3 hold that measured 18 feet by 32 feet. The hold contained 5-inch projectiles, but the fires started by the explosion were extinguished by the rapid rush of seawater into the space. As a consequence, only two shells exploded, leaving two 16-inch holes in the skin of the ship. "Boulder Victory" remained afloat, although low in the water; and, after emergency repairs to the engines, managed to get into Palau again on her own power. Her crew suffered no casualties, but the damage to the ship was so severe that her wartime operations ended.
The cargo ship remained anchored at Kossol Passage unloading ammunition and cleaning debris from the hold until 8 February 1945. She then slowly steamed to Manus to unload the remainder of her cargo and to enter a floating drydock for further repairs. Finally, on 13 June, "Boulder Victory's" temporary repairs made her seaworthy again, and she set course via Pearl Harbor for San Francisco. On 30 June, the ship began a major overhaul by United Engineering Co. at Alameda, California, to complete the repairs.
End-of-war operations.
"Boulder Victory" was still in overhaul when the Japanese capitulated in August; but, on 1 September, the cargo ship began shakedown and training exercises off San Diego, California. She got underway on 10 October to carry supplies to the occupation troops in Japan. After a refueling stop at Eniwetok, "Boulder Victory" continued on to Okinawa where she arrived on 30 October. 
She unloaded her cargo and embarked returning veterans. On 10 November, she set sail for the United States.
Post-war decommissioning.
After discharging her passengers, the ship sailed for San Francisco, where she commenced demilitarization on 5 December and was returned to the War Shipping Administration on 4 January 1946. Her name was struck from the Navy list on 21 January 1946.
During 1946 and 1947, "Boulder Victory" was operated by Parry Navigation Co., Inc. She was then inactivated and laid up at Wilmington, North Carolina, until 1951, when she began operations for the Isbrantsen Co., Inc., and then for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company. The ship was once again deactivated in 1953 and placed in storage at Suisun Bay, California, where she remained until disposed of sometime in the mid-1980s.
Honors and awards.
Qualified "Boulder Victory" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19293326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293326" title="Laos at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Laos at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Laos competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.
Medalists.
The country won one medal, a bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="19293337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293337" title="Malus brevipes">
Malus brevipes

Malus brevipes, also known as the shrub apple, is a species in the genus "Malus", in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293339" title="Malus florentina">
Malus florentina

Malus florentina is a species of apple known by the common names Florentine crabapple and hawthorn-leaf crabapple. It is native to the Balkan Peninsula and Italy, and it is grown elsewhere as an ornamental tree.

</doc>
<doc id="19293340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293340" title="Malus formosana">
Malus formosana

Malus formosana is a species in the genus "Malus" in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293341" title="Zhao Bingjun">
Zhao Bingjun

Zhao Bingjun (赵秉钧) (1859 – February 26, 1914) was the third premier of the Republic of China from 25 September 1912 to 1 May 1913. Zhao was previously a public security official during the Qing dynasty and became minister of the interior during the republic before becoming premier. He was directly implicated in the assassination of Song Jiaoren, the man most likely to be his successor. The murder was most likely ordered by the provisional president, Yuan Shikai, who was angry that Song wanted to fill the cabinet with Nationalists that would obstruct Yuan's policies. Zhao protested his and Yuan's innocence but resigned to protect Yuan's government. He was made governor of Zhili. Zhao was mysteriously poisoned in 1914, most likely by Yuan to prevent him from leaking more details of Song's death to the press.

</doc>
<doc id="19293342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293342" title="Malus glabrata">
Malus glabrata

Malus glabrata, commonly known as Biltmore's crabapple, is a species in the genus "Malus", in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293345" title="Malus glaucescens">
Malus glaucescens

Malus glaucescens, commonly known as Dunbar crabapple, is a species in the genus "Malus" in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293347" title="Malus halliana">
Malus halliana

Malus halliana is a species of apple known by the common name Hall crabapple. Its Chinese name is chui si hai tang. It is generally considered to be a native tree of China, but this has been disputed. It is grown elsewhere as an ornamental tree for its abundant, fragrant pink flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="19293350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293350" title="Malus honanensis">
Malus honanensis

Malus honanensis is a species in the genus "Malus", in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293354" title="Malus ioensis">
Malus ioensis

Malus ioensis, or the prairie crabapple, is a species of crabapple tree native to the United States. The most common variety, "Malus ioensis" var. "ioensis", is found primarily in the prairie regions of the upper Mississippi Valley. Another variety, "Malus ioensis" var. "texana", or the Texas crabapple, is found only in a small region of central Texas.
The prairie crabapple tree can grow up to 35 feet (10 m) in height. It bears white or pink flowers in the summer and small apple-like berries in the fall.

</doc>
<doc id="19293355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293355" title="Malus kansuensis">
Malus kansuensis

Malus kansuensis is a species in the genus "Malus" in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293358" title="Malus lancifolia">
Malus lancifolia

Malus lancifolia is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293359" title="Malus prattii">
Malus prattii

Malus prattii (Pratt's Crabapple, 西蜀海棠 "xi shu hai tang") is a crabapple species, indigenous to Guangdong, Guizhou, west Sichuan, and northwest Yunnan provinces in China. It grows to 10 meters in height, with flowers 1.5–2 cm in diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="19293362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293362" title="Malus prunifolia">
Malus prunifolia

Malus prunifolia is a species of apple tree known by the common names pear-leaf and plum-leaf crabapple, Chinese apple and Chinese crabapple. It is native to China, and is grown elsewhere for use as an ornamental tree or as rootstock. It reaches from between 3 and 8 meters tall and bears white flowers and yellow or red fruit. 
It was described botanically by Willd. in the genus "Pyrus", and transferred to "Malus" in 1803 to produce the nomenclatural treatment used here.
Range and habitat.
"Malus prunifolia" is found in China in the provinces of Gansu, Guizhou, Hebei, Henan, Liaoning, Nei Mongol, Qinghai, Shaanxi, Shandong, Shanxi, and possibly Xinjiang. It is adapted to grow at a variety elevations from sea-level plains, to slopes as high as 1300 meters.
Varieties.
"Malus prunifolia" has at least four varieties, some are grown for their fruit:
list sources :

</doc>
<doc id="19293365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293365" title="Malus rockii">
Malus rockii

Malus rockii is in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293370" title="Malus sargentii">
Malus sargentii

Malus sargentii, occasionally called Sargent's apple or Sargent crabapple, is a species of crabapple in the genus "Malus". The species was formerly considered a variety of the species "Malus sieboldii". The plant is a shrub growing about 6 feet tall. "Malus sargentii" is native to Japan but is commonly used as an ornamental shrub elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="19293374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293374" title="Malus sieboldii">
Malus sieboldii

Malus sieboldii, commonly called Toringo crabapple or Siebold's crabapple, is a species in the family Rosaceae. It is sometimes considered to have three varieties: "M. sieboldii" var. "sieboldii" (the true Siebold's crabapple), "M. sieboldii" var. "sargentii", which is sometimes considered to be a separate species "M. sargentii", and "M. sieboldii" var. "zumi".

</doc>
<doc id="19293377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293377" title="Santa María District">
Santa María District

Santa María District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19293379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293379" title="Malus sikkimensis">
Malus sikkimensis

Malus sikkimensis is a rare species of apple known by the common name Sikkim crabapple. Its Chinese name is xi jin hai dang. It is native to China, Nepal, Bhutan, and part of India, where it is threatened due to loss of habitat. It bears white and pink flowers and dark red fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="19293380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293380" title="Malus spectabilis">
Malus spectabilis

Malus spectabilis is a species of apple known by the common names Asiatic apple, Chinese crab, and Chinese flowering apple. Its Chinese name is hai tang hua due to its beautiful flowers. It is native to China, where it is also a popular ornamental tree. It has white or pink flowers depending on variety. The fruit is yellow and about 2 centimeters wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19293384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293384" title="Bari Wood">
Bari Wood

Bari Wood (b. December 31, 1946) is an American author of science fiction, crime and horror novels.
Life.
Bari Eve Wood was born in Jacksonville, Illinois in 1946, grew up in and around Chicago, and graduated from Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois with a degree in English. She moved to New York in 1967, where she first worked in the library of the American Cancer Society, later as editor of the society's publication, "CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians" and of the medical journal "Drug Therapy". In the early 1970s she began writing fiction. 
She was married to Dr. Gilbert Congdon Wood (b. 1915 – d. 2000), a biologist for the American Cancer Society. In 1981 they moved to a farmhouse in Ridgefield, Connecticut. In 2008, she married Dennis Preston Kazee and moved to Lansing, Michigan.
Bari Wood wrote her first novel, "Killing Gift", in 1975. Followed by 'Twins,' with Jack Geasland in 1977; in 1988 the novel was adapted into a film under the title "Dead Ringers" with Jeremy Irons in the lead role. The novel "The Killing Gift", published in 1975, won the Putnam Prize for high-quality novels.

</doc>
<doc id="19293385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293385" title="Malus sublobata">
Malus sublobata

Malus sublobata is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293388" title="Malus toringoides">
Malus toringoides

Malus toringoides is a species in the family Rosaceae. It is a wild apple tree, sometimes used as a root stock in apple breeding. It grows in mountains in China, in Shaanxi, Gansu, Ningxia, Qinghai and Sichuan. Malus toringoides is a naturally occurring hybrid species with multiple ploidy levels(Li, 2001).
References.
Li, Y. N. 2001. Researches of germplasm resources of Malus Mill.. – China Agriculture Press

</doc>
<doc id="19293392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293392" title="Malus transitoria">
Malus transitoria

Malus transitoria (cut-leaf crabapple) is a species of flowering plant in the apple genus "Malus" of the family Rosaceae, native to China. It is a deciduous tree growing to tall by wide. It is cultivated as an ornamental tree for its elegant shape, abundant white flowers, and small yellow fruits 8 mm in diameter. The deeply divided leaves turn yellow in autumn. It is also used as rootstock for other apples. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
The Latin "transitoria" means "short-lived". The name "cut-leaf" refers to the shape of the leaves.
Lower taxa.
"M transitoria" var. "centralasiatica"<br>
"M transitoria" var. "glabrescens"<br>
"M transitoria" var. "transitoria"

</doc>
<doc id="19293394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293394" title="Malus trilobata">
Malus trilobata

Malus trilobata, the Lebanese wild apple, erect crab apple or three-lobed apple tree, is a species in the family Rosaceae in the genus "Malus". Some authorities place it in the segregate genus "Eriolobus", as "Eriolobus trilobatus".
Distribution.
"Malus trilobata" is endemic to Lebanon, with surviving trees in the Mount Lebanon Range, at altitudes of . 
The last remaining forest community of the endemic wild apple in the country, that is protected, is in Horsh Ehden Nature Reserve.
Description.
"Malus trilobata" has an upright habit with horizontal branching and a mature size of height by width. 
The leaves are maple-like and deeply three-lobed. They turn from orange to red to deep purple in the fall. 
The tree blooms during April and May producing white flowers and yellow fruits.

</doc>
<doc id="19293395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293395" title="Terry Stone">
Terry Stone

Terry Stone (born 13 January 1971 in Kingston upon Thames, London), also known as Terry Turbo, is a British actor and film producer. Before a career in film, Stone was a rave promoter, and is co-founder of Garage Nation and Rave Nation with Jason Kaye. He is most notable for his role as Tony Tucker, in the 2007 film "Rise of the Footsoldier". Stone currently resides in Windsor with his family.
Stone began his acting career in 2003, appearing in "Hell to Pay". He has also appeared in British television series such as "EastEnders", "The Bill" and "My Family".

</doc>
<doc id="19293400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293400" title="Malus yunnanensis">
Malus yunnanensis

Malus yunnanensis is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293411" title="Sagamore Hill Military Reservation">
Sagamore Hill Military Reservation

Sagamore Hill Military Reservation was a coastal defense site located in Sagamore Beach, Massachusetts.
History.
The Sagamore Hill Military Reservation was built on state land. Its mission was to protect the Cape Cod Canal from possible air and naval attack. It never did have to fire its guns in defense but did play an important part in the defense of the canal.
Site now.
The Panama mounts (1942) and battery commander's station of a two-gun 155mm battery still remain here, as well as several magazine igloos.

</doc>
<doc id="19293414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293414" title="Photinia anlungensis">
Photinia anlungensis

Photinia anlungensis is a flower species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293415" title="Larry C. James">
Larry C. James

Larry C. James is an American psychologist, author and former officer in the United States Army.
James is notable for serving as Joint Task Force Guantanamo's chief psychologist in 2003, and as Abu Ghraib's chief psychologist in 2004.
Post Military career.
James has also served on the Presidential Task Force on Military Deployment Services for Youth, Families and Service Members.
In 2008 James was hired as the Dean of Wright State University School of Professional Psychology.
In 2008 he published a memoir, entitled: """". 
A review in the "Brooklyn Rail" described the book as James's defense against insinuations he was a "torture shrink", and noted:
Trudy Bond, another psychologist, requested in 2008 that the Louisiana State Board of Examiners of Psychologists review the ethics of James' work in Guantanamo.
When the board dismissed Bond's complaint she requested the Board's actions be reviewed.
State District Judge Mike Caldwell ruled he didn't have jurisdiction over the Board.
Bond is considering appealing Caldwell's decision.

</doc>
<doc id="19293417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293417" title="Photinia beckii">
Photinia beckii

Photinia beckii is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293418" title="Antônio Meneses">
Antônio Meneses

Antônio Meneses Neto (born in Recife, 1957) is a Brazilian cellist.
Antonio Meneses was born in a family of musicians. His father was first horn player at the Opera of Rio de Janeiro. He began to study the cello when he was ten. During a tour in South America, the famous cellist Antonio Janigro met him and asked him to join his classes in Düsseldorf and then in Stuttgart.
In 1977, he won the first Prize at the International Competition in Munich and in 1982 he was awarded first Prize and gold Medal at the Tchaikowsky Competition in Moscow.
Orchestra performances.
He regularly performs with orchestras such as the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra (Riccardo Muti, Mariss Jansons), London Symphony Orchestra (Claudio Abbado, André Previn), BBC Symphony Orchestra (Andrew Davis), Amsterdam Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra (Semyon Bychkov, Herbert Blomstedt), Vienna Symphony Orchestra, in Warsaw, the Czech Philharmonic (Gerd Albrecht), the Moscow and the Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra (Yuri Temirkanov), the Israel Philharmonic, Orchestre de la Suisse Romande (Neeme Järvi), the Bayerische Rundfunk Orchestra, New York Philharmonic Orchestra (Kurt Sanderling), in Washington with the National Symphony Orchestra and Mstislav Rostropovitch, in Buenos Aires, with the NHK Symphony Orchestra in Tokyo.
Music festivals.
He is also the guest at many important music festivals, including Puerto Rico (Festival Pablo Casals), Salzbourg, Lucerne, the Vienna Festwochen, the Berlin Festwochen, the Prague Spring Festival, New York (Mostly Mozart Festival), Seattle, la Grange de Meslay (the festival of Svjatoslav Richter in France) or the Festival de Colmar, the festival of Vladimir Spivakov in France, the Jerusalem Chamber Music Festival.
Concerts.
He regularly gives chamber music concerts with the Vermer Quartet on tour in Europe and in Japan, the Amati Quartet or the Quartetto David. Antonio Meneses was the cellist of the Beaux Arts Trio from October 1998 until its end in 2008.
Recitals.
In recital, Antonio Meneses is playing either with Nelson Freire or Gérard Wyss.
Antonio Meneses has made two records for D.G.G. with Herbert von Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra : Brahms' Double Concerto for violin and cello with Anne-Sophie Mutter and then Richard Strauss' "Don Quixote". Antonio Meneses has also recorded the D'Albert Concerto and works of David Popper both with the Basel Symphony Orchestra. He has also recorded the six suites of Bach for Nippon Phonogram and Tchaïkovsky' Trio for EMI/Angel. In July 1997 Antonio Meneses has recorded the three concertos by Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach with the Munich Chamber Orchestra (without conductor). He has recently recorded the concertos and the fantasy for cello and orchestra by Heitor Villa-Lobos.
Antonio Meneses gives also masterclasses in Europe, North America and in Japan.
March 2001
International Tchaikovsky Competition.
He won the VI Tchaikovsky competition. Meneses combines an intense soloist concert career with chamber music performances. He is a teacher at Bern's Hochschule der Künste.

</doc>
<doc id="19293419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293419" title="Photinia berberidifolia">
Photinia berberidifolia

Photinia berberidifolia is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293420" title="Photinia bodinieri">
Photinia bodinieri

Photinia bodinieri is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293425" title="Photinia chihsiniana">
Photinia chihsiniana

Photinia chihsiniana is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293429" title="Photinia chingiana">
Photinia chingiana

Photinia chingiana is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293433" title="Photinia crassifolia">
Photinia crassifolia

Photinia crassifolia is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293435" title="Photinia glabra">
Photinia glabra

Photinia glabra is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293437" title="Photinia glomerata">
Photinia glomerata

Photinia glomerata is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293439" title="Kawina">
Kawina

Kawina is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It contains one species, "K. wilsoni".

</doc>
<doc id="19293441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293441" title="Photinia integrifolia">
Photinia integrifolia

Photinia integrifolia is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293446" title="Photinia kwangsiensis">
Photinia kwangsiensis

Photinia kwangsiensis is a species in the family Rosaceae. 

</doc>
<doc id="19293448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293448" title="Photinia lanuginosa">
Photinia lanuginosa

Photinia lanuginosa is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293449" title="Photinia lochengensis">
Photinia lochengensis

Photinia lochengensis is a species in the family Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19293452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293452" title="Photinia loriformis">
Photinia loriformis

Photinia loriformis is a species in the family Rosaceae. They grow to a height of approximately 3 meters. They are common in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19293455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293455" title="Photinia megaphylla">
Photinia megaphylla

Photinia megaphylla is a species in the family Rosaceae. It is found in Tibet. The type locality is Mêdog Xian, Xizang, China, at an altitude of 1800 metres, where it grows in broad-leaved forest.
Description.
"P. megaphylla" is an evergreen shrub to about 3 metres. The leaves are elliptical, up to 27 cm by 12 cm, with up to 25 pairs of veins, and covered with dense brownish fur on the underside. It flowers in May and June. 

</doc>
<doc id="19293465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293465" title="Photinia prionophylla">
Photinia prionophylla

Photinia prionophylla is a species in the family Rosaceae of flowering plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19293468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293468" title="Cabinet of Romania">
Cabinet of Romania

The Cabinet of Romania is the chief executive body of Romania.
History.
First Petre Roman cabinet.
The first Roman Cabinet was led by Petre Roman between December 1989 – June 28, 1990.
Second Petre Roman cabinet.
The second Roman Cabinet was led by Petre Roman between June 28, 1990–April 30, 1991.
Third Petre Roman cabinet.
The third Roman Cabinet was led by Petre Roman between April 30, 1991–October 16, 1991.
Theodor Sotolojan cabinet.
The Stolojan I Cabinet was the Cabinet of the Government of Romania between October 16, 1991 and 1992. It was the fourth Cabinet after the fall of Communism in Romania. The Prime Minister was Theodor Stolojan, former communist official (responsible with the foreign currency), and FSN member at the time he took office.
Nicolae Văcăroiu cabinet.
The Văcăroiu I Cabinet was led by Nicolae Văcăroiu from 1992–1996.
Victor Ciorbea cabinet.
The Ciorbea I Cabinet was led by Victor Ciorbea from 1996–1998.
Radu Vasile cabinet.
The Vasile I Cabinet was led by Radu Vasile from 1998–1999.
Mugur Isărescu cabinet.
The Isărescu I Cabinet was led by Mugur Isărescu from 1999–2000.
Adrian Năstase cabinet.
The Năstase I Cabinet was led by Adrian Năstase from 2000 – December 29, 2004.
First Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu cabinet.
The first Tăriceanu Cabinet was the cabinet of the government of Romania led by Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu between December 29, 2004 and April 5, 2007. It succeeded Năstase I Cabinet, and was succeeded by the Tăriceanu II Cabinet.
It was a multiple-party coalition, formed by National Liberal Party (PNL), Democratic Party (PD), Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania (UDMR), and Romanian Humanist Party/Conservative Party (PUR/PC). It consisted of three Ministers of State (one for each party of the coalition, except for the National Liberal Party, which held the Prime Minister position), 15 Ministers, and six Ministers Delegate. In the early 2007, the Conservative Party withdrew from the coalition. As a result the Conservative Party's Minister Delegate post was dissolved, and the other Conservative Party's posts were re-shuffled between the National Liberal Party and the Democratic Party.
Second Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu cabinet.
The second Tăriceanu Cabinet of the Government of Romania was composed of 18 ministers, listed below. It was sworn in on April 5, 2007, and hat since reshuffled numerous ministers, including in the last two months of term. It was a coalition Government, formed by the PNL, and the UDMR. Its term ended on 22 December 2008, when the new cabinet, headed by Emil Boc received the vote of confidence from the Parliament and was sworn in at Cotroceni Palace.
First Emil Boc cabinet.
The first Boc Cabinet of the Government of Romania was composed of 20 ministers, listed below. It was sworn in on 22 December 2008, the same day it received the vote of confidence from the Parliament of Romania. It was a grand coalition government, formed by the PD-L and the PSD. The Cabinet could have faced a Constitutional issue, by using the term "Deputy Prime Minister", instead of the one used in the previous cabinets "Minister of State".
Following the resignation of Liviu Dragnea (PSD) from the office of Minister of Administration and Interior, on February 2, 2009, the Parliament voted to unify the post of Deputy Prime Minister with the post of Minister of Administration and Interior.
On October 1, 2009, following the removal from office of the Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Administration and Interior, Dan Nica (PSD), all the PSD Ministers resigned from the cabinet. As a result all their offices were taken, ad interim by the PD-L, for a period no longer than 45 days. The cabinet should have received a new vote from the Parliament, as its political composition was changed. On 13 October 2009 the Parliament voted for a motion of no confidence. As a result this Cabinet was just an acting Cabinet. Its term ended on 23 December 2009, when the new cabinet, headed also by Emil Boc received the vote of confidence from the Parliament and was sworn in at Cotroceni Palace. During the interim period, Traian Băsescu nominated repeatedly friendly candidates, despite the fact that the then opposition parties (PNL, PSD, UDMR, and the 18 representatives of the national ethnic minorities), having an absolute majority in both Houses of Parliament, expressed their will to nominate the Mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis as Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="19293469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293469" title="Photinia prunifolia">
Photinia prunifolia

Photinia prunifolia is a species in the family Rosaceae of flowering plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19293473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293473" title="Photinia raupingensis">
Photinia raupingensis

Photinia raupingensis is a species in the family Rosaceae of flowering plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19293476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293476" title="Photinia serratifolia">
Photinia serratifolia

Photinia serratifolia (syn. "Photinia serrulata"), commonly called Chinese photinia is a flowering shrub or tree in the Rosaceae family of flowering plants, found in mixed forests of China, Taiwan, Japan, the Philippines, Indonesia, and India. It grows typically , sometimes up to , tall. Its leaves are toxic due to the presence of cyanogenic glycosides.

</doc>
<doc id="19293478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293478" title="Photinia stenophylla">
Photinia stenophylla

Photinia stenophylla is a species in the family Rosaceae of flowering plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19293480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293480" title="Photinia tushanensis">
Photinia tushanensis

Photinia tushanensis is a species in the family Rosaceae of flowering plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19293482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293482" title="Photinia zhejiangensis">
Photinia zhejiangensis

Photinia zhejiangensis is in the family Rosaceae of flowering plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19293485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293485" title="Larry James (disambiguation)">
Larry James (disambiguation)

Larry James was an American Olympic sprinter.
Larry James may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19293491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293491" title="Kayserops">
Kayserops

Kayserops is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Acastidae), that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Germany. It was described by Delo in 1935, and the type species is "Kayserops kochi", which was originally described under the genus "Cryphaeus" by Kayser in 1883. The generic name is derived from the name of the species' author. The type locality was the Rhenish Massif.

</doc>
<doc id="19293519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293519" title="Kazachstania (trilobite)">
Kazachstania (trilobite)

Kazachstania is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida. It contains one species, "K. gerardoi" and was first found in Kazachstan.

</doc>
<doc id="19293542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293542" title="Meisa Hanai">
Meisa Hanai

Life and career.
Hanai was born on July 20, 1986 in Japan. Like only a few other Japanese AV actresses, among them Maria Ozawa, Tina Yuzuki, Saori Hara and Anna Ohura, she is of mixed heritage. Her father is Japanese and her mother is Bulgarian.
She made her AV debut in November 2007 with S1 No. 1 Style, a major Japanese AV studio associated with the Hokuto Corporation group of companies and known for developing popular actresses. She continued making one movie per month for S1 through the end of 2008. Despite being a newcomer to the AV industry, she broke into the DMM list of the Top 100 Actresses by sales from their website for the last half of 2007, ranked at #8, and for the first half of 2008, ranking at #23.
Hanai also did a "gravure" (non-sex) shoot for Vol. 178 of "Bejean" magazine, published in August 2008. She debuted with Kawaii, another Hokuto company specializing in glamour videos, in the appropriately titled "Kawaii Debut" in January 2009. She also began appearing in a series of videos for Moodyz in April 2009 and later in 2009 she began working with the Attackers studio.
Hanai released two "uncensored videos" (without the usual pixelation to obscure the genitals) in April 2010, in both standard DVD and Blu-ray versions.
In addition, she has been on GyaO TV's show "Ero Para" (エロ生☆パラダイス).

</doc>
<doc id="19293549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293549" title="Charles W. Watson">
Charles W. Watson

Charles W. Watson (August 30, 1915 in Guelph, Ontario, Canada - April 20, 2002 in Kaneohe, Hawaii), also known as Chuck Watson is an American sculptor. His son Mark Watson is also a Hawaii-based sculptor. The Contemporary Museum, Honolulu is among the public collections holding work by Charles Watson. His sculptures in public places include:

</doc>
<doc id="19293559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293559" title="Ai Kobayashi">
Ai Kobayashi


</doc>
<doc id="19293562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293562" title="Copenhagen Distortion">
Copenhagen Distortion

Copenhagen Distortion is a middle-size festival for party/club culture, taking place in the streets of Copenhagen, Denmark, and in dozens of unusual locations around city, every year during the week of the first Saturday in June. The festival's cultural focus is on club culture, upfront dance music, street life, contemporary art (only when related to nightlife or public space), social art and Copenhagen's new independent media (print and web).
History.
The name, the concept of mixing all genres and the tag-line "Distortion — A Celebration of Copenhagen Nightlife" were founded in September 1998 for a one-night party in the nightclub Mantra in Tivoli, Copenhagen.
Distortion became a 5-day mobile festival in June 2000, with seven parties in five days. Distortion started its international party hosting concept in 2004 with DJ Colette hosting a radio show on a boat and an after-party [http://2004.cphdistortion.dk]. 
By June 2008, Distortion had grown to one of the largest cultural celebrations in Copenhagen.
In 2011, Distortion had 80.000-100.000 people per day 
Distortion profile.
A celebration of street-life and nightlife.
Copenhagen Distortion is "a celebration of streetlife & nightlife" orchestrating 150+ dancefloors hosted by 150+ local and international icons of streetlife and nightlife (people, shops, clubs, galleries, labels, magazines…). The characteristic Distortion atmosphere involves high-energy impulsive chaos with a strong "streetlife freedom" feel. The music selection is sharp and upfront: names like Hot Chip, Simian Mobile Disco, Spank Rock feat. Amanda Blank and Sebastien Tellier were booked for Distortion events before they had become underground heroes of international scope (see notable names & dates below). The festival has always been a Copenhagen leader in the field of using urban space and unusual locations: In the years 2005-2006 the festival started to focus strongly on outdoor street parties. In 2008 Distortion changed its tagline "A Celebration of Copenhagen Nightlife" to "A Celebration of Streetlife & Nightlife": out of 56 events, 14 of them were street parties and 3 of them were massive outdoor block parties on famous Copenhagen squares (Latin Quarters + Sankt Hans Torv + Enghave Plads). In 2011, Copenhagen Distortion became one of the largest street events in Europe with 80.000-100.000 people per day.
Mobile festival.
One of the unique aspects of the festival is its mobile nature. Distortion happens each day in a different neighbourhood (5 days = 5 areas), attracting 6,000–10,000(50,000-100,000 in the later years) people per day to events that often are mobile themselves: parades, boat parties, bus parties, street races, block parties… [http://cphdistortion.blogspot.com]
Music profile.
Notable names that have played at Distortion :
And more.
Party Profile.
They hosted parties at Distortion events: 
And many more..

</doc>
<doc id="19293563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293563" title="Kozlowskiaspis">
Kozlowskiaspis

Kozlowskiaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Calmoniidae), that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Bolivia. It was described by Branisa and Vanek in 1973, and the type species is "Kozlowskiapsis superna". It also contains the species "K. australis" and "K. borealis". The type locality was the Icla Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19293569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293569" title="Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller &amp; Rhoads, Inc.">
Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller &amp; Rhoads, Inc.

Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc. was a Washington, D.C.-based national retail conglomerate that existed from 1967 to 1981.
History.
The conglomerate was formed in 1967, when the Julius Garfinckel & Co., who in 1946, had purchased the men's specialty retailer Brooks Brothers, acquired the Richmond, Virginia-based Miller & Rhoads chain. The conglomerate operated 29 department and specialty stores in its four divisions in 1968. The fourth division was De Pinna. In 1950, Garfinckel's had acquired the De Pinna stores, but closed the three apparel stores in that division in 1969. That same year, it acquired the six-store chain of Miller, Inc. of Knoxville, Tennessee. That chain was later renamed Miller's of Tennessee in 1973, after acquisition of Miller Brothers of Chattanooga.
The conglomerate continued to expand during the 1970s and became an extremely profitable enterprise. As part of an "aggressive expansion" program, the Washington, D.C.-based Joseph R. Harris Co. was acquired in 1971; an 11 store apparel chain with nine stores in the Washington area and stores in Atlanta, Georgia and Charlotte, North Carolina. That chain was also a locally owned Washington D.C.-based apparel retailer whose founder, Joseph R. Harris, had close ties to the Garfinckel leadership. The following year, Harzfeld's a Kansas City, Missouri-based chain of six women's and children's high-end apparel stores was acquired for $3 million. In 1973, the conglomerate operated 66 stores in 14 state and the District of Columbia. After acquiring two Gus Meyer stores in Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Oklahoma in 1974 (to be folded into Harzfeld's), there were 86 stores nationwide. In 1977, the conglomerate executed a major expansion with acquisition of the 27 store Ann Taylor women's fashion store chain and 73 Catherine's Stout Shoppe stores, a chain specializing in large size fashion apparel. The former was acquired that year for $14 million and the latter for $23.4 million. That year, the company consisted of 192 retail units. Despite the economic downturn in 1976-77, the conglomerate was the most profitable in its history.
Given its profitability, the public corporation received a lot of attention on Wall Street. In 1978, the Minneapolis, Minnesota-based retailer Gamble-Skogmo, Inc. attempted a takeover; the third such attempt during 1977-78. Gamble-Skogmo purchased a 20-percent share from the Joseph R. Harris family, thereby gaining a controlling interest in the conglomerate. A court suit resulted in an agreement that Gamble-Skogmo would not acquire any more stock in Garfinckel. The following year, Garfinckel sold the Joseph R. Harris Co., then renamed Harris & Friends, to the Petrie Stores Corp. of Cleveland, Ohio. At the time, Harris had 26 stores in Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Georgia, and the District of Columbia.
The conglomerate's last major acquisition was of the seven store, Texas-based fashion specialty Frost Bros. chain for $27.2 million in 1980. In 1981, the conglomerate consisted of close to 190 stores in seven chains. Initially, Garfinckel's had been negotiating with Allied to sell its 22 Miller & Rhoads department stores. In August of that year, Allied Stores acquired Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc. for $228 million. With that transaction they acquired 178 department stores and 48 specialty shops in 28 states.

</doc>
<doc id="19293577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293577" title="Cape Verde at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Cape Verde at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Cape Verde sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. Its sole athlete was Artimiza Sequeira who competed in technical disciplines of athletics. Cape Verde did not win a medal at these Games.
Athletics.
Women

</doc>
<doc id="19293578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293578" title="North Houston Early College High School">
North Houston Early College High School

North Houston Early College High School is a secondary charter school located at 99 Lyerly in Northside Houston, Texas, United States.
The school is operated by the Houston Independent School District in association with the Houston Community College System-Northeast Campus. The school is located in the HCC Northline building of the HCC-Northeast Campus.
Currently the school is housed in portable buildings. The school will move to a permanent three-story building on the Houston Community College campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19293579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293579" title="Libya at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Libya at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Libya sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19293584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293584" title="Green Action">
Green Action

Green Action () is an environmental organization based in Zagreb, Croatia and the national member of Friends of the Earth. Based with a full-time activist group with thirteen members back by a larger number of volunteers, the organization works on topics related to biodiversity, energy, climate change, freshwater, genetically modified organisms, transport, urbanism and waste. Green Action was founded in 1990.
Green Action is part of the 30 national organisations that Friends of the Earth Europe represents and unites at the European level.

</doc>
<doc id="19293616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293616" title="Kageneckia angustifolia">
Kageneckia angustifolia

Kageneckia angustifolia (also known as Frangel) is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family. It is endemic to Chile. It grows from Limari to Talca (30 to 35°S) in the Chilean Coast Range and in the Andes.
Description.
It is an evergreen small tree or shrub that measures up to 5 m (16 ft) tall, the bark is greyish-brown and sheds in longitudinal strips. Leaves are alternate, very leathery, with toothed edge and linear shape, the leaves are petiolate, glossy light-green about 9 cm long. The flowers are unisexual star-shaped and white, solitary or clustered in axillary inflorescences. The calyx is formed by 5 sepals, the corolla is made up by 5 petals. The male ones have 15 stamens. The fruit is a pentamerous star-shaped capsule, about 2-3 cm in diameter. The seeds are winged. 
Uses.
The wood is used for elaborating coal.
Etymology.
Kageneckia in honour of "Frederick von Kageneck", Austrian ambassador to Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="19293635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293635" title="Districts of Panama">
Districts of Panama

The provinces of Panama and some of the comarcas are divided into districts ("distrito"). The district are further divided into corregimientos of Panama

</doc>
<doc id="19293640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293640" title="Josef Maria Horváth">
Josef Maria Horváth

Josef Maria Horváth (born 20 December 1931 in Pécs, Hungary) is a Hungarian composer, pianist, and conductor.
Life.
At the Jesuit School of his hometown he learned to play the organ. After high school he studied Piano, Composition, and Conducting at the Liszt Academy in Budapest. In 1956 he was awarded his diploma with distinction, and shortly thereafter settled in neighboring Austria. Here he continued his studies at the Salzburg Mozarteum, concentrating on Piano, Composition, and Electronic Music. During his studies he developed a successful career as a pianist and conductor, frequently offering his own works. After 1962 he diminished his activities as a performer, concentrating almost exclusively on composition. He was also appointed Professor for Counterpoint, Piano, and the Theory and Praxis of New Music at the University Mozarteum in Salzburg. Horváth’s works are of impeccable craftsmanship and great beauty, and have been edited by Doblinger in Vienna.
References.
small bio in German

</doc>
<doc id="19293644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293644" title="Taitung Station">
Taitung Station

Taitung Station () is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA). It lies at the junction of the Hualien-Taitung Line and the South-Link Line in Taitung City, Taitung County, Taiwan.
Structure.
There are three island platforms.
Service.
All service classes of the TRA except the "Taroko Express" and the "Puyuma Express". This is because those two classes exclusively use electric trains though the Hualien-Taitung Line is not yet completely electrified. The TRA aims to complete electrification and extend "Puyuma" service to Taitung Station from the north by the end of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19293646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293646" title="Amine Mezbar">
Amine Mezbar

Amine Mezbar ("Adel Tobbicchi") is a Canadian citizen who was arrested and wrongfully charged with terrorism, following an alleged plot conspiring to blow up the American embassy in Paris in June 2002. He was later found not guilty of the charge in a Dutch court.
Life.
Mezbar is alleged to have stolen several passports in 1997 and 1999 after his fingerprints were found on the scene. He lived in a Rotterdam apartment with Jerome Courtailler and Mohammed Berkous, although the latter was arrested two days after the September 11 attacks.
Mezbar came to Canada under the name "Adel Tobbichi", and earned permanent resident status in April 2000. He lived primarily in Montreal, where he was allegedly forging passports and similar documentation to help militants cross European borders.
Arrest.
In July he was arrested and extradited to face charges in the Netherlands. He did not challenge his extradition, noting he had more faith in a European justice system than a Canadian one, as he had grown "disillusioned" after Canadian officials repeatedly interrogated him and accused him of terrorism.
On 28 December 2002, Mezbar, and his co-defendants, Frenchman Jerome Courtailler, Dutchman Saaid Ibrahim, and Algerian Abdelghani Rabia were all found not guilty of terrorism by a Dutch court.

</doc>
<doc id="19293659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293659" title="Love Is a Wonderful Thing (Peggy Zina song)">
Love Is a Wonderful Thing (Peggy Zina song)

"Love Is a Wonderful Thing" is a song by popular Greek artist Peggy Zina. It was released in March 2002 by Nitro Music and is included on her album "Vres Enan Tropo". The song was written by Thanos Kalliris and was released as a three track CD single which received gold certification.
Eurovision Song Contest 2002.
"Love Is a Wonderful Thing" was entered in the Greek national final to choose the song and artist to represent Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002. The national final was held on February 26, 2002 at "Rex" music hall in Athens where Zina performed the song sixth. Out of the ten songs entered, an expert jury chose 5 to go onto the final round. In the final round, the winner was chosen by 50% televoting and 50% expert jury. "Love Is a Wonderful Thing" tied for second place with Maria-Louiza & Not 4 Sale's "To Be Together" and Michalis Rakintzis's "S.A.G.A.P.O." won the contest and represented Greece at the contest where it came in 17th.

</doc>
<doc id="19293676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293676" title="The Best of Spineshank">
The Best of Spineshank

The Best of Spineshank is a greatest hits compilation album, released by the American industrial metal band Spineshank's former record label Roadrunner Records. It was released on January 29, 2008 and features material from the band's first 3 studio albums presented in reverse chronological order. The album has sold over 10,000 copies as of March 11, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19293704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293704" title="Montenegro at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Montenegro at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Montenegro sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19293707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293707" title="Jacques Nguyễn Văn Mầu">
Jacques Nguyễn Văn Mầu

Jacques Nguyễn Văn Mầu (22 January 1914 – 31 January 2013) was a Vietnamese bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
Nguyễn was born in Bà Rịa in 1914. He was ordained a priest on 21 September 1940, appointed bishop of Vinh Long following the resignation of Antoine Nguyễn Văn Thiện on 12 July 1968, and received his episcopal consecration on 12 September 1968. He retired from the diocese of Vinh Long on 3 July 2001, aged 87.

</doc>
<doc id="19293720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293720" title="Mark Watson (sculptor)">
Mark Watson (sculptor)

Mark Watson is an American sculptor who was born in Honolulu, Hawaii in 1949. His father Charles W. Watson is also a Hawaii-based sculptor. Mark Watson’s sculptures in public places include:

</doc>
<doc id="19293739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293739" title="Lincoln Sitting Room">
Lincoln Sitting Room

The Lincoln Sitting Room is a small sitting room located on the second floor of the White House. It was used as the White House telegraph room from 1865 to 1902 (until the West Wing was built). It is furnished in Victorian-style to match the bedroom. The overstuffed sofa and matching chair were formerly furnishings in the Green Room. The Kennedy restoration in 1963 restored it to Victorian-style, and it has been maintained in the same style since.
The room became a favorite of President Richard Nixon who had it replicated in his presidential library.

</doc>
<doc id="19293741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293741" title="Neo (album)">
Neo (album)

Neo is a 1979 debut solo album by the American punk musician Ian North. It was recorded in 1978 in Ian Gillan's studio and released in 1979 by Aura Records. Although the album was released as a solo work of Ian North, he recorded it with three session musicians: Steve Byrd on guitar, John McCoy on drums and Bryson Graham on drums and they later formed Neo, as a "semi-band", because they were paid by North. Many songs were written by North while the band comprised him and the brothers Robin and Paul Simon. This line-up, the band's first played a gig during 1977. In early 1978, Robin Simon left to join Ultravox and, shortly afterwards, his brother Paul was sacked by North and joined Cowboys International.
North said in a 2007 interview that while the album was being recorded, ex-Deep Purple member Ian Gillan was watching Neo, and after the recording was finished, Byrd, McCoy and Graham left North, because Gillan invited to them to join his fledgling band Gillan. Shortly afterwards, North renewed Neo with true band members until 1978 when North returned to the USA.
It was not released on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="19293758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293758" title="In the Name of the Grandfather">
In the Name of the Grandfather

"In the Name of the Grandfather" is the fourteenth episode of the twentieth season of "The Simpsons". It first aired on Sky1 on St. Patrick's Day, March 17, 2009 and aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 22, 2009. It was the first episode of the show to premiere in Europe before airing on Fox. In the episode, the Simpsons buy a new hot tub and spend so much time relaxing in it that they neglect Abraham "Grampa" Simpson. Homer decides to make it up to Grampa by helping him do one thing he wants to do. Grampa reminisces about O'Flanagan's pub in Ireland where he once had the best night of his life so the Simpsons travel there. Marge, Bart and Lisa visit various Irish landmarks while Homer and Grampa buy O'Flanagan's during a night of binge drinking and soon discover that pubs are no longer popular in Ireland.
"In the Name of the Grandfather" was directed by Ralph Sosa and was the first episode of the show to be written by Matt Marshall. Marshall pitched the idea in 2007 and the script was ready for a table read later that year, but the Writers Guild of America strike delayed work on the episode. Described by executive producer Al Jean as "an affectionate love letter to Ireland," the episode was inspired by a "New York Times" article about the effects of Ireland's smoking ban on pubs. Guest stars for the episode include Colm Meaney as Tom O'Flanagan, Glen Hansard as a street musician and Markéta Irglová as an Eastern European woman. Kenneth Branagh and Kathy Ireland were also reported to have roles in the episode but neither appeared in the final version. The episode contains numerous jokes about Ireland and references to Irish culture including the Giant's Causeway, Blarney Castle, James Joyce, Bloomsday, leprechauns, Guinness, "Riverdance", U2 and the film "Once".
The special broadcast of the episode in Ireland was part of Fox's year-long "Best. 20 Years. Ever." celebration which commemorates the 20th anniversary of the show. To promote the broadcast, Jean, Brooks and voice actor Nancy Cartwright visited Ireland and participated in the Saint Patrick's Day parade in Dublin. Critics in Ireland mostly enjoyed the jokes about the nation but felt that the episode itself was average. The initial broadcast on Sky1 in Ireland was watched by 511,000 viewers, with a 33% share making it the most watched Sky1 broadcast in Ireland ever. In the United Kingdom, an average of 957,000 viewers (with a 4.7% share) watched. The first airing of the episode on Fox in the United States finished with a 3.6 Nielsen rating and was viewed in 6.15 million homes, finishing third in its timeslot.
Plot.
The Simpson family visits a home and garden show where they decide to purchase a hot tub. They spend hours soaking in the tub and become so relaxed that they forget to visit Abraham "Grampa" Simpson at a family event. Grampa angrily unplugs and destroys the hot tub, scolding them for ignoring him. Homer decides to make up for their neglect and decides to do something Grampa wants to do. Grampa reminisces about a pub in Dunkilderry, Ireland called O'Flanagan's, where he claims to have had the best night of his life many years ago. Homer decides to take Grampa there for one last drink. When the family arrives they realize Ireland has become a commercialized, hi-tech country of consumers and workaholics. The pub itself has run out of business as many of the patrons are now yuppies and have no interest in drinking. The pub owner Tom O'Flanagan is happy to have customers again. Homer and Grampa sit down at the pub and start drinking while Marge, Bart and Lisa visit various Irish landmarks. They visit the Giant's Causeway, Blarney Castle, the Guinness brewery and Dublin. 
After a long night of drinking, Homer and Grampa awaken and discover that they bought the pub from Tom O'Flanagan during the previous night's binge, much to their shock and dismay. They rename the bar and try to continue running it but get no business and have to find a way to market their unwelcoming business. Homer gets help from Moe Szyslak, who suggests that they allow people to do illegal things in their pub. They find out that smoking is now banned from Irish pubs and Moe urges the Simpsons to turn it into a smokeasy. They do a roaring trade, but are closed down by the Irish authorities. As a punishment, Homer and Grampa are deported back to America and have to pay a small fine. Chief Wiggum arrives to bring them back to the U.S., but accidentally hits himself with his nightstick and then Maces and electrocutes himself.
Production.
Writing.
"In the Name of the Grandfather" was the first episode written by Matt Marshall who had previously worked on the show as a writers' assistant. In 2007, he pitched the idea of Grampa being neglected and the Simpsons taking him to Ireland. The script was ready for a table read in late 2007, but the Writers Guild of America strike delayed work on the episode. Executive producer Al Jean said the episode is intended to be "an affectionate love letter to Ireland" because many of the writers have Irish roots. He added, "The episode is based on the experiences of myself and a lot of the writers on "The Simpsons" who have Irish ancestry and come back to visit to find it very different, much more hi-tech." According to James L. Brooks, the story was also inspired by a "New York Times" article about the effects of the smoking ban in Ireland on pubs.
Previous episodes of the show where the Simpsons visit other countries have been controversial. For example, the Simpsons visited Australia in "Bart vs. Australia" (season six, 1995) and Brazil in "Blame It on Lisa" (season 13, 2002) and both episodes generated controversy and negative reaction in the visited countries. In the latter case, Rio de Janeiro's tourist board—who claimed that the city was portrayed as having rampant street crime, kidnappings, slums, and monkey and rat infestations—went so far as to threaten Fox with legal action. When asked whether he thought this episode would generate similar controversies, Al Jean replied "I'm Irish American and I know Irish people have an excellent sense of humor so we weren't very worried."
Casting.
Colm Meaney guest starred as Tom O'Flanagan. Al Jean felt that Meaney was "just perfect with his voice." For the episode, Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová reprised their roles as a street musician and Eastern European woman, respectively, from the film "Once". They recorded their parts in October 2008 in Los Angeles during their tour of the United States.
In a September 2008 interview, Jean said that Kenneth Branagh would guest star as the pub owner and that he had come in to record the part. However, Branagh was replaced by Meaney and did not appear in the episode. According to Fox's official press release, Kathy Ireland was to have a cameo as herself. However, although she appeared in animated form in the episode, a caption stated that the producers asked her to guest voice and that she had declined. The voice of her character was performed by Tress MacNeille.
Cultural references.
The episode featured numerous jokes about and references to Ireland and its culture. First of all, the title refers to the Irish film "In the Name of the Father". The Simpson family visits landmarks including Blarney Castle and Guinness Brewery as well as the Giant's Causeway. The fictional village of Dunkilderry contains yuppie leprechauns described by Grampa as "yuprechauns" and Homer drinks Guinness beer. An advertising executive with Guinness stated that a deal had to be worked out with "The Simpsons" producers in order for the brand to appear in the episode. The Simpsons visit Dublin on Bloomsday, a day when people recreate the events in James Joyce's novel "Ulysses". Homer says that he wants to take Ireland back to the "good old days of "Angela's Ashes"," referencing Irish author Frank McCourt's memoir. In his flashback, Grampa dances in "Riverdance" style. Musicians Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová reprise their roles from the 2007 Irish film "Once" - much of which was originally shot in Mountjoy Square, Dublin, coincidentally a location that is also featured in "Ulysses". A billboard in Ireland advertises a U2 moving company with the slogan "We Move in Mysterious Ways". Grandpa angrily tells the family when they forgot about the family visit day that "I was lonelier than Estes Kefauver at a meeting of Murder, Inc., and his follow-up to the Simpsons' non-recognition is "That actually makes sense!" is accurate: Kefauver was a Democratic U.S. Senator from Tennessee who chaired the Senate Special Committee to Investigate Crime in Interstate Commerce in 1950, and as they were the largest organized crime syndicate in the U.S. at that time, Murder, Inc. would not have been very welcoming to Sen. Kefauver if he had ever showed up at one of their gatherings.
Promotion.
"In the Name of the Grandfather" was first episode of "The Simpsons" to premiere in Europe before airing on Fox in the United States. Previously, new episodes of the show occasionally aired on the Global Television Network in Canada a half hour before they aired on Fox. Global simulcasts shows from several American networks and the occasional special forces them to push episodes of "The Simpsons" to an earlier timeslot.
The episode aired at 7:30 PM on Sky1 and was paired with "Sex, Pies and Idiot Scrapes", the season premiere episode of "The Simpsons", which begins with a visit to a St. Patrick's Day parade. The special broadcast is part of Fox's year-long "Best. 20 Years. Ever." celebration which commemorates the 20th anniversary of the show. To promote the broadcast, executive producers Al Jean and James L. Brooks, as well as Nancy Cartwright visited Ireland and participated in the Saint Patrick's Day parade in Dublin. The episode was screened at the Lighthouse Cinema in Dublin on March 16. In addition, Homer was announced as the special guest editor of the March edition of "Sky Magazine". To promote the episode in the United States, several people dressed as Marge visited pubs in various major cities on March 17 and gave away codes for free cell phone ringtones and wallpaper. A clip from the episode was played all day on the JumboTron screen in Times Square, New York City.
Before "In the Name of the Grandfather" aired, Irish bookmaker Paddy Power started taking bets on what would happen in the episode. It offered odds on things such as which Irish phrase Homer would use first, number of viewers, and which Irish star would make a cameo appearance.
Reception.
The initial airing of the episode on Sky1 in the United Kingdom drew an average of 957,000 viewers with a 4.7% share of the audience. The initial broadcast on Sky1 in Ireland was watched by 511,000 viewers, with a 33% share. The episode became the most watched Sky1 broadcast in Ireland, breaking the previous record set in April 2004. The episode also had a 60.5% share of child viewers and a 40% share of the 15-24 year old demographic, both records. The original airing of the episode on Fox in the United States finished with a 3.6 Nielsen rating and was viewed in 6.15 million homes. Combined with an episode of "King of the Hill", the episode finished third in its timeslot.
Shane Hegarty of "The Irish Times" wrote that it "may not have been a vintage episode [...] but it had plenty of good moments, and from an Irish perspective it was a fascinating opportunity to see ourselves through the eyes of the greatest comedy series ever written." He added that "even as it reveled in stereotypes, it used them to continue the running joke about how Ireland doesn't conform to American's ["sic"] views of it." Pat Stacey of the "Evening Herald" gave the episode two stars. He wrote that he enjoyed the jokes about the Irish landmarks but called it "a fairly slapdash, ramshackle half-hour" and mentioned that Colm Meaney deserved a better role. Evan Fanning of the "Sunday Independent" wrote "Yes, The Simpsons came to Ireland and all we got was some lousy rehashed jokes and a feeling that the whole thing was a bit of a waste of time."
Robert Canning of IGN wrote "It wasn't the funniest of foreign land adventures, but it was serviceable. [...] The saving grace of the episode was all the Irish-centric vignettes with Marge and the kids. These quick hitting gags were the funniest moments and kept the episode from being completely blah." Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a B, commenting that the episode "allowed the show to have fun with its surroundings," adding that it was one of his favorites of the twentieth season.

</doc>
<doc id="19293765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293765" title="Coming to Homerica">
Coming to Homerica

"Coming to Homerica" is the twenty-first episode and season finale of the twentieth season of "The Simpsons". It aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 17, 2009. Its name is a parody of the 1988 film "Coming to America". The storyline is a pick on illegal immigration to the United States, complete with self-appointed vigilantes and building a fence to prevent it. Tying in with the episode's subject of Norwegian-descended settlers, its first US broadcast coincided with the Norwegian Constitution Day.
Plot.
Krusty is informed that the Krusty Burger is the unhealthiest fast food in the world (somehow even the Double Krusty Burger is healthier), so he decides that his namesake restaurant should serve the "Mother Nature Burger," which is entirely vegetarian. All of the townsfolk like the new burgers (mostly Apu, who expressed his delight of a fast-food store finally taking the belief of vegetarianism to light and says that now no one can tell he's Hindu), but soon the entire town has food poisoning. The illness is traced to tainted barley, which was grown in the neighboring town of Ogdenville. The ensuing boycott destroys the local barley industry and the residents of Ogdenville, who are descended from Norwegian settlers and portrayed as overly stereotypical, are forced to abandon their town (to Norwegian romantic composer Edvard Griegs mournful "Aase's Death," followed by a phrase from the Finlandia Hymn by his Finnish counterpart Jean Sibelius).
The displaced Ogdenvillians migrate to Springfield, whose residents are initially hospitable and hire them as day laborers. Homer hires several Ogdenvillians to fix his roof, Marge hires a nanny named Inga to care for Bart, Lisa and Maggie, and Selma finds love with Thorbjørn, a brawny blond who also seems to enjoy taunting Homer. After being pressured by some Ogdenvillian kids, Bart shows off to them on his skateboard successfully — until he hits a bus and dislocates his right arm. Marge and Homer rush Bart to the hospital and are furious when they have to wait for 6 hours, due to many Ogdenvillians being injured while working for Springfieldians. Marge and Homer take Bart home where Marge personally fixes Bart's arm. Homer goes to Moe's Tavern, only to discover that Moe is now serving "Aquavit" and the bar is full of Ogdenvillians. Homer demands a mug of Aquavit and, unaware of its strong alcohol content, is instantly intoxicated and subsequently loses his job at the nuclear power plant when he arrives at work drunk.
Mayor Joe Quimby calls a town meeting, where it is decided that the Springfield border should be closed to residents of Ogdenville. Chief Wiggum and fellow officer Lou are too lazy to control the border themselves, so they distribute guns and beer to a group of vigilantes, among them Homer, Lenny and Carl. After Homer asks the assembled crowd to suggest a name for themselves "that evokes America's proud history of citizens rising up to defend our way of life", Cletus suggests "The Klan" and "The Nazis" but this is eventually rejected in favor of the decidedly less offensive "The Star-Spangled Goofballs." After several failed attempts to keep Ogdenvillians out of Springfield, the vigilantes decide to build a wall. At first, Marge believes the wall contradicts the values of tolerance that she taught their children, but changes her mind when Maggie utters the Scandinavian word "ja" (meaning "yes"). The residents of Springfield hire workers from Ogdenville to assist with the construction of the wall since they cannot build it themselves. As the building progresses, the residents of both communities discover that their similarities outweigh their differences. Once the wall is complete, the residents of Springfield realize that they miss their neighbors, so the Ogdenvillians come back through a door they built in the wall and the police arrives with music to start a party for all the people there.
Reception.
This episode was seen by 5.86 million viewers. On TV.com, it received an 8.2 score from users, making it the fifth highest-rated of the season.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode a positive review, saying that "shaky ending aside, the story unfolded well and the episode was full of funny bits." He went on to say, "funny, smart and, well, funny, "Coming to Homerica" was a great way to end a generally positive season." Mac McEntire of TV Verdict.com gave it a mixed review, saying that "another season of "The Simpsons" comes to a close, with an up-and-down episode." He went on to say, "the first half of the episode is much stronger in laughs and content than the second half, especially the somewhat rushed ending.".

</doc>
<doc id="19293790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293790" title="Umapine, Oregon">
Umapine, Oregon

Umapine (pronounced "U-mah-pine") is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Umatilla County, Oregon, United States, two miles from the Oregon-Washington border. It has a population of 315 people as of 2010. The community is part of the Pendleton–Hermiston Micropolitan Statistical Area. It was established as a railroad stop on the Walla Walla Valley Railway with an active lumber yard and large population of dairies in the early 1900s. The current economy is supported by agriculture, including wheat and hay farms, apple orchards, and an increasing number of vineyards. The main establishments in the town are Umapine Market and the Waterhole Tavern.
Umapine was originally named Vincent, Oregon, until the community acted to get its own post office. Since there was already a post office by that same name in Wallowa County, the place was renamed for a prominent Indian chief who had once lived in the area, Chief Umapine, who was either of the Cayuse or Umatilla people. The post office was established in June 1916. After several fires in the post office building, Umapine post office, ZIP code 97881, was closed in December 1966. Umapine now has a Milton-Freewater mailing address, whose ZIP code is 97862.
For several decades the town had a school that served kindergarten through twelfth grade and whose mascot was the Umapine Chiefs. The enrollment at the school averaged 100 students. The school closed and incorporated with nearby Ferndale School District in 1984, which later incorporated with Milton-Freewater Unified School District in the early 1990s. In the early 1990s, the 1911 school building was sold to a local artist who established a fine art bronze foundry, Old School Bronze (formerly Northwest Art Casting), that is still in existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19293820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293820" title="Eye Legacy">
Eye Legacy

Eye Legacy is the first posthumous release by the late American rapper and TLC member Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes, credited on the cover as "lisa lefteye lopes". The album is a compilation of songs either unreleased or featured on "Supernova", remixed to feature new production as well as new guest singers and rappers.
Background.
Originally set to be released October 28, 2008, the release date was pushed back to November 11, then to January 27, 2009. The album includes a bonus DVD of previously unreleased footage of Lisa. The album booklet also contains fan messages that were collected through the official "Eye Legacy" MySpace page. A percentage of the proceeds from the album sales went to the Lisa Lopes Foundation and her orphanage in Honduras. Guest appearances include: Chamillionaire, Bone Crusher, Missy Elliott, Bobby Valentino, TLC, Wanya Morris, Lil Mama, Reigndrop Lopes, Free, Ryan Toby, Clyde McKnight, and Claudette Ortiz. "Eye Legacy" sold 2,550 copies in its first week of release, just barely missing the "Billboard" 200, however, it debuted at #15 on the "Billboard" Top Rap Albums, #44 on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #30 on the "Billboard" Top Independent Albums. The album dropped to 18 in its second week on the Top Rap Albums chart, to 54 on the R&B albums chart and also out of the top 25 on the Independent chart. The following week the album dropped out of the Rap and Independent charts altogether and down to 99 on the R&B chart. It spent 6 weeks on the R&B albums chart, 4 on the Rap albums and 1 on the Independent.
Reception.
Initial critical response to "Eye Legacy" was average. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 48 based on 5 reviews. "Entertainment Weekly" called the album "...another posthumous compilation matching a much-missed talent's unused vocals (...) with tinny new beats and random guests". "Spin" said: "Lopes' complex flow rarely sits comfortably in the harder cuts, original guests Tupac Shakur and Esthero have vanished, and the introspection of this unconventional artist's final years too often gets obscured by the updated glitz." "The Phoenix" called Left Eye a "a spunky studio presence". Allmusic stated: "One of the natural reactions to a release like this — studio scraps and otherwise unfinished material reanimated with new productions and patched-in guest spots, all for the sake of a "new album" from a late artist — is, of course, horror". "The Washington Post" released a statement saying" Lopes was firecracker-smart, controversy-prone and given to bouts of mysticism. "Eye Legacy" is powered by the sheer force of her personality, for better or worse. It's a glass-jawed mix of swaggery, rough-edged hip-pop, cool come-ons, non-specific spiritual allusions and go-girl affirmations that can seem one-note and brittle without the ameliorating influence of Lopes's cooler-headed group mates." Through, most critics praised the song "Block Party", with Lil Mama & Clyde McKnight, on an Allmusic track pic and "The Phoenix" saying: "'Block Party', featuring an appearance by the always welcome Lil Mama & Clyde McKnight, works up some energy worthy of the song's title." Urban Music Scene said "This CD is raw, gritty, truthful, and dripping with a deep, southern groove. Lisa brings a style and flavor to all her songs. From the head-nodding 'Spread Your Wings' to the club-bangers 'Bounce' featuring Chamillionaire and Bone Crusher, and 'Crank It' featuring Lisa's sister, Reigndrop, who sounds just like Lisa."
Track listing.
"All tracks produced by Surefire Music Group and Marcus DL, except where noted."
Bonus tracks.
Several bonus tracks were released as the EP "Forever... The EP".
Remixes.
The majority of songs on "Eye Legacy" are remixed versions of songs from Lopes' 2001 release, "Supernova".

</doc>
<doc id="19293825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293825" title="Georgiacetus">
Georgiacetus

Georgiacetus is an extinct genus of ancient whale known from the Eocene period of the United States.
Fossils are known from Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi and protocetid fossils from the right time frame, but not yet confirmed as "Georgiacetus", have been found in Texas () and South Carolina ().
"Georgiacetus" is an extinct protocetid (early whale) which lived about and hunted the rich, Suwannee Current powered coastal sea which once covered the Southeastern United States. This was during the earliest Bartonian Stage of the Eocene Epoch (). 
Current research puts "Georgiacetus" as the link between the protocetids and modern whales, making the Georgia whale a scientifically important ancestor to all modern whales. An articulated and completed cast of the find is currently on display at the Georgia Southern University Museum in Statesboro, Georgia; Georgia Southern University also houses the actual 1983 "Georgiacetus" fossils and has the animal’s fossilized hip bones on display.
Discovery.
"Georgiacetus" was discovered in 1983 during the construction of the nuclear power plant Plant Vogtle in Burke County, Georgia (in the Lutetian Blue Bluff Formation, , paleocoordinates ).
The find consisted of three individuals all identified as belonging to the same species; two of the individuals were represented by isolated bones recovered separately which included a few vertebrae, ribs and tooth crowns.
The main find was discovered during the cutting of a drainage channel at a depth of about below the surface. It was a 75%-80% complete individual consisting of more than 60 bones and teeth; including a well preserved skull and mandible. Fortunately, Georgia Power halted construction activities in the area and assisted in the recovery effort. The main mass was collected from an area about square, they were not articulated. There was evidence of light scavenging with scratches on one rib but only ten shark’s teeth were recovered with the find. There was no duplication of fossilized bones in the main mass so a single individual was represented. This was an adult animal with fully erupted and well worn molars. There was no apparent cause of death. The main mass of bones were first reviewed in the field (1983) by geologist E. A. Shapiro of the Georgia Geologic Survey (which was "abolished" in 2004). On Shapiro’s recommendation Georgia Southern University was called in and Richard Petkewich and Gale Bishop led the effort to recover the specimen.
Description.
Cranium and dentition.
Dr. Richard Hulbert, also with Georgia Southern University at that time, led the research team which described the find as a new genus and species in 1998. The skull is more than long, wide and about deep, fleshed out it would have been decidedly larger.
The structure of its inner ear bones confirms "Georgiacetus" as belonging with the whales; throughout their long history all whales and their terrestrial ancestors have possessed an identifiable and unique inner ear bone structure.
It’s hard to know the total length of the animal as no legs or tail vertebrae were found, but researchers estimate a length of at considering the head would have been nearly three feet long for a living animal.
"Georgiacetus" was equipped as an active predator capable of taking and processing large prey. There was a prominent crest at the top rear of the skull which would have anchored powerful jaw muscles. The front teeth were curved, banana shaped (though in life most of the banana shape would have been deep in the jaw with just the tip exposed) and peg-like. These teeth were adapted to seize and hold struggling prey; moving back in the jaws there were deeply rooted triangular edged teeth for shearing, and further back were sharp molars for crushing. Large fish, birds or turtles could have been caught and processed into manageable chunks.
The tooth and skull arrangement shows a clear, direct relationship between the Basilosauridae family and "Georgiacetus". Basilosaurids possessed teeth and a skull remarkably similar in function and structure, both have nostrils (blowholes) located halfway back on the snout, just in front of the eyes. The basilosaurid tooth arrangement appears as a more efficient and specialized version of the "Georgiacetus" arrangement. "Georgiacetus" predated the basilosaurids by nearly three million years; the Georgia Whale was very likely the source of the basilosaurids. In their turn, the basilosaurids led to modern whales.
Postcranium.
"Georgiacetus" had a tail and lacked the fluke present in slightly younger fossils. It probably swam using its hindlimbs by wiggling its hips and moving its trunk up and down, a locomotor behaviour abandoned by modern whales. Whales evolved in South Asia, and it was previously thought that the fluke helped early whales spread across Earth from there, so "Georgiacetus"' presence in America and its legs and tail contradicts this hypothesis.
The right and left hip bones of "Georgiacetus" were recovered though no hind leg or tail material was preserved. The hip bones were relatively large and showed well developed sockets were the legs had attached indicating that "Georgiacetus" had well developed hind legs actively used in some manner and since the hip bones were so much larger than those known from "Basilosaurus", and "Basilosaurus" was a dramatically larger animal than "Georgiacetus", it was cautiously assumed that the hind legs of "Georgiacetus" were much larger, as related to body-size, than the tiny hind legs of "Basilosaurus". Yet the hip bones were not fused to the spine, (neither are those of "Basilosaurus") which suggests that the Georgia whale probably could not support its own weight out of the water.
Paleoenvironment.
Global sea levels were about higher than modern levels when these whales lived. The fossils were discovered inland from the modern coastline. The invertebrate fossils recovered along with the main mass of bones showed that the whale died well off-shore in a shallow, open water environment approximately from the coastline (today Georgia's fall line). These invertebrate fossils also allowed accurate dating of the remains.
Dispersal into North America.
"Georgiacetus" was held as the earliest North American whale until published a paper on "Carolinacetus", a slightly older, more primitive whale than "Georgiacetus", based on a partial skull, mandible, several teeth, ribs and vertebra. An important find in itself, one of the interesting questions the authors asked was how did whales get to North America?
Whales emerged about 52 million years ago in the Tethys Ocean (between present-day India and Asia). It was a warm, fertile shallow sea very much like the one which covered southeastern United States 40 million years ago when whales ("Georgiacetus" & "Carolinacetus") were already present in America. There are two schools of thought on how they got there: one involves a direct, deep water Atlantic crossing, the other involves a polar route northwards up the European coastline, across to Greenland, and southward along the North American coastline. This polar route would not have been a cold water trip as the climate was much warmer then and Greenland was very likely green. Both routes would require long deepwater crossings. Also, as sea levels were much higher at that time, the journey would be longer than it is today.
Whichever route taken, the fact that the journey occurred shows that by the time "Carolinacetus" and "Georgiacetus" lived, whales (which did not yet possess flukes) were already capable of extended deep water activity.

</doc>
<doc id="19293859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293859" title="The Monmouth Journal">
The Monmouth Journal

The Monmouth Journal is a weekly newspaper based in Red Bank, New Jersey.
The newspaper covers nine towns in the northern Monmouth County area, including Red Bank, Middletown, Rumson, Fair Haven, Little Silver, Monmouth Beach, Sea Bright, Highlands and Atlantic Highlands.
The newspaper is owned by The Monmouth Journal, LLC.
The managing editor is Gary Chapman and the general manager is Susan Eckenfelder Paviluk.
Chapman was an educator for many years, ending his career in the public school system of Manasquan as a guidance counselor. He began planning The Monmouth Journal in 2003.
Paviluk worked for both daily and weekly newspapers in graphic design and layout before joining The Monmouth Journal in April 2004, just before its launch in May of that year.
The Monmouth Journal has a weekly distribution of 10,000 copies, nearly doubling the circulation of its closest competitor, The Two River Times.
Distribution.
The Monmouth Journal is a free weekly newspaper that is distributed at 185 locations in the "Two River" area of northern Monmouth County. The Two River area encompasses those towns that border, or are near, the Shrewsbury River and Navesink River.
The area is considered affluent, with Rumson, Monmouth Beach,Fair Haven and Little Silver among the wealthy towns of the region.
The Monmouth Journal does not pretend to cover 20 or 25 towns, like many weekly newspapers in the region do. Instead, it concentrates solely on the nine towns it serves, blanketing those towns with the paper every Friday, and offering its advertisers the best exposure available for a weekly publication in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19293894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293894" title="Pedro Rebolledo">
Pedro Rebolledo

Pedro Rebolledo (born December 17, 1960, in Santiago, Chile), is a former professional tennis player from Chile. He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 36 in 1982. Rebolledo won three career ATP singles titles.
Rebolledo participated in 17 Davis Cup ties for Chile from 1981 to 1992, posting a 19–11 record in singles and a 1–1 record in doubles.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19293913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293913" title="Hogna radiata">
Hogna radiata

Hogna radiata is a species of wolf spider present in South Europe (from the middle of France), north Africa and Central Asia (N. I. Platnick). This species is wandering, hunting smaller insects less than 20% of its own size. Found on grass, parks, and forests.

</doc>
<doc id="19293932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293932" title="Claude Horan">
Claude Horan

Claude Horan (born October 29, 1917) is an American ceramic and glass artist who was born in Long Beach, California. He received a BA from San Jose State University in 1942 BA and an MA degree in art from Ohio State University in 1946. His wife Suzi Pleyte Horan collaborated on many of the larger projects. He was a lifeguard and longboard surfer in Santa Cruz in the late 1930s, and is credited with naming Steamer Lane.
He started the ceramics program at the University of Hawaii at Manoa in 1947. After a sabbatical in 1967 during which he learned glass blowing, Horan established a glass blowing studio at the university in 1968. In 1978, he retired from the University of Hawaii as a professor emeritus. Horan’s students include Toshiko Takaezu, Henry Takemoto, Chiu Huan-tang and Harue Oyama McVay, who became chairman of the ceramics program upon Horan’s retirement.
The Hawaii State Art Museum, the Honolulu Museum of Art and the Division of Ceramics and Glass of the National Museum of American History (Washington, D.C.) are among the public collections holding work by Claude Horan. His sculptures in public places include:

</doc>
<doc id="19293933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293933" title="Thomas Reeve">
Thomas Reeve

Sir Thomas Reeve KC SL PC (1673 – January 19, 1737) was a British justice. He was the son of Richard Reeve, and was matriculated to Trinity College, Oxford in 1688 at the age of 15, joining Inner Temple in 1690. In 1698 he was called to the Bar, migrating to Middle Temple in 1713. He was called to the Inn bench in 1720, and served as treasurer in 1728. In 1717 he became a King's counsel, and in 1722 became attorney-general of the Duchy of Lancaster. He was at this point one of the most prolific barristers in Britain. An analysis of records show that in 1720 he was appearing in more cases than any other barrister in the Court of the King's Bench. He was appointed a judge in the King's Bench on 18 November 1723.
On 17 April 1733, he became a Puisne justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and was created a Serjeant-at-law at the same time to satisfy the minimum requirements for the office. After the death of Sir Robert Eyre in office in 1735 Reeve was rumoured to be succeeding him, but had competition in the form of Alexander Denton, who he had previously succeeded as attorney-general of the Duchy of Lancaster; Denton was rejected on grounds of ill-health, however, and Reeve was promoted on 26 January 1736, and knighted at the same time. He was appointed to the Privy Council shortly after. He died in office within a year on 19 January 1737, and was buried in Temple Church on 28 January. He was at the time of his death very wealthy, including over £22,000 in personal property, as well as land in Berkshire and London; he was apparently courted by Lord Sidney Beauclerk, an infamous fortune-seeker, who hoped to be given a legacy, although without success. He was married to Annabella Topham, whose brother Richard was Keeper of the Records at the Tower of London; Beauclerk later succeeded in getting the estate of Richard in and around Windsor and Old Windsor.

</doc>
<doc id="19293934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293934" title="Chantage">
Chantage

Chantage is a London based chamber choir conducted by James Davey. Drawing singers from all over the country and all walks of life, the choir won the 2006 Radio 3 Choir of the Year competition. 
On 17 January 2009 Chantage backed Mercury Award-winning band Elbow at Abbey Road Studios, London with the BBC Concert Orchestra in a special live performance of their album The Seldom Seen Kid
Described by Norman Lebrecht as "a class act", their album "Hark! Chantage at Christmas" is available on EMI Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="19293945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293945" title="Pine Ridge (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Pine Ridge (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Pine Ridge is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) trolley line. It is officially located at Pine Ridge Drive & Beechwood Road in Springfield, Pennsylvania, however the intersection with Beechwood Road lies north of the station.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania. The station has a shed with a roof where people can go inside when it is raining. It also has free parking and a power station next to the shed. East of this station, the Route 101 line narrows down from two tracks to one as it enters Smedley County Park and goes back to two tracks east of PA Route 420.

</doc>
<doc id="19293988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293988" title="BUX (band)">
BUX (band)

BUX was an American hard rock/boogie rock band that is best known for having lead guitarist Punky Meadows and bassist Mickie Jones both of who joined Angel, and lead singer Ralph Morman who was with the Joe Perry Project from 1979–1980 and Savoy Brown from 1980-1982.
Origins.
James Newlon formed Daddy Warbux, a Cape Cod based outfit in 1967. Under this guise the band consisted of vocalist Sheba Coates, Newlon (known as 'The Wheel'), bassist Jerry Stroup and ex-Fate drummer Tommy Bonriggio. Coates departed in 1972 for a covers act Cortege and former Richie & the Renegades man Bob Leger filled the position. As Daddy Warbux, the band toured America supporting Brits Humble Pie. A later addition to the line up was keyboard player/vocalist Wiley Crawford. Re-billed as BUX the band was signed to Frank Connolly, then Aerosmith manager.
BUX.
BUX was a hard rock band composed of guitarist James Newlon, guitarist Punky Meadows, lead singer Ralph Morman, bassist Mickie Jones, and drummer Rocky Issac. In April 1973, Capitol Records signed the band and rushed them into the studio to record their debut album. Within five months the album was complete, but Capitol chose not to release the recordings because the band split up due to inner-conflicts, therefore unable to tour in support of the album. Meadows and Jones left to form Angel and their debut was released the following year. A few months later the group reformed and once again continued performing the nightclub circuits on the east coast. By late 1975, Angel was in full swing and enjoying national exposure. Capitol, sensing an opportunity to cash in on the band's success in relation to Meadows and Jones being former Bux members, issued the album they had canned two years prior, releasing it in February 1976 under the title "We Came To Play." Though some ardent Angel fans snapped them up eagerly, sales were slow, which has in retrospect been blamed on the record company's mishandling of promotion by not releasing an official single. Lead Vocalist Ralph Morman went on to sing for Joe Perry's first solo album Let the Music Do the Talking, and recorded two albums as lead singer for Savoy Brown in the early 1980's, including that band's highest-charting American single, "Run To Me," in 1981.
Bassist Mickie Jones died in San Dimas, California on 5 September 2009, after a long battle with liver cancer. Jones performed on four Angel albums (Angel, Helluva Band, On Earth As It Is In Heaven, and An Anthology). He toured extensively with the band in the United States for several years. Both Jones and Meadows were asked to join the New York Dolls but declined. After leaving Angel he formed the LA band Empire and was the lead singer. Empire included drummer Steve Riley (LA Guns). Over the years he became interested in film production and would later work in the film industry. Meadows lives in North Carolina as of 2013.
Future Foghat guitarist Erik Cartwright joined the band in early 1974 after Meadows and Jones left. Cartwright is pictured on both the front and back covers of the group's album release, although he did not actually perform on any of the songs, nor is his name listed as one of the players. Superstar producer Jack Douglas produced the Bux album. In recent years, "We Came To Play" has become a highly-sought item for vinyl collectors, and it has thus far not been reissued on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="19294038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294038" title="Dave Jacoby (power lifter)">
Dave Jacoby (power lifter)

Dave Jacoby (born in East Sparta, Ohio) is an American powerlifter. He won five International Powerlifting Federation World Championships in 1984, 1985, 1987, 1988 and 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19294044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294044" title="Issia">
Issia

Issia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19294046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294046" title="Ken Shutt">
Ken Shutt

Ken Shutt (1928-April 2, 2010) was an American sculptor and watercolorist who was born in Long Beach, California. He graduated from Pasadena City College, the Art Center College of Design and the Chouinard Art Institute. He moved to Hawaii in 1963, and lived there until 1995. He returned to California in 1995, to be near his foundry, when he was commissioned to create a bronze sculpture for the entrance of Sea Life Park Hawaii. He died 2010, at age 81, in Atascadero, California.
His best known paintings are watercolors of Hawaii's flora (see image). His sculptures often combine such diverse materials as resin, wood, terrazzo, bronze, and granite. The Honolulu Museum of Art and the Hawaii State Art Museum are among the public collections holding work by Ken Shutt. His sculptures in public places include:

</doc>
<doc id="19294050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294050" title="Multiple-effect distillation">
Multiple-effect distillation

Multiple-effect distillation (MED) is a distillation process often used for sea water desalination. It consists of multiple stages or "effects". In each stage the feed water is heated by steam in tubes. Some of the water evaporates, and this steam flows into the tubes of the next stage, heating and evaporating more water. Each stage essentially reuses the energy from the previous stage.
The tubes can be submerged in the feed water, but more typically the feed water is sprayed on the top of a bank of horizontal tubes, and then drips from tube to tube until it is collected at the bottom of the stage.
Operating principles.
The plant can be seen as a sequence of closed spaces separated by tube walls, with a heat source in one end and a heat sink in the other end. Each space consists of two communicating subspaces, the exterior of the tubes of stage "n" and the interior of the tubes in stage "n"+1. Each space has a lower temperature and pressure than the previous space, and the tube walls have intermediate temperatures between the temperatures of the fluids on each side. The pressure in a space cannot be in equilibrium with the temperatures of the walls of both subspaces. It has an intermediate pressure. Then the pressure is too low or the temperature too high in the first subspace, and the water evaporates. In the second subspace, the pressure is too high or the temperature too low, and the vapor condenses. This carries evaporation energy from the warmer first subspace to the colder second subspace. At the second subspace the energy flows by conduction through the tube walls to the colder next space.
Trade-offs.
The thinner the metal in the tubes and the thinner the layers of liquid on either side of the tube walls, the more efficient is the energy transport from space to space. Introducing more stages between the heat source and sink reduces the temperature difference between the spaces and greatly reduces the heat transport per unit surface of the tubes. The energy supplied is reused more times to evaporate more water, but the process takes more time. The amount of water distilled per stage is directly proportional to the amount of energy transport. If the transport is slowed down, one can increase the surface area per stage, i.e. the number and length of the tubes, at the expense of increased installation cost.
The salt water collected at the bottom of each stage can be sprayed on the tubes in the next stage, since this water has a suitable temperature and pressure near or slightly above the operating temperature and pressure in the next stage. Some of this water will flash into steam as it is released into the next stage at lower pressure than the stage it came from.
The first and last stages need external heating and cooling respectively. The amount of heat removed from the last stage must nearly equal the amount of heat supplied to the first stage. For sea water desalination, even the first and warmest stage is typically operated at a temperature below 70 °C, to avoid scale formation.
The lowest pressure stages need relatively more surface area to achieve the same energy transport across the tube walls. The expense of installing this surface area limits the usefulness of using very low pressures and temperatures in the later stages. Gases dissolved in the feed water may contribute to reducing the pressure differentials if they are allowed to accumulate in the stages.
External feed water must be supplied to the first stage. The tubes of the first stage are heated using an external source of steam or though any other source of heat.
Condensate (fresh water) from all the tubes in all the stages must be pumped out from the respective pressures of the stages to the ambient pressure. The brine collected at the bottom of the last stage must be pumped out since it has substantially lower pressure than the ambient pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="19294082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294082" title="List of Ramsar sites in Ukraine">
List of Ramsar sites in Ukraine

Ukraine has 33 Ramsar sites designated as "Wetlands of International Importance". Ramsar sites in Ukraine have a total surface area of approximately 744,651 hectares. The Ramsar Convention on Wetlands came into effect for Ukraine on December 1, 1991.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19294091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294091" title="Shaun Going">
Shaun Going

Shaun Going is a Canadian construction engineer who was arrested by Serbia in August 2000 and charged with terrorism. An acknowledged power broker with "enormous influence known to bribe and fraternise with other powerful figures in the region, including the Kosovo Liberation Army, he was quickly defended by Canada who insisted on his innocence.
Life.
Going grew up in a family of six children on a ranch near Longview, Alberta. He opened "Going Real Estate", but following the collapse of the Soviet Union and the fall of communism across East Europe, he built a construction company named "Meridian Resources" based in Albania. He was contracted to build the local American embassy, as well as roads and sewers.
Due to his contacts in the country, Going became informally known as "the King of Albania" as he took advantage of the military strife to secure construction contracts, pay off officials and deal directly with both the government and rebel militants. He purchased a former headquarters of the Communist Party of Albania in Tirana, and hired security guards to patrol the grounds with AK-47s, and was frequently accompanied by them even when going into town. In 1997, the building came under attack by locals and was burned to the ground. Going fled to Sakhalin Island and worked in the petroleum industry.
Arrest.
Going returned to Kosovo on August 1 1999. When the United Nations police raided Gani Thaci's house, they found C$375,000 in cash which he claimed was a bribe from Going, who denied the claim and said he'd only paid the KLA commander $90,000.
He was arrested, along with his 19-year old nephew Liam Hall, and British police officers Adrian Prangnell, 41, and John Yore, 31, when a security check found blasting caps and wires in the back of their car. He was charged with training successionists to perform terrorist actions, but eventually released on bail as the charges were downgraded to "military spies". Minister of Foreign Affairs Lloyd Axworthy campaigned Serbia to release the two men.

</doc>
<doc id="19294102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294102" title="Suzuki GSX250FX">
Suzuki GSX250FX

The Suzuki GSX250FX motorcycle (Model prefix: BA-ZR250C, sold 2001-2005) is a rebadged Kawasaki Balius II sold by Suzuki Motor Corporation, Japan. The K1 model (2001) had a 19,000rpm redline (maximum safe engine speed), while the later (K2,K3,K4,K5) had a softer 17,000rpm redline.
Badges.
The only components changed from the Kawasaki were the badges - The earlier K1/K2 had "SUZUKI" on the sides of the tank/top of the tail cowling and "GSX250FX" on the sides of the rear cowling. The later models went to the Suzuki "S" on the side of the tank whilst the rear decals remained the same. Kawasaki references are also on the bike - "Kawasaki Japan" can be found on the wheels and the Kawasaki "K" on the exhaust can.
Specification.
The specification remained virtually the same as the Kawasaki Balius II.

</doc>
<doc id="19294109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294109" title="Athenic-class ocean liner">
Athenic-class ocean liner

The "Athenic"-class ocean liners were a three ship class of ocean liners built by the Harland & Wolff shipyard for the White Star Line in the early 20th century. 
The first ship built was , followed by . Both were launched in 1902. The "Athenic" was launched as a dual purpose cargo/passenger ship. The last ship, , was launched one year later. In the First World War, all three ships were used as troop transports. Their route was from Liverpool to New Zealand. In 1928, the "Athenic" was sold to a Norwegian firm and converted into a whaling ship. The SS "Corinthic" was scrapped in 1931. In the Second World War, the "Athenic" was torpedoed twice and sunk by but later she was raised and returned to her owner. She was scrapped in 1962. In 1934, the "Ionic" was sold to the Shaw, Savill & Albion Line and was scrapped two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19294111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294111" title="Touba, Ivory Coast">
Touba, Ivory Coast

The town of Touba, located between Man and Odienné, is the chief town of Touba Department and a market town known for the stilt dancing which takes place in nearby villages. It is viewed as the capital of the Mahouka people.
The town of Touba is served by Mahana Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19294138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294138" title="Darko Lazović">
Darko Lazović

Darko Lazović (; born 15 September 1990 in Čačak) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a winger for Serbian SuperLiga club Red Star Belgrade. In international competition he competes for Serbia.
At the age of 21, he was recognized as the best young player of the Serbian Superliga for 2011.
Club career.
Borac Čačak.
From the age of six, Lazović began to train in the youth academy of FK Borac Čačak. By the time he played for the junior team, he was attracting the attention of scouts from outside of Čačak. On 2 March 2008, he made his senior debut for Borac Čačak under head coach Milovan Rajevac in a league match against Hajduk Kula. He scored his first competitive goal for Borac Čačak on 22 March 2008 in a Serbian Superliga match against Vojvodina. In February 2009, Lazović trained with the first-team of Tottenham Hotspur F.C. for a couple of days, and by 10 February Borac coach Ljubiša Dmitrović told the press "For all I know, Lazović has been transferred to Tottenham". However, a contract was never signed, and domestic club Red Star Belgrade took the initiative.
Red Star Belgrade.
2009–10 season.
While at Borac, Tottenham Hotspur, Hertha BSC and Red Star Belgrade all showed interest for Lazović. Finally, in June 2009, Lazović signed a four-year contract with Red Star Belgrade. He missed the start of the season due to injury and made his debut in the third round of the championships, on 12 September 2009, against FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac. He came off the bench in the 65th minute to replace Nikola Vasiljević. He scored his first goal for Red Star on 23 September 2009, in the sixteenth Serbian Cup match against Mladost Apatin. Red Star went on to win 6–1 and Lazović scored a brace.
2010–11 season.
Initially, however, he did not got much play time, but upon arrival of coach Robert Prosinečki he got the opportunity to show his skills. In December 2011, he was named as best young player in the Serbian Superliga. He played an important role in Red Star's 2011–12 UEFA Europa League qualifying campaign, as he played some great games which got his team to the play-off round of qualification, where Red Star lost to Stade Rennais.
2011–12 season.
In the semi-final of the 2011-12 Serbian Cup, On 11 April 2012, he scored a goal after a dazzling dribble against eternal rivals Partizan Belgrade, in a game which Red Star won 2–0. That year, Red Star would go on to win the 2012 Serbian Cup Final. On 4 July 2012, Lazović extended his contract with Red Star by three years, to 2015, and ended speculation about his possible transfer to FC Dynamo Moscow or Paris Saint-Germain. Despite Red Star not winning the league, it was a memorable year as for the second year in a row that Red Star pushed to the play-off round of the UEFA Europa League qualifying phase, during which Lazović contributed with assists against FC Naftan Novopolotsk as well as playing solid matches against AC Omonia and FC Girondins de Bordeaux.
2012–13 season.
In the 2012–13 season, Lazović remained in the starting eleven even after the departures of coaches Robert Prosinečki and Aleksandar Janković. Even with the arrival of Ricardo Sá Pinto, Lazović remained unchallenged in Red Star's starting lineup and scored a total of four goals through the regular season. On 18 May 2013 in a match against Partizan, he suffered a season-ending knee injury eight minutes into the game.
International career.
After being called up by coach Radomir Antić, Lazović made his first appearance for Serbia on 14 December 2008, in a friendly match against Poland. He did not play for the national team until four years later when he came in as a substitute in the 76th minute against France during a friendly match on 31 May 2012. On 5 June 2012, during his third game for the senior team, he scored an impressive goal against Sweden which was disallowed by the referee.

</doc>
<doc id="19294159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294159" title="Bush River (British Columbia)">
Bush River (British Columbia)

The Bush River is a tributary of the Columbia River in the Columbia Country of southeastern British Columbia, Canada, entering that river via the Bush Arm of Kinbasket Lake. Named for the dense vegetation lining its banks, its headwaters are at , in the Rocky Mountains. Its former confluence with the Columbia was at , now beneath the waters of Bush Arm; a few miles above the river's new mouth is the confluence of the Valenciennes River. The Bush has also been designated the North Fork Bush River, while the Valenciennes was known as the South Fork Bush River (renamed in 1918); — Bush Pass is at the head of the Valenciennes, rather than the Bush.

</doc>
<doc id="19294162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294162" title="List of Arizona Diamondbacks Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Arizona Diamondbacks Opening Day starting pitchers

The Arizona Diamondbacks are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Phoenix, Arizona. They play in the National League West division. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Diamondbacks have used six different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 15 seasons. The six starters have a combined Opening Day record of six wins, four losses (6–4), and five no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
Randy Johnson holds the Diamondbacks' record for most Opening Day starts with six, and has an Opening Day record of 3–2. Brandon Webb started four Opening Days, and Ian Kennedy has been the Opening Day starter twice. Andy Benes, Javier Vázquez, and Dan Haren have started one Opening Day each. Webb, Haren, and Kennedy habe the best winning percentage as the Opening Day starting pitcher with a record of 1–0 (Webb has three no decisions and Kennedy has one no decision). Benes and Vázquez are tied for the worst Opening Day record, both at 0–1. Webb is Arizona's only pitcher with multiple no-decisions on Opening Day (three), and Johnson is the only pitcher to have won two or more opening games.
Overall, the Diamondbacks have a record of 5–4 at Chase Field on Opening Day, compared to a 4–2 record at away games. The Diamondbacks went on to play in the National League Division Series (NLDS) playoff games in , , , and , winning the National League Championship Series and World Series in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19294168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294168" title="Marko Mugoša">
Marko Mugoša

Marko Mugoša (Cyrillic: Mapкo Mугoшa; born 4 April 1984 in Titograd, former name of Podgorica) is a Montenegrin football midfielder who is currently playing with FK Mogren.
He played with FK Budućnost Podgorica in the beginning of his career, and beside them he also represented FK Borac Čačak in the Serbian SuperLiga. 2010 he moved to Red Star. Same year he was loaned to FK Budućnost Podgorica. 2011 he was loaned to FK Jagodina and FK Novi Pazar.

</doc>
<doc id="19294181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294181" title="Miloš Stojčev">
Miloš Stojčev

Miloš Stojčev (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Стојчев; born 19 January 1987 in Belgrade) is a Serbian-born Montenegrin footballer. He currently plays for FK Sarajevo in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Career.
Europe.
Miloš started playing football in the youth teams of Serbian giants and ex-European champions Red Star Belgrade. In 2006 he joined Serbian Superliga squad of FK Bežanija, another club from the capital Belgrade. The following season he signed for the famous Novi Sad club FK Vojvodina where he had little chances to show all his capacities and played only eight games without scoring a goal. Another Superliga club, FK Borac Čačak, in Central Serbia, was his next challenge. In his first season there he got to be quite an influential player, having played 26 Superliga matches scoring one goal, and having the opportunity to play in the UEFA Cup where his team, after beating FC Dacia Chişinău and Lokomotiv Sofia in the previous rounds, lost to Ajax Amsterdam. While with Borac Čačak he appeared in 58 league matches and scored 2 goals, playing primarily as a left midfielder.
North America.
In February 2011 he went on trial at Sporting Kansas City. After impressing during his trial stint, he was signed by Sporting on 16. March 2011. He made his debut for his new team on 19 March 2011 in their first game of the 2011 MLS season, a 3-2 win over Chivas USA.
Sporting Kansas City waived Stojčev on November 23, 2011
He joined FC Akzhayik for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19294182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294182" title="List of formations in American football">
List of formations in American football

The following is a list of common and historically significant formations in American football. In association football, the formation describes how the players in a team are positioned on the pitch. Different formations can be used depending on whether a team wishes to play more attacking or defensive football.
Offensive formations.
This list is not exhaustive; there are hundreds of different ways to organize a team's players while still remaining within the "7 on the line 4 in the backfield" convention. Still, this list of formations covers enough of the basics that almost every formation can be considered a variant of the ones listed below.
T formation.
The T formation is the precursor to most modern formations, in that it places the quarterback directly under center (in contrast to its main competitor of its day, the single wing, which had the quarterback receiving the ball on the fly).
It consists of three running backs lined up in a row about five yards behind the quarterback, forming the shape of a T. It may feature two tight ends (known as the Power T) or one tight end and a wide receiver (in this case known as a split end). When legendary coach George Halas' Chicago Bears used the T-formation to defeat the Washington Redskins by a score of 73–0 in the 1940 NFL championship game, it marked the end of the Single Wing at nearly all levels of play, as teams, over the course of the 1940s, moved to formations with the quarterback "under center" like the T. George Halas is credited with perfecting the T formation.
One variation of the T-Formation would be where all the runningbacks would be closer than usual, being at fullback depth rather than halfback depth. Another variation of the "balanced T" formation is the so-called "unbalanced T" formation. In this configuration the line of scrimmage has an end and tackle left of center, while to the right of the center are two guards a tackle and an end. This creates a line that is weighted toward the right of the center. With the backfield lining up in the conventional "T" formation behind the center (quarterback, two halfbacks and fullback), the resulting configuration is "unbalanced" due the asymmetry of the placement of the linemen.
I formation.
This is one of the most common formations used at all levels of football. It consists of two backs lined up behind the quarterback, with the back closest to the quarterback being called the fullback and the back behind the fullback called the running back, tailback, or I-back. The two backs line up either in a line (hence the name of the formation since it looks like a letter "I") or with the fullback "offset" to either side. The fourth back is most commonly employed as an extra wide receiver. Here are three diagrams of I-Formation, strong side right (that is, with the tight end lining up to the right, typical for a right-handed quarterback). Notice that the 4th back required by the rules is the set-back wide receiver at the right (called the flanker).
Two other I formation variations include the Maryland I and the Power I. These formations lack a flanker, and use the maximum 3 running backs rather than the standard 2. They are used primarily as running formations. These may employ either tight ends or split ends (wide receivers) or one of each. The Maryland I was developed by Maryland head coach Tom Nugent. More recently, Utah has utilized this formation with quarterback Brian Johnson.
Single set back.
Also known as the "ace" formation, the single set back formation consists of one running back lined up about five yards behind the quarterback. The other 2 backs can either act as extra tight ends or wide receivers. This formation is normally used for a pass play, but can also be good for running, as defenders must move at least one player out of the middle of the field (the "box", between the tackles on the offensive line) to cover the additional wide receiver. In passing situations, this formation (and similar variations) is known as "max protect" as it requires the running back and two tight ends to stay in the vicinity to block an oncoming pass rush and leaves only two wide receivers to catch a pass downfield.
The basic single-back set does not employ a fullback and the addition of the extra flanker. Since he is lined up in the space between the tackle and the split end, he is called the "slot" receiver. This formation may be referred to as "single back, slot left".
A variation of the ace is known as the spread formation. It utilizes 4 wide receivers and no tight ends. In the NFL, this formation was the basis of the Run & Shoot offense that was popular in the 1980s with teams such as the Detroit Lions and the Houston Oilers but has since fallen out of favor as a primary offensive formation.
It is often used as a pass formation, because of the extra wide receivers. It also makes an effective run formation, because it "spreads the field" and forces the defense to respect the pass, thus taking players out of the box. Certain college programs, such as the University of Hawaii and Texas Tech still use it as their primary formation. Brigham Young University also uses the spread offense, although they tend to employ their tight ends more frequently than Hawaii and Texas Tech. Minnesota and TCU are also starting to employ the spread offense.
Joe Gibbs, twice head coach of the Washington Redskins, devised an ace variation that used a setback, or "flexed" tight end known as an H-back. In this formation, the normal tight-end is almost exclusively a blocker, while the H-back is primarily a pass receiver. This formation is often referred to as a "Two Tight End" set. Some teams (like the Indianapolis Colts under Tony Dungy) use this formation with both tight ends on the line and use two flankers. Many other teams in the NFL, even those that don't use this as a primary formation, still run some plays using a variant of this formation.
Pro set.
Also called the "split backs" or "three-end formation", this is similar to the I-formation and has the same variations. The difference is that the two backs are split behind the quarterback instead of being lined up behind him.
Clark Shaughnessy designed the formation from the T Formation in 1949 after acquiring halfback Elroy "Crazy Legs" Hirsch. Shaughnessy thought he would make a great receiver but already had two great receivers in Tom Fears and Bob Shaw. Schaughnessy moved Hirsch to the flanker position behind the right end. Thus started what was known as the three-end formation.
This formation is most often associated with Bill Walsh's San Francisco 49ers teams of the 1980s and his West Coast Offense. It was also the favored formation of the pass-happy BYU Cougars under the tenure of legendary coach LaVell Edwards. A modern example of the "pro-set" can be seen in the Florida State University offense, which favors a Split Backs formation. The Seattle Seahawks under Mike Holmgren also favored this type of formation with the tight end usually being replaced with a third wide receiver.
Single wing.
This archaic formation was popular for most of the first 50 years of modern American football, but it is rare today, except as a novelty. There are many variations of the single wing with really the only common threads being that, first, rather than lining up "under center", the quarterback (actually called a tailback back in the day) is lined up a few yards behind with RBs generally on one side of him. Second, one of the running backs is stationed outside the end, as a wingback (hence the alternate longer name, "single wingback formation").
The most famous version of the Single Wing offense would be Knute Rockne's "Notre Dame Box" that he ran with the Four Horsemen. It contained two tight ends, and 4 backs. The quarterback in this formation (called at the time a "single-wing tailback"), like today's shotgun QB, received the snap on the fly. The other 3 backs lined up on the same side of the QB in various arrangements. Also, the formation often featured an "unbalanced line" where the center (that is, the player who snapped the ball) was not strictly in the "center" of the line, but close to the weakside. The formation was originally designed as a brute-force running formation, since it had 7 players to one side of the center and only 2 on the other. Rockne's innovations with this formation involved using complicated backfield shifts and motion to confuse defenses, and adapting it as a passing formation. The single wing has recently had a renaissance of sorts with high schools; since it is so rare, its sheer novelty can make it successful.
Wildcat formation.
Early in the 2008 season, the Miami Dolphins used a modern variant of the single wing formation known as the Wildcat formation. During the latter part of the 2008 season, and throughout the 2009 season, many different NFL teams instituted their own versions of the Wildcat. Some attribute the origins of the "Wildcat" to Bill Snyder’s Kansas State (whose sports teams are known as the "Wildcats") offense of the late ’90s and early 2000s, which featured a lot of zone read runs by the quarterback. Others attribute the origins to Hugh Wyatt, a Double Wing coach (See Double Wing discussion below).
Both the Snyder and the Wyatt versions were different from the "Wildhog" version used by the University of Arkansas for their versatile running back Darren McFadden. Notably, the Cleveland Browns have used this formation with Josh Cribbs. As of 2011, nearly every NFL team has their own variation of the Wildcat. Ohio State University has also used the wildcat with Ted Ginn Jr. and Daniel "Boom" Herron. Villanova University won the 2009 Division I FCS championship using a multiple offense that incorporated the Wildcat. The University of Alabama employed the wildcat as part of their 2009 BCS championship team's offensive package and continued to use it from 2009-2011 with playmakers Mark Ingram, Trent Richardson, and Marquis Maze (though with Maze it was nicknamed the "bobcat" due to his small stature).
The wildcat formation occasionally has a different nickname from team to team, based on the team name, team mascot name, player name, or the professional player's alma mater, such as:
Double wing.
The double wing, as a formation, is widely acknowledged to have been invented by Glenn "Pop" Warner in 1912. It then was an important formation up to the T formation era. For example, Dutch Meyer at TCU, with quarterback Sammy Baugh, won a college national championship in 1935 with a largely double wing offense.
As a modern offensive system it is widely regarded as the invention of Don Markham, which revolved around the off-tackle power play, power sweep and trap. Markham ran very few plays, but blocked them according to defensive fronts and tendencies. A noticeable difference from the other teams lined up in the double-wing formation was the lack of line splits across the front. The Double Wing is combination of the I, which Markham initially ran the offense from in his earlier days, and the Wing-T 30 Series (Power Series). It is often referred to as the "bastard child of the I and the Wing-T". Breaking numerous state records everywhere Markham coached (and even setting the national high school scoring record) the "Markham Rule" was put into place to keep his team from winning by too many points. He is currently the Head Coach of Compton High School.
With Markham's success came many converts to his offense and many variations of the offense over the years. Perhaps the most well-known of Markham's converts is Hugh Wyatt, who brought more Wing-T to the offense and a greater ability to market the offense. Jerry Valloton also marketed the offense well when he wrote the first book on the offense. Since that time, Tim Murphy, Steve Calande, Jack Greggory, Robert McAdams, and several other coaches have further developed the offense and coaching materials thereof. Their materials may be seen on their respective websites.
The Double Wing is widely used at the youth level, becoming more popular at the high school level and has been used at the college level by none other than Don Markham at American Sports University.
Short Punt formation.
The Short Punt is an older formation popular when scoring was harder and a good punt was an offensive weapon. In times when punting on second and third down was fairly common, teams would line up in the short punt formation and offer the dual threat of punt or pass.
The formation differs in two significant ways from the single wing. It is generally a balanced formation, and there are backs on both sides of the tailback, offering better pass protection. As a result, it was considered a much better passing formation than running, as the premiere running formation was the single wing. That said, it was regarded as a good formation for trap plays.
The formation was used extensively by the Michigan Wolverines in their early history, and was the base formation for the Benny Friedman led New York Giants in 1931. In the 1956 NFL Championship, the Chicago Bears shifted into a short punt formation in the third quarter, after falling way behind.
Shotgun.
The modern descendant of the Single Wing. The quarterback lines up about five yards behind the center, in order to allow a better view of the defense and more time to get a pass off. The shotgun can distribute its 3 other backs and 2 ends any number of ways, but most commonly employs one running back, lined up next to the QB, one tight end and three wide receivers. This formation is most commonly used for passing but the quarterback can also hand it off to a running back or run himself. Some teams use this as their primary formation, such as the New England Patriots and Indianapolis Colts. Most commonly, however, the Shotgun is used in long yardage situations, when the team is playing catch-up or in other obvious passing situations. The Shotgun's invention is credited to Red Hickey, coach of the San Francisco 49ers in 1960. Historically, it was used to great success as a primary formation in the NFL by the Tom Landry-led Dallas Cowboys teams of the 1970s and the 1990s Buffalo Bills teams under Marv Levy, who used a variation known as the K-gun that relied quarterback Jim Kelly. The shotgun offense has become a staple of many college football teams.
Pistol.
This offense was originated by Chris Ault of the University of Nevada. It is essentially a shotgun variation, with the quarterback lined up closer than in standard shotgun (normally 3 to 4 yards behind center), and a running back lined up behind, rather than next to, the QB (normally at 3 to 4 yards behind quarterback).
The Pistol formation adds the dimension of a running game with the halfback being in a singleback position. This has disrupted the timing of some defenses with the way the quarterback hands the ball off to the halfback. This also allows the smaller halfbacks to hide behind the offensive line, causing opposing linebackers and pass-rushing defensive linemen to play more conservatively. The Pistol can also feature the option play. With this offense, the quarterback has the ability to get a better look past the offensive line and at the defense. Pistol formations have gained some popularity in NCAA football, and in fact, variants of this offense were used by the 2007 and 2009 BCS National Champions, LSU and Alabama, respectively.
In 2008, Kansas City Chiefs offensive coordinator Chan Gailey began using the Pistol prominently in their offense, and are the first NFL team to do so. He brought the philosophy with him to the Buffalo Bills in 2010. The San Francisco 49ers added the Pistol to their offense in after former Nevada quarterback Colin Kaepernick became the team's starter.
V formation.
Os Doenges of Oklahoma City University is credited with inventing the offensive V formation, nicknamed "Three dots and a dash" (Morse code for the letter "v"). His Oklahoma City program presented the new offensive formation to great fanfare before losing to the Southwestern Moundbuilders by a score of 7–0.
Wishbone.
An option running formation popular in the 1970s and 80s. A variation of the T-formation invented at the University of Texas at Austin by offensive coordinator Emory Bellard. It consists of three running backs: a fullback lined up directly behind the quarterback, and the two halfbacks split behind the fullback. It can be run with two tight ends, one tight end and one wide receiver, or two wide receivers. It is generally used in rushing play. The wishbone is an option offense, in which the quarterback decides after the snap whether to run, hand off, or pitch the ball. Notable college teams to run the Wishbone include Darrell Royal's Texas Longhorns of the late 1960s, Alabama in the early 1970s, Oklahoma in the late 1970s and early 1980s. As with any hugely successful formation or philosophy, as teams learned how to defend against it, it became much less successful. By 1990, few major programs were using the wishbone.
Flexbone.
A common formation found in colleges and high schools. In this formation, one back (the fullback) lines up behind the quarterback. Both ends are often split wide as wide receivers, though some variations include one or two tight ends. The two remaining backs, called wingbacks or slotbacks, line up behind the line of scrimmage just outside the tackles. This formation is primarily used to run the option, especially the triple option. Often, one of the wingbacks will go in motion in the direction the play is being run in. The United States Air Force Academy (aka Air Force), the United States Naval Academy (Navy) and Georgia Tech are three college football teams that use this formation. This formation was first used by University of Texas coach Darrel Royal in the '60s and '70s. A common result from this formation is a fake to the fullback and then an option to one of the running backs.
Wing T.
A formation similar to the Flexbone, though much older, is known as the "Delaware Wing-T" was created by longtime University of Delaware coach and NCAA Rules Committee chairman David M. Nelson, and perfected by his successor Tubby Raymond. It has become a very popular offense with high schools and small colleges. It was designed at the time to be a mix between the single wing and T-formation. It took the motion and run-strength of the single wing, and the QB-under-center from the T. In this variation, there is only one wing back, with the other back lined up next to the fullback on the opposite side from the wing back. However, the Wing Back may also line up diagonally from the Tight End. He may be used as an extra blocker or a receiver. He may come in motion for running plays.
The Wing T has its roots in what Otto D. Unruh called the "T-Wing" formation and is known to have called the play as early as 1938 with the Bethel Threshers.
Empty backfield.
Also known simply as "Five-wide", a reference to the five wide receivers. In the empty backfield formation, all of the backs play near the line of scrimmage to act as extra wide receivers or tight ends. This is almost exclusively a passing formation used to spread the field, often to open up short inside routes or screen routes. It can also be run with one or two wing backs like the flexbone formation allowing a running game and the ability to run the option. The quarterback can line up either under center or in the shotgun. This formation is becoming more popular in the NFL and college football, with recent successes at Texas Tech University and by the New England Patriots in their record-setting 2007 season.
Goal line formation.
Also called "jumbo", "heavy", "full house" or other similar names. As the name implies, this formation is used exclusively in short-yardage situations, and especially near the goal line. This formation typically has no wide receivers, and often employs 3 tight ends and 2 running backs, or alternately 2 tight ends and 3 running backs. Often, a tight end or full back position is occupied by a player who normally plays offensive line or defensive line positions to act as extra blockers. The Chicago Bears of the mid-1980s famously used defensive tackle William "The Refrigerator" Perry as a full back in this formation. In most cases, it is exclusively a running formation, designed to score by brute force. Some teams have successfully used this formation to pass out of, most famously the New England Patriots, who have used linebacker Mike Vrabel as a tight end to catch touchdown passes in both Super Bowl XXXVIII and Super Bowl XXXIX
Veer formation.
The veer formation is a formation with two halfbacks lined up four and a half yards behind center on opposite sides of the quarterback who is under center. Two wide receivers are split out and a tight end is incorporated on one of the sides. The triple option is run most out of the veer.
Kneel.
A special offensive formation is used at the end of a game, when a team has a lead and simply needs to run out the clock to win the game. The "kneel" or "victory" formation was developed in the 1978 NFL season after The Miracle at the Meadowlands, a botched final play in a game between the New York Giants and the Philadelphia Eagles which resulted in a fumble and a pivotal last-second score. This formation is intended for one purpose: to allow the quarterback to safely down the ball without losing control, preventing the defense from recovering and advancing the ball to the end zone. The formation features several stop-gaps in the event the quarterback does lose the ball: a seven-man line, the quarterback, two upbacks (running backs) immediately behind him, one at each side in the event he fumbles, and a fast player (usually a wide receiver or cornerback) several yards back as a last resort in case the defense recovers and is able to advance the ball.
Both the Giants and Eagles developed similar formations of this design. The Eagles named their version the "Herman Edwards" play after their cornerback who scored the winning touchdown on the above fateful play.
Emory and Henry.
The Emory and Henry formation is an unusual American football formation that dates to the 1950s, where Emory & Henry College's football team used it. Instead of grouping all five ineligible players together, the Emory and Henry groups them, along with the two ends and two slotbacks, in three three-person groups: the center and the guards in the middle of the field, and an end, a tackle and a slotback near each sideline. In general, the formation is rare due to its inherent limitations: the tackles cannot receive forward passes or advance downfield despite their positioning (they can, however, receive lateral passes and participate in end-around plays), and it puts the tackles out of ideal blocking position, subjecting the quarterback to the defense's pass rush and effectively rendering the tackles of little use. The formation has seen limited usage in more recent years, including by coach Steve Spurrier. The formation can also be combined with other formations that feature a single running back and a quarterback in the backfield; one variant, the A-11, combines the Emory and Henry with the wildcat.
Defensive formations.
4–3 defense.
This base defense consists of four defensive linemen, three linebackers, and four defensive backs (two safeties, two corners). Against two-receiver offensive sets, this formation is effective against the run and the pass. In the original 4–3, defensive tackles would line up opposite the offensive guards, and defensive ends on the outside shoulders of the offensive tackles. On passing downs, the Mike (middle linebacker) is often responsible to cover any running backs, the Sam (strong-side linebacker) covers the Tight End, and the Will (weak-side linebacker) either covers a back or blitzes in an attempt to sack the quarterback. Though first used as a base defense by the New York Giants in 1956, plenty of teams experimented with it during the 1950s, and thus there are multiple claimed inventors of this defense. There are several different variations of the 4–3 defense such as the 4-3 under defense, 4-3 over defense, 4-3 umbrella defense, 4-3 swim defense, and 4-3 slide defense.
<br>
6–1 defense.
The original 6-1 was invented by Steve Owen in 1950 as a counter to the powerful passing attack of Paul Brown's Cleveland Browns. It was called the "Umbrella" defense because of the four defensive backs, whose crescent alignment resembled an opened umbrella, and the tactic of allowing the defensive ends to fall back into pass coverage, converting the defense, in Owen's language, from a 6-1-4 into a 4-1-6. If offenses grew wise to the drop back, the ends could pass rush instead. Using this new defense, the Giants defeated the Browns twice in 1950 during the regular season.
It saw use during the 1950s in Owen's hands, but never became a significant base defense. It was functionally replaced by the more versatile 4-3.
3–4 defense.
This is the base defense of some teams. It consists of three defensive linemen, four linebackers, and four defensive backs (two safeties, two corners). The advantage is that while 4 players still usually rush the line, the quarterback can be less sure of which of the 4 linebackers will join the 3 linemen. This formation sacrifices some size (of linemen) for speed (of linebackers), but coaches choosing to utilize this formation as their base defense typically choose larger players in the front 7 to make up for the shortage of size. In this formation, the single tackle usually lines up directly over the "nose" of the ball, and is often called the "nose guard" or "nose tackle". In this formation, the linemen often line up directly in front of the offensive line, while the linebackers "shoot the gaps". There is also a variation of this defense called the 3-4 under defense. This defense is a one gap version of the 3–4 defense.
2–5 defense.
In this variation of the 3–4, known also as the "3–4 eagle", the nose guard is removed from play and in his place is an extra linebacker, who lines up on the line where the nose guard would be, sometimes slightly behind where the nose guard would be. It allows defenses more flexibility in man to man coverages and zone blitzes. It was created by Los Angeles Rams defensive coordinator Fritz Shurmur, and evolved from Buddy Ryan's 46 defense. Shurmur created the defense in part to take advantage of the pass rush abilities of Kevin Greene, a defensive end sized linebacker. The "eagle" in the formation's name comes from the late 1940s-early 1950s Philadelphia Eagles coached by Greasy Neale.
The original Eagle defense was a 5–2 arrangement, with five defensive linemen and two linebackers. In Neale's defense, as in Shurmur's variation, the nose tackle could also drop into pass coverage, thus Shurmur's use of the Eagle defense name.
4–4 defense.
The 4–4 defense consists of four defensive linemen, four linebackers, and three defensive backs (one safety, two corners). Puts "eight men in the box" to stop the run, but it sacrifices deep coverage against the pass, especially if the opponent's receivers are better athletes than the cornerbacks. The formation is popular in high school football as well as smaller collegiate teams. If the opposite team is a good passing team, outside linebackers are usually called on to defend slotbacks.
5-3 defense.
The 5-3 defense consists of five defensive linemen, three linebackers, and three defensive backs (one safety, two corners). It appeared in the early thirties as a response to the improving passing offenses of the time, particularly the T formation. It grew in importance as the 1940s progressed, as it was more effective versus the T than the other standard defense of the time, the 6-2. By 1950, five man lines were standard in the NFL, either the 5-3 or the 5-2 Eagle. As late as the early 1950s, the Cleveland Browns were using a 5-3 as their base defense.
6-2 defense.
The 6-2 defense consists of six defensive linemen, two linebackers, and three defensive backs (one safety, two corners). This was the primary defense in football, at all levels, during the single wing era (the 1930s), combining enough passing defense to handle the passing attacks of the day along with the ability to handle the power running games of the times. As the T formation grew popular in the 1940s, this formation was replaced in the NFL with the 5-3 and the 5-2 defenses.
In colleges, this defensive front has remained viable for a much longer period of time, because colleges, historically, have run a lot more than the NFL. Three common six man fronts seen in this more modern era are the tight six (linebackers over offensive ends, four linemen between linebackers), the wide tackle 6 (linebackers over offensive tackles, two linemen between linebackers) and the split 6 (linebackers over guard-center gap, all linemen outside linebackers).
38 defense (split middle).
38 refers to the positions of the defensive players on the line of scrimmage. Two "3" techniques (DT, lined up outside of the guards) and two "8" techniques (DE, lined up outside of end man on line of scrimmage). The DT's are the only down lineman. Two standup players (Monster and Rover) are in "5" techniques. Two Linebackers are 3 yards off the ball behind the DT's. A combination of the 4–4, 6–2, and the 46, it is designed to stop the run and to confuse offenses. 3 players in the secondary all cover deep thirds. The confusing element is either the "5" techniques or the "8" techniques can rush or drop into the flats. The LB's have hook zones. Each player on the line has a two gap responsibility.
46 defense (forty-six).
This formation was invented by Buddy Ryan, defensive coordinator of the Chicago Bears during the 1980s. Instead of having four linemen and six linebackers (as the name may suggest), it is actually a 4–4 set using 4–3 personnel. This was accomplished by moving a safety up into the "box" instead of a fourth linebacker. The '46' refers not to any lineman/linebacker orientation but was the jersey number of hard hitting strong safety Doug Plank, the player Buddy Ryan first used in this role at Chicago. The other feature of the 46 was the placement of both "outside" linebackers on the same side of the formation, with the defensive line shifted the opposite way with the weak defensive end about 1 to 2 yards outside the weak offensive tackle. This defense was the philosophical equivalent of the "Notre Dame Box" offense devised by Knute Rockne in the 1930s, in that it used an unbalanced field and complex pre-snap motion to confuse the opposing offense. Chicago rode this defense into a 15–1 season in 1985, culminating in a 46–10 win over New England in Super Bowl XX.
5–2 defense.
The 5–2 defense consists of five defensive linemen, two linebackers, and four defensive backs (two corners, two safeties). Historically, this was the first major defense with 4 defensive backs, and was used to combat the passing attacks of the time. A later evolution of the original 5-2 is the Oklahoma 5-2, which ultimately became the professional 3-4. The differences between the Oklahoma 5-2 and the 3-4 are largely semantics.
Nickel formation.
While the original Nickel defense utilized 5 defensive backs in conjunction with a 4 man rush, and but 2 linebackers, modern definition calls any formation that utilizes 5 defensive backs (from nickel = 5 cent piece) a Nickel defense. The Nickel defense originated as an innovation of Philadelphia Eagles defensive coach Jerry Williams in 1960 as a measure to defend star tight end Mike Ditka of the Chicago Bears. The Nickel coverage scheme is often used when the offense is using an additional wide receiver as it matches an extra cornerback against the extra receiver. The extra corner is often called a nickelback. Some variations use an extra strong safety instead of an extra cornerback. Strong safeties are often the more physical of the safeties, often resembling linebackers, so a Nickel with the extra safety can be more effective against the run than one with an extra corner. The Nickel formation comes in several varieties:
There are a couple paths to the 4-2-5. One is by removing a linebacker from the standard 4–3 to add the extra defensive back. The second is by converting the ends of a wide tackle six to safeties (the defensive ends of a wide tackle six already have pass defense responsibilities). A variation is the 2–4–5, which is primarily run by teams that run the 3–4 defense. They replace a defensive tackle with a corner.
The 3–3–5 removes a lineman to the nickelback.
The 33 stack uses an extra strong safety, and "stacks" linebackers and safeties directly behind the defensive linemen.
The 3–5–3 refers to a defense that has three down linemen (the "3" level), three linebackers and two corners (the "5" level), one free safety and 2 strong safeties (the "3" level). This is similar to a 33 stack, but with players more spread. Also called the "umbrella" defense or "3-deep". In this set, the third safety would be referred to as a "weak safety" (WS) and allows two position safeties at the mid-level with a third safety deep. It is because of this that the secondary safety in a football defense is called a free safety rather than a weak safety
Dime formation.
Any defense consisting of six defensive backs. The sixth defensive back is known as the dimeback and this defense is also used in passing situations (particularly when the offense is using four wide receivers). As the extra defensive back in the nickel formation is called the nickel, two nickels gives you a dime, hence the name of the formation.
Quarter and half-dollar formations (prevent defense).
Defense consisting of seven (quarter) or eight (half dollar) defensive backs. The seventh defensive back is often an extra safety, and this defense is used in extreme passing situations (such as to defend against a Hail Mary pass). It is occasionally referred to as the prevent defense because of its use in preventing desperation plays. The cornerbacks and safeties in a prevent defense usually make a point of defending the goal line at the expense of receivers in the middle of the field, thus making the formation susceptible to running plays and short passes.
The quarter formations are run from a 3–1–7 or a 4–0–7 in most instances; the New England Patriots have used an 0–4–7 in some instances with no down linemen. Half dollar defenses are almost always run from a 3–0–8 formation. The eighth defensive back in this case is usually a wide receiver from the offense. The wide receiver can capitalize on interception opportunities in the expected high-risk offensive play.
Unlike other formations, the extra safety is not referred to as a quarterback or halfback (except in Canadian football), to avoid confusion with the offensive positions of the same names, but rather simply as a defensive back or a safety.
Goal line defense.
Defense used on the goal line or in short yardage situations where the entire defense lines up close to the line of scrimmage in an attempt to stop an expected running play. It is usually used to counter a Goal Line offense. Since there is not more than 10–11 yards of field left, the safeties can be pulled for more linemen or linebackers.
However, depending upon the abilities of a particular receiving corps, some defenses may be forced to keep their defensive backs in goal-line situations, weakening their ability to stop the run.
Other variants.
Clearly, the permutations are endless, bound only by the individual and collective abilities of a defensive unit. More extreme formations may be called for when a coach feels that his team is at a particular disadvantage due to personnel matchups. For example, Eric Mangini, former coach of the Cleveland Browns and the former coach of the New York Jets, has employed a scheme that involves 1 defensive lineman and 6 linebackers. Prior to the snap, only the lineman assumes a three-point stance, ready to rush the passer. The 6 linebackers "rove" up and down the line of scrimmage, attempting to confuse the quarterback as to whether they will rush, drop into coverage, or blitz. This defense, combined with poor weather conditions, did serve to improve the Jets' pass rush against the New England Patriots offensive line. Patriots' quarterback Tom Brady was limited to just 14 completions out of 27 attempts, with no touchdowns and one interception during their December 16, 2007 game, but the defense proved ineffective in stopping the Patriots' running attack as the Patriots won.
Special teams formations.
Punting formation.
Punting formations use a five-man offensive line, three "upbacks" (sometimes also referred to as "personal protectors") approximately 3 yards behind the line to act as an additional line of defense, two wide receivers known as "gunners" either to stop the punt returner or to down the ball and the punter, 15 yards behind the line of scrimmage to receive the long snap. The number of upbacks and gunners can vary, and either position can be replaced by a tight end in a "max protect" situation.
Field goal formation.
Most field goals feature nine offensive linemen (seven on the line, both ends in the tight end position, with two extra slightly off the line of scrimmage), a place holder who kneels 7 yards behind the line of scrimmage, and a kicker.
Kickoff formation.
Kickoff formations are usually in a straight line, with ten players (nine if a placeholder is used on the kickoff) lined up across the field several yards behind the ball. Many leagues require that at least four players be on each side of the kicker at the time of a kick; prior to this, an onside kick formation often had all ten of the other players on one side of the kicker. In 2011, the NFL instituted a rule requiring players other than the kicker to line up no more than 5 yards from the ball before the kick. The latter rule was instituted to prevent players from generating the speed expected from a 15-yard runup before the kick, thus potentially reducing the speed and impact of collisions down the field.
Kick return formation.
Kick return formations vary; in most situations, an association football-like formation is used, with eleven players staggered throughout the field including two (rarely, one) kick returners back to field deep kicks, two more twenty yards ahead of them to field squib kicks, two more at about midfield mainly to assist in blocking, and five players located the minimum ten yards from the kicking line. In obvious onside kick formations, more players are moved to the front of the formation, usually top wide receivers and other players who are good at recovering and catching loose balls; this formation is known as the "hands team". A kick returner will usually remain back in the event of an unexpected deep kick in this situation.
To defend punts, the defensive line usually uses a man-on-man system with seven defensive linemen, two cornerbacks, a linebacker and a kick returner. They may choose to attempt to block the punt, or drop back to block for the receiver.

</doc>
<doc id="19294184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294184" title="Franz Limmer">
Franz Limmer

Franz Limmer (October 2, 1808 – January 19, 1857), was an Austrian composer, conductor and musical performer.
He was born in Matzleinsdorf, a suburb of Vienna, and died in Temeswar, the present-day Timişoara in the Banat district of Romania which was then part of Hungary, which in turn was a part of the Habsburg empire.
Life.
Franz Limmer was the only son of a businessman who owned a silk mill in Vienna. His father originally meant for him to take over the business, but as Franz was more interested in music than anything else, he was permitted to choose a musical career. From age 10 he studied the violin and guitar with a teacher named Klein, and when he left school he entered the Vienna Conservatory, where he studied the cello with Josef Hartinger (1811 – 1878) and the clarinet with Joseph Friedlowsky (ca. 1777 – 1859). On his graduation he received a silver honours medal with a portrait of Mozart, with his name and the date engraved on the back. This honour led to his immediate acceptance in the Viennese circle of performers. Encouraged by his success he took up the study of harmony, figured bass, composition and scoring with two teachers, Erasmus Kessler and Ignaz Ritter von Seyfried (1776–1841).
At age 17 he started work on his first Mass, which was performed in the Augustinerkirche before he was 18. This drew attention to him as a composer, and a productive period followed.
In 1834 at age 26 Limmer was invited to accept the post of conductor at the German Theater in Timișoara by its director, Theodor Müller. The theater ran up to 15 opera productions a year, including local premieres of Beethoven's "Fidelio" and Verdi's "Ernani", "Macbeth", "Il Trovatore" and "Othello". He wrote his "Grand Quintuor for piano, violin, viola, violoncello and double bass, op.13" in this period among many other works. A year later he was appointed choir director of the Timișoara Cathedral as the successor of the late Joseph Kratochwill.
Limmer stayed in Timișoara until his death.
Music.
Limmer was not averse to musical innovation. According to the Timișoara journalist and historian Béla Schiff, he conducted a concert of church music by the Cathedral choir with accompaniment by mounted hussars blowing military trumpets on 17 July 1842 on the occasion of the laying of the first brick for a new infantry barracks. Also in less experimental performances he liked to set church music to an accompaniment by winds.
He was an accomplished cellist. His works include a trio for three cellos and a quartet for four cellos besides a string quartet and the piano quintet with double bass.
Works.
Most of Limmer's works have not appeared in print, and he does not appear to have been very prolific.
According to his biographer and personal friend Frigyes Pesty, the following compositions by Limmer were in the Temeswar church archives in 1859:
The following works by Limmer have appeared in print:

</doc>
<doc id="19294200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294200" title="Zoran Antić">
Zoran Antić

Zoran Antić (, born 7 February 1975) is a Serbian footballer. He plays for FK Sloboda Čačak in the Serbian League West.
Born in Gnjilane, SAP Kosovo, SR Serbia, he previously played with FK Hajduk Kula, FK Borac Čačak and FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac in the Serbian SuperLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="19294207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294207" title="Shutt">
Shutt

Shutt may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19294213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294213" title="2008 Dujail bombing">
2008 Dujail bombing

The 12 September 2008 Dujail bombing occurred around 1800 local time (1500 GMT), on 12 September 2008 in Dujail, Salah ad Din Governorate, when a suicide bomber drove and detonated an explosive laden car into a police station killing 31 and injuring 60. A nearby medical clinic was also damaged. The attack occurred at around 6:20 pm local time. The attack was blamed on Al-qaeda by US military, was biggest attack in Iraq in months and came at a time when the violence had fallen to a 4 year low.

</doc>
<doc id="19294221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294221" title="Valenciennes River">
Valenciennes River

The Valenciennes River is a tributary of the Bush River, entering that river just above its mouth into Kinbasket Lake, the reservoir on the Columbia River created by the Mica Dam in southeastern British Columbia, Canada. The Valenciennes was originally known as the South Fork Bush River.

</doc>
<doc id="19294241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294241" title="Miloš Obradović">
Miloš Obradović

Miloš Obradović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилoш Oбpaдoвић; born 30 March 1987) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for FK Novi Pazar.

</doc>
<doc id="19294265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294265" title="2003 BV35">
2003 BV35

(2003 BV35) is an Apollo asteroid discovered on January 29, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.
This asteroid is a Near-Earth object (NEO).

</doc>
<doc id="19294269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294269" title="Cașin Church">
Cașin Church

Cașin Church (), sometimes referred to as Cașin Monastery ("Mănăstirea Cașin"), is a Romanian Orthodox church located in Bucharest, at a large intersection a block away from Arcul de Triumf. It is dedicated to the Archangels Michael and Gabriel.
History.
Plans for the church's construction were made in 1935 by a parish council that included Gheorghe Ionescu-Șișești, a professor at the Agronomic Institute, the writer Vasile Militaru and the architect I. Bălănescu. At Father Dumitru I. Manta's urging, funds for the project were obtained through significant donations from the Ministry of Agriculture and Domains and from monthly subscriptions given by families and institutions. Several donations came from General Ion Antonescu.
Dumitru Ionescu-Berechet, chief architect of the Romanian Patriarchate, won a contest to design the church, to be built on land donated by Bucharest City Hall. The cornerstone was laid in August 1937, and the structure complete in March 1938. Work then stopped but was resumed in 1946-59. The church combines the Brâncovenesc style, with its entrance columns, with Byzantine architecture, as seen in the mosaics, the centred Greek cross plan and the high and spacious interior.
The marble and alabaster iconostasis, with icons in mosaic, was done from 1952-59, following Ionescu-Berechet's plans and with contributions from artists Ion Dimitriu-Bârlad, Constantin Baraschi and Mihai Wagner. Between 1962-71, the walls and floors were covered in 3 m high white and rose marble plates, a balcony for the choir was installed, and large mosaic icons of Murano glass placed at eye level along the walls. Repairs were done in 2002-03, and the domes, formerly copper green, were painted bright green in 2008.
Description.
The church, measuring 42 x 29 m, has three apses, and the highest dome reaches 50 m. Its surface area is 780 m2. The altar apse is semicircular and is surrounded by an open, arched portico. A large polygonal dome rises above the nave; its windows are arched and it has small columns all around. Four smaller octagonal domes of similar design surround the main one. The vestibule features a large arch; in the centre of its exterior there is a large mosaic featuring Michael and Gabriel, surrounded by ornamentation.
Twelve stone steps lead up to an open area outside the entrance, surrounded by five frontal and two side arches supported by pairs of short white marble columns decorated with old Romanian patterns. The outside wall to the left and right of the entrance doors is also plated with marble and, above, decorated with mosaic icons. The doors have bronze bas-reliefs of Michael and Gabriel as well as Saints Peter and Paul.
As usual in Orthodox churches, the inside of the main dome is painted with Christ Pantocrator. The arches and walls of the sanctuary are entirely decorated in Murano glass, a first for Romania. The altar apse, noticeably raised, appears lit in green, in contrast to the white marble with which the iconostasis is plated.

</doc>
<doc id="19294283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294283" title="Nansio">
Nansio

Nansio is a small town and ward on the island of Ukerewe, Lake Victoria, in Tanzania. It is a port of entry for passenger and freight shipping services from Mwanza. The ward of Nansio, one of twenty-four in the district of Ukerewe, had a population of 5967 at the census of August 1, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19294294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294294" title="David Chipp">
David Chipp

David Allan Chipp (6 June 1927 – 10 September 2008) was a British journalist and author. He was a former editor-in-chief of Reuters and the Press Association, and a founding member of the Press Complaints Commission. Chipp was the first resident correspondent for the Reuters news service in China, having been based in Beijing in 1956 and 1958.
Early life.
Chipp was born at Kew Gardens, where his father was an assistant keeper. He attended Malvern College and whilst vising an uncle in Malaya war was declared, so he carried on his education at Geelong Grammar School in Corio, Victoria, Australia. Aged seventeen he returned to Great Britain and in 1944 enlisted in the Middlesex Regiment, he served in the regiment for three years. In 1947 Chipp was demobilised after attaining the rank of Captain. He then went on to attend King's College, Cambridge, where he obtained a degree in history and was captain of college boats
Career.
In 1947 Chipp joined Reuters as a temporary sports sub-editor. Later he was sent to Rangoon, Burma to open a new Reuters bureau there.
In 1960 Chipp was recalled to London and by 1968 he had obtained the position of editor of Reuters. A year later Lord Barnetson asked Chipp to take the position of editor-in-chief of the then ailing Press Association. He succeeded in reversing the PA's decline, was noted for his resolute leadership during an industrial dispute in 1979, and remained as editor-in-chief until his retirement in 1986.
After retirement from the PA from Chipp took up a number of part-time positions including an independent director of "The Observer", a board member of TV-am and Teletext. He also worked for the Reuters Foundation and the Commonwealth Press Union. He would also do the occasional newspaper article and book review.
Leisure pursuits.
Chipp was interested in opera and rowing, he was a member of the Leander Club and a regular spectator and steward at Henley Royal Regatta. 

</doc>
<doc id="19294303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294303" title="Both Sides of the Story">
Both Sides of the Story

"Both Sides of the Story" is a song performed by Phil Collins and released in 1993 as the lead single from the album "Both Sides".
Song history.
The song reached #7 on the UK Singles Chart, but was Collins' first lead single since "Thru These Walls" to not hit the top ten in the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, reaching #25 spot.
Its B-side varied, as copies of the single included either "Always" or "Rad Dudeski".
Music video.
The video, mainly shot in New York, follows the lyrics of the song. The first section cuts between Collins singing and images of a gutter and homeless people. The second section shows Collins inside a house, sitting on the stairs. He watches a married couple arguing, while their children watch. After the chorus, a military unit is shown patrolling a town while children spray-paint the walls. The final section portrays the story of a confrontation with a ghetto kid threatening another man with a gun. (This scene was inspired by the 1991 Lawrence Kasdan film "Grand Canyon".) The video ends with shots of New York and the people, cutting like the first section, again with Collins singing the closing lyrics. 
Due to the length of the video, it didn't receive much airplay on MTV.

</doc>
<doc id="19294306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294306" title="Bush Pass">
Bush Pass

Bush Pass is a mountain pass in the Canadian Rockies, on the border between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia. it is located at the headwaters of the Valenciennes River, formerly known as the South Fork Bush River; the North Fork Bush River is now known as the Bush River.

</doc>
<doc id="19294310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294310" title="We Came to Play">
We Came to Play

We Come to Play was the first and only album released by BUX in 1976. The album was originally recorded in 1973 but Capitol decided not to release it. In 1976, however, when lead guitarist Punky Meadows and bassist Mickie Jones had success with their band Angel, Capitol tried to cash in and finally released "We Come to Play". The album is an interesting affair blending hard rock and the standard boogie band approach with varied results. "White Lightning", which later became a featured cut on Angel's third album, is included here with different lyrics and is interesting for its historical value.

</doc>
<doc id="19294318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294318" title="Dragan Milovanović">
Dragan Milovanović

Dragan Milovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaгaн Mилoвaнoвић ; born March 1, 1986 in Brus) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for Dordoi Bishkek in the Kyrgyzstan League.
In 2014 moved to Kyrgyzstan League side Dordoi Bishkek. He had previously played with FK Obilić, FK Mladi Obilić Beograd, FK Napredak Kruševac and FK Borac Čačak.

</doc>
<doc id="19294343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294343" title="Vladimir Krnjinac">
Vladimir Krnjinac

Vladimir Krnjinac (Serbian Cyrillic: Bлaдимиp Kpњинaц ; born 20 February 1983 in Kruševac) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for FK Mladost Lučani in Serbian First League.
Krnjinac previously played for FK Obilić, FK Smederevo, FK Borac Čačak, Napredak Kruševac and Metalac GM in the Serbian SuperLiga. His father Slavoljub was Napredak´s legendary goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19294368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294368" title="Dragan Dragutinović">
Dragan Dragutinović

Dragan Dragutinović (, born 17 January 1980) is a Serbian footballer playing for FK Sloboda Čačak in the Serbian League West. He is brother of the famous Serbian international footballer Ivica Dragutinović.
Born in Čačak, his previous clubs were FK Borac Čačak, FK Vojvodina and FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac in the Serbian SuperLiga. He later played with FC Okzhetpes in the Kazakhstan Premier League and FK Mladost Lučani in the Serbian First League.

</doc>
<doc id="19294372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294372" title="Blendon and Penhill (ward)">
Blendon and Penhill (ward)

Blendon and Penhill is an electoral ward in the London Borough of Bexley. Representing part of the Old Bexley and Sidcup Parliamentary constituency, three Councillors Patricia Cammish, Graham D’Amiral, and Nick O’Hare were returned at the 2006 local government election.

</doc>
<doc id="19294376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294376" title="East Lancashire Hospitals NHS Trust">
East Lancashire Hospitals NHS Trust

East Lancashire Hospitals NHS Trust is an NHS hospital trust in Lancashire, England. It was formed in 2003 as the result of a locally controversial, cost saving merger of Blackburn Hyndburn and Ribble Valley (BHRV) NHS Trust and Burnley Health Care NHS Trust, first announced in 1999. The trust covers the local government districts of Blackburn with Darwen, Burnley, Pendle, Hyndburn, Rossendale, and Ribble Valley. A total area of , with a population of ()
Hospitals.
The Trust's two major bases are the Royal Blackburn Hospital, and the Burnley General Hospital. The Trust's headquarters and the majority of management is based at the Royal Blackburn Hospital, the larger of the two.
The Trust manages three hospitals:
A fourth hospital, Blackburn Royal Infirmary shut in 2006 as part of a merger of Blackburn's two sites, planned before the trust was formed. A fifth, Rossendale General, was shut down over a 4-year period, finally closing in September 2010.
The Trust also provides services for, and deals with: The Accrington Victoria Hospital, Clitheroe Community Hospital and the Longridge Community Hospital.
Departments.
The Trust operates the following departments:
Emergency services.
The Trust closed the Accident and Emergency department at Burnley General Hospital in November 2007, replacing the department with an Urgent Care Centre, to treat less serious emergencies, whilst more critical cases would have to travel (by ambulance) to the Accident and Emergency department at the Royal Blackburn Hospital. The Royal Blackburn Hospital also has an Urgent Care Centre in a separate building outside its own A&E department.
This has enabled the Accident and Emergency department at Royal Blackburn to concentrate on the more serious cases from across the Trust, for which it is better equipped, with emergency theatres and an Intensive Care Unit. Following this move, a helipad was constructed several metres from the entrance to the Accident and Emergency Department at Blackburn, so some critically ill/injured patients could be airlifted to the department by the North West Air Ambulance.
As is common in these situations, the decision was deeply unpopular with the public of the Burnley and Pendle districts, who were most affected by the change. A campaign to save/return the A&E service was a central issue in local politics. Both the district’s current MPs where elected in 2010 on a platform of support for the campaign. At the end of 2011, Burnley MP Gordon Birtwistle claimed a partial victory, with news of a new £12m emergency unit. However the trust has since stated the project is only about relocating the existing service and that there will be no return of accident and emergency to Burnley.
Hospital refurbishment.
The trust inherited two PFI construction projects from its predecessors, both planned in the 90s. The Blackburn Royal Infirmary (BRI), was decommissioned in the summer of 2006, after a new hospital building was built at the existing Queens Park Hospital (QPH) site in the town, so to merge the two sites into a single hospital for Blackburn. This meant the moving of many departments, and much publicity was made about the moving of the Accident and Emergency department, so to avoid public confusion of the exact time when the A&E at BRI shut, and the A&E at the newly merged Royal Blackburn Hospital site opened. Also at Burnley a smaller scheme known as Phase 5 was underway, intended to provide improved care of the elderly, and dermatology facilities.
Also, much consolidation has come into effect since the merging of the two original trusts. This has involved the closure of many wards and departments at the Burnley General Hospital, with much speculation of the site's belittlement. Despite this, a new building was completed at the Hospital in late 2007 (known as Phase 5). The Trust continues to make major investments on the Burnley site, with £32m development of the Lancashire Women and Newborn Centre and £0.3m fitting ventilation systems in two operating theatres, to undertake additional orthopaedic surgery.
Shuttle buses.
Since the consolidation of many departments, patients have recently been required to attend clinics at a different site from their local hospital. Also, staff frequently move between the Blackburn and Burnley hospitals to go about their work. Because of this, a free shuttle bus has been introduced between sites,
Foundation Trust application.
East Lancashire Hospitals NHS Trust has been attempting to become an NHS Foundation Trust since 2007. Becoming an FT was an important development for the Trust and to survive into the future, the organisation was required to complete a successful application before April 2013, but like many NHS Trusts it failed to meet this deadline.
The chief executive, Mark Brearley, announced he was resigning with immediate effect in December 2013.
Quality of care.
In October 2013 as a result of the Keogh Review the Trust was put into the highest risk category by the Care Quality Commission. It was put into special measures and there were calls for resignations. Concerns centred around the Trust's policy of opening extra beds, or leaving patients on chairs and trolleys, to deal with surges in demand.
In December 2013 it became clear that stroke services at the Royal Blackburn Hospital were under threat. The service which has dealt with 759 patients in the last 12 months has missed a key performance target every month this year for 90% of stroke patients to be admitted to a specialist ward within four hours of arrival. This was achieved in just 47 per cent of cases between April and September this year.
Clinical education.
The trust recently began accepting small numbers of medical students for components of their clinical training. All students allocated to Royal Blackburn Hospital are based either at Royal Preston Hospital or Salford Royal Hospital in Greater Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="19294414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294414" title="Srđan Lukić">
Srđan Lukić

Srđan Lukić (Serbian Cyrillic: Cpђaн Лукић ; born December 1, 1981 in Jagodina) is a Serbian footballer currently playing in Serbian Superliga club FK Jagodina.

</doc>
<doc id="19294422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294422" title="Jagannathrao Joshi">
Jagannathrao Joshi

Jagannathrao Joshi (1920–1991) was an Indian politician and a senior leader of the Bharatiya Jana Sangh (BJS) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). 
He was born in a Kannadiga family at Nargund, Karnataka in 1920. He completed his matriculation from Nutan Marathi Vidyalaya in Pune and graduation in English Hons from Sir Parshurambhau College. Inspired by the ideology of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, he began his political career with the Jana Sangh in Pune. 
Joshi was elected to the Lok Sabha continuously for two terms in 1967 and 1971 from Bhopal and Shajapur constituencies of Madhya Pradesh. Later, he served as a member of the Rajya Sabha from 1978 to 1984. 
One of the tallest national leaders of the Jana Sangh, he actively participated in the Goa Liberation Movement. His contribution to building the BJS and BJP in Karnataka earned him the epithet "Karnataka Kesari" (Lion of Karnataka). 
Joshi died on 15 July 1991 at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="19294426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294426" title="Hubert Lanz">
Hubert Lanz

Karl Hubert Lanz (22 May 1896 – 15 August 1982) was a German Army officer who rose to the rank of "General der Gebirgstruppe" ("General of Mountain Troops") during the Second World War, in which he led units in the Eastern Front and in the Balkans. After the war, he was tried and convicted for several atrocities committed by units under his command in the Balkans. Released in 1951, he joined the liberal Free Democratic Party and served as its adviser on military and security issues.
Early career.
Lanz entered the Army on 20 June 1914, shortly before the outbreak of World War I, as an ensign in the 125th Infantry Regiment based at Stuttgart. He was severely wounded in combat on 9 September, and spent several months in hospital. Upon recovery he returned to the front. He served in the Western Front throughout the war, and ended it with the rank of lieutenant ("Oberleutnant"). He was retained in the reduced post-war Reichswehr, being promoted to captain on 1 February 1928. In the period 1932–1934 he commanded a company in an infantry regiment at Gumbinnen, and was subsequently employed in staff duties, being promoted to lieutenant-colonel and Chief of Staff of IX Army Corps on 1 March 1937. After a period of command of the 100th "Gebirgsjäger" Regiment from November 1937 to August 1938, he assumed the position of Chief of Staff of the "Wehrkreis V".
World War II.
France and Yugoslavia.
On 15 February 1940, he was posted as Chief of Staff for the "XVIII Armeekorps". On 1 October, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his performance in this position during the Battle of France. On 26 October, he assumed command of the "1. Gebirgs-Division", which was earmarked for Operation "Felix", the assault on Gibraltar. With "Felix" cancelled, the division was transferred East, where it took part in the Invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 as part of the 2nd Army.
Eastern Front.
In June 1941, Lanz led his division in the invasion of the Soviet Union. On 30 June, his division conquered Lvov. There, the Germans discovered several thousand bodies of prisoners who had been executed by the NKVD, as they could not be evacuated. As the news spread, a large-scale anti-Jewish pogrom broke out, in which the town's Ukrainian population participated, stirred up in part by German and OUN posters and proclamations calling for revenge against the "Jewish Bolshevik murders".
Lanz continued to command the "1. Gebirgs-Division" during its advance in the Soviet Union, participating in the breakthrough of the Stalin Line and the advance to the Dnjepr and the Mius River. In May 1942, Lanz's division fought in the Second Battle of Kharkov and then participated in the offensive through southern Russia and into the Caucasus (Operation "Edelweiss"). In a symbolic propaganda move, on 21 August, Lanz sent a detachment of his men to raise the German flag on Mount Elbrus. Although the feat was widely publicized by Goebbels, Hitler was furious at this.
Relieved of command on 17 December 1942, he was awarded the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross on the 23rd. Following the collapse of the German front after the Battle of Stalingrad, on 28 January 1943 Lanz was promoted to "General der Gebirgstruppe" and placed in command of the Army Detachment Lanz ("Armeeabteilung Lanz"), a formation made up of various German forces after the collapse of the Italian 8th Army, including the elite troops of the SS Panzer Corps under General Paul Hausser. Lanz was tasked by Hitler to hold the area of Kharkov, even though he was outnumbered by almost 4:1. Following the loss of the city to the advancing Red Army, he was again dismissed on 20 February, although the decision to abandon the city without a fight had been taken by Hausser against Lanz's orders. On 25 June he was appointed provisional commander of "XXXXIX Gebirgskorps" in the Crimea, a post he retained for a month.
Plan to arrest Hitler.
While Lanz was in command of the defence of Kharkov, he, along with his Chief of Staff Hans Speidel (later chief of staff to Erwin Rommel and involved in the 20 July plot) and Colonel von Strachwitz formulated a plan to arrest Hitler during his scheduled visit to Lanz's headquarters at Poltava. To accomplish this, the plotters planned to use von Strachwitz's "Großdeutschland" Panzer regiment to overpower Hitler's SS bodyguard. This "Plan Lanz" was known in certain military circles, including the leadership of Army Group B, and was even communicated to Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. However, on 17 February, when Hitler made his front visit, he chose Manstein's headquarters at Zaporozhye instead of Poltava. The plotters did not have the opportunity to carry their plan out, and Lanz was relieved of his command in the East soon after.
Greece.
Anti-partisan operations in Epirus.
On 9 September 1943, Lanz assumed command of the newly formed (on 20 August) "XXII Gebirgskorps" in Epirus, Greece. The Germans feared an Allied landing in Greece (a belief reinforced by British disinformation measures like "Operation Mincemeat"), and were engaged in continuous anti-partisan sweeps, during which several hundred villages were evacuated and often torched. Collective punishment of entire localities for guerrilla attacks was common, with directives to execute 50 to 100 hostages for each German casualty; only four days before Lanz assumed command, men of the 98th Regiment of "1. Gebirgs-Division" under Lieutenant-Colonel Josef Salminger, an ardent Nazi, had executed 317 civilians in the village of Kommeno.
Lanz himself was often at odds with his new subordinates. A conservative officer of the old school, and a devout Catholic, he had little in common with the energetic and fanatical young officers of the "1. Gebirgs-Division" like Salminger. Lanz was certainly no Nazi, and his involvement with the circles of the 20 July plot was known; after its failure, he was said to sleep with a revolver under his pillow. Despite Lanz's personal misgivings and his clashes with his subordinate, General von Stettner, over the treatment of civilians, reprisals remained a standard tactic: following the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Salminger in a guerrilla ambush in late September, Lanz issued an order demanding "ruthless retaliatory action" in a 20 km area around the place of the ambush. As a result, at least 200 civilians were executed, including 87 in the village of Lingiades alone.
Although these large-scale operations proved to have little permanent effect on the guerrilla groups themselves, the reprisals instilled sufficient terror in the local population to deter cooperation with the guerrillas. Furthermore, in late 1943, pressed by both the Germans and rival leftist ELAS guerrillas, General Napoleon Zervas, the leader of EDES, the dominant guerrilla group in Epirus, reached a tacit agreement with Lanz and restricted his forces' operations against the Germans.
Cephallonia and Corfu massacres.
On 8 September, Italy surrendered to the Allies. This began a race to disarm and intern the Italian garrisons of the Balkans before the Allies could take advantage of it. Lanz was tasked with overcoming the Italian forces in Epirus and the Ionian Islands. In two cases, in Cephallonia and Corfu, the Italians offered resistance. Lanz himself was initially in favour of negotiating the Italian surrender, but in the end followed his orders and stormed these islands. In Cephallonia, the battle raged for a week before the Italians surrendered. After their surrender, and according to a directive from Hitler himself, more than 5,000 Italians were executed by the Germans. Lanz was present in Cephallonia both during the battle and the subsequent massacre. In Corfu, resistance lasted only for a day, but all 280 Italian officers on the island were shot and their bodies were disposed of in the sea, on Lanz's orders.
End of the war.
Following the German retreat from Greece in October 1944, Lanz and his troops moved through the Balkans towards Hungary, where they participated in Operation "Margarethe", and the Austrian Alps, where he surrendered to the US Army on 8 May 1945.
Trial and subsequent life.
Lanz was brought to trial in 1947 in the so-called "Southeast Case" of the Nuremberg Trials, along with other Wehrmacht generals active in the Balkans. The trial was concerned with the atrocities carried out against civilians and POWs in the area. In Lanz's case, the biggest issue was the Cephallonia massacre. However, his defence team was able to cast doubt on the allegations concerning these events, and as the Italians did not present any evidence against him, Lanz was able to convince the court that he had in fact resisted Hitler's directives and that the massacre did not happen. He claimed that the report to Army Group E reporting the execution of 5,000 soldiers had been a ruse employed to deceive the Army command, in order to hide the fact that he had disobeyed the Führer’s orders. He added that fewer than a dozen officers were shot and the rest of the "Acqui" Division was transported to Piraeus through Patras. His defence also falsely claimed that the Italians were under no orders to fight from the War Office in Brindisi, and would therefore have to be regarded as mutineers or "franc-tireurs" who had no right to be treated as POWs under the Geneva conventions.
In the end, Lanz was sentenced to 12 years imprisonment, a comparatively light sentence compared with other commanders involved with operations in the Balkans, like Lothar Rendulic. However, after only three years, on 3 February 1951, he was released. To date, he is the only person to have served a prison sentence for the atrocities committed in Epirus or the Ionian islands.
After his release, Lanz became active in the ranks of the FDP party and served as its adviser on military and security issues. In 1954, he published a book on the history of the "1. Gebirgs-Division". He died in Munich in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19294436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294436" title="Nenad Vasić">
Nenad Vasić

Nenad Vasić (, born July 28, 1979) is a Serbian footballer who plays for FK Radnički Pirot in the Serbian League East.
Born in Trstenik, he played with FK Jagodina and FK Mladost Lučani in the Serbian SuperLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="19294440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294440" title="Goldstream River (Columbia River)">
Goldstream River (Columbia River)

The Goldstream River is a tributary of the Columbia River, joining that stream via the Lake Revelstoke reservoir after running largely west from the heart of the northern Selkirk Mountains. The river's name derives from the Big Bend Gold Rush of 1865, during which it was the scene of busy prospecting and mining activities and as one of the centres of the rush.

</doc>
<doc id="19294452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294452" title="Gananath Obeyesekere">
Gananath Obeyesekere

Gananath Obeyesekere is Emeritus Professor of Anthropology at Princeton University and has done much work in his home country of Sri Lanka. He completed a B.A. in English (1955) at the University of Ceylon, Peradeniya, followed by an M.A. (1958) and Ph.D (1964) at the University of Washington. Before his appointment to Princeton, Obeyesekere held teaching positions at the University of Ceylon, the University of Washington, the University of California, San Diego.
In the 1990s he entered into intellectual debate with Marshall Sahlins over the rationality of indigenous peoples. The debate was carried out through an examination of the details of Captain James Cook's death in the Hawaiian Islands in 1779. At the heart of the debate was how to understand the rationality of indigenous people. Obeyesekere insisted that indigenous people thought in essentially the same way as Westerners and was concerned that any argument otherwise would paint them as "irrational" and "uncivilized". Sahlins, on the other hand, argued that Westerners consider the world in an essentially different way than non-Westerners, and therefore that Sahlins could capture the mindset of the "natives" more accurately than Obeyesekere. 

</doc>
<doc id="19294456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294456" title="Dejan Stamenković">
Dejan Stamenković

Dejan Stamenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Дejaн Cтaмeнкoвић ;born February 14, 1983 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for FK Čukarički Stankom.
He has previously played with FK Železničar Beograd, FK Voždovac, FK Palilulac Beograd, FK Hajduk Beograd, FK Polet Novi Karlovci, FK INON Požarevac and FK Jagodina.

</doc>
<doc id="19294469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294469" title="USS Provo Victory (AK-228)">
USS Provo Victory (AK-228)

USS "Provo Victory" (AK-228) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations through the end of the war, and then returned to the United States for disposal.
Victory built in Richmond, California.
"Provo Victory" (AK–228) was laid down 28 June 1944 by Permanente Metals Corporation #1, Richmond, California, as "S.S. Provo Victory" (MCV hull 537); launched 9 September 1944; acquired by the Navy 18 October, and commissioned 18 October 1944, Lt. Comdr. John E. Johansen in command.
World War II service.
Following shakedown off California, "Provo Victory" (AK–228) reported for duty 8 November 1944. In 1944 she operated at San Francisco, California, in November, and then at Eniwetok, Ulithi, and the Palau Islands from December 1944 into February 1945. 
During the remainder of 1945 her cargo duties took her to Guam and Pearl Harbor in March, Seattle, Washington, in April, Ulithi in May, Leyte from June to October, Eniwetok and Seattle in November.
Post-war decommissioning.
Decommissioned 10 April 1946, she was returned to the War Shipping Administration at Seattle, Washington, that day, and was struck from the Naval Vessel Register 8 May 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19294474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294474" title="TX-2 Tape System">
TX-2 Tape System

The TX-2 Tape System was a magnetic tape data storage technology from the late 1950s. It is the direct ancestor of LINCtape, used on the LINC laboratory computer.
The tape transports used in the system were made as simple and fool-proof as possible, consisting of a read-write head
assembly, two reel drive motors, and a tape guide. The tape system used 10 tracks across a tape on reels.
Maximum reel speed was 920 inches per second (23.4 metres per second). The system used digital speed control based on a clock track on the tape. 
The 10-track head assembly contains five channels; three information, one timing, and one block mark. Each channel consists of two redundantly paired tracks, and the paired tracks are nonadjacent to minimize the effect of contamination on the tape surface.
This redundant track scheme was previously used on the MIT Whirlwind tape system.

</doc>
<doc id="19294482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294482" title="Dragiša Žunić">
Dragiša Žunić

Dragiša Žunić (, born June 29, 1978) is a Serbian footballer playing for Serbian First League club FK Jedinstvo Putevi.
Born in Požega, SR Serbia, he had previously played with FK Mladost Lučani, FK Vojvodina, FK Javor Ivanjica, FK Jagodina and FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac.

</doc>
<doc id="19294496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294496" title="Igor Pavlović (footballer born 1986)">
Igor Pavlović (footballer born 1986)

Igor Pavlović (, born 7 June 1986 in Svetozarevo) is a Serbian footballer.
He won the "Najjači šut Jelen Super lige Srbije" competition in 2009, which goes to the footballer with the greatest shot power in the Jelen SuperLiga.
Career.
Born in Jagodina (formerly known as Svetozarevo), he played with FK Jagodina, FK Napredak Kruševac and FK Novi Pazar in Serbia before moving to Hungarian side Kozármisleny SE in summer 2010. In February 2011, he signed one and a half year contract with KSZO Ostrowiec. Following his spell in Poland, he had a half season spells with Albanian side FK Kukësi, Macedonian FK Pelister, Serbian FK Mačva Šabac and Macedonian FK Sileks. In summer 2013 he returned to Serbia and joined a third tier side OFK Tabane Trgovački, which had just been formed by the merge of OFK Tabane, and the FK Jagodina farm team FK Trgovački Jagodina.
While with FK Pelister, he won the Second Macedonian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19294502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294502" title="Goldstream River (Vancouver Island)">
Goldstream River (Vancouver Island)

The Goldstream River (Saanich: sʔə́ləq̕ʷtəɬ) is a river on southern Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. The river's name derives from a small gold rush in its basin during the 1860s, and was originally Gold Stream.
Course.
The Goldstream River begins at the outlet of Butchart Lake, the first of three reservoirs along the upper reaches of the Goldstream which are within the Greater Victoria Watershed Area. Shortly after exiting Butchart Lake it flows into Lubbe Lake. Shortly after exiting Lubbe Lake the river enters the final and largest of the three lakes, Goldstream Lake. After exiting Goldstream Lake, the river flows southeast until it turns north and enters Goldstream Provincial Park. Just before entering the park, the river receives its first major tributary, Waugh Creek. About halfway through the park, the river tumbles over Goldstream Falls. After the falls it continues north, receiving the its final major tributary, Niagara Creek just before finally entering the Finlayson Arm while still inside the park.
Power generation.
At the turn of the century, the Lubbe Hydroelectric Plant was operated near Goldstream and created electricity by running high pressure drinking water through a turbine. A powerline then ran into Victoria and provided electricity to power the streetcars of the day. The plant still exists but is inaccessible to the public.
December 2010 prank.
On December 29, 2010 fluorescein was dumped in the Goldstream River, likely as a prank. The result was that the waters turned a bright, glowing green. Health officials said the chemical is non-toxic, used primarily to find leaks in septic systems along with various medical applications. Some people may experience allergic reactions. As of January 10, 2011 it was unknown who dumped the chemical. 

</doc>
<doc id="19294517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294517" title="Al Jabalayn">
Al Jabalayn

Al Jabalayn ( also El Jebelein ) is a town in central Sudan lying on the east bank of the River Nile.
It is served by a branch of the Sudan Railways where it is a terminus.
In the 28–29 December 1989 the "Al Jabaylin Massacre" took place in here.
The Government believes that about 150 - 250 were killed while local authorities estimate 4000 people died. The town was once part of the Collo Kingdom, belonging to the Collo people.

</doc>
<doc id="19294519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294519" title="Canadian Travel Show">
Canadian Travel Show

The Canadian Travel Show, a television series first produced for Life Network in 1996, produced 106 episodes that aired in prime time across Canada from 1996 to 2001. In all, 106 half-hour episodes were produced by husband and wife team Matt Murphy and Linda Amor. The series explored the vast country, its people, landscapes, communities and nuances.
It was later carried by Prime TV and the specialty channel's Canadian parent, Global Television.
In its first two seasons, it regularly drew more than 225,000 viewers a week, a minor coup for a travel series on the newly burgeoning specialty television market in Canada.
It ran in syndication until 2004 and was sold in several Asian countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19294525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294525" title="Bc magazine">
Bc magazine

bc magazine was a free bi-weekly English-language arts and entertainment magazine in Hong Kong. It was published between 1994 and 2011 by Carpe Diem Publications Limited, with fresh issues available at bars, restaurants and coffee shops throughout the HK SAR on the first and third Thursdays of each month. At its height, it has a print-run of 40,000 copies. In addition to targeting Hong Kong’s English-speaking 20- to 35-year-old residents, the magazine also provided event updates to tourists, and was once recommended in Lonely Planet’s "Hong Kong & Macau City Guide" as a “highly visual and glossy publication,” useful for its “complete listing of bars and clubs.”
History.
"bc magazine" was founded in 1994 as a monthly magazine by the publication’s current editor-in-chief and publisher, Simon Durrant. Since its inaugural September 1994 issue, the magazine’s print-run has ranged from 60,000 and 40,000 copies.
Availability.
The magazine was distributed free of charge at approximately 700 predominately commercial venues (bars, restaurants, cafes and hotels) throughout Hong Kong Island, Kowloon, and the New Territories[http://www.bcmagazine.net/distribution.html].
Structure.
The 50-page, glossy color magazine usually includes several one- to three-page lifestyle, arts and live music features, in addition to its regular sections. These sections comprise:
Editor’s Bit and Editor’s Diary
The letter from the editor and paragraph-long highlights from major events in Hong Kong during the issue dates.
Features
One- to three-page articles on current lifestyle trends, performance previews, food, interviews with musicians and directors.
Yuan Yang
Short updates on Hong Kong’s newest trends, hypes and products.
Spike Column
Spike’s thoughts and observations on music, technology, current events and everything in between.
Live Music
Approximately five pages of interviews, previews and updates on Hong Kong’s live music scene.
Mando Beat
Club Scene
Includes "Beat ‘n Tracks," a listing of dj gigs, and the "Angel Interview," a chat with prominent local figures in the club and dj industry.
Barfly
Updates on bar- and alcohol-related promotions and events.
bcene
Centerfold of snapshots from nightlife events.
Megabites
Restaurant descriptions and updates, focusing on new openings, trends, seasonal themes.
Listings
An extensive list of film, dance, and theatre events, arranged by day.
Cinema
Reviews, previews, and director interviews of upcoming films.
Sport & Leisure
Listings, previews, and short features on upcoming sporting events.
Macau
Comprises "Macau Diary," paragraph-long descriptions of upcoming events in Macau, and short features on Macau.
Backside
Divided into three sections: “Hi-5,” short street-side, single-question interviews with five random pedestrians; “Findery,” featuring a “cheap, sometimes nasty” product available locally; “Stopwatch,” a visitor’s guide to a particular HK MTR station.
Affiliated Projects.
Apart from the periodical itself, "bc magazine" also provides the following side projects:
The Golden Durian Awards[http://goldendurian.com]
In its sixth year, the Golden Durian highlights the year’s best, worst, and most ridiculous works and personalities of Hong Kong cinema.
bc Unplugged
A monthly music showcase of local acoustic talent, hosted at The Wanch bar and live music venue in Wanchai.
Vision Hong Kong [http://www.bcmagazine.net/hk.bcmagazine.issues/bcmagazine_webissue237/04visionHK.html]
Annual thematic photo contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19294530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294530" title="Miloš Radojević">
Miloš Radojević

Miloš Radojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилoш Paдojeвић ;born July 6, 1986) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for FK INON.
His previous club was FK Jagodina.

</doc>
<doc id="19294537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294537" title="Gustav Brühl">
Gustav Brühl

Gustav Ernst Brühl (June 18, 1871 – 1939) was a German otorhinolaryngologist who was a native of Berlin.
He studied medicine in Freiburg and Berlin. and earned his doctorate in 1894. From 1903 until his retirement in 1933, he taught classes at the University of Berlin, where in 1922 he became an associate professor.
Brühl's best known written work was the highly regarded "Atlas und Grundriss der Ohrenheilkunde", of which he was co-author along with Adam Politzer (1835-1920). In 1902 this book was translated into English by American otologist Seth MacCuen Smith as "Atlas and Epitome of Otology".

</doc>
<doc id="19294542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294542" title="Campbelltown Eagles">
Campbelltown Eagles

Campbelltown Eagles are an Australian semi-professional rugby league team. They currently play in the combined Group 6 Rugby League-Western Suburbs District Rugby League A-grade tournament jointly run by the CRL and NSWRL. The team previously competed in the Bundaberg Red Cup. One of their players is the Portuguese international Ivan Pacho.
History.
The Campbelltown Eagles was first established in 1961 as East Campbelltown. The team was a part of Group 6 Rugby League until the end of 1983 when all Campbelltown sides were required to form the Newtown-Campbelltown League, then the Western Suburbs District League. 2001 was an important year for the Eagles, winning the Minor Premiership, Premiership, Senior Club Champions and Overall Club Champions.
In 2008, the Eagles gained acceptance into the NSWRL Jim Beam Cup. However, the move wouldn't prove fruitful for the club and they left the competition at the end of 2010. The Eagles then would re-join the combined Group 6-Westerns Suburbs District A-grade competition from the start of the 2011 season.
Team emblem and homeground.
East Campbelltown's logo is that of a red and white eagle inside a ring with the words "Campbelltown Eagles R.L.F.C" written on it. This logo is similar to that of NSWRL side, Manly Sea Eagles, with the colours changed to suit the club. The colours of the Eagles' jerseys are also red and white like their emblem. 
The Eagles homeground in Waminda Oval, Campbelltown.

</doc>
<doc id="19294554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294554" title="Bogdan Marjanović">
Bogdan Marjanović

Bogdan Marjanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бoгдaн Mapjaнoвић ; born 3 November 1980 in Ćuprija) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for FK Napredak Kruševac in the Serbian First League.
Career.
Marjanović previously played for FK Zvezdara and FK Jagodina in the Serbian SuperLiga. beside having represented some lower league clubs as FK Srem Sremska Mitrovica, FK Morava Ćuprija, FK Jedinstvo Donja Mutnica and FK Jedinstvo Paraćin. Before coming to FK Napredak Kruševac he played in Montenegrin First League club FK Mornar.

</doc>
<doc id="19294556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294556" title="Mount Edziza volcanic complex">
Mount Edziza volcanic complex

The Mount Edziza volcanic complex is a large and potentially active north-south trending complex volcano in Stikine Country, northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located southeast of the small community of Telegraph Creek. It occupies the southeastern portion of the Tahltan Highland, an upland area of plateau and lower mountain ranges, lying east of the Boundary Ranges and south of the Inklin River, which is the east fork of the Taku River. As a volcanic complex, it consists of many types of volcanoes, including shield volcanoes, calderas, lava domes, stratovolcanoes, and cinder cones.
Most of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex is encompassed within a large provincial park called Mount Edziza Provincial Park. Named after Mount Edziza, this park was established in 1972 to preserve the volcanic and cultural treasures unique to the northern British Columbia area. The Mount Edziza volcanic complex is remote, and, without roads, accessible only along trails. The easiest access is from Highway 37 and a spur road from Dease Lake to Telegraph Creek. From Kinaskan Lake, on Highway 37, a poorly maintained trail extends west for into the heart of the complex. From Telegraph Creek another trail extends east for to the north slope of Mount Edziza.
Geology.
Origins.
The Mount Edziza volcanic complex began forming about 7.5 million years ago and has grown steadily since then. Like other volcanoes in northwestern British Columbia, the Mount Edziza volcanic complex has its origins in continental rifting—a long divergent plate boundary where the lithosphere is being pulled apart. Here, the continental crust of the North American Plate is being stretched at a rate of about per year. This incipient rifting has formed as a result of the Pacific Plate sliding northward along the Queen Charlotte Fault, on its way to the Aleutian Trench, which extends along the southern coastline of Alaska and the adjacent waters of northeastern Siberia off the coast of Kamchatka Peninsula. As the continental crust stretches, the near-surface rocks fracture along steeply dipping cracks parallel to the rift known as faults. Hot basaltic magma rises along these fractures to create passive lava eruptions, known as effusive eruptions.
The rift zone has existed for at least 20 million years, and has created a line of volcanoes called the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province, also called the Stikine Volcanic Belt, stretching from the Alaska-Yukon border to near Prince Rupert, British Columbia. Several presently dormant volcanoes in the province are potentially active, three of them having erupted in the last few hundred years, two witnessed by First Nations and placer miners during the 18th and 19th centuries. The Tseax Cone, which last erupted in the 18th century, is the southernmost historically active volcano in the province, while Prindle Volcano in easternmost-central Alaska, which erupted during the Pleistocene period, is generally considered the northernmost.
Structure.
The Mount Edziza volcanic complex is Canada's second largest volcano of young volcanic activity, with an area of , exceeded only by the Level Mountain Range north of Edziza, which has an area of . Four central volcanoes, known as Armadillo Peak, Spectrum Range, Ice Peak, and Mount Edziza, lie along the northerly trending axis of an oval, composite shield volcano. The composite shield volcano consists of overlapping shields, two of which are clearly noticeable on maps. The composite shield volcano forms a broad lava plateau, long and wide, mainly made of basaltic lava flows; it is dotted with cinder cones and surrounded by steep ridges called escarpments, which expose layers of black columnar basaltic lava flows with distal rock fragments and pyroclastic deposits. More light-coloured magmas of mainly trachyte and comendite with very little aluminum are mainly confined to the four central volcanoes and associated lava dome. The lava plateau is flanked by Klastline River to the north, Mess Creek and larger Stikine River to the west and the Iskut River to the east. Elevations of the lava plateau are with volcanic mountains rising above sea level. Three sections of the lava plateau have official names; these are the Arctic Lake, Big Raven, and Kitsu plateaus. The history of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex includes at least two periods of regional glaciation, when deep ice sheets covered the land, and several lesser advances of mountain glaciers.
Stratovolcano composition.
The steep-sided, symmetrical stratovolcanoes in the region were built by repeated eruptions of thick, slow-moving lava that have commonly flowed only a few kilometres from the vent. Explosive eruptions are often associated with these volcanoes, depositing alternating layers of volcanic ash, cinders, blocks, and globes of molten rock called volcanic bombs or lava bombs, which are added to its slopes to create the stratovolcano. Edziza's stratovolcanoes contain a fine-grained silica-rich volcanic rock called trachyte; they have not erupted for thousands of years, allowing erosion to destroy the original cone, creating craggy ridges and rock outcrops of more resistant materials.
Caldera composition.
Circular calderas in the Mount Edziza volcanic complex were formed as a result of emptying the magma chamber beneath a volcano. If enough magma is erupted, the emptied chamber will not be able to support the weight of the volcanic edifice above it. A roughly circular fracture— a "ring fault"— develops around the edge of the chamber. These ring fractures serve as feeders for fault intrusions that are also known as ring dikes. Secondary volcanic vents form above the ring fracture. As the magma chamber empties, the centre of the volcano within the ring fracture begins to collapse. The collapse may occur as the result of a single cataclysmic eruption, or it may occur in stages as the result of a series of eruptions. These caldera collapses are relatively small compared to most other caldera collapses. The largest caldera at the Mount Edziza volcanic complex is about in diameter while most calderas are at least in diameter. Volcanic eruptions accompanying these collapses produced trachyte and a white, sodic rhyolite called comendite.
Lava dome composition.
Edziza's rounded, steep-sided lava domes were built by eruptions of very thick light-coloured magma, including trachyte. Such magmas are typically too thick to move far from the vent it extrudes from, causing it to solidify quickly and build on previous volcanic extrusions, creating a characteristic dome-like shape. The thickness of the magma is attributed to high levels of silica, a naturally occurring silicon dioxide found in various crystalline and amorphous forms. Edziza's domes reach heights of several hundred metres, and grew slowly and steadily for months to years. The sides of these structures are composed of unstable rock debris. Due to the possibility of the building of gas pressure, the dome can experience more explosive eruptions over time. When part of a lava dome collapses while it still contains molten rock and gases, it can produce a pyroclastic flow, a super-heated mix of gas, ash, and pumice.
Characteristics of lava dome eruptions include shallow, long-period and hybrid seismic activity, which is attributed to excess fluid pressures in the contributing vent chamber. Other characteristics of lava domes include their spherical dome shape, cycles of dome growth over long periods, and sudden onsets of violent explosive activity. The average rate of dome growth may be used as a rough indicator of magma supply, but it shows no systematic relationship to the timing or characteristic of lava dome explosions.
Cinder cone composition.
The steep conical cinder cones of Edziza were formed by lava fountain eruptions, emitting particles and blobs of congealed lava from a single vent. As the gas-charged lava is blown violently into the air, it breaks into small fragments that solidify and fall as cinder around the vent to form a circular or oval cone. Edziza's cinder cones have bowl-shaped craters at their summits and rise more than a hundred metres above their surroundings. Cinder cones are widespread in British Columbia as well as throughout other volcanic terrains of the world.
Eve Cone, a black cinder cone of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex, is one the most famous symmetrical and best preserved cinder cones in Canada, reaching a height of and a topographic prominence of .
Shield volcano composition.
Edziza's shield volcanoes are built almost entirely of fluid lava flows. They formed as a result of lava flowing out in all directions from central summit vents and from groups of vents, building a broad, gently sloping cone of flat, domical shape. They are built up slowly by the accretion of thousands of lava flows of highly fluid basaltic lava, which spread widely over great distances, and then cool as thin, gently dipping sheets. In some shield volcano eruptions, basaltic lava has poured out quietly from fissure vents instead of central vents, flooding the surrounding countryside with lava flow upon lava flow, forming Edziza's broad lava plateau.
Lava plateaus similar to Edziza's can be found elsewhere in North America, including the Snake River Plain in Idaho, and the Columbia River Basalt Group in southeastern Washington, and eastern Oregon, United States; they can also be found in Iceland.
Subglacial mound composition.
Subglacial mounds (SUGM) of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex are an unusual type of subglacial volcano formed when subglacial eruptions began melting overlying glacial ice at a time when this region was covered by glacial ice during the Pleistocene and early Holocene periods. These subglacial eruptions were not hot enough to melt a vertical pipe right through the overlying glacial ice, instead forming mounds of hydrated volcanic rock made up of volcanic fragments called hyaloclastite and lava that solidified into pillow-shaped masses called pillow lava deep beneath the glacial ice field. Once the glaciers had retreated, the subglacial volcanoes would be revealed, with a unique shape as a result of their confinement within glacial ice.
Eruptive history.
The lava domes, calderas, stratovolcanoes, subglacial mounds and cinder cones forming the volcanic complex were constructed in five phases, each of which began with the effusion of dark olivine basalt which formed the flat-lying shield volcanoes and concluded with the eruption of light-coloured magma. This cyclical behavior is attributed to the episodic rise of basic, mantle-derived alkali basalt both to the surface and partly into crustal reservoirs where the light-coloured magmas with very little aluminum were created by prolonged crystal fractionation. The silica-rich trachyte and comendite lavas are similar to those associated with the most violent eruptions on Earth.
Armadillo Peak eruptive period.
The first phase of activity resulted in the creation of Armadillo Peak seven million years ago, today represented by an eroded remnant of a small caldera flanked by steep-sided light-coloured secondary lava domes, including Cartoona Peak, Tadeda Peak, IGC Centre, and Sezill Volcano, and a thick pile of interlayered light-coloured lava flows, pyroclastic flows, air-fall pumice, and epiclastic deposits. It is the most central of the four central volcanoes and its summit is capped by of fine-grained silica-rich trachyte lava flows which were ponded inside the caldera to produce a lava lake six million years ago during its final stage of activity.
Spectrum Range eruptive period.
The second phase of activity began three million years ago, emplacing rhyolitic magma thick and long during a single event of activity. A broad circular lava dome was eventually created called the Spectrum Range. This is the southernmost of the four central volcanoes and is over wide and up to thick on the southwestern flank of Armadillo Peak and north of the Arctic Lake Plateau. Named for its extensive colourful alteration, it overlies a basal shield volcano and contains deeply carved circular valleys displaying portions of massive silica-rich comendite and trachyte lava flows which comprise the lava dome. The deeply carved circular valleys also display the bounding faults of a buried, cogenetic caldera approximately across. More than of rhyolite and trachyte was erupted during the Spectrum Range dome eruptive period, with its activity ending 2,500,000 years ago.
Ice Peak eruptive period.
Ice Peak, high, which overlaps the northern flank of Armadillo Peak, began to form during Edziza's third phase of activity, starting 1,600,000 years ago when the regional Cordilleran Ice Sheet began retreating. It is a stratovolcano that was constructed when large areas of the Edziza lava plateau were free from glacial ice and now enclosed by glacial deposits. However, additional parts of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex were likely still covered by glacial ice. The volcanic activity from Ice Peak during this period produced both basic and intermediate to light-coloured lava flows and pyroclastic rocks which mixed with meltwater to produce debris flows. As Ice Peak began to form, basic lava spread to the flanks of the cone where it formed meltwater lakes and combines with and forms part of the adjacent shield volcano. As lava continued to flow into these meltwater lakes, pillow lava and solidified rubble was created. Many of the lava flows with compositions of trachyte and basalt were however erupted just below the surface of the soil. Continuous volcanic activity eventually made Ice Peak reach an elevation of when three viscous, intermediate, and light-coloured lava flows built up around secondary lava domes parallel with its western side during its final stage of activity 1,500,000 years ago and develops nearly all of the steep, higher flanks of the volcano. These viscous light-coloured lava flows are displayed at two cliffs with broad faces, known as Ornostay Bluff and Koosick Bluff and contain basic rock made of solidified rubble overlain by large fractured lava with massive, poorly established pillars.
Two cinder cones on Ice Peak's southern flank called Camp Hill and Cache Hill and possibly first erupted when glacial ice was still existing on the Edziza lava plateau. As lava flowed into the glacial ice above a vent, pools of meltwater were created. Continuous lava eruptions that flowed into the meltwater pools were cooled and fractured. This fragmental material was interrupted by explosions of steam, water, ash, rock, and volcanic bombs called phreatic eruptions. Camp Hill was eventually developed and over time it grew above water level inside the meltwater lake. Later eruptions produced a pyroclastic cone on top of the original fragmental cone. Cache Hill erupted when nearly all the glacial ice had retreated. The first lava flows from Cache Hill flowed through and dammed a river valley, which eventually ponded to produce a small lake. Subsequent lava flows traveled into the lake to produce pillow lava and solidified rubble. During the long period of Ice Peak activity, high-altitude glaciers developed and melted cutting valleys into the volcano. The current high summit of Ice Peak is a remnant of the western rim of a small summit caldera, which has been nearly destroyed by erosion from high-altitude glaciation. Near the end of Ice Peak activity 1,500,000 years ago, this high-altitude glacial ice combined with the regional ice forming part of the Cordilleran Ice Sheet. It is likely that only the tallest mountains might have been visible over the Cordilleran Ice Sheet which was at least thick. A small volume of intermediate lava was erupted from Ice Peak compared to the other central volcanoes.
Mount Edziza eruptive period.
The fourth phase of activity began one million years ago when the Cordilleran Ice Sheet retreated from the upper flanks of the adjacent lava plateau, creating Mount Edziza proper which is the most northerly of the four central volcanoes. It is a steep-sided stratovolcano and the largest and highest of the peaks that form the volcanic complex with an elevation of , overlapping the northern flank of Ice Peak. The stratovolcano is made up of a fine-grained volcanic rock called trachyte and is associated with several lava domes which were formed by trachyte lava flows and explosive eruptions. Its smooth northern and western flanks, only slightly channeled by erosion, curve up to a circular summit ridge which surrounds a central, ice-filled caldera in diameter. Many glaciers cover Mount Edziza proper, including the Tencho Glacier on its southern flank. Active cirques on the eastern flank have breached the caldera rim, exposing the remnants of numerous lava lakes which ponded in the caldera 900,000 years ago and rest on hydrothermally altered breccia of the main conduit. Piles of pillow lava and hyaloclastite, formed by subglacial eruptions, are found on the flanks of Mount Edziza and nearby Ice Peak, as well as on the surface of the surrounding shield volcano. Pillow Ridge on Edziza's northwest flank was formed when basaltic lava erupted beneath the regional Cordilleran Ice Sheet when it was close to its greatest thickness.
Central volcano flank eruptive period.
The fifth and final phase of eruptive activity occurred from secondary volcanic vents along the flanks of the four central volcanoes starting 10,000 years ago. This phase of activity began at a time when remnants of glacial ice were still present and continued after the glacial period. The initial flank eruptions, quenched by glacial meltwater, formed hyaloclastite tuff rings, whereas later activity created 30 small cinder cones, primarily of basaltic composition, including Mess Lake Cone, Kana Cone, Cinder Cliff, Icefall Cone, Ridge Cone, Williams Cone, Walkout Creek Cone, Moraine Cone, Sidas Cone, Sleet Cone, Storm Cone, Triplex Cone, Twin Cone, Cache Hill, Camp Hill, Cocoa Crater, Coffee Crater, Nahta Cone, Tennena Cone, The Saucer and the well-preserved Eve Cone. These cinder cones were formed no more than the year 700 based on the age of burnt plant stems still rooted in former soil under of loose basaltic fragments. These cinder cones were built on the basaltic fragments and blocky lava fields surrounding the cones. The Snowshoe lava field, on the southern end of the Big Raven Plateau, is one of the areas of young lava flows in the region while the Desolation lava field, on the northern end of the Big Raven Plateau, is the largest area of young lava flows, covering an area of 150 km2. The longest lava flow is . This volcanic activity was followed by at least two younger, but still undated eruptions, including an undated air-fall pumice deposit.
The undated air-fall pumice deposit exists across the southwestern part of the Big Raven Plateau called Sheep Track Pumice or Sheep Track member. Pumice is a light volcanic rock full of air spaces and commonly pale in colour, ranging from white, cream, blue or grey, but can be green or black. The Sheep Track Pumice is mysterious because the vent of its origin is unknown, even though it is estimated from its state of preservation to be younger than 500 years old. This pumice deposit emphasizes one of the significant volcanic hazards linked to the Mount Edziza volcanic complex - the likelihood of a violent explosive eruption. The volcano that produced the pumice might be covered by glacial ice. Collaborators at the University of British Columbia have started work on samples collected from deposits of Sheep Track Pumice.
Current activity.
The Mount Edziza volcanic complex is one of the eleven Canadian volcanoes associated with recent seismic activity: the others are Castle Rock, Mount Garibaldi, Mount Cayley, Hoodoo Mountain, The Volcano, Crow Lagoon, Silverthrone Caldera, Mount Meager, Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field and Nazko Cone. Seismic data suggests that these volcanoes still contain live magma plumbing systems, indicating possible future eruptive activity. Although the available data does not allow a clear conclusion, these observations are further indications that some of Canada's volcanoes are potentially active, and that their associated hazards may be significant. The seismic activity correlates both with some of Canada's most youthful volcanoes, and with long-lived volcanic centres with a history of significant explosive behavior, such as the Mount Edziza volcanic complex.
The most recent volcanic activity at the Mount Edziza volcanic complex have been hot springs, several of which are found on the volcano's western flank, including Elwyn springs (36°C or 97°F), Taweh springs (46°C or 115°F), and inactive springs near Mess Lake. The springs are near the youngest lava fields of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex and are most likely associated with the most recent eruptive activity. These hot springs were highly important to the adjacent Tahltan people.
Hot springs are closely associated with fumaroles, which are vents in an active volcanic area releasing steam and hot gases, such as sulfur dioxide. In general, the water is rotating groundwater that comes into contact with rocks heated by magma and finds openings to the surface. The formation of the springs depends both on the rocks the water has passed through and the profusion of volcanic discharges mixed with the groundwater. Iron oxide, iron sulfides and other substances usually colour pools of boiling mud brilliant yellow, red, brown or green. Hot springs comprising significantly softened silica may deposit it to form siliceous sinter, whereas those comprising softened calcium carbonate deposit spongy-looking calcareous rock called tufa. Overflow of the springs can build masses, spires or stepped terraces of sinter or tufa.
Human history.
Indigenous people.
As early as 10,000 years ago, the Tahltan First Nations people, who now live in Dease Lake, Telegraph Creek and the Iskut, used obsidian from the Mount Edziza volcanic complex to make tools and weapons for trading material. Most of the obsidian occurs at relatively high elevations at about . This is the main source of obsidian found in northwestern British Columbia, which was traded as far away as Alaska and northern Alberta. Obsidian is a type of naturally occurring glass that is highly valued for its cutting qualities and is produced by the rapid cooling of lava. Like all glass and some other types of naturally occurring rocks, obsidian breaks with a characteristic conchoidal fracture, creating razor sharp edges. A knife made of Edziza obsidian, possibly 2,000 years old, has been recovered in the Stikine River area. Two exposed columnar basalt formations exist within the volcanic complex: the Tahltan Eagle at the meeting of the Tahltan and Stikine rivers, and Pipe Organ Mountain. The Tahltan Eagle has significant spiritual and cultural importance to the Tahltan people, while the correct name and cultural significance of Pipe Organ Mountain to the Tahltan people is unknown.
Geologic studies.
This area of long-lived volcanic activity has been studied and mapped in detail for many years by geoscientists. The first detail studying and mapping of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex was accomplished in the early 1970s by a Geological Survey of Canada society led by Canadian scientist Jack Souther. Edziza was a significant study area by Souther. While mapping, Souther looked at a mineral tenure map of Stikine Country and was surprised to see that many of the small cinder cones in the area had been maintained by mineral tenures. Upon investigation, the staking had been completed for the British Columbia Railway, then under construction to Dease Lake. The staking was designed to provide a ready source of weight for the railway bed. The Geological Survey of Canada agreed to support a series of Canada-wide lectures by Jack Souther to establish the Mount Edziza Provincial Park to protect the Mount Edziza volcanic complex. Coincidentally, Jack Souther had an opportunity to examine the Red Dog (Spectrum) property gold veins and he accomplished several section studies of specimens. It was not Souther's intention to include in the park any of the mineralization within near-surface older rocks. However, the British Columbia Ministry of Parks established the Mount Edziza Recreation Area covering on July 27, 1972 as the park proclamation, providing a wide buffer zone around the park area. On March 21, 1989, all but of the recreation area, covering the Spectrum gold property on its margin, was surreptitiously merged with Mount Edziza Provincial Park, almost doubling its size to .
Souther's studies in 1992 highlighted the importance and size of the region, and proposed that numerous subglacial eruptions emplaced lava in a sub-ice or ice-contact environment. More recent studies have worked on Souther's contributions with more detailed studies which are funded by colleges and universities. Since colleges and universities started studying the Mount Edziza volcanic complex, it has been an extremely important volcano for subglacial volcanism because its ice-contact lavas record evidence of ice existence and thickness in an area for which there is very little data on ice conditions before the Illinoian Stage of glaciation, which preceded the last glacial, or "Wisconsin", period. Several areas of possible basaltic and trachytic ice-contact products were studied in detail on the western flank of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex, in order to approve their ice-contact nature, and to eventually better constrain former ice existence and thickness. Its lava plateau has also been an important cultural resource. In 2006, Jeff Hungerford, a student of the University of Pittsburgh in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, United States, focused on fieldwork on the region surrounding Edziza's Tennena Cone, located immediately west of Ice Peak which formed subglacially during the early Holocene period when this area had remnants of glacial ice from the last ice age. Hungerford's studies in 2006 focused on subglacial volcanism, sampling pillow lavas to be used for degassing studies aimed at determining ice thicknesses during a subglacial eruption, and describing coeval glaciogenic sediments immediately underlying pillow lavas at the distal end of the lava flows. Hungerford also worked on describing glaciogenic sediments immediately underlying lava flows from Ice Peak adjacent to Tennena Cone, which may preserve a record of a one million year old ice sheet.
Kristen LaMoreaux, another student of the University of Pittsburgh, focused on the emplacement of trachyte lava flows and domes. In 2006, LaMoreaux analyzed jointing patterns at Ornostay Bluff, a viscous series of trachyte lava flows on the western lava plateau of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex. LaMoreaux also examined trachytic lava flows from Koosick Bluff and Triangle Dome, a trachytic lava dome which last erupted during the Pleistocene period. Other studies by LaMoreaux determined criteria for understanding how lava flow thickness may or may not be an indication that the progress of a lava flow was impeded by an ice barrier, resulting in an unusually thick lava flow.
Chira Endress, a student of Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, United States, focused on a section of glaciogenic sediments immediately beneath the same Ice Peak trachyte lava flow sampled and described by Jeff Hungerford during his 2006 studies. Endress ettempted to determine if the sediments were deposited immediately before the lava flow was emplaced, or if they are likely to be much older. Endress has quantified the mineralogy of clasts and sand-sized particles from samples in the sediment, and has determined that the mineralogy of several of the trachytic clasts is very similar to that in the overlying lava flow, including the minerals clinopyroxene, magnetite, alkali feldspar, and aenigmatite. Endress has also found small lenses of pristine basaltic glass, which could have derived from the Pillow Ridge subglacial mound near Mount Edziza.
Alexander S. Lloyd, a student of Dickinson College, focused on the cooling rates of pillow lavas. Lloyd studied in detail the variation in crystal sizes from the edge pristine pillow lava, which could have derived from nearby Pillow Ridge which last erupted during the Pleistocene period.
Courtney Haynes, another student of Dickinson College, focused on mathematics of the pillow lavas in 2007.
Monitoring.
Currently the Mount Edziza volcanic complex is not monitored closely enough by the Geological Survey of Canada to ascertain how active the volcano's magma system is. The existing network of seismographs has been established to monitor tectonic earthquakes and is too far away to provide a good indication of what is happening beneath the volcanic complex. The network may sense an increase in activity if the volcano becomes very restless, but this may only provide a warning for a large eruption. It might detect activity only once the volcano has started erupting.
A possible way to detect an eruption is studying Edziza's geological history since every volcano has its own pattern of behavior, in terms of its eruption style, magnitude and frequency, so that its future eruption is expected to be similar to its previous eruptions.
While there is a likelihood of Canada being critically affected by local or close by volcanic eruptions argues that some kind of improvement program is required. Benefit-cost thoughts are critical to dealing with natural hazards. However, a benefit-cost examination needs correct data about the hazard types, magnitudes and occurrences. These do not exist for volcanoes in British Columbia or elsewhere in Canada in the detail required.
Other volcanic techniques, such as hazard mapping, displays a volcano's eruptive history in detail and speculates an understanding of the hazardous activity that could possibly be expected in the future. A large volcanic hazard program has never existed within the Geological Survey of Canada. The information has been collected in a lengthy, separate way from the support of several employees, such as volcanologists and other geologic scientists. Current knowledge is best established at Mount Meager in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt of southwestern British Columbia and is likely to rise considerably with a temporary mapping and monitoring project. Knowledge at the Mount Edziza volcanic complex and other volcanoes in the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province is not as established, but certain contributions are being done at least Mount Cayley, another volcano in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt. An intensive program classifiying infrastructural exposure near all young Canadian volcanoes and quick hazard assessments at each individual volcanic edifice associated with recent seismic activity would be in advance and would produce a quick and productive determination of priority areas for further efforts.
The existing network of seismographs to monitor tectonic earthquakes has existed since 1975, although it remained small in population until 1985. Apart from a few short-term seismic monitoring experiments by the Geological Survey of Canada, no volcano monitoring has been accomplished at the Mount Edziza volcanic complex or at other volcanoes in Canada at a level approaching that in other established countries with historically active volcanoes. Active or restless volcanoes are usually monitored using at least three seismographs all within approximately , and frequently within , for better sensitivity of detection and reduced location errors, particularly for earthquake depth. Such monitoring detects the risk of an eruption, offering a forecasting capability which is important to mitigating volcanic risk. Currently the Mount Edziza volcanic complex does not have a seismograph closer than . With increasing distance and declining numbers of seismographs used to indicate seismic activity, the prediction capability is reduced because earthquake location accuracy and depth decreases, and the network becomes less accurate. At carefully monitored volcanoes both the located and noticed events are recorded and surveyed immediately to improve the understanding of a future eruption.
In countries like Canada it is possible that small precursor earthquake swarms might go undetected, particularly if no events were observed; more significant events in larger swarms would be detected but only a minor subdivision of the swarm events would be complex to clarify them with confidence as volcanic in nature, or even associate them with an individual volcanic edifice.

</doc>
<doc id="19294571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294571" title="Danijel Mihajlović">
Danijel Mihajlović

Danijel Mihajlović (, born June 2, 1985 in Varvarin) is a Serbian footballer playing for FK Jagodina.
Statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of 8 December 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="19294573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294573" title="Goldstream, British Columbia">
Goldstream, British Columbia

Goldstream is a neighbourhood of the city of Langford, on the northwest outskirts of Greater Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. 
The community is located just west of Langford Lake and the Trans-Canada Highway and adjacent to the river of the same name, which was the scene of a small gold rush in the 1860s.
At the turn of the century, the Lubbe Hydroelectric Plant was operated near Goldstream and created electricity by running high pressure drinking water through a turbine. A powerline then ran into Victoria and provided electricity to power the streetcars of the day. The plant still exists but is inaccessible to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19294585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294585" title="Borko Milenković">
Borko Milenković

Borko Milenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бopкo Mилeнкoвић ; born July 10, 1984 in Paraćin) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for FK Timok in the Prva liga Srbije.
Career.
Milenković previously played for FK Jagodina in the Serbian SuperLiga after having played for his hometown club FK Jedinstvo Paraćin.

</doc>
<doc id="19294605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294605" title="Point Rock, New York">
Point Rock, New York

Point Rock is a hamlet in the northeastern corner of the town of Lee in Oneida County, New York, United States. It only consists of a few houses and a closed bar now.
Point Rock was named for a point in a rock where point Rock Creek and Fish Creek meet. People settled in Point Rock because of the creek, the forests, and the good land for raising cattle. There were salmon and trout in the creeks. Early settlers shipped them to Fort Stanwix, White's Town, and Fort Schuyler. By 1870 there was a post office, store, tavern, and some homes in Point Rock. In the late 19th century or early 20th century the first Methodist church was built in Point Rock.

</doc>
<doc id="19294606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294606" title="Marko Milić (footballer)">
Marko Milić (footballer)

Marko Milić (Serbian Cyrillic: Mapкo Mилић; born November 6, 1987 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football player. He currently plays for FK Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="19294617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294617" title="Paper Mill Road (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Paper Mill Road (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Paper Mill Road is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) trolley line. It is officially located on Paper Mill Road at Smedley Park in Springfield, Pennsylvania. Smedley County Park is a park named after Samuel L. Smedley, the local founder of the Delaware County Parks and Recreation Board.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania. As part of a major line renovation project in 2010 the shelter at the stop was re-roofed and painted, and a metal bench and platform plantings were added, providing passengers a pleasant waiting area and shelter from the elements. It also has free parking. However these are facilities of Smedley Park, rather than of SEPTA. No elevated platforms exist at this station. Unlike most stops along Route 101 in Springfield, the Paper Mill Road stop is located along a section of single track that takes the line through wooded parkland west from Woodland Avenue to the western limit of the township (the Crum Creek Bridge) and a few hundred yards further into Nether Providence Township. Like station stops at Woodland Avenue, Thomson Road, Springfield Mall, and Bowling Green, passengers enter and leave the trolleys from the side of the single-track line where the shelter stands. At an isolated turnout in wooded Smedley Park in Nether Providence Township west of Paper Mill Road Station and east of Pine Ridge Station, the line again becomes double-tracked for the stretch to the Media town border at Bowling Green Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19294620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294620" title="Miloš Ristanović">
Miloš Ristanović

Miloš Ristanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилoш Pиcтaнoвић ;born November 4, 1982 in Čačak) is a Serbian professional footbller who plays for FK Kolubara in the Serbian First League.

</doc>
<doc id="19294628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294628" title="Ivan Milenković">
Ivan Milenković

Ivan Milenković (), (born 3 July 1983) is a Serbian footballer who plays for FK Sinđelić Niš in the Serbian League East.
Born in Niš, he started in Radnički Niš and played 145 games for the club. In 2007 he moved to FK Jagodina but played only 15 games in two seasons. In 2008 he went to FK Mladi Radnik for a half season. In 2010 he moved to Radnički Niš and had three good seasons. In summer 2013 he moved to FK Sinđelić Niš.

</doc>
<doc id="19294638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294638" title="Saraon">
Saraon

Saraon is a village situated in Rohtas District of Bihar state, India. It is 20 km. from the Dehri-on-Son railway station on the way to Bikramganj via Nasriganj. 
Saraon is the part of Panchgaon (five villages of Saryupareen Brahmins Pandey). Other villages are Hawdih, Virodih, Mangitpur and Sohgi.

</doc>
<doc id="19294643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294643" title="De Pinna">
De Pinna

De Pinna was a men's and women's high end clothier founded in 1885, in New York City, by Alfred De Pinna (1831 - 1915), a Sephardic Jew born in England. They also sold menswear-inspired clothing for women that was finely tailored. The flagship store was located at 642-50 Fifth Avenue and 52nd Street. Alfred De Pinna retired from the company in 1912, and turned operations over to his son, Leo S., who ran the store until his retirement in 1939. In 1950, De Pinna was bought by the Washington, D.C.-based store, Julius Garfinckel & Co. Branch locations operated at Eastchester, New York and Sunrise Center at Fort Lauderdale, Florida. In 1969, the retail conglomerate Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc. closed the unprofitable De Pinna chain.

</doc>
<doc id="19294652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294652" title="Aethusa (disambiguation)">
Aethusa (disambiguation)

Aethusa is a daughter of Poseidon and Alcyone in Greek mythology.
Aethusa may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19294653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294653" title="Kauikeaouli Hale">
Kauikeaouli Hale

Kauikeaouli Hale is a district courthouse for the Island of Oahu in Hawaii.
It is located at 1111 Alakea Street between downtown Honolulu Hawaii and the Hawaii Capital Historic District at .
Its lower floors house the courts of the first circuit, covering the City and County of Honolulu, and upper floors have offices of some support departments of the Hawaii Supreme Court. It is adjacent to the Hawaii State Art Museum.
In the Hawaiian language, "hale" means "house" and Kauikeaouli was the birth name of the Kingdom of Hawaii’s King Kamehameha III (1813–1854). The art displayed at Kauikeaouli Hale includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19294678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294678" title="John Creedon">
John Creedon

John Creedon, also known as "Creedo", is an Irish language enthusiast and veteran broadcaster with RTÉ Radio. Host of "The John Creedon Show", evenings on RTÉ Radio 1, he has also filled in for Dave Fanning on "The Dave Fanning Show".
His profile in Ireland was raised by his participation in and eventual winning of the reality television series, "Fáilte Towers" in August 2008. Creedon has also served as a judge on "The All Ireland Talent Show" on RTÉ One and TG4's "Glór Tíre".
Career.
Creedon's career began with an initial failed audition for a job on RTÉ 2fm but he went on to twice top the Irish Singles Chart with his character, Terence the Cork hairdresser. Terence was a frequent contributor to "The Gerry Ryan Show" in the early 1990s. Creedon won a Jacob's Award in 1992 for his RTÉ Radio 1 morning show, "Risin' Time".
Over the years, Creedon has hosted shows on RTÉ Radio One at various times of the day. "The Creedon Show" (15:30) was replaced by a programme hosted by Ronan Collins in 2006. This change followed new radio chief, Ana Leddy's decision to move him on as part of widespread alterations across the station.
In August 2008 Creedon partook in the reality television series, "Fáilte Towers", a show that saw a group of well-known personalities attempt to run a hotel for a two-week period whilst earning money for charity. Creedon was proclaimed winner of the show on 17 August. Creedon selected Our Lady's Hospital for Sick Children in Crumlin, Dublin as his charity for the show due to heavy personal involvement with the hospital in the past. In 2007, his granddaughter Lucie was born prematurely to his daughter, Katie, who suffered from kidney problems as a child. Lucie died eight and a half weeks later. Commenting on the win, Creedon said: "The big fat guy never wins anything, this is great." After his victory, he presented a show for the RTÉ Concert Orchestra and partook in TG4 series "Faoi Lan Cheoil" where, alongside Oscar-winning actor Jeremy Irons and international and Premier League footballer Andy Reid, he learnt a new musical instrument over six months in preparation for a public performance. Creedon was then a judge on "The All Ireland Talent Show", representing the south of the country alongside Michael Healy-Rae and Sinéad Sheppard. Judge Creedon warned fellow judge Dáithí Ó Sé to stop stealing acts from Munster, alleging that he invaded County Clare in series one and that he would be "answerable to me and to my gang" if he continued to persist. After a short stint presenting Late Date, he was given his own 20:30 weekday music show on RTÉ Radio 1 in 2009.
Critique.
After his turn on "Fáilte Towers", journalist and RTÉ colleague Joe O'Shea described Creedon's personality as being that of "somebody who gives space to others and is not intent on sucking up all of the available on-screen oxygen". In March 2008, it was to Creedon's radio show that befuddled Irish listeners turned when RTÉ shut down its 82-year-old medium wave service. Within hours of the shutdown, they were contacting John Creedon’s RTÉ radio show, "wondering how they could tune in to the newfangled VHF – or “VHI’’, as one gentleman insisted on calling it".
Personal life.
Creedon was raised with eleven siblings. He claimed in a 2008 "Late Late Show" interview that he once worked in a Penneys branch. He previously lived in Goatstown, Dublin, but now resides in a quiet but cosmopolitan district of Cork, on a steep hill overlooking the city centre. He is known for his eclectic musical taste, from local band Fred to The Beatles, Nina Simone, Bruce Springsteen and Van Morrison. His record collection includes albums by Miles Davis and John Coltrane and selections from Americana, Eric Bibb, John Prine and the Handsome Family.
An avid Irish language speaker, Creedon appeared on the first series of "No Béarla", broadcast in 2007. He has spoken to the BBC about his search for his nation's favorite Irish word. He supports his local football club, Cork City F.C., a League of Ireland Premier Division team.
One of Creedon's favourite memories is the visit of Pope John Paul II to Ireland in 1979. He described the Pope "landing that helicopter by himself in Phoenix Park in 1979" as "truly memorable".

</doc>
<doc id="19294682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294682" title="Turn Me Loose (Vince Gill album)">
Turn Me Loose (Vince Gill album)

Turn Me Loose is the debut album of American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1984 on RCA Records. The album produced three chart singles on the "Billboard" country charts in "Victim of Life's Circumstances", "Oh Carolina", and the title track, which respectively reached #40, #38, and #39.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Vince Gill except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19294688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294688" title="Reproof">
Reproof

Reproof may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19294691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294691" title="Nikita Miller">
Nikita Miller

Nikita O'Brien Miller (born 16 May 1982 in St Elizabeth) is a West Indian cricketer who plays international cricket for the West Indies and domestic cricket for Jamaica. He is a slow left-arm orthodox bowler and lower-order batsman. He was the leading wicket taker in the 2007–08 Carib Beer Challenge and in June 2008 he won his first One Day International cap with the West Indies. The following year he made his Test debut for a weakened West Indies team during a contract dispute.
As of June 2013, Miller boasted the lowest First Class bowling average (15.51) of any active player in world cricket. Despite his staggering returns in regional cricket, he has been overlooked by the West Indies selectors in favour of other spinners as Devendra Bishoo (FC Ave: 29.77), Sulieman Benn (27.58) and Veerasammy Permaul (24.36).
Career.
Miller made his debut for Jamaica in the 2004–05 season. He plays for his club side Melbourne in the country's domestic league.
In the 2007–08 Carib Beer Challenge he was the leading wicket taker in the competition, taking 42 wickets in six games. In the final game of the regular season he took 4 wickets for 6 runs against the Windward Islands as Jamaica won to win the league.
In doing so they reached the 2007–08 final, in which they faced Trinidad and Tobago. Having never previously taken a five wickets in innings, Miller took 5 for 29 in the first innings. He followed this with 5 for 92 in the second innings, with Jamaica going on to win by 9 wickets.
Subsequent to end of the West Indies domestic season, Australia toured the Caribbean. Having not been selected for either the Test series or the initial or the first three ODIs, Miller was "surprised" to be one of three new players called up for the final two ODIs in St Kitts. The West Indies had already lost the series 3–0.
He made his West Indian debut on 4 July 2008, his first international wicket coming when he dismissed Michael Clarke lbw. He finished with figures of 1 for 19 as the West Indies lost by 1 run. Two days later, in the final ODI of the series, he took 1 for 38, dismissing Luke Ronchi. He was selected for the 2008 Associates Tri-Series in Canada later that year, and took 3 for 19 against Bermuda, before taking 2 for 18 as the West Indies beat Canada in the final.
Miller made his Test debut on 9 July 2009. He was part of an understrength team fielded by the West Indies against Bangladesh; the 15-man squad included nine uncapped players. Including Miller, seven West Indies players made their debut and the side was captained by Floyd Reifer who had played the last of his four Tests ten years earlier. The first XI had made themselves unavailable due to a pay dispute with the West Indies Cricket Board. In August 2010 Miller was given his first central contract by the WICB, though it was not renewed in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19294695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294695" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 52 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 52 kg

The women's 52 kg judo competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was held on September 7 at the Beijing Workers' Gymnasium. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 pm CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals, and the final were held at 5:00 pm CST.
This event was the second-lightest of the women's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 52 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19294726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294726" title="Bean bag">
Bean bag

A bean bag (also beanbag) is a sealed bag containing dried beans, PVC pellets, expanded polystyrene, or expanded polypropylene with various applications.
Furniture.
Designed by an Italian company named Zanotta in 1969, beanbags have become a globally recognised piece of furniture. The original beanbag chair was called "il sacco" which was a pear-shaped leather bag filled with styrofoam beans and is still in production today. 
Piero Gatti, Cesare Paolini and Franco Teodoro are credited with being the original designers at Zanotta; it's said that they noticed the staff would sit on bags filled with styrofoam during their coffee and cigarette breaks.

</doc>
<doc id="19294750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294750" title="Phylum">
Phylum

In biology, a phylum (; plural: phyla) is a taxonomic rank below kingdom and above class. Traditionally, in botany the term division is used instead of "phylum", although in 1993 the International Botanical Congress accepted the designation "phylum". The kingdom Animalia contains approximately 35 phyla; the kingdom Plantae contains 12 phyla. Current research in phylogenetics is uncovering the relationships between phyla, which are contained in larger clades, like Ecdysozoa and Embryophyta.
General description and familiar examples.
Concepts of animal phyla have changed importantly from their origins in the six Linnaean classes and the four "embranchements" of Georges Cuvier. Haeckel introduced the term "phylum", based on the Greek word "phylon". In plant taxonomy, Eichler (1883) classified all plants into five groups, named divisions. Informally, phyla can be thought of as grouping organisms based on general specialization of body plan. At the most basic level, a phylum can be defined in two ways: as a group of organisms with a certain degree of morphological or developmental similarity (the phenetic definition), or a group of organisms with a certain degree of evolutionary relatedness (the phylogenetic definition). Attempting to define a level of the Linnean hierarchy without referring to (evolutionary) relatedness is an unsatisfactory approach, but the phenetic definition is more useful when addressing questions of a morphological nature—such as how successful different body plans were.
Definition based on genetic relation.
The largest objective measure in the above definitions is the "certain degree"—how unrelated do organisms need to be to be members of different phyla? The minimal requirement is that all organisms in a phylum should be related closely enough for them to be clearly more closely related to one another than to any other group. However, even this is problematic, as the requirement depends on our current knowledge about organisms' relationships: As more data become available, particularly from molecular studies, we are better able to judge the relationships between groups. So phyla can be merged or split if it becomes apparent that they are related to one another or not. For example, the bearded worms were described as a new phylum (the Pogonophora) in the middle of XX century, but molecular work almost half a century later found them as a group of annelids and merged the phyla, so that the bearded worms are now an annelid family. Likewise, the highly parasitic phylum Mesozoa was divided into two phyla Orthonectida and Rhombozoa, when it was discovered the Orthonectida are probably deuterostomes and the Rhombozoa protostomes.
This changeability of phyla has led some biologists to call for the concept of a phylum to be abandoned in favour of cladistics, a method in which groups are placed on a "family tree" without any formal ranking of group size. So as to provide a handle on the size and significance of groups, a "body-plan" based definition of a phylum has been proposed by paleontologists Graham Budd and Sören Jensen. The definition was posited by paleontologists because extinct organisms are typically hardest to classify; they can be off-shoots that diverged from a phylum's line before the characters that define the modern phylum were all acquired.
Definition based on body plan.
By Budd and Jensen's definition, phyla are defined by a set of characters shared by all their living representatives. This has a couple of small problems—for instance, characters common to most members of a phylum may be secondarily lost by some members. It is also defined based on an arbitrary point of time (the present). However, as it is character based, it is easy to apply to the fossil record. A more major problem is that it relies on an objective decision of which group of organisms should be considered a phylum.
Its utility is that it makes it easy to classify extinct organisms as "stem groups" to the phyla with which they bear the most resemblance, based only on the taxonomically important similarities. However, proving that a fossil belongs to the crown group of a phylum is difficult, as it must display a character unique to a sub-set of the crown group.
Furthermore, organisms in the stem group of a phylum can possess the "body plan" of the phylum without all the characteristics necessary to fall within it. This weakens the idea that each of the phyla represents a distinct body plan.
Based upon this definition, which some say is unreasonably affected by the chance survival of rare groups, which vastly increase the size of phyla, representatives of many modern phyla did not appear until long "after" the Cambrian.
Lists.
Plant divisions.
Divisions into which living (extant) plants may be placed are shown in the table below. The classification of plants at this level varies from source to source. Thus some sources place horsetails in division Arthrophyta and ferns in division Pteridophyta, while others place them both in Pteridophyta, as shown below. The division Pinophyta may be used for all gymnosperms (i.e. including cycads, ginkgos and gnetophytes), or for conifers alone as below.
Since the first publication of the APG system in 1998, which proposed a classification of angiosperms to the level of orders, many sources have preferred to treat ranks higher than orders as informal clades. Where formal ranks have been provided, the traditional divisions listed below have been reduced to a very much lower level, e.g. subclasses.
Bacterial Phyla/Divisions.
Currently there are 29 phyla accepted by LPSN

</doc>
<doc id="19294769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294769" title="Hotarumachi">
Hotarumachi


</doc>
<doc id="19294774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294774" title="The Things That Matter">
The Things That Matter

The Things That Matter is the second album released by American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1985 on RCA Records. Its lead-off single, "True Love", reached #32 on the "Billboard" country charts. This song was followed by "If It Weren't for Him" (a duet with Rosanne Cash) at #10, and "Oklahoma Borderline" at #9. The Cash duet was also Gill's first Top Ten country hit. "With You" was the final single, peaking at #33.
Some vinyl pressings of the album mistakenly contained side one of John Denver's album "Dreamland Express", also released in 1985 by the same label.
Track listing.
All songs written by Vince Gill except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19294798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294798" title="Registered trademark symbol">
Registered trademark symbol

The registered trademark symbol, designated by ® (the circled capital letter "R"), is a symbol that provides notice that the preceding word or symbol is a trademark or service mark that has been registered with a national trademark office. In some countries it is against the law to use the registered trademark symbol for a mark that is not officially registered in any country. 
Trademarks not officially registered can instead be marked with the trademark symbol ™, while unregistered service marks are marked with the service mark symbol ℠. The proper manner to display these symbols is immediately following the mark, and is commonly in superscript style but is not legally required.
Computer usage.
The registered trademark character has a standardized representation in most computer systems. It is mapped in Unicode as . The registered trademark symbol ® is distinct, in computer representation, from the similar character 
Because the ® symbol has not commonly been available on typewriters and ASCII-based computer systems, it has been common to approximate this symbol with the characters (R) (or (r)); for example, the Python programming language Trademark Usage Policy advocates this usage. However, these forms do not have legal force. Example of legal equivalents are the phrase "Registered, U.S. Patent and Trademark Office", which may be abbreviated to "Reg U.S. Pat & TM Off.", in the U.S., and the letters "RTM" in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19294809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294809" title="Eddie Yuhas">
Eddie Yuhas

John Edward Yuhas (born August 5, 1924 in Youngstown, Ohio) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He appeared in two seasons in Major League Baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1952-53. He batted and threw right-handed during his baseball career.
Professional career.
Early years.
Yuhas was signed by the New York Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1942. The New York Yankees traded him to the Cardinals in 1943 in an unknown transaction. After missing several seasons during World War II, he returned in 1947, pitching in the minor leagues for five seasons.
Major leagues.
In 1952, Yuhas made his major league debut with the Cardinals at age 27. In 1952, Yuhas went on to go 12-2, with a 2.72 earned run average. Yuhas led the Cardinals in 1952 with Won-Loss % (.857), games (54), and wild pitches (4). Yuhas' win-loss percentage was also the best in the National League, while his appearances placed him third. In the games category, Yuhas was only behind Joe Black (56), and future Hall of Fame inductee Hoyt Wilhelm. The Cardinals went on to record an 88-66 record in the National League, finishing third in the standings.
In 1953, however, Yuhas only appeared in only 2 games. In one inning, Yuhas had an 18.00 era, with three hits and two earned runs given up before suffering an arm injury that kept him out the rest of the season. With Yuhas out of action, the 1953 Cardinals fell to an 83-71 record. They did, however, maintain third place in the standings.
Yuhas never recovered from his arm trouble, having played in his last game on April 28 of 1953. At the time of his retirement Yuhas had a 12-2 record, a 2.72 ERA, 35 walks, and 39 strikeouts. Yuhas was 4 for 21 hitting, with a lifetime batting average of .190. His lifetime fielding percentage was .947.

</doc>
<doc id="19294812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294812" title="1990–91 Yugoslav Cup">
1990–91 Yugoslav Cup

The 1990-91 Cup of Yugoslavia was the second last season of SFR Yugoslavia's football knockout competition. It was the last season that the cup was also known as the Marshal Tito Cup. It was also the last season in which Croatian and Slovenian teams participated, as the two countries seceded from Yugoslavia in 1991. Croatia's Hajduk Split beat Crvena Zvezda 1-0 to win the cup. 
As Croatia seceded from Yugoslavia, Hajduk's Igor Štimac said, "This trophy will forever stay with us, because I believe that the Cup of Yugoslavia will never be played again." The trophy was never returned to the Football Association of Yugoslavia.
First round.
In the following tables winning teams are marked in bold; teams from outside top level are marked in "italic" script.

</doc>
<doc id="19294819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294819" title="Justin McCarthy">
Justin McCarthy

Justin McCarthy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19294822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294822" title="Costa Rica at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Costa Rica at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Costa Rica sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. The delegation consisted of two competitors, both table tennis players.

</doc>
<doc id="19294824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294824" title="Mongolia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Mongolia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Mongolia sent 6 athletes to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. 
Medalists.
The country won one medal, a gold. It was Mongolia's first ever Paralympic medal.
Competitors.
Men.
G. Munkhbat and N. Badral were scheduled to compete, but didn't because of health reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19294845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294845" title="The Way Back Home">
The Way Back Home

The Way Back Home is the third studio album by the American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1987 on RCA Records and it produced four chart singles on the "Billboard" country charts. In order of release, these were "Cinderella" (#5), "Let's Do Something (#16), "Everybody's Sweetheart" (#11) and "The Radio" (#39). After the final single, Gill leftd RCA's roster in favor of MCA Nashville, where in 1989 he released his fourth album, "When I Call Your Name".

</doc>
<doc id="19294852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294852" title="Gabon at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Gabon at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Gabon sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. It was Gabon's first participation in the Paralympic Games.
The country was represented solely by wheelchair athlete Thierry Mabicka, in track and field. Mabicka entered two events: the 800m race (T54 category), and the javelin (F57/58). In the former, he was disqualified, apparently "for attempting to race others with a non-racing wheelchair". In the latter, he finished last of fourteen, his throw of 11.72m earning him 302 points. 

</doc>
<doc id="19294879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294879" title="Trademark symbol">
Trademark symbol

The trademark symbol (™), in Unicode , \texttrademark in LaTeX, is a symbol used to indicate an assertion that the preceding mark is a trademark. It is usually used for unregistered trademarks, as opposed to the registered trademark symbol (®) which is reserved for registered trademarks.
Use of the symbol.
Use of the symbol indicates an assertion that a word, image, or other sign is a trademark; it does not indicate registration. Registered trademarks are indicated using the registered trademark symbol (®), and in some jurisdictions it is unlawful or illegal to use the ® symbol with a mark which has not been registered.
Trademarks versus service marks.
There is a specific symbol (℠) to indicate the assertion of a service mark (a trademark for the provision of services). The service mark symbol is less commonly used than the trademark symbol, especially outside of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19294944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294944" title="What Life Would Be Like">
What Life Would Be Like

What Life Would Be Like is the fifth studio album by the Mobile, Alabama based CCM/Christian rock band Big Daddy Weave. It was released on July 22, 2008. This album charted on the following "Billboard's" chart on August 9, 2008: No. 15 on Christian Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19294977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294977" title="Judo at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 57 kg">
Judo at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 57 kg

The women's 57 kg judo competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was held on September 8 at the Beijing Workers' Gymnasium. Preliminary rounds started at 12:00 pm CST. Repechage finals, semifinals, bouts for bronze medals, and the final were held at 5:00 pm CST.
This event was the third-lightest of the women's judo weight classes, limiting competitors to a maximum of 57 kilograms of body mass. Like all other judo events, bouts lasted five minutes. If the bout was still tied at the end, it was extended for another five minute, sudden-death period; if neither judoka scored during that period, the match is decided by the judges. The tournament bracket consisted of a single-elimination contest culminating in a gold medal match. There was also a repechage to determine the winners of the two bronze medals. Each judoka who had lost to a semifinalist competed in the repechage. The two judokas who lost in the semifinals faced the winner of the opposite half of the bracket's repechage in bronze medal bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19294997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19294997" title="CHEF-FM">
CHEF-FM

CHEF-FM is a Canadian radio station. Owned by Radio Matagami, the station broadcasts a community radio format at 99.9 FM in Matagami, Quebec. The station was licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission in 2000.
CHEF also has a rebroadcaster, broadcasting on 96.9 FM with the call sign CHEF-FM-3, in Lebel-sur-Quévillon. The station applied to the CRTC in 2006 to add a transmitter at Chibougamau, but was denied because this would have had a negative impact on the financial viability of Chibougamau's CKXO-FM, due to the small size of the market.

</doc>
