<doc id="19377279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377279" title="Laser Doppler vibrometer">
Laser Doppler vibrometer

A laser Doppler vibrometer (LDV) is a scientific instrument that is used to make non-contact vibration measurements of a surface. The laser beam from the LDV is directed at the surface of interest, and the vibration amplitude and frequency are extracted from the Doppler shift of the reflected laser beam frequency due to the motion of the surface. The output of an LDV is generally a continuous analog voltage that is directly proportional to the target velocity component along the direction of the laser beam.
Some advantages of an LDV over similar measurement devices such as an accelerometer are that the LDV can be directed at targets that are difficult to access, or that may be too small or too hot to attach a physical transducer. Also, the LDV makes the vibration measurement without mass-loading the target, which is especially important for MEMS devices.
Principles of operation.
A vibrometer is generally a two beam laser interferometer that measures the frequency (or phase) difference between an internal reference beam and a test beam. The most common type of laser in an LDV is the helium-neon laser, although laser diodes, fiber lasers, and are also used. The test beam is directed to the target, and scattered light from the target is collected and interfered with the reference beam on a photodetector, typically a photodiode. Most commercial vibrometers work in a heterodyne regime by adding a known frequency shift (typically 30–40 MHz) to one of the beams. This frequency shift is usually generated by a Bragg cell, or acousto-optic modulator.
A schematic of a typical laser vibrometer is shown above. The beam from the laser, which has a frequency fo, is divided into a reference beam and a test beam with a beamsplitter. The test beam then passes through the Bragg cell, which adds a frequency shift fb. This frequency shifted beam then is directed to the target. The motion of the target adds a Doppler shift to the beam given by fd = 2*v(t)*cos(α)/λ, where v(t) is the velocity of the target as a function of time, α is the angle between the laser beam and the velocity vector, and λ is the wavelength of the light. 
Light scatters from the target in all directions, but some portion of the light is collected by the LDV and reflected by the beamsplitter to the photodetector. This light has a frequency equal to fo + fb + fd. This scattered light is combined with the reference beam at the photo-detector. The initial frequency of the laser is very high (> 1014 Hz), which is higher than the response of the detector. The detector does respond, however, to the beat frequency between the two beams, which is at fb + fd (typically in the tens of MHz range).
The output of the photodetector is a standard frequency modulated (FM) signal, with the Bragg cell frequency as the carrier frequency, and the Doppler shift as the modulation frequency. This signal can be demodulated to derive the velocity vs. time of the vibrating target.
Applications.
LDVs are used in a wide variety of scientific, industrial, and medical applications. Some examples are provided below:

</doc>
<doc id="19377290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377290" title="Bishrampur, Bara">
Bishrampur, Bara

Bishrampur is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,768 persons residing in 598 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377292" title="Biswambharpur">
Biswambharpur

Biswambharpur is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,232 persons living in 491 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377301" title="Brahmapuri, Bara">
Brahmapuri, Bara

Brahmapuri is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,326 persons residing in 491 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377316" title="Buniyad">
Buniyad

Buniyad is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,982 persons living in 429 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377329" title="Chhata Pipra">
Chhata Pipra

Chhata Pipra is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,176 persons living in 542 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377332" title="Waterbath stunner">
Waterbath stunner

A waterbath stunner is used in abattoirs as method of rendering poultry unconscious before slaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19377335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377335" title="Jeremy Kyle">
Jeremy Kyle

Jeremy Kyle (born 7 July 1965) is a British radio and television presenter, best known for hosting his own daytime show "The Jeremy Kyle Show".
Kyle has been presenting his controversial tabloid talk show "The Jeremy Kyle Show" on ITV since 2005. In 2011, Kyle began hosting the American version of The Jeremy Kyle Show. The American version of the show was axed in 2013.
Early life.
Kyle was born in Reading, Berkshire. His father was an accountant and personal secretary to the Queen Mother. He attended the independent Reading Blue Coat School in Sonning, Berkshire and studied history and sociology at the University of Surrey.
Radio career.
From 1986 to 1995, Kyle worked as a life insurance salesman, recruitment consultant, and radio advertising salesman. He then became a radio presenter and after a brief stint at Orchard FM in Taunton, Somerset and Leicester Sound in Leicester, before being signed by Kent's Invicta FM in 1996. In 1997, he joined BRMB in Birmingham, presenting the shows "Late & Live" and "Jezza's Jukebox".
In 2000, Kyle moved to the Century FM network, taking this format with him. The show was called "Jezza's Confessions". It was broadcast between 9:00 pm and 1:00 am. He won a Sony Award for "Late & Live" in 2001. On 1 July 2002, he made his first broadcast on Virgin Radio, presenting "Jezza's Virgin Confessions" every weekday from 8pm to midnight. In mid-2003, he broadcast the show from 9pm to 1am every weekday, and in January 2004 the show went out from 10pm to 1am, Sunday to Thursday. He left Virgin Radio in June 2004.
From 5 September 2004, Kyle presented the "Confessions" show on London's Capital FM. The new programme aired Sunday to Thursday from 10pm to 1am with live calls on relationship issues of all kinds. "Capital Confessions" came to an end on 22 December 2005 to make way for "The Jeremy Kyle Show", a similar show which ran from January 2006 to December 2006.
In late 2007, Kyle began a new show ("The Jeremy Kyle Show"), broadcasting across Gcap Media's One Network, of which Orchard FM, Invicta FM and BRMB, his previous employers, are a part. The programme differed from his previous shows in that he interviewed celebrities. Kyle also began broadcasting a new programme, on Essex FM, in November 2007. Kyle joined Talksport on 21 September 2008 to present a lunchtime sports show every Sunday called "The Jeremy Kyle Sunday Sports Show". As a result of Talksport's Premiership coverage on a Sunday, Kyle's show was cancelled, and he left the station.
TV career.
In September 2007, Manchester Judge Alan Berg described "The Jeremy Kyle Show" as trash which existed to "titillate bored members of the public with nothing better to do". He went on to say: "It seems to me that the purpose of this show is to effect a morbid and depressing display of dysfunctional people whose lives are in turmoil. It is human bear-baiting". The judge characterised it so "after a husband was provoked into headbutting his wife's lover in front of Kyle's studio audience".
In February 2008, "The Jeremy Kyle Show" was again criticised in court after a man who found out during the recording of a show that he was not the father of his wife's child later pointed an air rifle at her. Other shows Kyle is involved with include "Kyle's Academy", a ten-part series for ITV daytime which first aired on 18 June 2007. A team of experts (life coaches and psychotherapists), headed by Kyle, takes five people and works with them over an intensive fortnight to help them on the road to a happier more fulfilled life. Kyle has also presented "Half Ton Hospital", a show about morbidly obese people in the United States. In December 2009 he played himself in ITV's comedy-drama "The Fattest Man in Britain".
On 19 April 2011, Kyle began presenting a new documentary series called "Military Driving School", where he visited the Defence School of Transport in Yorkshire, following a group of new recruits as they undergo training as front line military drivers. He is the presenter of the ITV show "High Stakes", which began on 11 October 2011. Billed as a game of "knowledge, risk, and tension," the show involves participants answering questions and stepping on the correct six squares on a grid in order to avoid trap numbers.
Writing career.
Kyle writes a column for "Pick Me Up", a women's weekly magazine published by IPC. In his column, titled "Jeremy Kyle Says...", Kyle adopts a frank style in responding to readers' problems that closely resembles the approach he takes on "The Jeremy Kyle Show". In 2009, Kyle wrote his first book, "I'm Only Being Honest", about Britain's social problems and his views on how to solve them including recounts of his past and personal life.
Personal life.
Kyle met his first wife, Kirsty Rowley, in 1988, when he was a recruitment consultant in an agency in Bristol. They became a couple within a fortnight, and were engaged within two months. They married in Almondsbury near Bristol seven months later, in July 1989. Their daughter, Harriet, was born in June 1990. The marriage ended just five months after the birth, in November 1990. His ex-wife has since claimed that Kyle had carefully concealed a destructive and expensive gambling habit from her over the course of their marriage.
Kyle met former model Carla Germaine in 1999, while he was presenting on a BRMB radio show, and Germaine entered the controversial "Two Strangers and a Wedding" contest hosted by the station. As the winner of the bride part of the contest, her prize was to marry the selected groom, Greg Cordell. Their marriage lasted only three months, after claims that Greg had an affair just days after their honeymoon, and she subsequently married Kyle in 2002. They have two daughters and a son together.
Kyle is a supporter of West Ham United. He suffers from obsessive–compulsive disorder and has stated that he "licks his mobile phone to make sure it's clean" in his book "I'm Only Being Honest".
Kyle has described his opinion on Broken Britain: "I think it starts with the breakdown of the family unit. Society should invest more in our kids. There should be community centres and youth clubs. And our benefits system – it's the greatest in the modern world. But there are loopholes and people taking advantage." In October 2010, Kyle appeared at the Conservative Party Conference in Birmingham. He chaired "Getting Britain Back To Work" alongside George Osborne.
In late 2012, Kyle was diagnosed with testicular cancer. He received chemotherapy and underwent surgery to remove the affected testicle. He was given the all-clear following surgery and returned to presenting "The Jeremy Kyle Show"; the recording of the show had been put on hold while Kyle underwent treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="19377340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377340" title="Gordon Strutt">
Gordon Strutt

The Rt Rev Rupert Gordon Strutt (known as Gordon) was the Anglican Bishop of Stockport from 1965 to 1984. 
Born on 15 January 1912 he was educated at the London College of Divinity and Wycliffe Hall, Oxford. Ordained in 1943 he embarked on a curacy at Carlton, Nottinghamshire before wartime service as a Chaplain to the Forces. Livings in Normanton on Soar, Leicester and Addiscombe followed before a spell as Archdeacon of Maidstone and finally elevation to the episcopate in 1965. After 18 years he resigned to begin retirement in Canterbury but died only a year later on 1 October 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19377357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377357" title="Maktaktujanak Island">
Maktaktujanak Island

Maktaktujanak Island is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in Cumberland Sound, approximately from Robert Peel Inlet

</doc>
<doc id="19377362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377362" title="Vardan Areveltsi">
Vardan Areveltsi

Vardan Areveltsi (; Vardan the Easterner, circa 1198 – 1271 AD) was a thirteenth-century Armenian historian, geographer, philosopher and translator. In addition to establishing numerous schools and monasteries, he also left behind a rich contribution to Armenian literature. He is well known for writing "Havakumn Patmutsyun" ("Historical Compilation" ), one of the first ever attempts to write a history of the world by an Armenian historian.
Biography.
Early life.
Vardan was born in Gandzak (Ganja) in 1198. He received his education at a school in Gandzak and at Nor Getik Monastery (later known as Goshavank), where he was student of the prominent scholar Mkhitar Gosh. He continued his studies at the Khornashat monastery in Tavush, learning literature, grammar, and theology. He also learned several languages while at Khornashat, mastering Hebrew, Greek, Latin and Persian. In 1235, Vardan became a "vardapet" and put his experience in education into action: he opened a school at St. Andre monastery in Kayenaberd and taught there from 1235 to 1239 and from 1252 to 1255. In 1239, he left Armenia for Jerusalem and on his return journey, traveled through the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, where he was a guest in the royal court of Het'um I. He remained in Cilicia long enough to participate in the 1243 ecumenical council in the capital at Sis. Vardan returned home in 1245, bringing along with him the canon laws that were decided upon at Sis.
Educational and ecclesiastical activity.
Three years later, Vardan traveled to the Cilician Armenia once more, this time participating in the governmental and social affairs of the kingdom. He was a fierce opponent of what he saw as the encroachment of the Orthodox Byzantine and Catholic churches in Cilician Armenia and fought diligently to counter their influences. While in Cilicia, Vardan also worked with Catholicos Constantine Bardzraberdtsi to write an ecclesiastical treatise entitled "Didactic Paper", which was intended for use in eastern Armenia. His religious activities also included writing a letter to the Pope in regards to the latter's attempts to extend Catholicism in the kingdom and his participation in another ecumenical council in 1251 in Sis. 
In 1252, Vardan returned to Armenia and began organizing an ecumenical council that would convene in Haghpat and Dzagavan. Returning to educational life, he also established institutions for learning at the monasteries of Saghmosavank, Teghenyats, Aghjots, and Khorakert. He remained an instructor at Haghpat for several years until 1255, when he traveled to Khor Virap, establishing a seminary there. At Khor Virap, he introduced a curriculum which included philosophy, logic, oratory, and grammar. Many of his pupils went on to become notable Armenian intellectuals, including Gevork Skevṛatsi, Hovhannes Yerznkatsi, Nerses Mshetsi, and Grigor Bjnetsi. In 1264, Vardan also played an important role as a negotiator when he went to Tabriz, where the Mongol leader Hulagu Khan was residing. He brokered an agreement which gave special privileges to the Armenians living under the yoke of the Mongol Empire and settled a deal on the collection of levies and taxes. Vardan's ties with the Mongols were especially intimate, as he was allowed to become the religious adviser of Hulagu Khan's wife, Doquz Khatun, who happened to be a Nestorian Christian.
Vardan died in 1271 in Khor Virap, bequeathing a significant literary legacy which encompassed Armenia's political, cultural, religious, and social lives.
Works.
Over 120 works attributed to Vardan Areveltsi have been preserved. Among his most significant works is a 66 item collection called "Lutsmunk i Surb Grots" (better known as "Zhghlank", or "Chats"), which was written at the request of King Het'um I. It is written in the vernacular tongue, making it easily comprehensible and concerns itself with many questions related to the nature of life (nature, the formation of celestial bodies, astronomy, botany and zoology, language, philosophical questions revolving around man, music, etc.). For example, a critical observation Vardan makes in this work is his expression in the belief that, "nothing outside of nature moves nor stops; motion is not solely the movement of one place to another, but an inner transformation which moves from one state to another." 
However, Vardan's most important work is his "Havakumn Patmutsyun" ("Historical Compilation"). Much like Movses Khorenatsi's "History of Armenia", "Havakumn Patmutsyun" is an attempt to trace Armenian history from its beginnings to the present day. But the work is also significant for attempting to document the history of the entire world. Starting with the Tower of Babel and the epic battle between Hayk and Bel, the history ends with the death of Constantine I Bardzraberdtsi's death in 1267. It is, however, considered more a chronicle, rather than the histories written by traditional Armenian authors.
Vardan also translated many foreign works into Armenian. One of the most significant was Michael the Syrian's "Chronicle" translation in 1248. Other translated works included conversations and works on philosophy, theology, which were translated from Greek, Latin, and Syriac. 
Below is a partial list of his works, many of which, including facsimiles, are currently preserved at the Matenadaran in Yerevan, Armenia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19377375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377375" title="DDT in the United States">
DDT in the United States

The use of DDT in the United States is banned, except for a limited exemption for public health uses. The ban is due in a large part to Rachael Carson's book "Silent Spring".
Initial concerns about DDT.
As early as the 1940s, scientists had begun expressing concern over possible hazards associated with DDT, and in the 1950s the government began tightening some of the regulations governing its use. However, these early events received little attention, and it was not until 1957 when the "New York Times" reported an unsuccessful struggle to restrict DDT use in Nassau County, New York that the issue came to the attention of the popular naturalist-author, Rachel Carson. William Shawn, editor of "The New Yorker", urged her to write a piece on the subject, which developed into her famous book "Silent Spring", published in 1962. The book argued that pesticides, including DDT, were poisoning both wildlife and the environment and were also endangering human health.
Bald eagle.
Along with the passage of the Endangered Species Act, the US ban on DDT is cited by scientists as a major factor in the comeback of the bald eagle in the contiguous United States.
Continued use of DDT.
According to Environmental Protection Agency, some uses of DDT continued under the public health exemption, for emergency agricultural use. The federal regimen to regulate pesticides was restructured under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) in October 1972. Under authority to control pesticide use granted in that Act, EPA approved DDT use against the pea leaf weevil in Washington and Idaho, in 1973, and against the tussock moth epidemic in Douglas fir in forests in the Northwest in 1974. In a health-related example, in June 1979, the California Department of Health Services was permitted to use DDT to suppress flea vectors of bubonic plague.

</doc>
<doc id="19377388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377388" title="Design controls">
Design controls

Design Controls designates the application of a formal methodology to the conduct of product development activities.
It is often mandatory (by regulation) to implement such practice when designing and developing products within regulated industries (e.g. Medical devices).
Medical devices.
Since 1990, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has required that medical device manufacturers that want to market certain categories of medical in the USA follow Design Control requirements (21 CFR 820.30). At a high level, this regulation requires:
The Medical Devices Directive (MDD 93/42/EEC) similarly lists several requirements regarding the design of a medical device.
ISO 13485 is a voluntary standard that contains section 7.3 Design and Development recommending which procedures should be put in place by manufacturers in order to have a quality system that will comply with MDD 93/42/EEC.
The objective of Design Controls, in this context, is to require that manufacturers follow a methodologically-sound process to develop a medical device, with the intent of improving the probability that the device will reach an acceptable level of efficacy and safety.

</doc>
<doc id="19377420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377420" title="Gao Ming">
Gao Ming

Gao Ming (; born February 19, 1982 in Qingdao) is a retired Chinese football second striker.
Professional career.
Qingdao.
His career at Qingdao was a big success. He started representing Qingdao Etsong in senior level matches in 2000. Alongside with Qu Bo, they were considered to be one of the best attacking partners in China.
Shandong Luneng.
Shandong Luneng purchased Gao Ming in early 1995. The club paid 3 million RMB together with Liu Zhiyong and Qin Sheng to Qingdao Jonoon. He joined Shandong Luneng with a big expectation. However, he could not secure a position in Shandong Luneng in 2005.
Changchun Yatai.
Gao Ming joined Changchun Yatai on loan in 2006.
Guangzhou.
Gao Ming joined Shen Xiangfu, his coach in China Youth team in 2007 on loan again. After Guangzhou Pharmaceutical promoted into the China Super League, Gao Ming transferred to Guangzhou Pharmaceutical permanently in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19377423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377423" title="Southernization">
Southernization

In the culture of the United States, the idea of Southernization came from the observation that "Southern" values and beliefs had become more central to political success, reaching an apogee in the 1990s, with a Democratic president and vice-president from the South and Congressional leaders in both parties being from the South. Some commentators said that Southern values seemed increasingly important in national elections through the early 21st century. American journalists in the late 2000s used the term "Southernization" to describe the political and cultural effects.
Description.
Values and beliefs often ascribed to the American South include religious conservatism, and patriotism or nationalism. Besides the cultural influence, some said that the South had infiltrated the national political stage.
In 1992, the winning presidential ticket consisted of the Governor of Arkansas, Bill Clinton and a Senator from Tennessee, Al Gore. Many leaders in Congress were also from the South, from both parties. Meanwhile the Republican Party underwent its own Southernization as more Republican leaders called for a low-tax, low-investment industrial society, principles previously held by conservative southern Democrats. Commentators suggest that politics reached its apogee of Southernization in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19377431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377431" title="Paul Butler (artist)">
Paul Butler (artist)

Paul Butler (born 1973, Winnipeg, Canada) is an artist with an interest in multidisciplinary, social and alternative pedagogical practices. His practice includes hosting the collage parties, a touring experimental studio established 1997 and directing the operations of The Other Gallery, a nomadic commercial gallery focused on overlooked artists’ practices established in 2001. In 2007, he founded the UpperTradingPost.com, a website that facilitates artist trading. He also initiated the experimental school Reverse Pedagogy that began at the Banff Centre for the Arts in 2008, and has since travelled to Venice in 2009, among other locations. He has exhibited at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, Plug In ICA, Winnipeg, White Columns, New York City, Creative Growth Art Centre, Oakland and Sparwasser HQ, Berlin. Butler has contributed writing to the book "Decentre: Concerning Artist-Run Culture" (2008) and the magazines "Canadian Art" and "Hunter and Cook". He was the Art Gallery of Ontario's first Artist-in-Residence, from October to November 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="19377433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377433" title="Chhatawa">
Chhatawa

Chhatawa is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,127 persons living in 467 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377436" title="Billy Cleaver">
Billy Cleaver

William 'Billy' Cleaver (15 September 1921 - 29 September 2003) was a Welsh international fly-half who played club rugby for Cardiff. He won 14 caps for Wales and was selected to play in the British Lions on the 1950 tour of Australia and New Zealand. He was part of the Welsh team that won the 1950 Grand Slam.
Born in 1921 in Treorchy, Rhondda, Cleaver was an exciting attacking player with a shrewd change of pace. After one terrible game, under heavy weather conditions against Scotland, Cleaver gained the nickname 'Billy Kick'; though this was a harsh moniker considering his normally style of play. Cleaver was a coal miner by trade and spent most of his life within the industry, though in a managerial role for much of his later career. He was also a keen patron of the arts and was the secretary of the Contemporary Arts Society for Wales and from 1980-83 was the vice chairman of the Welsh Arts Council.
International career.
Cleaver was first selected for Wales during the 1947 Five Nations Championship, the first official game for the Welsh team after World War II. His first game was against England at the Cardiff Arms Park and he lined up alongside fellow Cardiff players Matthews, Williams, Evans and captain Haydn Tanner. Unsurprisingly, both Wales and their first opponents, England, were heavy with new caps, and although Wales lost, Cleaver played in all four games during the tournament. He scored his first try for Wales in the 1947 game against Scotland, a match which Wales won 22-8. In the 1950 campaign, in which Wales won the Grand Slam, Cleaver played in all four games, and scored a drop goal against Scotland.
International matches played.
Wales
British Lions.
During the 1950 Lions tour, Cleaver played ten provincial matches and in three test games against the All Blacks. For some unknown reason, Cleaver was chosen as one of the two full-backs on the tour; the other, Norton of Ireland, broke his arm early on and Cleaver was forced play in every match in that position until Lewis Jones arrived as Norton's replacement. Cleaver never played a game on the tour as fly-half, but did play in three of the test matches against New Zealand showing good quality play opposite the All Blacks' Bob Scott. On the return trip the team stopped to play the national team from Ceylon, and Cleaver took his part as one of the two touch judges.

</doc>
<doc id="19377453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377453" title="Shane Stanley">
Shane Stanley

Shane Stanley (born June 15, 1971 in Los Angeles, California) is a multi-Emmy Award winning filmmaker and founder of Visual Arts Entertainment, a film and television production company based in Los Angeles, California. Best known for Executive Producing "Gridiron Gang" starring Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson for Sony Pictures and directing Bret Michaels music videos supporting the hit show "Rock of Love". Stanley, a four time nominee, was the youngest to ever win a production Emmy Award, winning his first at sixteen and his second at nineteen for his work on The Desperate Passage Series. Stanley made his directorial debut helming his own screenplay "A Sight for Sore Eyes" which starred Academy Award nominee Gary Busey. Besides being honored with dozens of prestigious awards and film festival honors, the film was invited to screen at the Cannes Film Festival in 2005 and won Best Drama at the International Family Film Festival in 2006.
Also a commercial and music video director, Stanley's most recognized work includes campaigns for , Sony Playstation, Morongo Casino, Resort & Spa, Kimberly-Clark, San Manuel Indian Bingo & Casino as well as PSA's for the American Diabetes Association. His most known music videos include 's "Miracle" and Bret Michaels's Go That Far which reached #1 and remained on the VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown for over three months. The video is ranked on the network's list of 100 Best Music Videos. As of 2010, five of Stanley's music videos have been on the VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown, (two simultaneously). Shane co-wrote Bret Michaels's autobiography, “Roses & Thorns" for Simon & Schuster and most recently produced the late Zalman King's, Pleasure or Pain which will release in 2014. Pleasure or Pain would be Golden Globe Nominee, King's final film before his passing in 2012.
Family.
Son of Emmy Award winning filmmaker Lee Stanley and Carol Ann Morse. The couple divorced in 1974 when Shane was three. His father remarried Linda Tremaine in 1977, who had two sons, Brett and Chris, from a previous marriage. Lee Stanley has a daughter, Quinn Burke from his first marriage to Rory Burke, daughter of legendary songwriter, Johnny Burke (lyricist). Stanley did not meet his sister until 1993.
Books.
Stanley co-wrote Bret Michaels's autobiography Roses & Thorns for Simon & Schuster due for release in 2014. His father, Lee's autobiography "Faith in the Land of Make-Believe" released March 2011 as well with Zondervan Publishing based on the family and their years dealing with juvenile inmates imprisoned in Los Angeles County, which Lee dedicated over twenty-five years to.
Awards and honors.
In 1988 Shane, along with Lee Stanley, Gary Milton, David Fixx, and Carl Himmelman won Emmy Awards for their camera work on Desperate Passage which starred Michael Landon. The show was a recipient of four Emmy Award nominations and won two, making Shane the youngest to have won the award in any non-actor category. He was sixteen at the time.
In 1990, Stanley was again nominated for an Emmy Award along with Lee Stanley and Gary Milton for their camera work on "Maiden Voyage" starring Sharon Gless.
In 1991, Stanley was nominated for two Emmy Awards in the same category along with Lee Stanley, Philip Hurn, and Ken Schaefer for their work on Drug Watch L.A. and Drug Watch L.A. Second Edition. Drug Watch L.A. Second Edition was the winner awarding Shane his second Emmy Award.
In 1992, along with Lee Stanley, Shane was honored with a Christopher Award for A Time for Life where the filmmakers paired up three kids serving time in a maximum security prison for murder and three kids who were terminally ill from Los Angeles Children's Hospital.
In 1994, Shane was the recipient of two CINE Golden Eagle Awards both as producer and editor for his documentary Street Pirates. The film was also honored with the Silver Star at the WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival.
In 2005, Stanley's short film Sight for Sore Eyes, A (film) was honored with the Gold Special Jury Award at WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival before winning three Prix Aurora Awards for writing, original screenplay and directing. The film was honored with two Telly Awards for writing and directing and won several renown international film festivals including the International Film Festival for best dramatic short film.
In 2006, along with Lee Stanley, Dwayne Johnson, Xzibit, Sean Porter and Glenn Bell received Los Angeles County's Enriching Lives honors for the positive impact their work has had on society.

</doc>
<doc id="19377477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377477" title="Dahiyar">
Dahiyar

Dahiyar is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,144 persons living in 710 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377478" title="Bluecap">
Bluecap

A bluecap or blue cap is a mythical fairy or ghost in English folklore. They inhabit mines and appear as small blue flames. If miners treat them with respect, the bluecaps lead them to rich deposits of minerals. Like knockers or kobolds, bluecaps can also forewarn miners of cave-ins. They are mostly associated with the Anglo-Scottish borders. They were hard workers and expected to be paid a working man's wages, equal to those of an average putter (a mine worker who pushes the wagons). Their payment was left in a solitary corner of the mine, and they would not accept any more or less than what they were owed. The miners would sometimes see the flickering bluecap settle on a full tub of coal, transporting it as though "impelled by the sturdiest sinews". Another being of the same type (though less helpful in nature) was called "Cutty Soames" or "Old Cutty Soames" who was known to cut the rope-traces or soams by which the assistant putter was yoked to the tub.

</doc>
<doc id="19377489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377489" title="Dewapur">
Dewapur

Dewapur is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,819 persons living in 489 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377509" title="Dharma Nagar">
Dharma Nagar

Dharma Nagar is a village and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,934 persons living in 478 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19377511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377511" title="Paillaeco">
Paillaeco

Paillaeco was elected Toqui in 1592 in place of Quintuguenu after his defeat and death. He did not think his forces were now sufficient to oppose the Spanish in the open field and decided to draw them into an ambush. The Spanish turned the tables on them drawing his army out of their ambush and destroyed it killing Paillaeco. Paillamachu was elected to succeed him later the same year 1592. 

</doc>
<doc id="19377535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377535" title="424 Transport and Rescue Squadron">
424 Transport and Rescue Squadron

424 Transport and Rescue Squadron (French: "424e Escadron de transport et de sauvetage"), nicknamed "Tiger Squadron", is a Royal Canadian Air Force strategic transport and search and rescue unit based at Canadian Forces Base (CFB) Trenton in the Canadian province of Ontario. The squadron is the primary provider of search and rescue response for the Trenton Search and Rescue Region, which extends from Quebec City to the Rocky Mountains, and from the Canada–United States border to the North Pole, covering an area of over ten million square kilometres in Central, Western, and Northern Canada. The squadron operates the Lockheed CC-130H Hercules transport aircraft and the Bell CH-146 Griffon helicopter. Pararescue specialists, known as Search and Rescue Technicians (SAR Techs) are on constant standby to deploy within 30 minutes of notification during weekdays and 2 hours at other times.
History.
No. 424 Squadron RCAF was formed on 15 October 1942 in Topcliffe, England as a bomber squadron. On 1 January 1943 it joined No. 6 Group RCAF and took part in night bombing raids on Germany until 16 April 1943. It was then transferred to North Africa for attacks on Italian targets for three months and stationed in Tunisia during that time. Returning to the United Kingdom it was equipped with Halifaxes for a year and after January 1945 with Lancasters. During this period it was also known as No. 424 (Tiger) Squadron. The squadron disbanded on 15 October 1945 and was reactivated a year later at RCAF Station Hamilton as an auxiliary light bomber squadron, then deactivated again in 1964. On 8 July 1968, during the unification of the Canadian Forces, the squadron was reactivated as 424 Communications and Transport Squadron, operating from Hangar 9 at CFB Trenton. The squadron has received sixteen battle honours and has flown more than 14 different types of aircraft during its history.
On 27 October 2011, the squadron acknowledged the death of Sergeant Janick Gilbert, a Search and Rescue technician who perished while participating in a rescue mission in the waters of Nunavut.
On 17 December 2013, a Bell CH-146 Griffon helicopter from the squadron was dispatched from CFB Trenton to Kingston, Ontario to rescue a stranded crane operator above a large fire at a student housing project under construction. A Search and Rescue Technician was lowered by winch cable from the helicopter and successfully rescued the construction worker.

</doc>
<doc id="19377542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377542" title="Makita International Tournament">
Makita International Tournament

The Makita International Tournament was an association football pre-season friendly tournament held annually in England between 1988 and 1994.
Originally called the Wembley International Tournament, and organised by IEP Tournaments, it was first staged in August 1988, with Arsenal beating A.C. Milan in the final. All the matches were held at Wembley Stadium. It gained a sponsor in Makita the following year and the competition renamed accordingly. Typically, it hosted a combination of English and Continental teams, and was held at Wembley until 1991. Thereafter it was held at different venues around the country until the final competition in 1994.
Winners.
Arsenal and Sampdoria were the record winners of the trophy, each winning three times. The only other team to win it were Chelsea.

</doc>
<doc id="19377553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377553" title="Ovče Pole">
Ovče Pole

Ovče Pole (, meaning: "Plain of sheep") is a plain situated around the flow of Sveti Nikole's River, which is a tributary to the Bregalnica river, in the east-central part of Republic of Macedonia. The climate of the plain is characterized by hot and dry summers and temperately cold winters, with occasional sharp lows. The highest registered temperature in the plain was 44.0C and the lowest registered temperature was -23.0C.
Strong winds from the north-west, north, south-east are specific for this region and are present for most of the year, this being the reason the area to be called "the windiest place on the Balkans". The Ovče Pole plain is one of the driest areas in Europe and is plagued by frequent drought periods. The yearly average of rainfall is in the 400-500 ml/m2 range. The average elevation of the plain is 200–400 m, and the highest place is Gjurište, with an elevation of 856m above sea level. In the region of Alin Dol of the river Mavrovica, in 1981, an artificial dam was built. Its water is used for the water supply of the city of Sveti Nikole.
History.
The Battle of Ovche Pole occurred during the First World War between 14 October and 15 November 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="19377563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377563" title="2008 Icelandic Cup">
2008 Icelandic Cup

The Visa-Bikar 2008 was the forty-ninth season of the Icelandic national football cup. It started on May 24, 2008 and concluded with the Final held on October 4, 2008. The winners qualified for the second qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League 2009–10.
First round.
The First Round consisted of 32 teams from lower Icelandic divisions. The matches were played between May 24 and 27, 2008.
Second round.
The Second Round included 16 winners from the previous round as well as 24 teams from second and third division. The matches were played between June 1 and 3, 2008.
Round of 32.
At this point in the competition entered 12 clubs from Úrvalsdeild (first level). The matches were played on June 18 and 19, 2008.
Round of 16.
The matches were played on July 2 and 3, 2008.
Quarterfinals.
The matches were played on July 24, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19377564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377564" title="Diemen railway station">
Diemen railway station

Diemen railway station is located in Diemen, a suburb in Southeast Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The station was first opened in 1 August 1882 and closed on 1 October 1913. It reopened on 24 May 1974. The station remains in the same location as before. At the station there is a hexagonal NS ticket office. The station is on the Amsterdam–Zutphen railway and train service are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train services.
The following train services call at Diemen:
Bus services.
This service is operated by GVB.

</doc>
<doc id="19377571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377571" title="Akpawfu">
Akpawfu

Akpawfu is a town in Nkanu East L.G.A of Enugu state, Nigeria. It is made up of three main villages. Obodo Uvuru, Ndiuno and Ajamee Uno. The traditional ruler is Igwe Dume Nnamoko a.k.a. uvuru one of Obodo Uvuru. It has two main streams, Iyaba and Etavu. Akpawfu is bordered by Amagunze, Akpugo and Oruku. About 90% of the populace are literate, 95% of the communities are Christians. It central success is figured in agricultural productions but not limited to it. It has an estimated population of 26,000. One Italian kenechukwu nnamoko in his article, insisted that one day, Akpawfu will produce their own governor in order to enjoy social amenities.

</doc>
<doc id="19377573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377573" title="Provisions, Fiction and Gear">
Provisions, Fiction and Gear

Provisions, Fiction and Gear is the third album and major label debut by the American alternative rock band MOTH.
Track listing.
All songs written by Brad Stenz.
Recording process.
"We had recorded an album, it just wasn't released. Some of the material was from that record and that was interesting, because we knew what we had done wrong in the past and how we could make the songs better. About half of the record was like that, the other half were very new songs, written about six months prior to going into the studio. That was really exciting as well."
“The biggest part of it was the money but that in turn allowed us to take more time. We never did this thing called pre-production before we did that this time around. Pre-production basically entails getting together with the rhythm section and running through the songs. Sean Beavan - our producer - and I trimmed the fat off some of the tunes so they were new for me too. We all rehearsed as a group and played the newer, leaner arrangements to see how everything worked out.”
Writing and composition.
“I keep the music and the lyrics separate for a long time. I just collect and collect for both sides and then, when it comes time, they kind of just naturally come together. Lyrically, I get a lot of inspiration about what happens to me in my day-to-day life. And also Charles Bukowski and David Lynch are very inspirational to me.”
Reception.
The album received enthusiastic reviews from music magazines including Rolling Stone, Alternative Press, and CMJ.

</doc>
<doc id="19377575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377575" title="Lambkin">
Lambkin

Lambkin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19377583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377583" title="Like a Butterfly 'cept Different">
Like a Butterfly 'cept Different

"Like a butterfly 'cept Different" is an EP by the American alternative rock band MOTH.
Track listing.
CD One
CD Two

</doc>
<doc id="19377584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377584" title="Syracuse University fraternity and sorority system">
Syracuse University fraternity and sorority system

The Syracuse University fraternity and sorority system offers organizations under the Panhellenic Council, the Interfraternity Council (IFC), the National Association of Latino Fraternal Organizations, the National Multicultural Greek Council, and the National Pan-Hellenic Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19377597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377597" title="Drop Deaf">
Drop Deaf

Drop Deaf is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band MOTH. It was self-produced, and independently released in 2004.
Track listing.
All songs written by Brad Stenz.
Recording process.
Initial tracking took place at local studio, Group Effort, with longtime band ally, Jeff Monroe, while the remainder of the tracks were recorded at Stenz's home-based Studio Red. Stenz assumed responsibility for "Drop Deaf"'s production chores and confesses it was "extremely stressful."
Writing and composition.
Initial ideas for songs came during daily band rehearsals. While preparing for a tour with drummer Atom Willard and bassist Ted Liscinski, Gayol videotaped rehearsals and catalogued a number of possible ideas for future use.
"We really had nothing to do on a day-to-day basis except go to rehearsal, which only took up two hours of our day. That could be a good or a bad thing," Stenz laughs. "You could find a lot of spare time to get yourself in trouble, get bored or depressed. Or you could go out and write songs." 
Stenz recalls the inspiration to actually start writing songs for the new album came from the unlikeliest of sources: the daughter of heavy metal high priest (and now reality TV star), Ozzy Osbourne.
"I was in a lull, nothing much to do and was asked to write some songs for the new Kelly Osbourne record," Stenz says. "I cranked out five tunes and sent them off. Later, I got a phone call saying 'We're not going to use the songs. What else do you have?' I said 'Fuck that. These songs rock, and I like these songs a lot.' So we took some of those songs and started to build from that."
"The difference is like a slap in the face," Stenz says. "Provisions was relying on four, five, or six parts on each song. Now the songs are three parts total -- verse, chorus, bridge -- and that's the payoff for me."

</doc>
<doc id="19377615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377615" title="Mark Selby (musician)">
Mark Selby (musician)

Mark Otis Selby (born in Enid, Oklahoma) is an American blues rock singer-songwriter, guitarist, multi-instrumentalist and producer. He is a solo artist, signed to ZYX Records in Europe, and one half of performing duo with his wife, songwriter Tia Sillers. He also plays guitar in recording sessions for musical artists such as Kenny Rogers, Johnny Reid, Keni Thomas, Jimmy Hall and Wynonna Judd. 
Selby is perhaps best known for the number of songs that he co-wrote with the blues-rock artist Kenny Wayne Shepherd which includes the number one single "Blue on Black". This song was also Billboard Magazine rock track of the year in 1998. Selby also collaborated with Sillers on the number one song "There's Your Trouble" which was recorded by the Dixie Chicks and won the band their first Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal in 1999.
Selby has released four solo albums thus far. The first two projects, "More Storms Comin"' and "Dirt" were on Vanguard Records. After signing with ZYX in Merenberg, Germany, he released his third CD, ""And The Horse You Rode In On"". This CD, which is all acoustic, features Selby's 1974 Winfield, Kansas made, Mossman guitar and spurred a broad audience in Germany and Switzerland. His most recent project, "Nine Pound Hammer", was released in 2008. He has worked with the Grammy winning record producer Brent Maher on all of his projects.
Besides the Mossman, he plays a modified 1990s Fender Relic Nocaster, a Fender Rory Gallagher Fender Stratocaster, and a 1944 Gibson J-45. As for amplifiers, he describes himself as "a Fender guy."
Influences.
When asked to describe some of his influences, he notes, "When I was younger, I really got into an Eric Clapton anthology that had a cross selection of songs he was well known for, and some spontaneous jams with Jimmy Page and Muddy Waters. There was so much emotion and a big slice of life in those songs performed by the old blues players . . . Billy Gibbons was also a very big influence -- He had a great way of synthesizing a lot of great styles and making it his own.">
Discography.
2013 "Blue Highway"
2009 "Live at Rockpalast - One Night In Bonn" (CD/DVD)
2008 "Nine Pound Hammer"
2006" Mark Otis Selby . . . And The Horse He Rode In On"
2003 "Dirt"
2000 "More Storms Comin"'
Compilation Albums
2007 "Mark Selby's Nashville Picks! Vol.1"
2001 "Avalon Blues: A Tribute To The Music Of Mississippi John Hurt"

</doc>
<doc id="19377616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377616" title="Immune to Gravity">
Immune to Gravity

Immune to Gravity is the fifth album by the American alternative rock band MOTH.
Track listing.
All songs written by Brad Stenz.
Recording process.
The album was recorded at The Mouse House in Altadena, California. The song "Perfect" features backing vocals from Inara George. "Are You Really For Real?" was cut from the album.
Writing and composition.
"This album is kind of paying homage to the late '70s pop stuff, like Wire and Television and bands like that," Stenz said. "I think the Virgin record was more of a collection of songs over a long period of time because it had been a while since we recorded. The next record after that was 'Drop Deaf,' a very aggressive album. And this one is a very stripped-down rock record, where there's no unnecessary bells and whistles."

</doc>
<doc id="19377618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377618" title="Geoffrey Turner (bishop)">
Geoffrey Turner (bishop)

Geoffrey Martin Turner (born 16 March 1934) was the sixth Suffragan Bishop of Stockport. 
He was educated at Bideford Grammar School, the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and Oak Hill Theological College. Ordained in 1963 he began his career with a curacy in Tonbridge and was then Vicar of St Peter Derby. Afterr this he was Rural Dean of Wirral until his elevation to the Episcopate in 1994. He resigned in 2000 and in retirement continues to minister, as an honorary assistant bishop within the Diocese of Chester.

</doc>
<doc id="19377642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377642" title="Belfield (Philadelphia)">
Belfield (Philadelphia)

Belfield, also known as the Charles Willson Peale House, was the home of Charles Willson Peale from 1810 to 1826, and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
The Belfield Estate was a area of land in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, much of which is now a part of La Salle University’s campus. 
Early History.
In 1684, William Penn granted to Thomas Bowman near Germantown. Bowman kept the land for two years, and sold it to Samuel Richardson, a Quaker who was active in the early colonial government of Pennsylvania. The property extended from Old York Road to the edges of Germantown, with Richardson's home, "Newington", located on Old York Road.
Upon Samuel Richardson's death in 1719, his son Joseph inherited the land, and split it among his children, with the area that would become Belfield going to his second son, John. John Richardson sold a portion of the land to John Eckstein in 1731. The 1731 deed mentions "Buildings & Woods & Underwoods, Timbers, Trees, Meadows, Marshes." This is the first time that "buildings" are recorded on the property. The once free-standing, square structure now attached to the rear of the main house is believed to be the oldest surviving building, but it is not known whether this building existed at the time of the sale to Eckstein.
Eckstein transferred the land that the main house is located on to his daughter Magdalena and son-in-law Conrad Weber in 1755, and after the death of Eckstein in 1763 the land was split among his remaining children. Two of the remaining children of Eckstein became members of the religious Ephrata Cloister in Lancaster County, and all had sold their land to Weber by 1786. Though the exact date of construction of the main house at Belfield is not known, Peale later wrote that it was built "by a Dutchman". As Weber was the son of a Dutch immigrant, this would date the house to sometime after 1755.
Weber sold the property to his tenant Richard Neave in 1804, not having lived on the property himself since the 1770s. Neave owned the property until his death in 1809, when it was sold to his tenants, Charles and Mary Grégoire. The Grégoires possessed the property for just three months before putting it up for sale.
Charles Willson Peale.
Seeking to retire, Charles Willson Peale turned over the administration of his natural history museum to his son, Rubens, and began to look for a small country estate. He purchased the land in 1810 from Charles Grégoire for $9500. Peale initially named the estate 'Farm Persevere', and wrote to Thomas Jefferson, telling him that this was because "by labor and perseverance I obtained it." Friends of Peale's thought that this name was far too solemn, and as a result, by 1812 he had changed it to 'Bellefield', which later, became 'Belfield.'
Peale began renovations on the mansion house after purchasing the property, separating partitions in between rooms, and adding a "painting room to the north side of the house. When this room was destroyed in a storm in August 1817, a larger, two-story addition was added.
In October 1821, Peale and his wife Hannah contracted yellow fever, which led to Hannah's death. A weakened Peale moved in with his son Rubens, and put Belfield up for sale. In January 1826, William Logan Fisher, who's estate of Wakefield bordered Belfield to the southeast, purchased the property for $11,000.
Peale's Gardens.
Peale cultivated, and frequently used as inspiration, extensive gardens on the estate grounds. One of the first structures Peale added to his garden was a "summer house", built in about 1813 by his son Franklin. It was a hexagonal structure with six columns, and a bust of George Washington crowning its roof. The Wister family later built a gazebo on this site that as of 2011 is in a ruined state. Northwest of the summer house was an obelisk at the end of a garden walk. Peale painted four mottos that governed his life on the base of this obelisk, one on each side. It was Peale's wish to have been buried at the foot of this obelisk, yet it was not to be, as Peale sold Belfield a year before his death. Though Peale was not buried at this location, the Wister family later buried their dog, a white German Spitz named 'Kaiser', there. A reproduction of this obelisk was created by La Salle alumni in 2000.
To the south of the obelisk, Peale erected another summer house, in "chinease taste, dedicated to meditation. This summer house was simpler than the one built by his son, and only had a flat roof to provide shade, and four posts to hold it up, with seats around the inside. On the same hillside as the Chinese summer house was a pedestal onto which Peale inscribed ninety memorable events in American history, starting with the discovery of America, and ending with the American victory at New Orleans in 1815. Significantly, he left room to inscribe the first crossing of the Atlantic Ocean by an American steamship.
Another contribution Peale made to his garden was the excellent use of one of the estate's natural springs. Peale hollowed out the source of the spring into an artificial cave, which he lined with masonry. This spring fed a greenhouse with a glass ceiling. To the southeast was a pool with a ten-foot fountain that was fed by pipes from the spring. Next to the pool was a garden shed onto which Peale painted a "gate" to disguise it. On the "gate" were symbols and figures representing Congress, America, Truth, Wisdom, Temperance, and Mars, the god of war. The ruins of Peale's cave and greenhouse still stand. The cave is now underneath the stump of a coffee tree, but deteriorating the masonry is still visible. The greenhouse's walls are to the west, and are mostly overgrown with brush and ivy. The location of Peale's pond has been paved over by a driveway.
After Peale.
After purchasing the property from Peale, William Logan Fisher gave it to his daughter Sarah upon her marriage to William Wister in 1826. According to the Wister's great-granddaughter, Mary Meigs, Belfield served as a stop on the Underground Railroad, though there is no contemporary evidence of this claim. During this time, William Wister and William Logan Fisher together founded the Belfield Print Works, located at the edge of the property, at the present-day intersection of Belfield Avenue and Wister Street. Willaim Rotch Wister, the Wister's eldest son, and father of horticulturist John Caspar Wister, had a house constructed on the estate in 1868 for his family, this house is now La Salle's Mary and Frances Wister Fine Arts Studio. In 1876, he moved his family across the street to another house he had built, the mansion 'Wister', which was deeded to Fairmount Park and demolished in 1956.
The Wister's second son, John, purchased the remaining property upon Sarah's death in 1891. John Wister made several improvements to the property, installing a furnace in the main house, and building a greenhouse next to the ruins of Peale's. The foundations of this greenhouse survive as of 2010. In July 1907, the carriage house caught fire, causing the panicked Wister family to flee Belfield, though there was no actual damage to the main house. After John died in 1900, his wife Sallie Wister continued to live at Belfield until her death in 1922. Upon her death, it was discovered that John Wister's will gave Belfield to his second daughter Sarah Logan Wister Starr, who had lived in another house on the property, later dubbed 'The Mansion', since her marriage in 1901. Wister's eldest daughter, Bessie, felt slighted, leading to a feud between the sisters lasting several decades.
During the ownership of Sarah and her husband James Starr, the property had bathrooms installed and underground electric and telephone lines run to it. They had the colonial kitchen restored, and planted citrus trees, and a garden of one hundred Tea Roses. James, who had an interest in China added several rock gardens and in the rear of the main house, a "Chinese Garden" that still survives. The date of the garden's construction was recorded in Chinese characters on the garden's wall. Also during the Starr's ownership, 20th Street was constructed and a deep trench was cut in the hillside, requiring a 14 foot retaining wall be built along what is now the eastern edge of the estate. In 1926, La Salle College purchased a portion of land on the east side of 20th Street from the Starrs for $27,500. The remaining portion of the campus was purchased from other descendants of William Logan Fisher.
In 1956, S. Logan Wister Starr and her husband Daniel Blain inherited the mansion from Logan's parents, they kept the property a fully functioning and self-sufficient farm, despite spending most of their time in Nova Scotia. Under the Blains, in 1966, the property was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Having rented 'The Mansion' and another house, 'Shaw Manor', from the Blains since the early 1960s for dormitory space, La Salle purchased both houses in 1968, and demolished them for parking space. In 1979, Logan Blain died, and her son, Daniel Blain, Jr. sold the remainder of the estate to La Salle University, in 1984.
La Salle began a renovation of the estate after purchasing it, converting it from a farm into a park-like area. Several structures were demolished, including Peale's stable and hen house, which were leveled to construct tennis courts. The main house of Belfield, now called 'Peale House', was also converted to its present role as the office for the President of La Salle, while the former tenant house on the south end of the property was used for Japanese tea ceremonies from the 1980s until 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19377645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377645" title="William Brice (ethnographer)">
William Brice (ethnographer)

William Charles Brice (3 July 1921 – 24 July 2007) was a British ethnographer and linguist.
Biography.
Brice was born in Richmond, Yorkshire and studied geography at Jesus College, Oxford, interrupting his studies to serve in India during the Second World War, protecting railways near Madras and supplying maps to troops, for which he was awarded the Burma Star. He then participated in an archaeological expedition to eastern Turkey, exploring frontier forts of the Roman empire. He was appointed lecturer in geography at Manchester University in 1947, returning to Oxford in 1951 as assistant curator and lecturer in ethnology at the Pitt Rivers Museum. Sir John Myres gave him the task of working on Linear A, and his breakthroughs were recorded in "Inscriptions in the Minoan Linear Script of Class A" (1961). In 1967 he was appointed as the editor of the journal "Kadmos", which focused on prealphabetic writing and the languages and cultures from which they came. His works include "An Historical atlas of Islam" (1981) . and "The Mediterranean Sea Atlas" (2003), translated from a 16th-century Arabic manuscript.

</doc>
<doc id="19377677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377677" title="Shakshukowshee Island">
Shakshukowshee Island

Shakshukowshee Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. The uninhabited island lies in Cumberland Sound, approximately from Robert Peel Inlet

</doc>
<doc id="19377694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377694" title="Spin transition">
Spin transition

The spin transition is an example of transition between two electronic states in molecular chemistry. The ability of an electron to transit from a stable to another stable (or metastable) electronic state in a reversible and detectable fashion, makes these molecular systems appealing in the field of molecular electronics.
In octahedral surroundings.
When a transition metal ion of configuration formula_1, formula_2 to formula_3, is in octahedral surroundings, its ground state may be low spin (LS) or high spin (HS), depending to a first approximation on the magnitude of the formula_4 energy gap between formula_5 and formula_6 metal orbitals relative to the mean spin pairing energy formula_7 (see Crystal field theory). More precisely, for formula_8, the ground state arises from the configuration where the formula_9 electrons occupy first the formula_6 orbitals of lower energy, and if there are more than six electrons, the formula_5 orbitals of higher energy. The ground state is then LS. On the other hand, for <math>\Delta<, Hund's rule is obeyed. The HS ground state has got the same multiplicity as the free metal ion. If the values of formula_7 and formula_4 are comparable, a LS↔HS transition may occur.
formula_1 configurations.
Between all the possible formula_1 configurations of the metal ion, formula_16 and formula_17 are by far the most important. The spin transition phenomenon, in fact, was first observed in 1930 for tris (dithiocarbamato) iron(III) compounds. On the other hand, the iron(II) spin transition complexes were the most extensively studied: among these two of them may be considered as of spin transition systems, namely Fe(NCS)2(bipy)2 and Fe(NCS)2(phen)2 (bipy = 2,2'-bypiridine and phen = 1,10-phenanthroline).
Iron(II) complexes.
We discuss the mechanism of the spin transition by focusing on the specific case of iron(II) complexes. At the molecular scale the spin transition corresponds to an interionic electron transfer with spin flip of the transferred electrons. For an iron(II) compound this transfer involves two electrons and the spin variations is formula_18. The occupancy of the formula_5 orbitals is higher in the HS state than in the LS state and these orbitals are more antibonding than the formula_6. It follows that the average metal-ligand bond length is longer in the HS state than in the LS state. This difference is in the range 1.4–2.4 nm for iron(II) compounds.
To induce a spin transition.
The most common way to induce a spin transition is to change the temperature of the system: the transition will be then characterized by a formula_21, where formula_22 is the molar fraction of molecules in high-spin state. Several techniques are currently used to obtain such curves. The simplest method consists of measuring the temperature dependence of molar susceptibility. Any other technique that provides different responses according to whether the state is LS or HS may also be used to determine formula_22. Among these techniques, Mössbauer spectroscopy has been particularly useful in the case of iron compounds, showing two well resolved quadrupole doublets. One of these is associated with LS molecules, the other with HS molecules: the high-spin molar fraction then may be deduced from the relative intensities of the doublets.
Types of transition.
Various types of transition have been observed. This may be abrupt, occurring within a few kelvins range, or smooth, occurring within a large temperature range. It could also be incomplete both at low temperature and at high temperature, even if the latter is more often observed. Moreover, the formula_21 curves may be strictly identical in the cooling or heating modes, or exhibit a hysteresis: in this case the system could assume two different electronic states in a certain range of temperature. Finally the transition may occur in two steps.

</doc>
<doc id="19377707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377707" title="Trawlermen (TV series)">
Trawlermen (TV series)

Trawlermen is a BBC television documentary programme focusing on the work of a number of trawler crews based in Peterhead and Fraserburgh. The programme is narrated by the actors Ken Stott and Peter Capaldi. Four series and a special have been broadcast, totalling 20 episodes. The first series of 5 episodes was first broadcast in 2006 and was stripped across 7.00pm on weekdays. A further 5 episodes were first aired in 2007, 6 in 2008 and a fourth series of 3 episodes in 2009. A special was broadcast in 2010.
The TV stations Blighty, Dave and Watch all repeat some episodes from the programme.
Boats.
Amity 2 - PD 177 - Skipper:Jimmy Buchan
Ocean Venture 2 - PD 240 - Skippers:John Buchan Snr & John Buchan Jnr
Arcane - N907 - Skipper:Charlie McBride
Fruitful Harvest - PD 247 - Skipper:Sandy Watt
Fruitful Bough - PD 109 - Skipper:James West
New Dawn - FR 470 - Skippers:Chaz Bruce & Martin Bruce
Ryanwood - FR 307 - Skipper:Kevin West
Renown - FR 246 - Skipper:James Buchan
Genesis - BF 505 - Skipper:Alan Watt
Chloe May - FR 983 - Skipper:John Alexander
Boy John - INS 110 - Skipper:Andrew McLeman
Rosebloom - INS 353 - Skipper:Sandy McLeman
Chris Andra - FR 228 - Skippers:Wilie Tait & Peter Tait
Viking Monarch - K 58 - Skipper:John Musgrave
Sunrise - FR 359 - Skipper:John Steven R.I.P
Ocean Dawn - FR 347 - Skipper:Ian Ritchie
Radiant Star - LK 71 - Skipper:Victor Lawrenson
Heather K - K 77 - Skipper:Heddle Costie
Starlight - PD 786 - Skipper:James Watt
Starlight Rays - PD 230 - Skipper:Alec Baird
Episodes.
Series 1.
"Episode 1"
The Great Prawn Hunt
Prawn trawler Amity is in a storm, 100 miles from shore, and the nets are caught on the seabed.
"Episode 2"
The Storm
Skipper Jimmy Buchan must decide whether to run to port through a storm or try and ride it out.
"Episode 3"
The Edge
Ocean Venture has headed north and is fishing at The Edge, only 150 miles south of the Arctic Circle. Having failed to catch enough fish, skipper John Buchan is taking a huge risk in the deep and treacherous waters of the North Atlantic in a bid to find the perfect catch. With the previous night's storm over, Amity gets back to the business of trying to catch prawns.
"Episode 4"
Starting Out
Offshore fishing, the most dangerous job in Britain, has a problem when it comes to getting new recruits. But 17-year-old Ryan wants to take up the challenge. He sets out on his first trip on one of the most successful pair of trawlers in Britain as they head into the rough Norwegian waters looking for cod and haddock. If he doesn't impress skipper Kevin West, he'll be looking for a new job when they come back to port.
"Episode 5"
Coming Home
Jimmy, skipper of the prawn boat Amity, is 100 miles offshore fishing in one of the most hazardous areas of the North Sea - the Devil's Hole. The engines which bring in his nets are on the brink of failing - if they stop he'll have to cut loose his nets and return to port with no prawns and no pay. 80 miles away, 17 year old new boy Ryan is desperate to impress skipper of the Ryanwood Kevin West, but time is running out for him to show he's tough enough.
Series 4.
The series begins with the aftermath of the death of 29-year-old New Dawn deckhand Reynaldo Benitez from the Philippines, who was lost at sea in August 2008, between the filming of the third and fourth series.
Reception.
Ahead of the second series, Mark Wright for "The Stage" described the programme as an "excellent human-interest documentary series", and said that "one has to admire the calm manner of the crews as they work gruelling shifts in horrible, horrible conditions." Sam Wollaston for "The Guardian" said: "I love "Trawlermen" [...] But, hell, it's miserable." "The Independent"'s Thomas Sutcliffe closed his review by saying: "If you've been grumbling about the weather recently or worrying about the credit crunch, this series should restore a little perspective."
In January 2007 John Buchan, skipper of the Ocean Venture, won an award from Seafood Scotland in recognition for supplying UK fish and chip shops with top quality, responsibly caught fish. The award was part of the Fish and Chip Shop of the Year awards which Seafood Scotland sponsors. The award was presented to his son John Junior who skippers his vessel on alternate trips.
In 2010, the series won the BAFTA Television Craft award for sound in a factual programme. The series was nominated for the same award in 2008.
There was some controversy when the BBC screened several episodes in the first series of Trawlermen with subtitles because of the broad Doric and Broch dialects of some of the fishing crew.
Subsequent events.
On 27 April 2009, Kevin West, one of the trawlermen featured in the series, was swept overboard and presumed dead. His body has not been found.

</doc>
<doc id="19377724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377724" title="Johanan ben Bag-Bag">
Johanan ben Bag-Bag

Johanan ben Bag-Bag () is a tanna mentioned several times in the Talmud. He may have been the son of Ben Bag-Bag.

</doc>
<doc id="19377765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377765" title="Seachanges (with Danse Macabre)">
Seachanges (with Danse Macabre)

Seachanges is a contemporary piece of music written by Raymond Deane in 1993.
It is part of the Leaving Certificate's Music syllabus along with Mozart's "Piano Concerto No. 23 in A major", The Beatles' "When I'm Sixty-Four", "She's Leaving Home", "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" and Berlioz's "Symphonie fantastique"
The piece is scored for Flute and Piccolo in G, Piano, Violin, Violincello, and Percussion. The percussion includes Gong, maracas, rainstick, Crotales, Marimba, Cymbals, Guiro and Bass Drum.
Typical of 20th Century contemporary music, it features many experimental techniques:
Structure.
It can be divided into 7 distinct sections:
Introduction.
This consists of a 3 note cell G-A-C played on Piano, Crotales, and Piccolo. The cell is interrupted by an Ab which Deane describes as an "Interfering note"
Main Melody and Inversion.
The three note cell is recalled on the piano, and is used to reference Deanes earlier work "The Seagull Dreams of its Shadow" The principle of subtraction is applied to the original six-note phrase, which becomes a five note phrase, then a four note phrase... three note phrase.. two note phrase, until finally only a single note remains.
Totentanz (Danse macabre).
The main dance rhythm in 7/8 is heard here.
Section A1 based on Totentanz.
The original three note cell is heard again on piano. Chord clusters are used to give the piano a percussive sound.
Canon derived from the Dies Irae.
A canon between the marimba and the violin. It is based on the ancient Latin "Dies Irae" (or "Day of Wrath") Medieval organum harmony is used to reference the original plainchant
Recapitulation of Main Melody.
The main melody is heard again on piano and flute. A triplet rhythm is used to refer to the danse macabre used earlier in the piece.
Coda including recapitulation of the Totentanz and the Dies Irae sections..
The major ideas are recalled, and the piece ends with all five instrumentalists playing the danse macabre rhythm on the maracas

</doc>
<doc id="19377783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377783" title="Gillenia stipulata">
Gillenia stipulata

Gillenia stipulata is a plant in the genus "Gillenia", in the Rosaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="19377790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377790" title="Mael Ísu Ua Brolcháin">
Mael Ísu Ua Brolcháin

Mael Ísu Ua Brolcháin, died 1086.
Mael Ísu Ua Brolcháin was a member of a high-class ecclesiastical family, based in what is now Donegal. Besides holding a number of benefices and wielding considerable political influence, he was the author of the poem "To an Elderly Virgin". He died as a member of the religious community of Armagh in 1086, recorded as being "the chief sage of Ireland." 
His descendants bear the surname Ó Brolcháin, and in its anglicised form, Bradley.

</doc>
<doc id="19377791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377791" title="List of England national football team hat-tricks">
List of England national football team hat-tricks

Since the inception of international association football matches in 1872, 57 England male footballers have scored three or more goals (a hat-trick) in a game. The first players to score a hat-trick for England were Howard Vaughton and Arthur Alfred Brown, both Aston Villa players; in a friendly match against Ireland in 1882, they scored nine goals between them. Four players, Vaughton, Steve Bloomer, Willie Hall and Malcolm Macdonald, have scored five goals in one match. Jimmy Greaves has scored the greatest number of hat-tricks, with six. Five players, Albert Allen, Frank Bradshaw, Walter Gilliat, John Veitch and John Yates, have scored hat-tricks on their only international appearance.
In the 1966 FIFA World Cup Final, Geoff Hurst scored a hat-trick, generally considered one of the most famous of all time. The most recent hat-trick was scored by Jermain Defoe in England's 4–0 victory over Bulgaria in the opening match of the Euro 2012 qualifying campaign.
England have conceded eleven hat-tricks since 1872, the most recent being scored by Zlatan Ibrahimović who scored four goals in a 4–2 defeat by Sweden in a friendly match in November 2012. Richard Hofmann was the first player from outside the Home Nations to score a hat-trick against England, scoring three times for Germany in a friendly match in May 1930. Previously only the Scottish players John McDougall, George Ker, John Smith, Robert Smyth McColl and Alex Jackson had scored hat-tricks against England.
Hat-tricks conceded by England.
England have conceded eleven hat-tricks, the first five of which were scored by players from Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19377792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377792" title="Nii Welbeck">
Nii Welbeck

Career.
Welbeck played for Swiss Nationalliga B club FC Winterthur in 1996 and Çanakkale Dardanelspor in the Turkish Süper Lig during the 1996-97 season. He spent the following season with Kallithea F.C. in the Greek second division. Next, he signed with Okwawu United, who 2002 retired.
International.
He was part of the Ghana national football team squad at the 1996 Summer Olympics, appearing in two matches. Welbeck played several matches for the senior national team, including qualifiers for the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Coaching career.
Welbeck retired 2002 and signed a contract with Okwawu United in the Management.
Personal life.
Nii Aryee is the elder brother of the German footballer Nii Armah Welbeck.

</doc>
<doc id="19377794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377794" title="Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti">
Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti

Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti (born on in Belo Horizonte, Brazil) is the Ambassador of Brazil to Germany. Viotti took office on 16 January 2013. Viotti was the Permanent Representative of Brazil to the United Nations from 2007 until 2013, and President of the United Nations Security Council for the month of February 2011. She is married to Eduardo Baumgratz Viotti and has a son.
Education.
Viotti has a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Brasilia, which she received in 1979. She has a post-graduate degree in the same subject, which she completed in 1981, from the same university. She attended the Rio Branco Institute, the Brazilian diplomatic academy.
Career.
Viotti joined the Brazilian Foreign Service in 1976. She held several positions within the Ministry of External Relations, including:
Overseas assignments.
Viotti served as Counselor at the Brazilian Embassy in La Paz, Bolivia, from 1993 to 1995.
United Nations.
From 1985 to 1989, Viotti served as a First Secretary at the Brazilian Mission to the United Nations.
In 1999, Viotti returned to the Brazilian Mission to the United Nations as a Minister-Counselor. She was the Vice-Chairperson of the Preparatory Committee for the Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development and led Brazil's delegation to the negotiations in preparation for the International Conference on Financing for Development. Viotti was also a member of the Economic and Social Council’s Ad Hoc Group on Guinea-Bissau.
In 2005, she assumed the post of Chargé d'affaires of Brazil to the United Nations. Viotti was appointed Permanent Representative of Brazil to the United Nations by President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva on 5 January 2007. Viotti presented her credentials to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 25 July 2007. Viotti was the President of the United Nations Security Council for the month of February 2011, when Brazil held the rotating presidency of the Council. Viotti was succeeded by Luiz Alberto Figueiredo on 16 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19377795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377795" title="Tōkai Nature Trail">
Tōkai Nature Trail

In 1969, the former Minister of Health, Labor, and Welfare (current Minister of the Environment), proposed establishing a long distance hiking trail. In 1970, with cooperation of related local governments, the construction project began, and was completed in 1974. Subsequently, the idea of connecting two quasi-national parks gave rise to constructing an array of additional quasi-national parks along the path. Numerous hills, wetlands, and canyons, which had not previously been viewed as tourist spots were designated as quasi-national parks and presently serve as nature preserves.
Points of interest.
Tokyo.
The first leg of the route goes through the Mount Takao area and offers a nice hiking trip starting at Keiō Line Takaosanguchi Station and reaching JR Sagamiko Station. Roughly four hours is expected to cover this segment of the walkway.
From the Takaosanguchi Station, the route climes through slopes of Mount Takao and first reaches the Takaosan Viewing Tower. After Takaoyakuō-ji Temple, the trail connects to the summit, where the Takao Visitor Center awaits. Passing through an aisle of cherry trees, the hiker next arrives at Hachiōji Castle. From this point, the path descends to the flood plain of the Sagami River. Crossing Benten Bridge, the walkway leads to Sagami Dam to Sagami Station.
Mount Takao.
Mount Takao, rising 599 m above sea level, is an excellent place for wild landscapes with a wide variety of plants (1,600 species) and insects (6,000 species). The area offers many hiking trails and view points.
The Takao Visitor Center is located at the summit, dedicated to offering information on the history and environment of the region. At 599 m, the site offers a majestic vista of mountains from Mt. Fuji to Tanzawa.
Takaoyakuō-ji.
Takaoyakuō-ji is a Buddhist temple situated on Mount Takao. Its full name is Takao-san Yakuō-in Yūki-ji. It was built by Gyōki on the command of Emperor Shōmu. The site had formerly been considered a holy mountain and attracted many Shūgendōshi, Japanese mountain ascetic hermits practicing the strict doctrine of Shūgendō. The temple was named “yakuō,” for it enshrines Yakushi. The temple offers a glimpse of Shinbutsu shūgō, the fusion of Buddhism and Shinto, as it contains Shinto style buildings and Torii.
Hachiōji Castle.
Hachiōji Castle is a yamashiro, a castle built on a mountain. It is situated on Shiro-yama (445m) in Hachiōji, Tokyo. The castle measures roughly 2 km from east to west and 1 km from north to south. The structure made use of the mountain’s complex surfaces of steep ridges and deep valleys and was divided into a few areas. It was first built by Hōjō Ujiteru in 1587. In 1590, the fortress fell when attacked by Maeda Toshiie, Sanada Masayuki, and Uesugi Kagekatsu during the Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s campaign to eliminate the Hōjō clan. Currently, the site features a reconstructed bridge and parts of the main palace, along with kuruwa, stone walls, and moats.
Kanagawa Prefecture.
In Kanagawa Prefecture, the course starts at Mt. Shiroyama(Kobotoke Shiroyama) on borders with Tokyo Prefecture. Then it leads down through Kobotoke Pass to Lake Sagami, and subsequently ascends into the Tanzawa mountains. Although bypasses the main ridge, this part of the trail goes through many peaks over 1200m (with the highest being Mt. Sodehirayama), and is considered to be the steepest and hardest part of the whole trail. After 127.5 kilometers, the course in Kanagawa Prefecture ends at Kiridooshi Pass on the border with Yamanashi Prefecture.
Main orientation points on the route (including altitude):
Yamanashi Prefecture.
In Yamanashi Prefecture, the trail starts at Kiridooshi Pass at the western end of Tanzawa mountains. Then it encircles the northern slope of Mt. Fuji, passing along attractive tourist spots like 8 Springs of Mt. Fuji and Fuji Five Lakes. From Motosu Lake, the route briefly enters Shizuoka Prefecture via Wariishi Pass, going through Asagiri Plateau and along Lake Tanuki, where it returns to Yamanashi Prefecture with a climb to Mt. Choujagadake in Tenshi Mountains. After 115 km, the trail leaves Yamanashi Prefecture at Tashiro Pass.
Main orientation points along the route (including altitudes):

</doc>
<doc id="19377796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377796" title="Kudjak Island">
Kudjak Island

Kudjak Island is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in Cumberland Sound, approximately from Irvine Inlet

</doc>
<doc id="19377804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377804" title="Igor Kuzmin (footballer)">
Igor Kuzmin (footballer)

Igor Valeryevich Kuzmin, born January 13, 1989) is a Russian football forward. He currently plays for FC Saturn Moscow Oblast and previously played for PFC CSKA Moscow (2006–2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19377820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377820" title="Stampede">
Stampede

A stampede is an act of mass impulse among herd animals or a crowd of people in which the herd (or crowd) collectively begins running with no clear direction or purpose.
Species associated with stampede behavior include cattle, elephants, blue wildebeests, walruses, wild horses, rhinoceros, and humans.
Cattle stampedes.
Anything unusual may start a stampede. Especially at night, things such as lighting a match, someone jumping off a horse, a horse shaking itself, a lightning strike, a tumbleweed blown into the herd, or "a horse running through a herd kicking at a saddle which has turned under its belly" have been known to cause stampedes. 
A large stampede typically eliminates everything in its path. With livestock, cowboys attempt to turn the moving herd into itself, so that it runs in circles rather than running off a cliff or into a river and avoids damaging human life or property. Tactics used to make the herd turn into itself include firing a pistol, which creates noise to make the leaders of the stampede turn.
Animals that stampede, especially cattle, are less likely to do so after having eaten and spread out in smaller groups to digest. To further reduce the risk of stampedes, cowboys sometimes sing or whistle to calm the herds disquieted by nightfall. Those on watch at night avoid doing things which could startle the herd and even distance themselves before dismounting a horse or lighting a match.
Sometimes people purposefully induce cattle to stampede as a component of warfare or hunting, such as some Native Americans, who were known to cause American bison to kill themselves at a buffalo jump.
Human stampedes.
Human stampedes most often occur during religious pilgrimages and professional sporting and music events, as these events tend to involve a large number of people. They also occur in times of a massive flight response (e.g. as a result of a fire or explosion) as people try to get away.
Causes.
Deaths from human stampedes occur primarily from compressive asphyxiation, not trampling. This is referred to as crowd crush. The compressive force occurs from both horizontal pushing and vertical stacking.
Examples.
The worst stampede in recorded history took place in Chongqing, China, during World War II. Japanese bombing of the city on June 6, 1941, triggered mass panic at an air raid shelter, killing approximately 4,000 people, most of them by suffocation.
A popularly quoted cause of stampedes is "Shouting fire in a crowded theater", which has occurred in such instances as the Italian Hall disaster.
Prevention.
It has been claimed that most major crowd disasters can be prevented by simple crowd management strategies. Human stampedes can be prevented by organization and traffic control, such as barriers. On the other hand, barriers in some cases may funnel the crowd towards an already-packed area, such as in the Hillsborough disaster. Hence barriers can be a solution in preventing or a key factor in causing a stampede. One problem is lack of feedback from people being crushed to the crowd pressing behind – feedback can instead be provided by police, organizers, or other observers, particularly raised observers, such as on platforms or horseback, who can survey the crowd, and use loudspeakers to communicate and direct a crowd.
At the individual level, warning signs of a crowd crush include density of more than four people per square meter, at which each person is being touched on four sides. To avoid or escape from a crowd crush, one is advised to move sideways, particularly between swells.
After the stampede in the Victoria Hall disaster in 1883, a law (still in force as of 2008) was passed in England which required all public entertainment venues to be equipped with doors that open outwards. Crash bars are required by various building codes.

</doc>
<doc id="19377842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377842" title="Ernesto Duchini">
Ernesto Duchini

Ernesto Emilio Duchini (November 10, 1910 – March 19, 2006) was an Argentine footballer and later a football coach. He was part of the coaching team that led Argentina to the FIFA World Youth Championship in 1979.
Duchini was born in the Barrio Norte district of Buenos Aires on November 10, 1910, at a young age his family moved to Chacarita where he joined the youth team of Chacarita Juniors in 1922. He made his debut in 1928 and played for the club until his retirement in 1938.
After retiring as a player Duchini became a coach, he took charge of Chacarita Juniors in 1939 and in 1941 he led the team to the Argentine 2nd Division championship. he stayed with the club until 1943.
During the 1940s and 1950s he worked as a youth coach at San Lorenzo, Racing Club, River Plate and Independiente.
In 1954 he was appointed youth coach for the Argentina national team, a position he held for 20 years. During his reign he won the Pan American Games in 1955 and 1959.
In 1974 he became assessor of youth development, a position he held until 1994. He was part of the coaching team that led the Argentina under 20 team to their first World Youth Championship in 1979. 
Duchini died on March 19, 2006 at the age of 95 in the Pirovano Hospital, he is buried in the La Chacarita Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19377844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377844" title="Brogden v Metropolitan Railway Company">
Brogden v Metropolitan Railway Company

Brogden v Metropolitan Railway Company (1876–77) L.R. 2 App. Cas. 666 is an English contract law case, which established that a contract can be accepted by the conduct of the parties.
Facts.
Mr Brogden, the chief of a partnership of three, had supplied the Metropolitan Railway Company with coals for a number of years. Brogden then suggested that a formal contract should be entered into between them for longer term coal supply. Each side's agents met together and negotiated. Metropolitan's agents drew up some terms of agreement and sent them to Brogden. Brogden wrote in some parts which had been left blank and inserted an arbitrator who would decide upon differences which might arise. He wrote "approved" at the end and sent back the agreement documents. Metropolitan's agent filed the documents and did nothing more. For a while, both acted according to the agreement document's terms. But then some more serious disagreements arose, and Brogden argued that there had been no formal contract actually established.
Judgment.
The House of Lords (The Lord Chancellor, Lord Cairns, Lord Hatherley, Lord Selborne, Lord Blackburn, and Lord Gordon) held that a contract had arisen by conduct and Brogden had been in clear breach, so he must be liable. The word "approved" on the document with Brogden's name was binding on all the partners, since Brogden was the chief partner, even though the standard signature of “B. & Sons” was not used. A mere mental assent to the agreement's terms would not have been enough, but having acted on the terms made it so. Lord Blackburn also held that the onus of showing that both parties had acted on the terms of an agreement which had not been, in due form, executed by either, lies upon person alleging such facts. A key extract from Lord Blackburn's judgment Blackburn was one of the most distinguished judges of his time:
"I have always believed the law to be this, that when an offer is made to another party, and in that offer there is a request express or implied that he must signify his acceptance by doing some particular thing, then as soon as he does that thing, he is bound. If a man sent an offer abroad saying: I wish to know whether you will supply me with goods at such and such a price, and, if you agree to that, you must ship the first cargo as soon as you get this letter, there can be no doubt that as soon as the cargo was shipped the contract would be complete, and if the cargo went to the bottom of the sea, it would go to the bottom of the sea at the risk of the orderer. So again, where, as in the case of" Ex parte Harris", a person writes a letter and says, I offer to take an allotment of shares, and he expressly or impliedly says, If you agree with me send an answer by the post, there, as soon as he has sent that answer by the post, and put it out of his control, and done an extraneous act which clenches the matter, and shews beyond all doubt that each side is bound, I agree the contract is perfectly plain and clear." 
"But when you come to the general proposition which Mr. Justice Brett seems to have laid down, that a simple acceptance in your own mind, without any intimation to the other party, and expressed by a mere private act, such as putting a letter into a drawer, completes a contract, I must say I differ from that. It appears from the Year Books that as long ago as the time of Edward IV, Chief Justice Brian decided this very point. The plea of the Defendant in that case justified the seizing of some growing crops because he said the Plaintiff had offered him to go and look at them, and if he liked them, and would give 2s. 6d. for them, he might take them; that was the justification. That case is referred to in a book which I published a good many years ago, "Blackburn on Contracts of Sale", and is there translated. Brian gives a very elaborate judgment, explaining the law of the unpaid vendor's lien, as early as that time, exactly as the law now stands, and he consequently says: “This plea is clearly bad, as you have not shewn the payment or the tender of the money;” but he goes farther, and says (I am quoting from memory, but I think I am quoting correctly), moreover, your plea is utterly naught, for it does not shew that when you had made up your mind to take them you signified it to the Plaintiff, and your having it in your own mind is nothing, for it is trite law that the thought of man is not triable, for even the devil does not know what the thought of man is; but I grant you this, that if in his offer to you he had said, Go and look at them, and if you are pleased with them signify it to such and such a man, and if you had signified it to such and such a man, your plea would have been good, because that was a matter of fact."
"I take it, my Lords, that that, which was said 300 years ago and more, is the law to this day, and it is quite what Lord Justice Mellish in "Ex parte Harris" accurately says, that where it is expressly or impliedly stated in the offer that you may accept the offer by posting a letter, the moment you post the letter the offer is accepted. You are bound from the moment you post the letter, not, as it is put here, from the moment you make up your mind on the subject."
"But my Lords, while, as I say, this is so upon the question of law, it is still necessary to consider this case farther upon the question of fact. I agree, and I think every Judge who has considered the case does agree, certainly Lord Chief Justice Cockburn does, that though the parties may have gone no farther than an offer on the one side, saying, Here is the draft,—(for that I think is really what this case comes to,)—and the draft so offered by the one side is approved by the other, everything being agreed to except the name of the arbitrator, which the one side has filled in and the other has not yet assented to, if both parties have acted upon that draft and treated it as binding, they will be bound by it. When they had come so near as I have said, still it remained to execute formal agreements, and the parties evidently contemplated that they were to exchange agreements, so that each side should be perfectly safe and secure, knowing that the other side was bound. But, although that was what each party contemplated, still I agree (I think the Lord Chief Justice Cockburn states it clearly enough), that if a draft having been prepared and agreed upon as the basis of a deed or contract to be executed between two parties, the parties, without waiting for the execution of the more formal instrument, proceed to act upon the draft, and treat it as binding upon them, both parties will be bound by it. But it must be clear that the parties have both waived the execution of the formal instrument and have agreed expressly, or as shewn by their conduct, to act on the informal one. I think that is quite right, and I agree with the way in which Mr. Herschell in his argument stated it, very truly and fairly. If the parties have by their conduct said, that they act upon the draft which has been approved of by Mr. Brogden, and which if not quite approved of by the railway company, has been exceedingly near it, if they indicate by their conduct that they accept it, the contract is binding."

</doc>
<doc id="19377874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377874" title="Kangigutsak Island">
Kangigutsak Island

Kangigutsak Island is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in Cumberland Sound, approximately from Robert Peel Inlet

</doc>
<doc id="19377978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377978" title="Otinja">
Otinja

Otinja () is a river that bisects the city of Štip and is a tributary to the Bregalnica river. The river is of medium length, but the last part that flows through the city often dries up in the summer months as the water is blocked upstream for irrigation of the farms and vegetable gardens north of the city. The last 3 km of the river, that pass through the center of Štip are bounded by a quay, built of stone and mortar, which is criss-crossed by several bridges, including the medieval Stone Bridge of Štip (), and is integral part of the Štip downtown.
A hydroelectric plant has been started on the upper reaches of the river, north of the city, however the development has been stalled for a couple of decades now. The former mayor of Štip, Pande Sarev, has met in the past with the Dutch ambassador to Republic of Macedonia to discuss possible Dutch investments in the completion of the HEC "Otinja" as well as other projects in the city.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19377981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19377981" title="Diemen Zuid railway station">
Diemen Zuid railway station

Diemen Zuid is a railway station is located in Diemen, a city to the southeast of Amsterdam. The railway station is served by Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS) 'heavy rail' services as well as Line 53 of the Amsterdam Metro. The station was first used as only a metro station operated by GVB in 1977. This was one of the original metro line's in Amsterdam and is route 53 Centraal Station to Gaasperplas.
In 1993, the Nederlandse Spoorwegen railway station opened at Diemen Zuid. This was as part of the Zuidelijke tak (South section) of the Ringspoorbaan in Amsterdam - this is the present-day line between Schiphol and Weesp.
Services.
NS services.
The following services currently call at Diemen Zuid:

</doc>
<doc id="19378017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378017" title="James Casebere">
James Casebere

James Casebere (born 1953) is an American contemporary artist and photographer living in New York.
Biography.
James Casebere, born in Lansing, Michigan, grew up outside of Detroit. He attended Michigan State University and graduated from the Minneapolis College of Art and Design with a BFA in 1976. In the fall of 1977, he attended the Whitney Independent Study Program in New York, and then moved to Los Angeles where he studied under John Baldessari and Doug Huebler. Classmates included Mike Kelley, and Tony Oursler. He received an MFA from CalArts in 1979. Since the late 1990s Casebere has lived and worked in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn, with his wife, artist Lorna Simpson and their daughter Zora. James Casebere is represented by Sean Kelly Gallery.
Early career.
James Casebere's early exhibitions in New York were at Artists Space, Franklin Furnace and the Sonnabend Gallery. His early work is associated with the so-called “Pictures Generation” of “post-modern” artists who emerged in the 1980s, including artists such as Cindy Sherman, Robert Longo, Laurie Simmons, Richard Prince, Matt Mullican, James Welling, Michael Zwack, Barbara Kruger and others. Since then, Casebere has devised complex models and photographed them in his studio. Referencing architecture, art history, and film, Casebere’s abandoned spaces are made from tabletop constructions of simple materials pared down to essential forms. Starting with Sonsbeek ’86, in Arnhem, Holland and ending around 1991, Casebere also made large scale sculptural installations.
Early bodies of work include images of the American suburban home. This was followed by both photographs and sculptural installations addressing and sometimes poking fun at a mythical American West. In the early 1990s, Casebere turned his attention to the development of different cultural institutions during The Enlightenment, and their representation as architectural types, particularly prisons.
Artistic career.
Since the late 1990s Casebere has made large photographs of flooded images that refer to:
1.) the bunker under the Reichstag ("Flooded Hallway") 
2.) sewers in Berlin ("Two Tunnels") and 
3.) the Atlantic slave trade ("Four Flooded Arches", "Nevision Underground", "Monticello").
Modern architects like Victor Horta ("Spiral Staircase", and "Turning Hallway") and Richard Neutra ("Garage", and "Dorm Room") are referred to by an austere group of works seeming to criticize the homogenizing effects of globalization.
After 9/11, Casebere looked to Spain and the Eastern Mediterranean. The first works were inspired by the 10th century Andalusia because of the co-operation between Islamic, Jewish, and Christian cultures preceding the Inquisition. ("La Alberca", "Abadia", "Spanish Bath", "Mahgreb".) Later images depicted Tripoli, Lebanon, Nineveh and Samarra in Iraq, and Luxor, Egypt. Several photographs of elaborate mosques were inspired by the 16th-century Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan.
Awards and Exhibitions.
Casebere was included in the 1985 Whitney Biennial. In 2002-3 Casebere had a solo exhibition at Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art in Winston-Salem, NC which traveled to the Museum of Contemporary Art Cleveland, OH., the Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal, Quebec and the Indianapolis Museum of Art, Indianapolis. In 2000–2001 he was in an exhibition called "The Architectural Unconscious: James Casebere and Glen Seator", initiated by the Addison Gallery of American Art at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts. which traveled to the Institute of Contemporary Art, Philadelphia PA. In 1999 "Asylum", another solo exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art, Oxford, England, traveled to Centro Galego de Arte Contemporanea, Santiago de Compostela, Spain, and the Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts, in Norwich, England. In 1996 he was in Campo, at the Venice Biennale, Italy, curated by Francesco Bonami, which traveled to the Sandretto Foundation in Torino, Italy and the Konstmuseum, in Malmö, Sweden.
Casebere is the recipient of numerous fellowships including three from the National Endowment for the Arts, three from the New York Foundation for the Arts and one from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation. His work has been collected by museums worldwide, including the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, the Hammer Museum in Los Angeles and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="19378027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378027" title="Irony (disambiguation)">
Irony (disambiguation)

Irony is a literary or rhetorical device, in which there is an incongruity or discordance between what one says or does.
Irony may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19378062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378062" title="Arceuthobium littorum">
Arceuthobium littorum

Arceuthobium littorum is a species of dwarf mistletoe known as coastal dwarf mistletoe. It is endemic to the coastline of northern California, where it lives as a parasite on Bishop Pine and Monterey Pine trees. This is a dark brown or greenish shrub which is visible as a network of scaly stems extending above the bark of its host tree. Most of the mistletoe is located inside the host tree, attached to it via haustoria, which tap the tree for water and nutrients. The leaves of the mistletoe are reduced to scales on its surface. 

</doc>
<doc id="19378082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378082" title="Bibliotheca universalis">
Bibliotheca universalis

Bibliotheca universalis (in four volumes, 1545–49) was the first truly comprehensive "universal" listing of all the books of the first century of printing. It was an alphabetical bibliography that listed all the known books printed in Latin, Greek, or Hebrew.
History.
The Swiss scholar Conrad Gesner started to compile this extensive work on "Bibliotheca universalis" at the age of 25. He first visited as many of the Italian and German libraries as he could find. He published the work in 1545, after some four years of research. It included his own bio-bibliography. His first edition of the "Bibliotheca universalis" listed about ten thousand titles. "Bibliotheca universalis" was the first modern bibliography of importance; through it, Gesner became known as the "father of bibliography."
The work included approximately eighteen hundred authors. The authors’ forenames were listed with a reverse index of their surnames. It was intended as an index by subject of all known authors. Gesner listed the writers alphabetically with the titles of their works. He added his own annotations, comments, and evaluations of the nature and merit of every entry.
Gesner followed Johannes Trithemius’s work of placing works in systems of cataloging. Gesner admired Trithemius’s systems and used them as guidelines and templates; however Gesner carried the idea of cataloging and systems a step further. Theodore Besterman, in "The Beginnings of Systematic Bibliography", suggests that Gerner’s work to organize knowledge was the forerunner of Francis Bacon’s works and other encyclopedias that followed.
Additions.
In 1548 Gesner followed with a companion work to "Bibliotheca universalis", a large folio, "Pandectarum sive Partitionum universalium Conradi Gesneri" ("Pandectae"). This contained thirty thousand topical entries. Each of these entries were cross-referenced to the appropriate author and book, arranged under headings and sub-headings, which were associated with various branches of learning. 
The "Pandects" had nineteen sections, each devoted to a scholarly discipline and contained dedications to the best scholar printers of Gesner's time. He listed their publications and accomplishments. Gesner made full use of any publishers' catalogues and booksellers' lists which were available in the 16th century that were printed when he was doing his research. Hans Fischer in his book "Conrad Gesner (1516–1565) as Bibliographer and Encyclopaedists" points out that Gesner made use of printed catalogues supplied by firms like Aldus Manutius of Venice and Henri Estienne of Paris.
Faith.
Gesner became famous after his publication of "Bibliotheca universalis". He received many offers of employment in the educational fields. One such offer came from the Fuggers of Augsburg, the richest family of Europe at the time. The Fuggers attached the condition of employment that he follow Catholicism. Gesner refused the offer since he was Protestant.
Bibliotheca selecta.
Gesner's work, with its heterodox principles and advanced Protestant scholarship was a direct challenge to the authority of the Catholic Church which soon banned the work in the Index librorum prohibitorum. The Counter Reformation's response took another generation of Catholic scholarship to produce and appeared on the Vatican press in Rome in 1593 under the programmatic title, Bibliotheca selecta. This updated "Anti-Gesner" was assembled in 18 books covering the bibliography of the traditional scientific disciplines (Theology, 1-11, Law, 12, Philosophy, 13, Medicine, 14) and the liberal arts, 15-18, by the Mantuan Jesuit humanist and bibliographer Antonio Possevino.

</doc>
<doc id="19378089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378089" title="Welsh Refugee Council">
Welsh Refugee Council

The Welsh Refugee Council is a sister organisation to the Refugee Council and Scottish Refugee Council, and works to help asylum seekers and refugees in Wales.
Funding cuts.
In January 2011, the UK Border Agency announced funding cuts for the Welsh Refugee Council, along with other refugee agencies across the country. It is thought that the "One Stop Service", which provides advice to asylum seekers and refugees in Wales could face cuts of 62%. Whilst, the Welsh Refugee Council welcomes the decision by the UK Minister of Immigration, Damien Green, to extend funding until early 2013, it remains anxious over the potential impact of spending cuts on the services it offers vulnerable people in urgent need of aid and assistance. 
In its response to planned cutbacks, the Welsh Refugee Council issued a joint statement with its counterparts in England and Scotland:
""Savage cuts to the refugee charity sector will force people who have already fled torture, conflict and persecution in their own countries to suffer even further while seeking safety in the UK.""

</doc>
<doc id="19378104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378104" title="Arceuthobium siskiyouense">
Arceuthobium siskiyouense

Arceuthobium siskiyouense is a species of dwarf mistletoe known as knobcone pine dwarf mistletoe. It is endemic to the Klamath Mountains of northern California and southern Oregon, where it lives as a parasite on knobcone pine trees. This is a brownish shrub which is visible as a network of scaly stems extending above the bark of its host tree. Most of the mistletoe is located inside the host tree, attached to it via haustoria, which tap the tree for water and nutrients. The leaves of the mistletoe are reduced to scales on its surface. 

</doc>
<doc id="19378123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378123" title="Arizona v. Youngblood">
Arizona v. Youngblood

Arizona v. Youngblood, , was an important United States Supreme Court case about the limits of Constitutional due process under criminal law.
Background.
A boy was molested and sodomized. The rape kit was preserved in a refrigerator, but the boy's clothes (containing samples of the assailant's semen) were not preserved in a refrigeration unit. At a later date, criminalists were unable to do testing on the clothing because it had deteriorated as a result of not being refrigerated. The boy picked the defendant out of a photo lineup as his assailant.
Next, the case developed as follows:
The defendant claimed that the state disposed of potentially exculpatory evidence by not properly preserving the evidence.
Opinion of the Court.
The Supreme Court held that there was no constitutional violation in this case. In the Court's holding, the Court stated: “e therefore hold that unless a criminal defendant can show bad faith on the part of the police, failure to preserve potentially useful evidence does not constitute a denial of due process of law.” The court relied on "United States v. Marion", , "United States v. Lovasco", , and other cases for its reasoning.
Subsequent developments.
In 2000, on request from Youngblood's attorneys, the police department tested the degraded evidence using new, sophisticated DNA technology. Those results exonerated Youngblood, and he was released from prison in August 2000, and charges were dismissed.
Shortly thereafter, the DNA profile from the evidence was entered into the national convicted offender databases. In early 2001, officials got a hit, matching the profile of Walter Cruise, who was then serving time in Texas on unrelated charges. In August 2002, Cruise was convicted of the crime and sentenced to twenty-four years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19378128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378128" title="Tomás Láidir Mac Coisdealbhaigh">
Tomás Láidir Mac Coisdealbhaigh

Tomás Láidir Mac Coisdealbhaigh, Irish soldier and poet, fl. 1660s.
Tomás Láidir Mac Coisdealbhaigh was a member of the Costello family of north Connacht who lost their lands in the Cromwellian confications of the 1650s. He was a descendant of Sir William de Angulo, who died in 1206. His brother was the Rapparee, Colonel Dubhaltach Caoch Mac Coisdealbhaigh.
Biography.
Mac Coisdealbhaigh was in love with Úna Ní Dhiarmaida but her family refused to allow them to marry. After several attempts, Mac Coisdealbhaigh made a last formal proposal, swearing that if he crossed Áth na Donóige (a ford on the Donóige river) on his way home without receiving an answer, he would never marry Úna. "He rode slowly and waited a long time in the ford itself, but finally on the mocking advice of his own servant, he crossed to the opposite bank. A messenger came soon after with news that he had been accepted, but he refused to go back on his oath. Úna died shortly afterward. Tomás killed the servant who gave him the evil counsel, and composed the famous song "Úna Bhán.""

</doc>
<doc id="19378139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378139" title="Arceuthobium monticola">
Arceuthobium monticola

Arceuthobium monticola is a species of dwarf mistletoe known as western white pine dwarf mistletoe. It is endemic to the Klamath Mountains of northern California and southern Oregon, where it lives as a parasite on western white pine trees. This is a brownish to reddish shrub which is visible as a network of scaly stems extending above the bark of its host tree. Most of the mistletoe is located inside the host tree, attached to it via haustoria, which tap the tree for water and nutrients. The leaves of the mistletoe are reduced to scales on its surface. 

</doc>
<doc id="19378145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378145" title="Life (manga)">
Life (manga)

The English language version of the manga, published by Tokyopop, was originally rated OT (Older Teen; 16+), but starting with the release of Volume 6 and carrying back over to future reprintings of the previous five, the rating was changed to M (Mature; 18+) for extremely explicit content in that volume. As of June 2008, nine volumes have been released in the United States; Volume 10 was scheduled for a September 2008 release, but on August 31, 2009, Kodansha (original Japanese publisher of the series) announced that they would drop their manga licensing contract with Tokyopop, leaving "Life" and other well-known series such as "Rave Master" unfinished, whether permanently or until picked up by other manga publishing companies (Dark Horse Manga and Del Rey Manga have already picked up certain titles). Kodansha also did not offer an explanation for their decision. The future of the English version of the manga is unknown, as Tokyopop itself shut down in May 2011 after they were faced with bankruptcy.
The live-action drama of the same name is produced by Fuji TV. A single-volume drama novelization was also created. Like the manga, it was published by Bessatsu Friend "and" written by Keiko Suenobu; "unlike" the manga, however, it saw a limited run and is now out of print.
Characters.
Her surname is Shinozuka, which is why Ayumu calls her Shii-chan (her given name is never mentioned in the manga; it is Yuko in the TV drama). Ayumu's ex-best friend from middle school. She had promised Ayumu that even if they went to different high schools, they'd still be friends. At the top of her class, she dreamed of getting into Nishidate to be like a girl who used to live next door to her. However, her grades began to slip due to tutoring Ayumu instead of focusing on her own schoolwork. Eventually Ayumu began scoring higher on her final exams, but lied about it in order to make Shii-chan feel better. Her dreams are shattered when the entrance exam results are posted and her grades are too low make it into Nishidate. When she discovers the truth, she blames Ayumu and angrily breaks off their friendship despite the promise she had made. It's her broken friendship with Shii-chan that drives Ayumu to begin cutting.
Live-action drama.
Fuji TV began airing a television drama based on the "Life" manga on June 30, 2007 at 11:10 PM (replacing Liar Game). The eleventh and final episode aired on September 15. The protagonist, Ayumu, was played by Kii Kitano. Popular singer Mika Nakashima performed the theme song, also titled "Life", which was sold as a single starting August 22 (mobile downloads began at the end of July). The actual soundtrack is now available in Japan, as is a full-series DVD boxed set; the latter was released on December 19. The plotline for the drama is much more focused on bullying than is the original manga, and many changes were made, ranging from mild and hardly noteworthy to significant and highly noticeable.

</doc>
<doc id="19378146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378146" title="TBS GB">
TBS GB

TBS GB (Telematic and Biomedical Services) is the UK arm of the ITAL TBS group of companies. ITAL TBS is one of the leading providers of healthcare/clinical engineering in Europe with total revenue (as of 2008) of US$ 200 million. The company is privately owned with various shareholders including GE, the Generali group and the company managers.
History.
ITAL TBS was established in the 1980s as an advanced research provider in a research environment. In 2004, the company acquired the clinical engineering arm of GE "Healthcare" in Europe. 

</doc>
<doc id="19378158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378158" title="Lincoln Avenue (Pasadena)">
Lincoln Avenue (Pasadena)

Lincoln Avenue is a major north-south road in Pasadena and Altadena, California, measuring 4.2 miles in length, and running from Downtown Pasadena to Millard Canyon.
History.
Lincoln Avenue was originally called "New Fair Oaks Avenue," as it branched off of Fair Oaks Avenue to reach Millard Canyon, at the time Pasadena's biggest source of water. As city development moved north, the street's name was changed to Lincoln Avenue to avoid confusion. A local streetcar line ran on Lincoln Avenue between Chestnut and Montana Streets.
Pasadena's first house was built on Lincoln Avenue, just northwest of Orange Grove Boulevard.
Geography.
Lincoln Avenue originally branched off in a northwestern direction from Fair Oaks Avenue near Chestnut Street, but the construction of Interstate 210 caused the road to be shortened by a block. It now begins on Maple Street.
The road continues northwest and is the central road in Pasadena's Lincoln-Villa neighborhood.
North of Seco Street, Lincoln Avenue straightens out and becomes a major commercial-industrial artery. The road terminates on Millard Canyon Road in the recently developed La Vina community.

</doc>
<doc id="19378165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378165" title="Margaret Wallace">
Margaret Wallace

Margaret Wallace (born May 30, 1967) is an American entrepreneur, gaming and media professional. In 2009, she co-founded Playmatics with Nicholas Fortugno in New York, New York. The company focuses on bringing new kinds of immersive experiences to casual gamers. In 2006, she was named one of the hundred most influential women in the game industry.
Education.
While in high school, Wallace participated in the Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange Scholarship, which allows students to study a year abroad in Germany. Under the scholarship, she attended a one-month language and cultural preparation course at The Experiment in International Living (now World Learning) in Brattleboro, Vermont and spent her final year of high school at the Gymnasium Mellendorf in Mellendorf, Lower Saxony, Germany.
As an undergraduate, she attended Boston University, where she studied Communication and Philosophy and received a Bachelor of Science with Distinction in 1989. Wallace subsequently studied Communication and Cultural Theory at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, earning an MA in 1996.
Career.
After Boston, Wallace moved to San Francisco, California, where she became professionally involved in the Internet and gaming, particularly casual games.
PF.Magic.
In 1996, Wallace joined PF Magic, a video game developer founded in 1991 and located in San Francisco, CA. Though it developed other types of video games, PF.Magic was arguably best known for its virtual pet games, such as "Dogz", "Catz", and "Oddballz"; Wallace participated in the development of:
Mindscape.
After Mindscape, Inc.’s acquisition of PF.Magic in early 1998, Wallace continued employment with the company’s online content group. The Learning Company (TLC) acquired Mindscape, Inc. in March 1998 for $150 million. Mattel soon purchased TLC in 1999 for $3.8 billion, renaming it "Mattel Interactive”.
The copyright on the "Petz", "Oddballz" and "Babyz" titles was eventually acquired by Ubisoft. Currently, Petz is Ubisoft’s number six top-selling brand, having sold over thirteen million units to date.
Shockwave.com.
In 1999, Wallace joined Shockwave.com—then operating under its early name, Shockrave.com. There she produced some of the company’s most popular titles, including Shockwave Tetris, Blix, Shockwave Jigsaw Puzzles, and content for Photo Greetings and Jigsaw Puzzle Maker.
For the 2000 Shockwave Tetris game, Wallace worked closely with Blue Planet Software on staying true to the Tetris brand. She also incorporated a techno soundtrack to this version of Tetris, having a techno version of the Tetris theme song composed. She also worked with Astralwerks Records who provided a track from Q-Burns Abstract Message called “Feng Shui” for the game. Beatnik, Inc. was the primary music provider for this version of Tetris. The game had a unique sonified accompaniment that is customized to a player’s individual gameplay and skill level.
Skunk Studios.
In 2001, Wallace went on to Co-Found and become Chief Executive Officer of Skunk Studios. Formed by all former employees of Shockwave.com, Skunk Studios was one of the first to call itself a casual game company. Skunk Studios is best known for titles including:
Rebel Monkey.
In 2007, Wallace cofounded and become Chief Executive Officer of Rebel Monkey Inc., a New York City-based entertainment company focused on providing new kinds of real-time immersive play for casual gamers. The company was cofounded with Nicholas Fortugno, lead designer behind the original Diner Dash game brand. In October 2007, the company secured an initial round of investment from Redpoint Ventures. In early 2009, Rebel Monkey announced the launch of casual Massively multiplayer online game "CampFu" and the Monkey Wrench gaming platform on which it is built.
CampFu
CampFu is an online virtual world with a summer camp theme. Emphasizing collaborative team play and aimed at the teenaged demographic, CampFu officially launched on March 17, 2009 after a beta stage that began in February of the same year. CampFu is free to play, but users can access premium content by purchasing in-world currency called FuCash and/or a VIP membership subscription. Users can also earn Tickets, which can be exchanged for clothing items, by playing CampFu games. Games currently playable include:
Rebel Monkey Inc. closed permanently after it failed to secure subsequent funding during the economic downturn in Summer 2009.
Playmatics.
In September 2009, Wallace and Nick Fortugno started a new company focused on game design and development called Playmatics, LLC. In 2010, Playmatics created the Fortugno-designed interactive comic "The Interrogation" for the television series "Breaking Bad". The game went on to be recognized for a CableFAX Best of the Web award. Other titles by Playmatics include Disney's The Kingdom Keepers "Race to Save the Magic."
Shadow Government, Inc..
In 2011, Wallace and Fortugno co-founded Shadow Government, Inc along with Philippe Trawnika. Shadow Government, Inc. is dedicated to bringing new forms of social gaming based on gamifying real countries, systems, and worldwide events.
Public Speaking.
Wallace is a frequent speaker on the state of the industry, business and casual and online games at conferences such as the Game Developers Conference/San Francisco, GC Developers Conference (Leipzig), Casual Connect, The Austin Game Conference, and the LA and NY Games Conference. She delivered a keynote on gamification at nextMedia Toronto. She was also a keynote speaker at the ICEC 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19378167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378167" title="Shipping terminal">
Shipping terminal

The term shipping terminal may apply to:

</doc>
<doc id="19378196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378196" title="Otago NORML">
Otago NORML

Otago University NORML (also known as simply Otago NORML or NORML Dunedin) is a pro cannabis law reform student club at the University of Otago, affiliated to the Otago University Students Association. It is not officially related to the national New Zealand cannabis law reform organisation NORML New Zealand or the international organisation NORML, based in the US, however the three organisations do interact at an unofficial level.
Most members are students or recent graduates of the University of Otago in Dunedin, Otago, New Zealand. The club operates out of the OUSA Clubs and Societies Centre and meets thrice weekly on the Otago University Union Lawn (Walnut Tree).
History.
Otago NORML has been active in various forms for many years.
1970s.
Tim Shadbolt speaks on campus in favour of cannabis legalisation. 
Future professor Sally Caswell investigates the effects of cannabis intoxication on subjects volunteered from among the ranks of Otago NORML.
1980s.
Radio One begins broadcasting including in the schedule a NORML radio show run by members of the Otago University branch, including future Dunedin Lawyer Noel Rayner.
1990s.
Otago University Pharmacology Professor Fred Fastier investigates cannabis use and cannabis control in New Zealand
2000s.
In 2000 OUSA passed a motion at an SGM that the association would officially support cannabis law reform in New Zealand.
In 2003 numerous members of Otago NORML marched to the Dunedin Central Police Station and hot-boxed the main foyer as part of the annual 'J-Day' protest. Around 50 people smoked cannabis inside the police station, resulting in no arrests. Cannabis plants were also planted in the front garden of the station]. When asked about their inaction in the Otago Daily Times, Inspector Dave Campbell of the Dunedin Police said they 'had better things to do'.
In 2004 the Dunedin Police Station was again hotboxed, this time by around 100 people, again resulting in no arrests. Weekly cannabis smoking sessions were then initiated on the Otago University campus.
In 2006 more motions were passed through OUSA at a Students General Meeting '...that OUSA declares the University campus a 'Prohibition Free Zone' where prohibition of cannabis shall not apply', and 'that OUSA condones the public smoking of cannabis on University grounds as a protest against cannabis prohibition'.
In 2007 the University's Campus Watch security were called to remove the group. However, the protesters stood their ground. In the same year, the OUSA passed a motion to 'recognise and publicise the knowledge that alcohol use is more harmful than cannabis use'.
In 2008 the first annual Cannabis Awareness Week was held and Otago NORML stated they had unofficially renamed Dunedin 'Dunsterdam'. As a result the University invited undercover Police on to campus to surveil and attempt to disrupt Otago NORML's activities.
In September 2008 the group were the focus of campus wide attention over their initiative to instate a Cannabis Law Reform Representative on Otago University Students Association executive and to have the Association build an elevated 'smokers balcony' as part of the redevelopment of their Clubs and Societies Centre. There was considerable backlash against these initiatives and the final agenda for the Student General Meeting, held on September 25, saw numerous motions seeking to remove official OUSA support for the group. The meeting was over 2 hours long and over 270 Association members were in attendance, one of the largest turnouts for an SGM in the association's history. In the end no motions were passed and the status quo was maintained, except for that the motion to 'recognise and publicise the knowledge that alcohol use is more harmful than cannabis use' was rescinded.
Cannabis protests.
The group meets every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 4:20pm to smoke cannabis as an act of protest against 'New Zealand's unjust cannabis prohibition laws'. It began as Friday only in 2004. Wednesday was added in 2008 and Monday was added in 2013. Over the last 9 years this practise has continued for, no arrests have occurred at the event. However members of the group have been targeted by police and arrested at other times. The group was placed under surveillance by the Dunedin Police Tactical Response Group sometime prior to May 2008. The fifth anniversary of the '420' protests was held on September 11, 2009 and was briefly attended by Police, but no arrests were made.
2008.
After considerable media and police interest, several trespass notices were issued to non-student members and the group leader was charged for cannabis offences at a market day. The leader initially plead not-guilty to all charges, but later plead guilty to possessing cannabis and resisting and obstructing police in February 2009, leading him to be discharged without conviction on all charges in December 2009.
Initial confrontations with authorities.
Members of Otago University NORML (Otago NORML) came to the attention of the New Zealand Police after a series of incidents involving the Otago University private security service Campus Watch. The Campus Watch had attempted to prevent club members from congregating on the Otago University Union Lawn and smoking cannabis on Fridays throughout late 2007. As a result, the group began smoking cannabis on Wednesdays as well. When students continued smoking cannabis on University property, Otago University administrative authorities called in the Police.
Beginning of Undercover surveillance.
Otago NORML members had suspected police surveillance of their twice weekly '420 smoke-up protest' group from as early as February 2008. This suspicion was officially confirmed in June 2008 when a Police visited the 420 protest for the first time. During this June incident several non-students were trespassed from the University campus. When one of the people who had been trespassed attempted to re-enter the campus, three plainclothes police officers attempted to enforce the trespass order. This was met by outrage from the wider protest group, who photographed the police officers.
Arrests.
In July 2008, the leader of Otago NORML was arrested for smoking cannabis at a Market Day on the University Union Lawn. The search powers of the officers was contested at the time by the arrestee, and the ensuing verbal altercation attracted considerable attention from the Market Day crowd. Several students attempted to physically prevent the officers from conducting the arrest. Plainclothes officers emerged from the student crowd and began to assist with the arrest and crowd control as they waited for additional police units to arrive. The arrest was covered on the front page of the local newspaper, the Otago Daily Times.
Posters.
Several weeks later, posters titled "Narkiology 101 - How To Spot a Nark" began to appear around the Otago University campus showing the pictures, names and badge identification numbers of the five plainclothes police officers dressed up as students that had so far been identified. In late 2008 the popular Tui beer brand ran one of their famous 'Yeah Right!' billboards in the Dunedin student quarter that referred to 'Narkiology'
Annual events.
J-Day.
J-Day is held on the first Saturday in May of every year in the Octagon. The event is a protest/rally including guest speakers, music, games and more, usually running from 'High Noon' to '4:20'.
Cannabis Awareness Week.
Cannabis Awareness Week is a week long programme of guest speakers, workshops, lectures, protests, movie screenings and other related events designed to educate the students of Otago University and the wider Dunedin community about the cannabis plant and people who use it.
Merry Cannabis.
Merry Cannabis is a 'Summer J-Day' held in December at various locations around New Zealand, depending on the summer itineraries of Otago NORML members.
Publications.
NORML News.
"NORML News" is the official magazine of NORML New Zealand. It features news, politics, stories, pictures of marijuana, tips on growing marijuana and photos from events/activities. Members of Otago University NORML frequently contribute original articles.
'Overgrown' Radio.
"Overgrown" is a Cannabis Law Reform themed radio show hosted by members of Otago NORML on University of Otago's student radio station Radio One (91.0 FM in Dunedin, New Zealand, worldwide via podcasts. It airs live on Friday evenings from 9:00 pm to 11 pm (New Zealand time). Archived shows can be downloaded from the Otago NORML website.

</doc>
<doc id="19378200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378200" title="Representation theory">
Representation theory

Representation theory is a branch of mathematics that studies abstract algebraic structures by "representing" their elements as linear transformations of vector spaces, and studies 
modules over these abstract algebraic structures. In essence, a representation makes an abstract algebraic object more concrete by describing its elements by matrices and the algebraic operations in terms of matrix addition and matrix multiplication. The algebraic objects amenable to such a description include groups, associative algebras and Lie algebras. The most prominent of these (and historically the first) is the representation theory of groups, in which elements of a group are represented by invertible matrices in such a way that the group operation is matrix multiplication.
Representation theory is a powerful tool because it reduces problems in abstract algebra to problems in linear algebra, a subject that is well understood. Furthermore, the vector space on which a group (for example) is represented can be infinite dimensional, and by allowing it to be, for instance, a Hilbert space, methods of analysis can be applied to the theory of groups. Representation theory is also important in physics because, for example, it describes how the symmetry group of a physical system affects the solutions of equations describing that system.
A striking feature of representation theory is its pervasiveness in mathematics. There are two sides to this. First, the applications of representation theory are diverse: in addition to its impact on algebra, representation theory illuminates and vastly generalizes Fourier analysis via harmonic analysis, is deeply connected to geometry via invariant theory and the Erlangen program, and has a profound impact in number theory via automorphic forms and the Langlands program. The second aspect is the diversity of approaches to representation theory. The same objects can be studied using methods from algebraic geometry, module theory, analytic number theory, differential geometry, operator theory, algebraic combinatorics and topology.
The success of representation theory has led to numerous generalizations. One of the most general is a categorical one. The algebraic objects to which representation theory applies can be viewed as particular kinds of categories, and the representations as functors from the object category to the category of vector spaces. This description points to two obvious generalizations: first, the algebraic objects can be replaced by more general categories; second the target category of vector spaces can be replaced by other well-understood categories.
A "representation" should not be confused with a "presentation".
Definitions and concepts.
Let "V" be a vector space over a field F. For instance, suppose "V" is R"n" or C"n", the standard "n"-dimensional space of column vectors over the real or complex numbers respectively. In this case, the idea of representation theory is to do abstract algebra concretely by using "n" × "n" matrices of real or complex numbers.
There are three main sorts of algebraic objects for which this can be done: groups, associative algebras and Lie algebras.
This generalizes to any field F and any vector space "V" over F, with linear maps replacing matrices and composition replacing matrix multiplication: there is a group GL("V",F) of automorphisms of "V", an associative algebra EndF("V") of all endomorphisms of "V", and a corresponding Lie algebra gl("V",F).
Definition.
There are two ways to say what a representation is. The first uses the idea of an action, generalizing the way that matrices act on column vectors by matrix multiplication. A representation of a group "G" or (associative or Lie) algebra "A" on a vector space "V" is a map
with two properties. First, for any "g" in "G" (or "a" in "A"), the map
is linear (over F). Second, if we introduce the notation "g" · "v" for Φ ("g", "v"), then for any "g"1, "g"2 in "G" and "v" in "V":
where "e" is the identity element of "G" and "g"1"g"2 is product in "G". The requirement for associative algebras is analogous, except that associative algebras do not always have an identity element, in which case equation (1) is ignored. Equation (2) is an abstract expression of the associativity of matrix multiplication. This doesn't hold for the matrix commutator and also there is no identity element for the commutator. Hence for Lie algebras, the only requirement is that for any "x"1, "x"2 in "A" and "v" in "V":
where ["x"1, "x"2] is the Lie bracket, which generalizes the matrix commutator "MN" − "NM".
The second way to define a representation focuses on the map "φ" sending "g" in "G" to a linear map "φ"("g"): "V" → "V", which satisfies
and similarly in the other cases. This approach is both more concise and more abstract.
From this point of view:
Terminology.
The vector space "V" is called the representation space of "φ" and its dimension (if finite) is called the dimension of the representation (sometimes "degree", as in ). It is also common practice to refer to "V" itself as the representation when the homomorphism "φ" is clear from the context; otherwise the notation ("V","φ") can be used to denote a representation.
When "V" is of finite dimension "n", one can choose a basis for "V" to identify "V" with F"n" and hence recover a matrix representation with entries in the field F.
An effective or faithful representation is a representation ("V","φ") for which the homomorphism "φ" is injective.
Equivariant maps and isomorphisms.
If "V" and "W" are vector spaces over F, equipped with representations "φ" and "ψ" of a group "G", then an equivariant map from "V" to "W" is a linear map "α": "V" → "W" such that
for all "g" in "G" and "v" in "V". In terms of "φ": "G" → GL("V") and "ψ": "G" → GL("W"), this means
for all "g" in "G".
Equivariant maps for representations of an associative or Lie algebra are defined similarly. If "α" is invertible, then it is said to be an isomorphism, in which case "V" and "W" (or, more precisely, "φ" and "ψ") are "isomorphic representations".
Isomorphic representations are, for all practical purposes, "the same": they provide the same information about the group or algebra being represented. Representation theory therefore seeks to classify representations "up to isomorphism".
Subrepresentations, quotients, and irreducible representations.
If ("W","ψ") is a representation of (say) a group "G", and "V" is a linear subspace of "W" that is preserved by the action of "G" in the sense that "g" · "v" ∈ "V" for all "v" ∈ "V" (Serre calls these "V" "stable under G"), then "V" is called a "subrepresentation": by defining "φ"("g") to be the restriction of "ψ"("g") to "V", ("V", "φ") is a representation of "G" and the inclusion of "V" into "W" is an equivariant map. The quotient space "W"/"V" can also be made into a representation of "G".
If "W" has exactly two subrepresentations, namely the trivial subspace {0} and "W" itself, then the representation is said to be "irreducible"; if "W" has a proper nontrivial subrepresentation, the representation is said to be "reducible".
The definition of an irreducible representation implies Schur's lemma: an equivariant map "α": "V" → "W" between irreducible representations is either the zero map or an isomorphism, since its kernel and image are subrepresentations. In particular, when "V" = "W", this shows that the equivariant endomorphisms of "V" form an associative division algebra over the underlying field F. If F is algebraically closed, the only equivariant endomorphisms of an irreducible representation are the scalar multiples of the identity.
Irreducible representations are the building blocks of representation theory: if a representation "W" is not irreducible then it is built from a subrepresentation and a quotient that are both "simpler" in some sense; for instance, if "W" is finite dimensional, then both the subrepresentation and the quotient have smaller dimension.
Direct sums and indecomposable representations.
If ("V","φ") and ("W","ψ") are representations of (say) a group "G", then the direct sum of "V" and "W" is a representation, in a canonical way, via the equation
The direct sum of two representations carries no more information about the group "G" than the two representations do individually. If a representation is the direct sum of two proper nontrivial subrepresentations, it is said to be decomposable. Otherwise, it is said to be indecomposable.
In favourable circumstances, every representation is a direct sum of irreducible representations: such representations are said to be semisimple. In this case, it suffices to understand only the irreducible representations. In other cases, one must understand how indecomposable representations can be built from irreducible representations as extensions of a quotient by a subrepresentation.
Branches and topics.
Representation theory is notable for the number of branches it has, and the diversity of the approaches to studying representations of groups and algebras. Although, all the theories have in common the basic concepts discussed already, they differ considerably in detail. The differences are at least 3-fold:
Finite groups.
Group representations are a very important tool in the study of finite groups. They also arise in the applications of finite group theory to geometry and crystallography. Representations of finite groups exhibit many of the features of the general theory and point the way to other branches and topics in representation theory.
Over a field of characteristic zero, the representation theory of a finite group "G" has a number of convenient properties. First, the representations of "G" are semisimple (completely reducible). This is a consequence of Maschke's theorem, which states that any subrepresentation "V" of a "G"-representation "W" has a "G"-invariant complement. One proof is to choose any projection "π" from "W" to "V" and replace it by its average "π""G" defined by
"π""G" is equivariant, and its kernel is the required complement.
The finite dimensional "G"-representations can be understood using character theory: the character of a representation "φ": "G" → GL("V") is the class function "χ""φ": "G" → F defined by
where formula_12 is the trace. An irreducible representation of "G" is completely determined by its character.
Maschke's theorem holds more generally for fields of positive characteristic "p", such as the finite fields, as long as the prime "p" is coprime to the order of "G". When "p" and |"G"| have a common factor, there are "G"-representations that are not semisimple, which are studied in a subbranch called modular representation theory.
Averaging techniques also show that if F is the real or complex numbers, then any "G"-representation preserves an inner product formula_13 on "V" in the sense that
for all "g" in "G" and "v", "w" in "W". Hence any "G"-representation is unitary.
Unitary representations are automatically semisimple, since Maschke's result can be proven by taking the orthogonal complement of a subrepresentation. When studying representations of groups that are not finite, the unitary representations provide a good generalization of the real and complex representations of a finite group.
Results such as Maschke's theorem and the unitary property that rely on averaging can be generalized to more general groups by replacing the average with an integral, provided that a suitable notion of integral can be defined. This can be done for compact groups or locally compact groups, using Haar measure, and the resulting theory is known as abstract harmonic analysis.
Over arbitrary fields, another class of finite groups that have a good representation theory are the finite groups of Lie type. Important examples are linear algebraic groups over finite fields. The representation theory of linear algebraic groups and Lie groups extends these examples to infinite dimensional groups, the latter being intimately related to Lie algebra representations. The importance of character theory for finite groups has an analogue in the theory of weights for representations of Lie groups and Lie algebras.
Representations of a finite group "G" are also linked directly to algebra representations via the group algebra F["G"], which is a vector space over F with the elements of "G" as a basis, equipped with the multiplication operation defined by the group operation, linearity, and the requirement that the group operation and scalar multiplication commute.
Modular representations.
Modular representations of a finite group "G" are representations over a field whose characteristic is not coprime to |"G"|, so that Maschke's theorem no longer holds (because |"G"| is not invertible in F and so one cannot divide by it). Nevertheless, Richard Brauer extended much of character theory to modular representations, and this theory played an important role in early progress towards the classification of finite simple groups, especially for simple groups whose characterization was not amenable to purely group-theoretic methods because their Sylow 2-subgroups were "too small".
As well as having applications to group theory, modular representations arise naturally in other branches of mathematics, such as algebraic geometry, coding theory, combinatorics and number theory.
Unitary representations.
A unitary representation of a group "G" is a linear representation "φ" of "G" on a real or (usually) complex Hilbert space "V" such that "φ"("g") is a unitary operator for every "g" ∈ "G". Such representations have been widely applied in quantum mechanics since the 1920s, thanks in particular to the influence of Hermann Weyl, and this has inspired the development of the theory, most notably through the analysis of representations of the Poincaré group by Eugene Wigner. One of the pioneers in constructing a general theory of unitary representations (for any group "G" rather than just for particular groups useful in applications) was George Mackey, and an extensive theory was developed by Harish-Chandra and others in the 1950s and 1960s.
A major goal is to describe the "unitary dual", the space of irreducible unitary representations of "G". The theory is most well-developed in the case that "G" is a locally compact (Hausdorff) topological group and the representations are strongly continuous. For "G" abelian, the unitary dual is just the space of characters, while for "G" compact, the Peter-Weyl theorem shows that the irreducible unitary representations are finite dimensional and the unitary dual is discrete. For example, if "G" is the circle group "S"1, then the characters are given by integers, and the unitary dual is Z.
For non-compact "G", the question of which representations are unitary is a subtle one. Although irreducible unitary representations must be "admissible" (as Harish-Chandra modules) and it is easy to detect which admissible representations have a nondegenerate invariant sesquilinear form, it is hard to determine when this form is positive definite. An effective description of the unitary dual, even for relatively well-behaved groups such as real reductive Lie groups (discussed below), remains an important open problem in representation theory. It has been solved for many particular groups, such as SL(2,R) and the Lorentz group.
Harmonic analysis.
The duality between the circle group "S"1 and the integers Z, or more generally, between a torus "T""n" and Z"n" is well known in analysis as the theory of Fourier series, and the Fourier transform similarly expresses the fact that the space of characters on a real vector space is the dual vector space. Thus unitary representation theory and harmonic analysis are intimately related, and abstract harmonic analysis exploits this relationship, by developing the analysis of functions on locally compact topological groups and related spaces.
A major goal is to provide a general form of the Fourier transform and the Plancherel theorem. This is done by constructing a measure on the unitary dual and an isomorphism between the regular representation of "G" on the space L2("G") of square integrable functions on "G" and its representation on the space of L2 functions on the unitary dual. Pontrjagin duality and the Peter-Weyl theorem achieve this for abelian and compact "G" respectively.
Another approach involves considering all unitary representations, not just the irreducible ones. These form a category, and Tannaka-Krein duality provides a way to recover a compact group from its category of unitary representations.
If the group is neither abelian nor compact, no general theory is known with an analogue of the Plancherel theorem or Fourier inversion, although Alexander Grothendieck extended Tannaka-Krein duality to a relationship between linear algebraic groups and tannakian categories.
Harmonic analysis has also been extended from the analysis of functions on a group "G" to functions on homogeneous spaces for "G". The theory is particularly well developed for symmetric spaces and provides a theory of automorphic forms (discussed below).
Lie groups.
A Lie group is a group that is also a smooth manifold. Many classical groups of matrices over the real or complex numbers are Lie groups. Many of the groups important in physics and chemistry are Lie groups, and their representation theory is crucial to the application of group theory in those fields.
The representation theory of Lie groups can be developed first by considering the compact groups, to which results of compact representation theory apply. This theory can be extended to finite dimensional representations of semisimple Lie groups using Weyl's unitary trick: each semisimple real Lie group "G" has a complexification, which is a complex Lie group "G"c, and this complex Lie group has a maximal compact subgroup "K". The finite dimensional representations of "G" closely correspond to those of "K".
A general Lie group is a semidirect product of a solvable Lie group and a semisimple Lie group (the Levi decomposition). The classification of representations of solvable Lie groups is intractable in general, but often easy in practical cases. Representations of semidirect products can then be analysed by means of general results called "Mackey theory", which is a generalization of the methods used in Wigner's classification of representations of the Poincaré group.
Lie algebras.
A Lie algebra over a field F is a vector space over F equipped with a skew-symmetric bilinear operation called the Lie bracket, which satisfies the Jacobi identity. Lie algebras arise in particular as tangent spaces to Lie groups at the identity element, leading to their interpretation as "infinitesimal symmetries". An important approach to the representation theory of Lie groups is to study the corresponding representation theory of Lie algebras, but representations of Lie algebras also have an intrinsic interest.
Lie algebras, like Lie groups, have a Levi decomposition into semisimple and solvable parts, with the representation theory of solvable Lie algebras being intractable in general. In contrast, the finite dimensional representations of semisimple Lie algebras are completely understood, after work of Élie Cartan. A representation of a semisimple Lie algebra g is analysed by choosing a Cartan subalgebra, which is essentially a generic maximal subalgebra h of g on which the Lie bracket is zero ("abelian"). The representation of g can be decomposed into weight spaces that are eigenspaces for the action of h and the infinitesimal analogue of characters. The structure of semisimple Lie algebras then reduces the analysis of representations to easily understood combinatorics of the possible weights that can occur.
Infinite dimensional Lie algebras.
There are many classes of infinite dimensional Lie algebras whose representations have been studied. Among these, an important class are the Kac-Moody algebras. They are named after Victor Kac and Robert Moody, who independently discovered them. These algebras form a generalization of finite-dimensional semisimple Lie algebras, and share many of their combinatorial properties. This means that they have a class of representations that can be understood in the same way as representations of semisimple Lie algebras.
Affine Lie algebras are a special case of Kac-Moody algebras, which have particular importance in mathematics and theoretical physics, especially conformal field theory and the theory of exactly solvable models. Kac discovered an elegant proof of certain combinatorial identities, Macdonald identities, which is based on the representation theory of affine Kac-Moody algebras.
Lie superalgebras.
Lie superalgebras are generalizations of Lie algebras in which the underlying vector space has a Z2-grading, and skew-symmetry and Jacobi identity properties of the Lie bracket are modified by signs. Their representation theory is similar to the representation theory of Lie algebras.
Linear algebraic groups.
Linear algebraic groups (or more generally, affine group schemes) are analogues in algebraic geometry of Lie groups, but over more general fields than just R or C. In particular, over finite fields, they give rise to finite groups of Lie type. Although linear algebraic groups have a classification that is very similar to that of Lie groups, their representation theory is rather different (and much less well understood) and requires different techniques, since the Zariski topology is relatively weak, and techniques from analysis are no longer available.
Invariant theory.
Invariant theory studies actions on algebraic varieties from the point of view of their effect on functions, which form representations of the group. Classically, the theory dealt with the question of explicit description of polynomial functions that do not change, or are "invariant", under the transformations from a given linear group. The modern approach analyses the decomposition of these representations into irreducibles.
Invariant theory of infinite groups is inextricably linked with the development of linear algebra, especially, the theories of quadratic forms and determinants. Another subject with strong mutual influence is projective geometry, where invariant theory can be used to organize the subject, and during the 1960s, new life was breathed into the subject by David Mumford in the form of his geometric invariant theory.
The representation theory of semisimple Lie groups has its roots in invariant theory and the strong links between representation theory and algebraic geometry have many parallels in differential geometry, beginning with Felix Klein's Erlangen program and Élie Cartan's connections, which place groups and symmetry at the heart of geometry. Modern developments link representation theory and invariant theory to areas as diverse as holonomy, differential operators and the theory of several complex variables.
Automorphic forms and number theory.
Automorphic forms are a generalization of modular forms to more general analytic functions, perhaps of several complex variables, with similar transformation properties. The generalization involves replacing the modular group PSL2 (R) and a chosen congruence subgroup by a semisimple Lie group "G" and a discrete subgroup "Γ". Just as modular forms can be viewed as differential forms on a quotient of the upper half space H = PSL2 (R)/SO(2), automorphic forms can be viewed as differential forms (or similar objects) on "Γ"\"G"/"K", where "K" is (typically) a maximal compact subgroup of "G". Some care is required, however, as the quotient typically has singularities. The quotient of a semisimple Lie group by a compact subgroup is a symmetric space and so the theory of automorphic forms is intimately related to harmonic analysis on symmetric spaces.
Before the development of the general theory, many important special cases were worked out in detail, including the Hilbert modular forms and Siegel modular forms. Important results in the theory include the Selberg trace formula and the realization by Robert Langlands that the Riemann-Roch theorem could be applied to calculate the dimension of the space of automorphic forms. The subsequent notion of "automorphic representation" has proved of great technical value for dealing with the case that "G" is an algebraic group, treated as an adelic algebraic group. As a result an entire philosophy, the Langlands program has developed around the relation between representation and number theoretic properties of automorphic forms.
Associative algebras.
In one sense, associative algebra representations generalize both representations of groups and Lie algebras. A representation of a group induces a representation of a corresponding group ring or group algebra, while representations of a Lie algebra correspond bijectively to representations of its universal enveloping algebra. However, the representation theory of general associative algebras does not have all of the nice properties of the representation theory of groups and Lie algebras.
Module theory.
When considering representations of an associative algebra, one can forget the underlying field, and simply regard the associative algebra as a ring, and its representations as modules. This approach is surprisingly fruitful: many results in representation theory can be interpreted as special cases of results about modules over a ring.
Hopf algebras and quantum groups.
Hopf algebras provide a way to improve the representation theory of associative algebras, while retaining the representation theory of groups and Lie algebras as special cases. In particular, the tensor product of two representations is a representation, as is the dual vector space.
The Hopf algebras associated to groups have a commutative algebra structure, and so general Hopf algebras are known as quantum groups, although this term is often restricted to certain Hopf algebras arising as deformations of groups or their universal enveloping algebras. The representation theory of quantum groups has added surprising insights to the representation theory of Lie groups and Lie algebras, for instance through the crystal basis of Kashiwara.
Generalizations.
Set-theoretical representations.
A "set-theoretic representation" (also known as a group action or "permutation representation") of a group "G" on a set "X" is given by a function ρ from "G" to "X""X", the set of functions from "X" to "X", such that for all "g"1, "g"2 in "G" and all "x" in "X":
This condition and the axioms for a group imply that ρ("g") is a bijection (or permutation) for all "g" in "G". Thus we may equivalently define a permutation representation to be a group homomorphism from G to the symmetric group S"X" of "X".
Representations in other categories.
Every group "G" can be viewed as a category with a single object; morphisms in this category are just the elements of "G". Given an arbitrary category "C", a "representation" of "G" in "C" is a functor from "G" to "C". Such a functor selects an object "X" in "C" and a group homomorphism from "G" to Aut("X"), the automorphism group of "X".
In the case where "C" is VectF, the category of vector spaces over a field F, this definition is equivalent to a linear representation. Likewise, a set-theoretic representation is just a representation of "G" in the category of sets.
For another example consider the category of topological spaces, Top. Representations in Top are homomorphisms from "G" to the homeomorphism group of a topological space "X".
Two types of representations closely related to linear representations are:
Representations of categories.
Since groups are categories, one can also consider representation of other categories. The simplest generalization is to monoids, which are categories with one object. Groups are monoids for which every morphism is invertible. General monoids have representations in any category. In the category of sets, these are monoid actions, but monoid representations on vector spaces and other objects can be studied.
More generally, one can relax the assumption that the category being represented has only one object. In full generality, this is simply the theory of functors between categories, and little can be said.
One special case has had a significant impact on representation theory, namely the representation theory of quivers. A quiver is simply a directed graph (with loops and multiple arrows allowed), but it can be made into a category (and also an algebra) by considering paths in the graph. Representations of such categories/algebras have illuminated several aspects of representation theory, for instance by allowing non-semisimple representation theory questions about a group to be reduced in some cases to semisimple representation theory questions about a quiver.

</doc>
<doc id="19378233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378233" title="Nicholas Fortugno">
Nicholas Fortugno

Nicholas Fortugno (born May 13, 1975) is an American game designer and educator. Fortugno is CCO of Playmatics LLC, a New York City-based game development studio focusing on casual games and cofounded with Margaret Wallace.
Fortugno is perhaps best known for designing Diner Dash, a top-selling casual game developed by Gamelab, and the award-winning . In addition to his large body of digital work, Fortugno has been involved in the design of numerous non-digital projects, including board games, collectable trading card games, large-scale social games, and live-action role-playing games (LARP).
Since 2002, Fortugno has taught the Game Design and Interactive Narrative program at Parsons The New School for Design, and has contributed to the development of the school’s game design curriculum. Fortugno also hosts and writes for the game journal and review site Critical Smack!.
Early Biography and Education.
Born in the Bronx, New York, Fortugno was raised primarily in Yonkers, New York, where he attended Gorton High School. Fortugno earned B.A.’s in English and Philosophy from the State University of New York College at Purchase in 1997. Between 2000 and 2002, he attended the City University of New York as a doctoral student in English Literature, and then Hunter College as a Master's student, with a concentration on post-war American novels.
Career.
Gamelab.
Fortugno worked at Gamelab starting in 2000, ultimately becoming Director of Game Design before leaving in 2006. Fortugno acted as lead designer and co-designer for many digital Gamelab projects, including:
Diner Dash
Diner Dash is an action strategy game in which the player takes the role of Flo, a stockbroker who quits her job to run her own diner. One of the top-selling downloadable games of 2004, Diner Dash was later ported to mobile phone, given a retail release and made available via 100% advert-supported download. Versions have been created for the PSP, Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS platforms. GamingTalkHQ reported that a version for Xbox Live Arcade for the Xbox 360 was imminent. To date, Diner Dash has been downloaded over a half a billion times across all of its platforms.
Rebel Monkey.
Cofounded in 2007 by Fortugno and Margaret Wallace, Rebel Monkey is a New York City-based casual game development studio. Rebel Monkey received $1 million in first-round funding from Redpoint Ventures in February 2008. In July 2008, Rebel Monkey released “Habitat Rescue”, a downloadable strategy game designed by Fortugno in which the player directs a group of lions in restoring their polluted savanna habitat. “Habitat Rescue” is currently distributed by National Geographic and RealArcade. In early 2009, Rebel Monkey announced the launch of casual Massively multiplayer online game "CampFu".
CampFu
CampFu was an online virtual world with a summer camp theme. Emphasizing collaborative team play and aimed at the teenaged demographic, CampFu officially launched on March 17, 2009 after a beta stage that began in February of the same year. CampFu was free to play, but users could access premium content by purchasing in-world currency called FuCash and/or a VIP membership subscription. Users could also earn Tickets, which could be exchanged for clothing items, by playing CampFu games. Games that were playable in Camp Fu included:
CampFu was built on Rebel Monkey Inc.'s Monkey Wrench development platform.
Playmatics.
In September 2009, Fortugno and Wallace started a new company focused on game design and development called Playmatics, LLC. In 2010, Playmatics created the Fortugno-designed interactive comic "The Interrogation" for the television series "Breaking Bad". The game went on to be recognized for a CableFAX Best of the Web award. Other titles by Playmatics include Disney's The Kingdom Keepers "Race to Save the Magic."
Social and Non-Digital Games.
In 2003, Fortugno teamed with Katie Salen and Frank Lantz to design the Big Urban Game (BUG) for the University of Minnesota’ Design Celebration. The BUG consisted of a race between three teams, each of which attempted to move a 25-foot high inflatable game piece past a series of checkpoints set through the Twin Cities.
Fortugno, Salen, and Lantz later collaborated again to make Slow Games, a two-page spread of games for Metropolis Magazine’s 25th Anniversary issue in April 2006.
Later that year, Fortugno was one of five founders (including Greg Trefry, Catherine Herdlick, Mattia Romeo, and Peter Seung-Tek Lee) of Come Out & Play (CO&P), the world’s first street game festival. The first CO&P ran in New York City from September 22 to 24. With Trefry and Romeo, Fortugno designed the street game Insider; Fortugno also ran his original existential horror LARP entitled Ghost Engines in the Sky. The following year, Amsterdam hosted the CO&P as part of the PICNIC festival in 2007. CO&P returned to NYC June 6 to 8 2008.
In Come Out & Play 2010 in NYC, Nick Fortugno partnered with Samuel Strick to create Humanoid Asteroids. Humanoid Asteroids has run in New York City, the following CO&P in San Francisco, and at Indiecade in Los Angeles. Humanoid Asteroids has also been covered by the game news blog Kotaku.
As part of Gamelab, Fortugno has designed several non-digital games for the Game Developers Conference, including: Alphabet City, Confquest, Leviathan, Pantheon, and Supercollider. He was also involved in the design process of the Mighty Beanz collectable card game and the X-Pod Face-Off board game.
Live-Action Role-Playing Games.
While attending SUNY Purchase in the mid-90’s, Fortugno began his Seasons of Darkness LARP, which ran for several years and was reported on in "Rules of Play" by Salen and Eric Zimmerman and Daniel Mackay’s "The Fantasy Roleplaying Game".
In addition to Seasons of Darkness and CO&P’s Ghost Engines in the Sky, Fortugno has created a multitude of additional LARP’s, including A Measure for Marriage, a live-action role-playing game modeled after a Shakespearean comedy designed to facilitate a friend’s marriage proposal. Fortugno also created No Meaner Name than Diplomacy, an upstairs/downstairs LARP performed at Gen Con.
Writing.
Fortugno has written a number of articles on game design and interactive narrative, including educational games, live-action roleplaying games, game usability, and interactive narrative in console games such as Shadow of the Colossus. Fortugno also hosts and writes for the games blog Critical Smack!, in which Fortugno plays and live-blogs his critical reactions to the games he plays in approximately hour-long sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="19378234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378234" title="Pierre-Dominique Bazaine">
Pierre-Dominique Bazaine

Pierre-Dominique Bazaine (1786 - 1838) (Пётр Петрович Базен) was a French scientist and engineer. He was educated at the École polytechnique in Paris as an engineer. At the request of Alexander I of Russia he was sent to Russia by Napoleon I as an army officer in the engineering corps to set up an institute for the education of transportation engineers, and in 1824 he became its director. Bazaine remained in Russia until 1834, organizing transportation routes and directing the work of inland navigation. He was responsible for many of the bridges of St. Petersburg and its outskirts (including a number of the small and elegant lightweight iron bridges in the Summer Garden), as well as other major civil engineering projects, including flood protection. He received many Honours and Awards for his extensive contribution to the infrastructure of Russia, as well as Honorary Fellowship of a number of science academies across Europe for his ground-breaking mathematical theses. He finally returned to France in 1834 and died in Paris aged 52 in 1838.
Career.
He was born 13 January 1786, in the town of Scy-sur-Moselle, son of Pierre Bazaine (1760-1832) and Francoise Gilbert. Educated in Paris, graduate of the Ecole polytechnique and the Ecole des ponts. Initially he practised as an Engineer in Italy and Southern France. His outstanding abilities drew the attention of Napoleon I who subsequently recommended him to the Russian Emperor Czar Alexander I, along with engineers Fabrom, Destremom and Potier, to take up senior posts in the Russia corps of Civil Engineers. Bazaine arrived in St.Petersburg, Russia in 1810 with Lieutenant Fabrom but due war with France, did not immediately take up his post. Instead he was sent to Odessa under the Governor-General of the Duke de Richelieu, where his first work was at the Russian port of Evpatoriya. He was then sent to Yaroslavl, to Poshehone and then in 1812 due to the war with France, he was deported to Eastern Siberia, where he spent more than two years. Bazaine devoted himself entirely to science and analytics whilst in Siberia, writing his great treatise on differential calculus and several memoirs about plane geometry and properties of various lengths in three dimensions. In 1815, with the end of war in Europe, he returned to St. Petersburg where with the new rank of Colonel, he was appointed Chair Professor of Higher Analytics and Mechanics at the Civil Engineering Institute. In 1820, he was promoted to Major-General and in 1823 he was appointed a member of the Council Ways and Communications, being made Inspector-General. In January 1824, He became Director of the Imperial Russian Academy of Sciences, St. Petersburg, and also Chairman of the Committee for Buildings and Hydraulic works in St.Petersburg. In 1828, Bazaine returned to France but on his return to Russia was promoted to Lieutenant General on 1 April 1830. Bazaine's structural engineering works were extensive and much remains in the historic infrastructure in Russia. His main works are: 
For the last buildings he wrote a remarkable treatise, in which he argued for the possibility of huge water savings in the Ladoga Canal, by ships passing through its locks: "Mémoire sur les bassins d'épargne" (napech. in Zapiskah Acad. Sciences). From 1820-1832 Bazaines prominent works include: rebuilding St. Isaac's Cathedral and on the same design building several other churches; the first chain bridge in Russia at Ekaterina park; restructuring, under his personal supervision, Ohtenskogo powder factory; deepening the river estuary at Neva and its channels; erection of buildings of the Senate and the Synod; rebuilding the University; the remarkable construction of the dome over the cathedral of St.Trinity (at the St. Petersburg side), 87 feet in diameter. Some of the bridges in St.Petersburg which he is responsible for include Demidov Bridge and First Engineer Bridge. These and many other constructions brought Bazaine several awards: in addition to the above, he was awarded the Order of St.Vladimir, the Grand Cross of St.Alexander Nevsky; Commander of the French Legion of Honour, Prussian Order of the Red Eagle (1st Class). He was elected an honorary fellow of St Petersburg Academy and the Science Academies of Turin, Munich, Stockholm and St Petersburg. He conceived the constructions of the floors of the Winter Palace, the Theater Alexandrinski and the Cathedral of the St.Trinidad. He directed the works of construction of the Obvodni channel, the buildings Senate and Synod of the sluices of Shlisselbourg, of the hydraulic constructions of the Okhtinski factory. He also masterminded the first project to protect St.Petersburg against flooding. He writes several treaties on mathematics, transportation and the civil genius including a monograph on steamboats and their use in navigating canals and rivers. He was made a member of the Mineralogical Society of St. Petersburg University in 1834. Deteriorating health prompted Bazaine to resign, and in 1834 he was transferred to the corps of military engineers, but heart disease forced Bazaine to return to Paris where he died on 29 September 1838 and was buried at the Montmartre Cemetery.
Family.
He married Marie-Madeleine Vasseur and they had 3 children, 2 sons and a daughter. His daughter Melanie (1808-1852) married the engineer Benoît Paul Émile Clapeyron in 1834. His eldest son, also Pierre-Dominique Bazaine (known as Adolphe) (1809-1893) was also a Civil Engineer and an important Railway engineer in the 1840s. He married an English woman Elizabeth Hayter, elder daughter of the English Court Painter Sir George Hayter. His second son was Francois Achille Bazaine, a distinguished soldier who became a Marshal of France. He abandoned his family just prior to the birth of Achille, leaving it without financial support.

</doc>
<doc id="19378248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378248" title="Kalckstein">
Kalckstein

People with the German surname Kalckstein include:

</doc>
<doc id="19378277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378277" title="20 Inolvidables">
20 Inolvidables

20 Inolvidables (Eng.: "20 Unforgettables") is a compilation album released by the Mexican groups Los Bukis and Los Temerarios. This album became the second number-one album for Los Bukis and the fourth for Los Temerarios in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.
Tracklisting.
All tracks performed by Los Bukis were written by Marco Antonio Solís and the tracks performed by Los Temerarios written by Adolfo Angel Alba, otherwise is noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19378280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378280" title="Boxing at the 2006 South American Games">
Boxing at the 2006 South American Games

The Boxing Tournament at the 2006 South American Games was held in Buenos Aires, Argentina from November 10 to November 15.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19378297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378297" title="New South Wales C30 class locomotive">
New South Wales C30 class locomotive

The C30 class was a class of steam locomotives built by Beyer, Peacock and Company and Eveleigh Railway Workshops for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
These 4-6-4T wheel arrangement locomotives were specifically designed to haul Sydney's ever increasing suburban traffic, particularly over the heavy grades on the Northern, North Shore and Illawarra lines.
Service.
The first batch of 35 locomotives were built Beyer, Peacock and Company entering service in 1903/04. Between 1905 and 1917 Beyer, Peacock built a further 60 engines while the New South Wales Government Railways built 50 at their Eveleigh Railway Workshops.
The electrification of the inner suburban lines resulted in a surplus of the class too valuable to scrap. Accordingly, between August 1928 and July 1933, 77 of these locomotives were converted to C30T tender 4-6-0 type locomotives by Clyde Engineering and Eveleigh Railway Workshops to replace older locomotives on country branch lines.
The remaining tank locomotives were mostly employed on Sydney suburban services to Cowan, Penrith and Campbelltown as well as branches to Carlingford, Richmond and Camden. They were also used on suburban services in Newcastle and Wollongong.
A few drifted to the country areas, working on sections where no turntable was readily available, such as Casino to Border Loop on the North Coast line, Leeton and Merriwa and shunting at yards such as Bathurst. The daily passenger trains on the extremely steep Unanderra to Moss Vale line were operated by 30 class locomotives until February 1967.
Following the electrification of the country platforms at Sydney Central station, the 30 class replaced the 26 class locomotives used to shunt carriages in the yard, they being not so dangerous to water under the traction wiring.
Demise and Preservation.
The first was withdrawn in February 1957, by July 1965 the fleet was down to 33 and by mid-1971 down to three. The last, 3085, was withdrawn on 22 February 1973. It was the second last steam locomotive in service on the NSWGR.

</doc>
<doc id="19378307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378307" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle prone">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre rifle prone

Men's 50 metre rifle prone (then known as "small-bore free rifle") was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics. It was the first Olympic competition after the introduction of the new target in 1989, and thus two Olympic records were set. The first was set by Hubert Bichler with 598 points in the qualification round. All his seven adversaries in the final started just one point behind him on 597. Two of them, Lee Eun-chul and Harald Stenvaag, surpassed him to win gold and silver respectively, with Lee establishing a new final Olympic record. Stevan Pletikosić finished on exactly the same score as Bichler, and the rules at the time broke the tie by best final score, giving Pletikosić the bronze medal.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19378339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378339" title="Live &amp; Indestructible">
Live &amp; Indestructible

Live & Indestructible is an EP album by American rock band Disturbed. It was released on September 30, 2008, exclusively through iTunes Store, and then on October 7, 2008, it was available on other online retailers. It features three live tracks, from Disturbed's first online concert at Deep Rock Drive. It also features the music video for "Indestructible's" third official single and title track, "Indestructible". The EP was also sold at Hot Topic stores exclusively in compact disc format, featuring an alternative cover. That version features an extra song, "Stupify", and lacks the music video for "Indestructible".

</doc>
<doc id="19378412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378412" title="Rotodynamic pump">
Rotodynamic pump

A rotodynamic pump is a kinetic machine in which energy is continuously imparted to the pumped fluid by means of a rotating impeller, propeller, or rotor, in contrast to a positive displacement pump in which a fluid is moved by trapping a fixed amount of fluid and forcing the trapped volume into the pump's discharge. Examples of rotodynamic pumps include adding kinetic energy to a fluid such as by using a centrifugal pump to increase fluid velocity or pressure.
References.
A Rotodynamic pump is not to be confused with Roto Dynamics Inc; a rotational molding company located in Orange County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19378426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378426" title="From a Boy to a Man">
From a Boy to a Man

From a Boy to a Man is the seventh studio album from American rapper San Quinn.

</doc>
<doc id="19378454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378454" title="Arctomecon merriamii">
Arctomecon merriamii

Arctomecon merriamii is a species of poppy known by several common names, including desert bearpoppy, white bearpoppy, and great bearclaw poppy. It is native to the Mojave Desert of California and Nevada. 
This is a taprooted perennial herb producing stout, waxy stems 20 to 50 centimeters tall. Hairy pale green leaves with rounded teeth are located around the base of the plant. The inflorescence at the tip of each stem is composed of one white poppy flower with six petals up to 4 centimeters long and green sepals covered in long, white hairs. The fruit is a capsule up to 3.5 centimeters long containing many tiny seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19378464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378464" title="Melanie Churella">
Melanie Churella

Melanie Ester Churella is a former Miss Michigan and local Detroit TV personality.
Churella was named Miss Michigan in 1987 after the original Miss Michigan, Kaye Lani Rae Rafko, became Miss America.
Churella went on to anchor live news updates on Detroit's WXON-TV (now WMYD) until 1995, when the station became a WB affiliate and the news updates were removed from the programming schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="19378477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378477" title="MakFest">
MakFest

MakFest () founded in 1986, is the largest festival of Macedonian popular music. It is held every year in November, in Štip, Republic of Macedonia, at the Cultural Center "Aco Šopov" (). MakFest is a member of FIDOF (International Federation of Festival Organizations) with headquarters in Los Angeles, CA, USA. In 1997, MakFest was awarded the "Festival of The Year" distinction by FIDOF. 

</doc>
<doc id="19378488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378488" title="Thienopyridine">
Thienopyridine

Thienopyridines are a class of ADP receptor/P2Y12 inhibitors used for their anti-platelet activity.
Examples.
Drugs in this class are:
Prasugrel (Effient),
Ticlopidine (Ticlid), Clopidogrel (Plavix), and Ticagrelor (Brilinta).

</doc>
<doc id="19378494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378494" title="Ernst II, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg">
Ernst II, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg

Ernst Wilhelm Friedrich Carl Maximilian, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (13 September 1863, Langenburg, Württemberg – 11 December 1950, Langenburg, Baden-Württemberg, West Germany), a German aristocrat, was the Regent of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha during the minority of his wife’s cousin, Duke Charles Edward, from 1900 to 1905.
Biography.
Family.
Born in Langenburg, Kingdom of Württemberg on 13 September 1863, Ernst was the oldest of three children, and the only son, of Hermann, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, and Princess Leopoldine of Baden, daughter of Prince William of Baden. He was also the grand-nephew of Queen Victoria. He married her granddaughter, Princess Alexandra of Edinburgh, daughter of The Prince Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Duke of Edinburgh and Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna, on 20 April 1896 at the Ehrenburg Palace ("Schloss" Ehrenburg) in Coburg, Germany.
Education.
After finishing high school in Karlsruhe, the young prince studied law in Paris, Bonn, Tübingen and Leipzig, where he graduated in 1885 with the first legal exam in Naumburg. He also gained membership in the Corps Suevia Tübingen (1st Class) in 1884, when he was at the University of Tübingen and Borussia Bonn in 1886, because he had gone to the University of Bonn. After his officer training in Berlin-Lichterfelde (1886-1891), he passed the diplomatic examination (1890-1891) with the appointment as Secretary of the Imperial German Embassy in St. Petersburg and London (1891-1894). In the following years he worked in Strasbourg as an assistant for his father, Prince Hermann, the Imperial Governor of Alsace-Lorraine, and prepared himself for his future as a Peer of the Kingdom of Württemberg.
Career.
Because his wife was the daughter of Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Ernst became the Regent of the Duchy after the death of the Duke. From 30 July 1900 to 18 July 1905, he governed Saxe-Coburg and Gotha on the behalf of the still immature successor, Charles Edward. In 1901, Ernst was awarded with the Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown of Württemberg. Afterwards, he made several unsuccessful attempts to gain a foothold in the politics of the German Empire. He served as the Head of the Colonial Department of the Foreign Office (1906–1906) and the Deputy (1907–1911) and Vice President (1909–1910) of the "Reichstag". In 1913, on the death of his father, Ernst became the Prince of Hohelohe-Langeburg, entitling him to sit in the "Kammer der Standesherren" [House of Lords of Württemberg, where he had already been serving as his father’s deputy since 1895. He would keep his seat until the November Revolution of 1918. During the First World War, the Prince was active as a volunteer in the military hospitals as well as the General Delegate to the Eastern Front and Imperial Commissioner and military inspector. He was also sent in 1915 as a special envoy to Constantinople and the Balkans.
Relationship with the Nazi Party.
After Adolf Hitler came to power in 1936, Ernst joined his son (who had already entered in 1931) in the Nazi Party with the membership number of 3726902.
Retirement.
After the Second World War, Ernst and his wife retired to private life. While his wife was suffering from various illnesses, he was dedicated to church and nursing activities and was a member of the German Evangelical Church Assembly (the "Kirchentag"), Commander of the "Württemberg-Badenschen Genossenschaft" (Württemberg-Baden Cooperative), Governor of the Bailiwick of Brandenburg Order of St. John, Honorary President of the Württemberg State Association of the Red Cross as well as of the Evangelical People’s League of Württemberg ("Evangelischen Volksbund für Württemberg"). On 11 December 1950, Ernst died at the age 87 at Langenburg, Baden-Württemberg, in what was then West Germany.
Children.
The children of Prince Ernst and Princess Alexandra of Hohelohe-Langenburg were descended from both Queen Victoria and Victoria's half-sister Feodora of Leiningen. They were:

</doc>
<doc id="19378500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378500" title="Asami Mizukawa">
Asami Mizukawa

She made her debut in 1997 at age of thirteen in an advertisement for Asahi Kasei's "Hebel Haus". In 2000, she won the "Grand Prix" at the “3rd Miss Tokyo Walker” competition (the first winner was Chiaki Kuriyama) and gained the supporting role in the 2002 J-horror film "Dark Water". She has since appeared in many films, television dramas, and commercials.

</doc>
<doc id="19378525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378525" title="Happy Shopper">
Happy Shopper

Happy Shopper is an English brand of independent convenience products. The brand is owned by cash and carry company Booker Group. 
The brand was also formerly used for a convenience store franchise but as of 2013 very few stores still operate under the Happy Shopper name and most rebranded under the Premier Stores brand also controlled by Booker Group. 
The products are sold by Booker to independent convenience stores and off-licences. Products include groceries, frozen foods, carbonated drinks and confectionery. The brand's logo was a smiling face with blonde hair. This logo was controversially dropped from the Happy Shopper products and packaging in 2000, as part of a redesign by Partners In Communication, a design consultant company.

</doc>
<doc id="19378544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378544" title="Halifax Regional Municipality municipal election, 2008">
Halifax Regional Municipality municipal election, 2008

The Halifax Regional Municipality is governed by a mayor (elected at large) and a twenty-three person council, who are elected by geographic district; municipal elections occur every four years. HRM has established community councils where three or more councillors agree to form these councils to deal primarily with local development issues. Most community council decisions are subject to final approval by regional council. The current Mayor of the Halifax Regional Municipality is Peter J. Kelly. 
The Halifax Regional Council is responsible for all facets of municipal government, including the Halifax Regional Police, Halifax Public Libraries, Halifax Fire and Emergency, Halifax Regional Water Commission, parks and recreation, civic addressing, public works, waste management, and planning and development.
The 2008 municipal elections of the Halifax Regional Municipality took place on 18 October 2008 in conjunction with Municipal elections across the province. Elections have been held every four years since the amalgamation of the cities of Halifax and Dartmouth, the town of Bedford and Halifax County into the Halifax Regional Municipality in 1996. The regional council is made up of twenty three councillors and one mayor, all positions were up for election.
There are no political parties at the municipal level in Nova Scotia, so all candidates run as independents. Voter turnout in the last 2004 mayoral election was 54.45%.
Advance voting was available using an internet voting system.
Halifax Regional Municipality Mayor.
"(Polls reporting: 569 of 570)"
District 1: Eastern Shore - Musquodoboit Valley.
"2004 Election - Steve Streatch 2,366 (46.4%); Laurie Taylor 1,367 (26.9%); Martin Singh 740 (14.59%); Randy Carter 600 (11.83%) - Voter turnout: 54.58%"
District 2: Waverley - Fall River - Beaver Bank.
"2004 Election - Krista Snow 2,577 (34.86%); Wayne MacRae 2,317 (31.34%); David Merrigan 1,573 (21.28%); Alexander Boyd 866 (11.71%); John Woods 60 (0.81%) - Voter turnout: 58.57%"
District 3: Preston - Lawrencetown - Chezzetcook.
"2004 Election - David Hendsbee 4,217 (71.58%); Dexter Power 1,244 (21.12%); David Hill 430 (7.30%) - Voter Turnout: 43.93%"
District 4: Cole Harbour.
"2004 Election - Harry McInroy 3,566 (54.19%); Ron Cooper 3,014 (45.81%) - Voter Turnout: 48.22%"
District 5: Dartmouth Centre.
"2004 Election - Gloria McCluskey 3,217 (54.13%); John M. Cunningham 1,546 (26.01%); Peter Majeau 1,180 (19.86%) - Voter turnout: 50.51%"
District 6: Dartmouth East - The Lakes.
"2004 Election - Andrew Younger 3,263 (51.74%); Brian Warshick 2,748 (43.58%); Henry (Hank) J. White 295 (4.68%) - Voter Turnout: 52.19%"
District 7: Portland - East Woodlawn.
"2004 Election - Bill Karsten 1,656 (25.89%); Emmett Austin 1,533 (23.96%); Monique Smith 1,505 (23.53%); Norman Wiechert 1,243 (19.43%); John L. MacDougall 460 (7.19%) - Voter Turnout: 54.05%"
District 8: Woodside - Eastern Passage.
"2007 By-election - Jackie Barkhouse 48.31; Brian Birt 25.12; David F Boyd 2; Beverley Skaalrud-Woodfield 24.58"
"2004 Election - Becky Kent 1,977 (39.53%); Bruce F. Hetherington 1,359 (27.17%); Maurice Henneberry 1,049 (20.98%); Steven Michael Barkhouse 616 (12.32%) - Voter Turnout: 42.95%"
District 9: Albro Lake - Harbourview.
"2004 Election - Jim Smith 2,421 (66.73%); Clint Schofield 1,207 (33.27%) - Voter turnout: 36.14%"
District 10: Clayton Park West.
"2004 Election - Mary Wile 1097 (27.28%); Jeff Campbell 987 (24.55%); David Salah 789 (19.62%); Christine Smith 594 (14.77%); Daniel Roukema 554 (13.78%) - Voter turnout: 42.18%"
District 11: Halifax North End.
"2004 Election - Patrick Murphy 1745 (35.15%); Eva Moore 1457 (29.35%); Debbie Kelly 603 (12.15%); Jocelyn Yerxa 556 (11.20%); Pat Pottie 381 (7.68%); Michael White 112 (2.26%); Michael Parsons 110 (2.22%) - Voter Turnout: 45.83%"
District 12: Halifax Downtown.
"2004 Election - Dawn Marie Sloane 1586 (51.78%); Irvine Carvery 717 (23.41%); Caley MacLennan 439 (14.33%); Mark Daye 321 (10.48%) - Voter Turnout: 35.83%"
District 13: Northwest Arm - South End and Sable Island.
"2004 Election - Sue Uteck 3141 (62.45%); Beverly Miller 1636 (32.52%); John Davis 253 (5.03%) - Voter turnout: 47.03%"
District 14: Connaught - Quinpool.
"2004 Election - Sheila Fougere 3894 (81.01%); Stephen Parsons 777 (16.16%); Alexander Sang Lam 136 (2.83%) - Voter Turnout: 46.50%"
District 15: Fairview - Clayton Park.
"2004 Election - Russell Walker 2953 (69.17%); Nathaniel Smith 1316 (30.83%) - Voter Turnout: 43.52%"
District 16: Rockingham - Wentworth.
"2003 By-Election - Debbie Hum 65.53%; Mary Wile 34.39%"
District 17: Purcell's Cove - Armdale.
"2004 Election - Linda Mosher 3545 (68.32%); Graham Read 1087 (20.95%); Bill Meagher 557 (10.73%) - Voter turnout: 53.08%"
District 18: Spryfield - Herring Cove.
"2004 Election - Steve Adams 3164 (62.47%); Bruce Cooke 1005 (19.84%); Jerry MacKinlay 612 (12.08%); Charlie Reardon 284 (5.61%) - Voter Turnout: 46.13%"
District 19: Sackville - Lucasville.
"2004 Election - Brad 'BJ' Johns 4028 (70.33); Raymond Smardon 827 (14.44%); Phil Syms 620 (10.83%); John Ferguson 252 (4.40%) - Voter turnout: 49.05%"
District 20: Lower Sackville.
"2004 Election - Bob Harvey 3089 (54.23%); George A Hoskins 1613 (28.32%); Steve Blackmore 994 (17.45%) - Voter turnout: 48.85"
District 21: Bedford.
"2006 By-election - Gary Martin 56.07; Ed McHugh 43.93"
District 22: Timberlea - Prospect.
"2004 Election - Reg Rankin 2038 (28.5%); Barb Allen 1999 (27.96%); Jack Mitchell 1426 (19.94%); Gary Sampson 732 (10.24%); Kathy Melanson 591 (8.27%); Lisa Mullin 201 (2.81%); Dennis Kirby 163 (2.28%) - Voter Turnout: 54.89%"
District 23: Hammonds Plains - St. Margaret's.
"2004 Election - Gary Meade 2984 (47.68%); Byron Kennedy 1177 (18.8%); Mike Marriott 650 (10.39%); Bill Woodwort 629 (10.05%); Kevin Hubley 535 (8.55%); John Profit 284 (4.54%) - Voter Turnout: 54.73%"

</doc>
<doc id="19378550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378550" title="Article">
Article

Article may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19378572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378572" title="Zhulong (mythology)">
Zhulong (mythology)

Zhulong () or Zhuyin (, or "Torch Shadow") was a giant red draconic solar deity in Chinese mythology. It supposedly had a human's face and snake's body, created day and night by opening and closing its eyes, and created seasonal winds by breathing.
Names.
The keyword in the names Zhuyin and Zhulong is "zhu" (simplified ) "torch; candle; shine upon; illuminate; light up" (cf. "zhuo" "burn; illuminate; bright"). One alternate "Chuci" name below writes "zhu" with the variant Chinese character "zhuo" or "quarrel, squabble; distant, far".
Zhuyin uses "zhu" as a verb "illuminate; brighten" with "yin" (simplified ) "dark; shady; cloudy; overcast", which is the feminine principle of Yin and Yang. "Yin" recurs below in the term "jiuyin" 九陰 "ninefold darkness".
Zhulong uses "zhu" as a modifier "torch; candle" with "long" (simplified ) "Chinese dragon". Compare the homophone "zhulong" 燭籠 "lantern" with "long" "basket; cage; receptacle".
Early textual references.
Zhuyin and Zhulong were first recorded in Chinese classic texts dating from the Han Dynasty (206 BCE-220 CE) and recording myths from the Zhou Dynasty (1122 BCE-256 BCE).
Shanhaijing.
The (ca. 3rd century BCE-1st century CE ) "Shanhaijing" "Classic of the Mountains and Seas" records parallel myths about Zhuyin and Zhulong.
"The Classic of Regions Beyond the Seas: The North" section (8) describes Zhuyin 燭陰 on Mount Zhong 鍾山.
The deity of Mount Bell is named Torch Shade. When this deity's eyes look out there is daylight, and when he shuts his eyes there is night. When he blows it is winter, and when the calls out it is summer. He neither drinks, nor eats, nor breathes. If this god does breathe, there are gales. His body is a thousand leagues long. Torch Shade is east of the country of Nolegcalf. He has a human face and a snake's body, and he is scarlet in colour. The god lives on the lower slopes of Mount Bell. (tr. Birrell 2000:121) 
Visser (1913:62-3) renders Zhuyin as "Enlightener of the Darkness" and translates the commentary of Guo Pu (276-324 CE).
'Enlightener' is a dragon; he enlightens the nine "yin" (darknesses, i.e. the nine points of the compass at the opposite, dark side of the earth, which is a flat disk; these nine points are North, South, East, West, North-east, North-west, South-east, South-west, and the Centre)". (tr. Visser 1913:62) 
"The Classic of the Great Wilderness: The North" section (17) describes Zhulong 燭龍 living on Mount Zhangwei 章尾山.
Beyond the northwest seas, north of the River Scarlet there is Mount Brillianttail. There is a god-human here with a human face and a snake's body, and he is scarlet. He has vertical eyes that are in a straight seam. When this deity closes his eyes, there is darkness. When the deity look with his eyes, there is light. He neither eats, nor sleeps, nor breathes. The wind and the rain are at his beck and call. This deity shines his torch over the ninefold darkness. This deity is Torch Dragon. (tr. Birrell 2000:188) 
The "yin" in this "jiuyin" 九陰 "ninefold darkness" context explains using the "dragon" name Zhulong instead of "darkeness" name Zhuyin. Guo Pu quotes a legend from a no longer extant "Shijing" commentary (tr. Major 1993:204), "The sky is insufficient to cover the northwest, so there is no ebb and flow of yang and yin. Therefore a dragon carries a torch in its mouth to light up the sky."
Chuci.
The (3rd-2nd centuries BCE) "Chuci" "Songs of Chu" mentions Zhulong 燭龍 and Zhuolong 逴龍 with the graphic variant "zhuo" or "chuo" "argue, quarrel, squabble; far".
The "Tianwen" 天問 "Heavenly Questions" section (3, cf. "Bashe") asks about Zhulong. Compare these translations:
The "Dazhao" 大招 "Great Summons" section (10, tr. Hawkes 1985:234) uses the alternate name Zhuolong 逴龍 or 趠龍 "distant/quarreling dragon": "In the north are the Frozen Mountain, and the Torch Dragon, glaring red."
Huainanzi.
The (2nd century BCE) "Huainanzi" "Philosophers of Huainan" contains a "Zhuixing" 墬形訓 "Treatise on Topography" chapter (4) that refers to Zhulong. This context mentions Xiaoming 宵明 "Night Bright" and Zhuguang 燭光 "Torch Gleam", who were daughters of the legendary Shun.
Lighting Darkness and Candle-Gleam are on an island in the Yellow River; they illumine an area of one thousand li. The Dragon Gate is in the depths of the Yellow River. … The Torch Dragon dwells north of Wild Goose Gate. He hides himself in Abandoned Wings Mountain and never sees the sun. This god has a human face and a dragon body, but no feet. (tr. Major 1993:196) 
The commentary of Gao You 高誘 (ca. 168-212 CE, tr. Major 1993:163) explains, ""Weiyu" is the name of a mountain … in the shade of the northern limit, the sun cannot be seen." Mount Weiyu 委羽, notes Major, might mean "abandoned wings," "broken wings," "shed feathers," or something else.
Dongmingji.
The "Dongmingji" 洞冥記 "Record of Penetrating the Mysteries", which describes ritual activities of Emperor Wu of Han (r. 141-87 BCE), is traditionally attributed to Guo Xian 郭憲 (fl. 25-57 CE) but probably dates (Smith 2008:368) from around the 6th century. Although this text does not mention Zhuyin or Zhulong, Wu's Daoist advisor Dongfang Shuo describes a mythical northern "qinglong" 青龍 "Azure Dragon" with a "zhu" 燭 "torch".
… in the year 99 before our era the emperor Wu convoked a meeting of magicians and learned men, at which Tung Fang-soh spoke as follows: "I made a journey to the north pole, and came to a mountain planted with fire, which neither the sun, nor the moon ever illumines, but which is lighted to its uttermost bounds by a blue dragon by means of a torch which it holds in its jaws. I found in that mountain gardens, fields, and parks with ponds, all studded with strange trees and curious plants, and with shrubs which had luminiferous stalks, seeming at night to be lamps of gold. These stalks could be broken off and used as torches, in the light of which the spectres were visible. Ning-fung, the immortal had always eaten this plant, the consequence being that in the darkness of the night there beamed light out of his belly. It is called the herb which pierces darkness. (tr. Groot 1910 6:1167) 
This namesake torch-like plant is called "dongmingcao" 洞冥草 "penetrating the mysteries herb".
Interpretations.
Zhuyin 燭陰 or Zhulong 燭龍 was not the only serpent-bodied celestial deity in Chinese folklore, other examples include Pangu, Fuxi, and Nüwa.
The mythic Torch Dragon embodied sunlight. Carr (1990:155) cites a Chinese-language article by Kwang-chih Chang characterizing it with the Eastern Zhou "Transformation Thesis" that natural elements transform out of the bodily parts of mythical creatures.
Major (1993:203-4) describes the Torch Dragon as "well-known in early Chinese mythology" and suggests it is probably "a mythical interpretation of the aurora borealis."

</doc>
<doc id="19378591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378591" title="United States v. Causby">
United States v. Causby

United States v. Causby was an important United States Supreme Court that held that the ancient common law doctrine of "ad coelum" had no legal effect "in the modern world." In the case, Causby sued the United States for trespassing on his land, complaining specifically about how "low-flying military planes caused the plaintiffs' chickens to 'jump up against the side of the chicken house and the walls and burst themselves open and die' . . . The plaintiffs sued the government, arguing that they were entitled to compensation under the takings clause of the Fifth Amendment."
Background.
Under the common law, persons who owned real property owned it "from the depths to the heavens".
Therefore, real estate traditionally has included all rights to water, oil, gas, and other minerals underground, and over.
Holding.
The United States Supreme Court held in this case that "this doctrine has no place in the modern world," at least as far as air rights are concerned, but it remains as a source of law to this day, or "fundamental to property rights in land.":
The court's decision, authored by Justice William O. Douglas, could have resolved the case on a narrow ground by simply holding that there was a taking of land because the government's flights affected the land. Justice Douglas did reach that conclusion, but then he went much further and opined on what airspace landowners do and do not own. He wrote that "if the landowner is to have full enjoyment of the land, he must have exclusive control of the immediate reaches of the enveloping atmosphere. Otherwise buildings could not be erected, trees could not be planted, and even fences could not be run" . . . Thus, a landowner "owns at least as much of the space above the ground as he can occupy or use in connection with the land," and invasions of that airspace "are in the same category as invasions of the surface."
The Court did not extend its interpretation to what lies "under" the ground, just "over".

</doc>
<doc id="19378602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378602" title="S G Brown Ltd">
S G Brown Ltd

S. G. Brown Ltd was established in 1903 by British engineer Sidney George Brown, to manufacture scientific instruments, its best known product was the gyroscopic compass. 
When World War II started, in order to increase the company's productive capacity, the Admiralty financed an extension to the factory which the company ran on the Admiralty's behalf. By 1940, relations between the company and the Admiralty had become strained. The reason for the deterioration in the relations between the company and the Admiralty was a conflict over war-time priorities and the unwillingness of the company to carry out the Admiralty's wishes.
At the end of the war, the Labour Government retained control because of the importance of gyroscopic instruments in the development of postwar defence programmes.
In 1948, the firm moved from its premises in Acton to Watford. A joint venture gyroscope was developed with the Arma division of the Bosch Arma Corporation.
In 1960 the company was sold to the De Havilland division of Hawker Siddeley.
S G Brown was later owned by Vosper Thornycraft which merged it with another of its companies, TSS (motion sensor and subsea pipe/cable tracker specialist) in April 2000 to develop underwater gyros, the company now selling all products under the name VT TSS International.
Following a management buyout from the VT group and several subsequent years trading as 'TSS International', TSS were purchased by the Teledyne group in 2008 and now trade as Teledyne TSS International. Some products continue to be sold under the SG Brown banner; principally gyrocompass and hand-steering units for military vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="19378614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378614" title="St. Peter's College, Dunboyne">
St. Peter's College, Dunboyne

St. Peter's College, Dunboyne is an Irish secondary school located in Dunboyne, County Meath. The current School Principal is Ms. Maureen Murray who was preceded by Mr. Eamonn Gaffney.
History.
The process of providing a school for Dunboyne began in earnest in September 1992, when the Parent Teacher Association of Dunboyne National School called a public meeting to ascertain the need for post primary education in the area. The early months were not without controversy, particularly in relation to the proposed management structures and trustees of the school. However the subsequent agreement reached between Co. Meath Vocational Education Committee (VEC) and the Bishop of Meath fostered a tremendously positive relationship between all parties involved. Since then, the VEC has been abolished and were replaced by Louth and Meath Education and Training Board. St. Peter’s College opened in September 1994 with an enrolment of 75 first-year students. Today, the student population stands at almost 1000.
In 2013, Eamonn Gaffney retired from role as principal and was replaced by Maureen Murray, one of the former Deputy Principals. The Deputy Principals are now Patrick O'Leary and Liam Greene.
The school features up-to-date facilities, with a new extension completed in September 2009. Plans have been drawn up to add a further 15 rooms to the school.
The school crest replicates a simple Celtic design, representing the concepts of hope (Dóchas), heritage (Dúchas) and diligence (Díocas).
Extra-Curricular activities.
St. Peter’s College provides a wide range of extra-curricular activities for the students of the college.
Music
Sport
School Tours
School Life.
Every day at 8:45 there is an assembly held in the local community centre where a roll call is taken and announcements are made. It is usually said by either Ms. Murray or Mr. O'Leary. Every Thursday, there is a musical performance by the students following which, the students head to their first class at 8:55.
Subjects.
The subjects taught in St. Peter's College at Junior Certificate level and the number of times a week they are taught.
Student Awards.
At the end of each academic year, the school's Awards Ceremony takes place. At the ceremony, many awards are given to students in recognition of achievements, both academic and otherwise.
There are eight major awards:
Achievements.
The students of St. Peter's College have achieved greatly over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="19378721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378721" title="Joseph Sydney Yorke">
Joseph Sydney Yorke

Sir Joseph Sydney Yorke KCB (6 June 1768 – 5 May 1831) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the American Revolutionary, the French Revolutionary and the Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral.
Family and early life.
Yorke was born in Great Berkhampstead, Hertfordshire, on 6 June 1768, the second son, by his second marriage, of the politician Charles Yorke. He joined the navy at the age of 11, becoming a midshipman aboard , then under the command of Sir Charles Douglas, on 15 February 1780. He followed Douglas to his next command, , which flew the flag of Admiral George Rodney. Yorke was then present at Rodney's victory over François Joseph Paul de Grasse at the Battle of the Saintes from 9 April to 12 April 1782. The end of the American Revolutionary War led to the "Formidable" returning to Britain to be paid off. Yorke remained in employment however, transferring with Douglas to , and then moving to , under the command of Sir Erasmus Gower, filling the post of master's mate. Yorke spent three years in total serving on the Newfoundland Station.
Promotions.
Yorke was promoted to lieutenant on 16 June 1789, and moved aboard the 50-gun to serve under Admiral Sir Richard Hughes. He later served as lieutenant aboard and and in February 1791 he was appointed master and commander of the sloop . He remained aboard her, carrying out cruises into the English Channel until the outbreak of war with France in 1793. He was promoted to Post-Captain on 4 February 1793 and given command of the frigate , then part of a squadron under Admiral Richard Howe. He patrolled off the French port of Brest, and captured the corvette "L'Espiegle".
Yorke moved to in August 1794, and continued to serve in the Channel, occasionally ranging into the North Sea. On 22 August the "Stag" and a small British squadron chased two large ships and a cutter, eventually bringing the sternmost one to battle. An hour long fight ensued, after which the enemy, subsequently found to be the Batavian frigate "Alliance", was forced to surrender. Yorke moved to command the newly built in March 1800, and by 1801 was in command of the 74-gun third rate . He commanded her until the Treaty of Amiens in 1802 brought a period of temporary peace. On the resumption of the war in 1803 Yorke was appointed to the 98-gun , followed by and then , an 80-gun former Danish ship captured at the Battle of Copenhagen in 1807.
Knighthood and flag rank.
Yorke was knighted during this period of service, on 21 April 1805, by King George III. On 23 April, Yorke was present at the installation of the Knights of the Garter, standing in for his brother, Philip Yorke, Earl of Hardwicke. Philip was at this time Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and so was unable to be present in person. In 1810 Joseph Yorke's brother, Charles Philip Yorke became First Lord of the Admiralty and Joseph was transferred from command of the "Christian VII" to take up a seat on the Admiralty board.
Joseph Yorke was promoted to Rear-Admiral of the Blue on 31 July 1810 and hoisted his flag in the 74-gun in January 1811. He sailed to the Tagus carrying reinforcements for Arthur Wellesley's army, fighting in the Peninsular War. After carrying this out he escorted a fleet returning to Britain from the East Indies. Yorke was promoted to Rear-Admiral of the White on 12 August 1812, Rear-Admiral of the Red on 4 December 1813, Vice-Admiral of the Blue on 14 June 1814, and served on the Admiralty board until resigning in April 1818. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the restructuring of that order in January 1815, promoted Vice-Admiral of the White on 12 August 1819, and promoted to Admiral of the Blue on 22 July 1830.
Parliamentary career.
Yorke stood as a candidate for the constituency of Reigate in 1790, and was returned as its member. He represented the borough until 1806, when he was elected as member for St Germans. He stood aside, "taking the Chiltern Hundreds" in 1810 so that his brother, Charles Philip Yorke, could be elected. In the 1812 general election Joseph Yorke stood as a candidate for Sandwich and was returned as its member. He represented the borough until 1818 when he was re-elected to the Reigate constituency, which he represented until his death.</ref> Yorke's business interests include the chairmanship of the Waterloo Bridge Company.
Family and personal life.
On 29 March 1798, Yorke married Elizabeth Weake Rattray, the daughter of James Rattray, in Ireland. The couple had a number of children before Elizabeth's death on 20 January 1812. His eldest son, Charles Yorke also served in the navy, rising to the rank of Admiral, and on the death without heir of Joseph Yorke's brother Philip, the 3rd Earl of Hardwicke in 1834, Charles became the 4th Earl. On 22 May 1813, Joseph married a second time, to Urania Anne, the Dowager Marchioness of Clanricarde, and daughter of George Paulet, 12th Marquess of Winchester, at St. Martin in the Fields, Westminster, London. The marriage did not produce any children.
Death.
On 5 May 1831 Yorke was returning from visiting Henry Hotham's flagship, , then moored at Spithead. He was making his way back to shore aboard the yacht "Catherine", in company with Captains Matthew Barton Bradby and Thomas Young, and a seaman named John Chandler, when the boat was struck by lightning in Stokes Bay, causing it to capsize. All aboard were drowned. The bodies were later recovered and an inquest returned a verdict of accidental death. Yorke was buried at the family tomb in the parish church at Wimpole, close to Wimpole Hall, the seat of the Earls of Hardwicke.

</doc>
<doc id="19378788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378788" title="(191323) 2003 KN">
(191323) 2003 KN

(191323) 2003 KN is a main-belt asteroid discovered on May 22, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19378799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378799" title="(191485) 2003 TO2">
(191485) 2003 TO2

(191485) 2003 TO2 is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 7, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19378814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378814" title="(191621) 2004 MN3">
(191621) 2004 MN3

191621 (2004 MN3) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on June 19, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19378815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378815" title="Xanəgah, Nakhchivan">
Xanəgah, Nakhchivan

Xanəgah, Nakhchivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19378821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378821" title="Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air rifle">
Shooting at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air rifle

Men's 10 metre air rifle was one of the thirteen shooting events at the 1992 Summer Olympics. It was the first Olympic competition after the introduction of the new target in 1989, and thus two Olympic records were set, both by the new Olympic champion, Yuri Fedkin.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19378849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378849" title="United States presidential election in Colorado, 2008">
United States presidential election in Colorado, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 4, 2008 as a part of the 2008 United States presidential election throughout all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Voters chose 9 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Colorado was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a margin of victory of 8.95%. Obama took 53.66% of the vote to McCain's 44.71%. The state was heavily targeted by both campaigns, although, prior to the election, all 17 news organizations actually considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a blue state. While George W. Bush narrowly carried the state in 2004, the Centennial State ultimately flipped allegiance to Obama.
Key to Obama's victory was Democratic dominance in the Denver area, sweeping not just the city but also the heavily populated suburban counties around Denver, particularly Adams, Arapahoe, and Jefferson counties, as well as winning Larimer County, home to Fort Collins. Obama also took over 70% of the vote in Boulder County, home to Boulder. McCain's most populated county wins were in El Paso County, where Colorado Springs is located, and Weld County.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Pre-election polling taken in Colorado prior to the election mostly showed Obama in a slight lead. He led every the poll after October 5.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $3,491,086. Barack Obama raised almost $11 million.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups spent $10,410,669. McCain and his interest groups spent $9,818,077. McCain/Palin visited the state 13 times. Obama/Biden visited the state 8 times.
Analysis.
Changing demographics and a growing Hispanic population made the state more favorable to the Democrats, although Republicans still had a hold on the state due to the party's conservative stances on social issues like abortion, gay rights, and gun control.
Colorado has traditionally voted Republican, turning red in every presidential election since 1964, with the exception of 1992. Colorado supported George W. Bush in both 2000 and again in 2004, although by a margin of less than 5%. In addition, Republicans have mostly held control of statewide offices and the state legislature since the 1960s. On the other hand, the Governor's Mansion has been held by Democrats for 22 out of the past 30 years.
Recently, however, there has been a growing population of Hispanic Americans, young professionals, and an influx of people from other states - all of whom tend to vote Democratic. These demographic changes have been causing the state's political ideology to shift. While Republicans continue to enjoy an advantage in voter registration statewide, Democrats have been closing the gap. There has also been an increasing number of unaffiliated, independent-minded voters. Since 2004, Democrats have won the governorship, both Senate seats, three House seats, and control of both chambers in the state legislature. 
While Colorado had not been extensively contested in the 2004 election, in 2008 it was regarded as a crucial swing state. Both Barack Obama and John McCain campaigned extensively in the state.
Several factors in the campaign favored the Democrat. Barack Obama did very well in the caucus, defeating opponent Hillary Clinton with almost 67% of the vote. On the other hand, John McCain badly lost the state to opponent Mitt Romney, who gained 60% of the vote.
Moreover, the 2008 Democratic National Convention was held in Denver. The publicity generated from the event provided a strong boost to Obama. According to Real Clear Politics polling averages, Obama and McCain were neck-to-neck through the summer and early September. However, as the 2008 financial crisis hit, Obama's numbers in Colorado jumped to over 50%.
During the campaign, several media organizations reported on voting machine problems. There was also reporting on the controversial practice of "purging" voter registration lists.
On election day, Obama won by a comfortable margin, greater than his national average. Obama improved on John Kerry's performance throughout the state. He won landslides in Democratic strongholds Denver and Boulder County; in both areas, Obama took more than 70% of the vote. Democrats also do well in two other regions of the state. Along the Front Range, a number of rich counties dominated by ski resorts lean Democratic; in southern Colorado, a number of thinly populated, Latino counties also lean Democratic. By and large, Obama won these areas.
McCain did best in the rural, conservative areas next to Kansas and Utah, where he won landslide margins. Voters in more populated El Paso County, home to conservative Colorado Springs, gave McCain a 3-2 margin. In Denver's suburbs, McCain won Douglas County and Weld County, both by comfortable margins.
However, both Denver's suburbs and El Paso County moved heavily Democratic. George Bush won El Paso County by 35%; McCain won the county by 19% - a double-digit Democratic shift. In suburban Denver, Bush narrowly won Jefferson County, Arapahoe County, and Broomfield County (in addition to what McCain won) - all three flipped to the Democratic candidate in 2008.
Thus, Obama was able to take landslide margins amongst the Democratic base while shifting suburban Colorado to the Democratic side. While he still lost places such as El Paso County, he greatly improved on John Kerry in those areas.
Elsewhere in the state, Democrats also did well. Democratic Mark Udall defeated Republican Bob Schaffer for an open U.S. Senate; his vacated House seat was also won by Democrat Jared Polis. In addition, Democrat Betsy Markey defeated incumbent Republican Marilyn Musgrave, by 12 points for Colorado's 4th Congressional District seat. At the state level, Democrats picked up one seat in the Colorado Senate, but lost two seats in the Colorado House of Representatives.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
While Barack Obama won the state’s popular vote and 9 electoral votes, John McCain carried four of the state’s seven congressional districts, including both seats held by Republicans and two seats held by Democrats. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Colorado cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Colorado is allocated 9 electors because it has 7 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 9 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 9 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 9 were pledged to Obama and Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="19378853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378853" title="Jacket (disambiguation)">
Jacket (disambiguation)

A jacket is a relatively tight-fitting garment for the upper body. In other contexts, the term typically refers to a tight-fitting covering, often for protective purposes, for example:
As a proper name, Jacket can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19378889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378889" title="Two for Tonight">
Two for Tonight

Two for Tonight is a 1935 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby, Joan Bennett, and Mary Boland. Based on the play "Two for Tonight" by J. O. Lief and Max Lief, the film is about a songwriter who composes a full-length theatrical piece within a few days.

</doc>
<doc id="19378894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378894" title="CableU">
CableU

CableU is an online subscription-based service that monitors and analyzes cable network performance and programming trends. The website was founded in December 2006 by Gary Lico of Cableready and Cynthia Turner of Cynopsis Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19378900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378900" title="Back Like That">
Back Like That

"Back Like That" is the second single by rapper Ghostface Killah from his critically acclaimed fifth solo album "Fishscale". The song features R&B singer Ne-Yo and has become Ghostface's highest charting solo single on the Billboard Hot 100. It contains a sample of "Baby Come Home" as performed by Willie Hutch as well as "Song Cry" by Jay-Z. A remix featuring Kanye West & Ne-Yo was produced and later included on Ghostface's sixth album "More Fish". In 2009, Ghostface performed the song with Chrisette Michele at VH1's 6th Annual Hip Hop Honors ceremony. 
The song Was Ne-Yo's Debut Single As a Featured Artist.
Music video.
The music video for "Back Like That" was directed by Ray Kay and Mike Caruso. The video illustrates the deterioration of the relationship between Ghostface and his girlfriend after she cheats on him with a man with whom he has beef. Over time, Tony regains his wounded pride and eventually kicks her out of their apartment. As the story draws to a close, the man she cheated on him with walks into a set-up where Tony's friends lie in wait. He promptly turns around to run away and they all give chase. The video then concludes with a "to be continued..."
Remix.
The official remix featuring Kanye West & Ne-Yo was produced and later included on Ghostface's sixth album "More Fish" & his eighth album "". 
A second version of the remix has a new verse by Ne-Yo, different from his verse of the main remix, was included on Ghostface's compilation album "GhostDeini the Great".
An all-female remix of the song made by DJ Cocoa Chanelle, Da Brat and Lil' Mo was featured in the Golden Globe-winning motion picture "Precious" (2009).
Track listings.
US.
"A & B sides"
Remix.
"A & B sides"

</doc>
<doc id="19378916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378916" title="Absentee (album)">
Absentee (album)

Absentee is Pitch Black Forecast's debut CD featuring backing vocals from Randy Blythe of Lamb of God.
Track listing.
All tracks by Pitch Black Forecast except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="19378947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378947" title="Giant honeycomb oyster">
Giant honeycomb oyster

The giant honeycomb oyster ("Hyotissa hyotis") is a very large saltwater oyster, a marine bivalve mollusk. Its native range is in deeper water in the Indo-Pacific Ocean. It has however also been found recently as an accidentally introduced species in the Florida Keys.
Species in this family are known as honeycomb oysters or "foam oysters" because under magnification, their shell structure is foam-like.
References.
Like most bivalves, the giant honeycomb oyster is a filter feeder.
[http://www.ummz.umich.edu/mollusks/people/diarmaid/beilerMollRes.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="19378968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378968" title="2008–09 CE Lleida Bàsquet season">
2008–09 CE Lleida Bàsquet season

The 2008-09 Plus Pujol Lleida season is their 6th season in the Adecco LEB Oro.
Game log.
September.
Record: 2–0; Home: 1–0; Road: 1–0
October.
Record: 2–3; Home: 1–2; Road: 1–1
November.
Record: 2–2; Home: 1–1; Road: 1–1
December.
Record: 2–1; Home: 0–1; Road: 2–0
January.
Record: 1–3; Home: 0–1; Road: 1–2
February.
Record: 2–2; Home: 2–0; Road: 0–2
March.
Record: 1–3; Home: 0–2; Road: 1–1
April.
Record: 4–1; Home: 3–0; Road: 1–1
May.
Record: 2–1; Home: 2–0; Road: 0–1

</doc>
<doc id="19378999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19378999" title="Arctostaphylos bakeri">
Arctostaphylos bakeri

Arctostaphylos bakeri is a species of manzanita known by the common name Baker's manzanita. It is endemic to Sonoma County, California, where it grows in the chaparral and woodlands of the North Coast Ranges. It is sometimes a member of the serpentine soils flora.
Description.
"Arctostaphylos bakeri" is a shrub growing one to three meters in height. Its smaller twigs are bristly and glandular or hairy to woolly. The dark green leaves are generally oval in shape and up to 3 centimeters long. They may be glandular, rough or fuzzy in texture, and dull or shiny in appearance. 
The plentiful inflorescences hold crowded clusters of urn-shaped manzanita flowers. The fruit is a hairless drupe up to a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19379008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379008" title="Harold Hitchcock">
Harold Hitchcock

Harold Hitchcock (23 May 1914 - 8 August 2009) was an English visionary landscape artist.
Biography.
Born in Camden Town, London into a family of artists (descended from the animal artist George Stubbs on his mother’s side), Harold was inspired to paint as a result of an ecstatic experience he had as a young boy whilst living with his grandparents in the Essex village of Thundersley. At the age of 16 he was hailed in the press as a child prodigy as a result of the enthusiasm of Dame Laura Knight for his work. He went into commercial art.
In the Second World War, as a conscientious objector in the Non-Combatant Corps, he volunteered for bomb disposal work.
He continued to paint and in 1945 was given an exhibition of his work by Margaret Torrie, who was very influential on the London art scene at that time running the International Arts Centre in West London. Margaret and her husband Alfred, both Quakers, later introduced Harold to the spiritual movement Subud, which had a profound effect on his life and work.
After the war and now married, Harold enjoyed much success selling his work at the Hampstead open-air exhibition and in 1964 he gave up the commercial work to concentrate on his own painting full-time. He came to the attention of the Duke of Bedford who became something of a patron giving Harold an exhibition at his palatial home at Woburn Abbey. Major London exhibitions followed as did a widening market for his work in the US. His work was admired by art establishment figures of the time including Kenneth Clark and Sir Roy Strong (who was then the director of the Victoria and Albert Museum). In 1984 Hitchcock was given the rare honour of a retrospective exhibition at the RSA gallery in London.
Art.
His work is purely imaginative - often depicting, in fine detail, a romantic mythological world of idealised beauty, suffused in light, and reminiscent of the 17th-century painter Claude Lorraine. However his art often has a peculiarly English quality following in the tradition of artists such as William Blake (in his adoption of a personal mythology) and particularly Samuel Palmer in his depiction of a pastoral idyll. His use of light also recalls the paintings of J.M.W. Turner. Remarkably unaffected by modern trends in art he follows his own unique inner vision working in a spontaneous way with great technical skill.
Later works have additionally included a more figurative and semi-abstract style but without sacrificing the prismatic jewel-like quality of light and colour seen in the landscapes.

</doc>
<doc id="19379011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379011" title="Başkənd, Azerbaijan">
Başkənd, Azerbaijan

Başkənd, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19379016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379016" title="All Saints Anglican Church">
All Saints Anglican Church

All Saints Anglican Church may refer to:
In Australia:
In Canada:
In United States of America

</doc>
<doc id="19379022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379022" title="Nimigen Island">
Nimigen Island

Nimigen Island (previously: Kemisuack, Kemisoke, Kimersok, Kimisoke) is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in Cumberland Sound, approximately from Robert Peel Inlet
History.
In the mid 19th century, the island supported a whaling industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19379033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379033" title="Adolphe Bazaine-Vasseur">
Adolphe Bazaine-Vasseur

Pierre-Dominique "Adolphe" Bazaine was born on 1 December 1809 at Versailles, France and died in 1893. He was a French railway engineer. He was a regional engineer with the highways department at Altkirch, subsequently becoming director of railways for Alsace
Fichier:Strasbourg-Bâle P-D Bazaine.jpg
Career.
Son of Pierre-Dominique Bazaine (1786-1838), also an engineer - (which can confuse) and of Mary Madeleine Josèphe (known as Mélanie) Vasseur. Adolphe was the elder brother of François Achille Bazaine, the Marshal of France. Adolphe entered l'Ecole Polytechnique in 1827, and then the school of the department of civil engineering. 
He was appointed engineer of district of the department of civil engineering to Altkirch (High Rhine). Adolphe Bazaine was then given responsibility for the construction of the railway line from Mulhouse to Thann; then, with Mr. Chaperone, he established the project of the section Strasburg Bâle. He remained there, overseeing the railways of Alsace up to 1842. He was then given the project of building the canal of the Sauldre from the 1st January 1849, replacing Charles Augustus Machart, but in fact his activity principally consisted of prepare and carry out the liquidation of the Workshops. He finished Sauldre on 1 May 1849. Afterwards, he supervised different railway businesses in the North, the Bourbonnais (the line from Andrézieux to Le Coteau from 1855), and the Charentes (Company of the Charentes from 1862). He was made Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur in 1841 and promoted to Officer in 1861.
Bazaine was in communication with the utopian socialists Charles Fourier and Victor Considérant (his fellow student polytechnicien of the graduate class of 1826), who after the failure of the revolutionary attempt of the 13 June 1849, took refuge at his house while awaiting to be able to flee in Belgium. 
Bazaine was the brother-in-law of the engineer and physicist Paul Émile Clapeyron, spouse of Mélanie Bazaine-Vasseur.
He married Georgina Elizabeth Hayter, daughter of the Victorian court painter Sir George Hayter and they had 3 children Achille (George), Adolphe and George (Albert)

</doc>
<doc id="19379118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379118" title="Şəhriyar, Nakhchivan">
Şəhriyar, Nakhchivan

Şəhriyar, Nakhchivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19379128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379128" title="Srinivas Avasarala">
Srinivas Avasarala

Srinivas Avasarala is an Indian script-writer, director and actor.
Originally from Hyderabad, Srinivas has spent a few years in Vijaywada, New Delhi, Chennai and Kolkata as well.
Srinivas has a Masters in Mechanical Engineering with focus on Finite Element Analysis and worked for Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory. He had done a screenwriting diploma at UCLA and then took acting classes for a year at Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute, New York City. He did some theatre in New York and then worked as an assistant director for a film called "Blind Ambition". He also worked at the Universal Studios as a script screener. 
He made his debut in the film "Ashta Chamma". He helped in writing few scenes in the film. He has worked in many Telugu films like Mugguru, Pilla Zamindar, Vara Prasad Potti Prasad. He will be directing a Telugu romantic-comedy with Naga Shourya as the lead.

</doc>
<doc id="19379141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379141" title="Arctostaphylos canescens">
Arctostaphylos canescens

Arctostaphylos canescens, common name hoary manzanita, is a species of manzanita. 
Distribution.
"Arctostaphylos canescens" is native to the coastal mountain ranges of southwestern Oregon and northern California, where it grows in forest and chaparral plant communities. 
Description.
The "Arctostaphylos canescens" is a shrub varying in shape from short and matted to spreading up to in height. Smaller branches and twigs are hairy to woolly. The smooth-edged leaves are oval in shape and pointed at the tip, woolly to rough and waxy, and up to 5 centimeters long. 
The plant blooms in dense inflorescences of whitish, urn-shaped manzanita flowers which are woolly inside. The fruit is a hairy drupe 0.5 to 1 centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19379144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379144" title="MS West Grama">
MS West Grama

MS "West Grama, sometimes spelled as West Gramma", was a diesel-powered cargo ship of the that was sunk as part of the "gooseberry" breakwater off Utah Beach during the Normandy invasion. Prior to her diesel conversion, she was known as SS "West Grama". In 1919, she was briefly taken up by the United States Navy under the name USS "West Grama" (ID-3794).
SS "West Grama" was built as a steam-powered cargo ship in 1918 for the , a predecessor of the . She was part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort, and was the 9th ship built at Los Angeles Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company in San Pedro, California. She was commissioned into the of the United States Navy as USS "West Grama" (ID-3794) in January 1919. She became the first American-flagged vessel to enter Bulgarian waters when she delivered a load of wheat flour to Varna in early 1919. After her one overseas trip for the Navy, she was decommissioned in June 1919 and returned to the .
SS "West Grama" sailed between Genoa and New York early in her civilian career. In 1927, "West Grama" was outfitted with a diesel engine that replaced her original steam engine as part of a pilot program by the . After her conversion, she sailed primarily between East Coast ports and South America. By the late 1930s, she had been laid up, but was reactivated for merchant service during World War II. She sailed primarily in the Caribbean until March 1944 when she sailed from the United States for the final time. She was scuttled in June as part of the "gooseberry" breakwater off Omaha Beach during the Normandy invasion, earning a battle star in the process.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the west coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Grama", the ninth of some 40 "West" ships built by the Los Angeles Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company of Los Angeles. "West Grama" (Los Angeles Shipbuilding yard number 9) was one of three Los Angeles Shipbuilding ships launched on 4 July 1918, and was completed in December.
"West Grama" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a steel hull that displaced 12,225 t with a mean draft of . Her hold was deep and she had a deadweight tonnage of . "West Grama"s power plant, as built, consisted of a single triple-expansion steam engine driving a single screw propeller, which moved the ship at up to .
Military career.
"West Grama" was taken over by the U.S. Navy on 9 January 1919 at San Pedro, California, and was commissioned into the the same day with Lieutenant Commander Eugene McCarthy, USNRF, in command. "West Grama" headed north to San Francisco to take on a load of wheat flour for delivery to Europe. After undergoing boiler repairs at Union Iron Works, she departed San Francisco for Norfolk, Virginia, on 28 January. "West Grama" transited the Panama Canal on 14 February and got underway again on 19 February, after a four-day layover in the Canal Zone.
On 25 February, a half-submerged ship was spotted some east-northeast of Nassau, Bahamas. Upon investigation, it was determined to be the wreck of the American schooner "Nettie Shipman", but, with no signs of life aboard the hulk, "West Grama" continued on to Virginia, where she arrived three days later.
After general repairs and fuel replenishment, "West Grama" got underway for the Mediterranean on 13 March. Touching at Gibraltar, she next headed to Constantinople, Turkey, to unload part of her cargo, and then proceeded into the Black Sea. She arrived at Varna, Bulgaria, to unload the remainder of the flour, and, in the process, became the first American-flagged vessel to enter Bulgarian waters. After departure from Varna, "West Grama" returned to the United States via Gibraltar. She carried a mixed load of 13 depth charges and of general cargo. In early June, during her return voyage, "West Grama" was disabled by some unspecified problem while west of Bermuda. The U.S. Navy cargo ship , en route from New Orleans to Cardiff, assisted "West Grama", and the Navy dispatched the icebreaker from Boston to aid "West Grama". It's not known what assistance was provided or if "West Grama" was even able to proceed on her own, but she arrived at Norfolk on 11 June. Five days later, "West Grama" was decommissioned and returned to the for civilian service.
Civilian career.
After her return to the , "West Grama" sailed on a Genoa – Gibraltar – New York route through 1920. In April 1920, "West Grama" carried some 52 passengers from Genoa and Gibraltar to New York. There is no mention in sources of the ship's activities over the next seven years, but in June 1927, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that "West Grama" had been selected for a $400,000 conversion from steam-power to diesel-power. By late November, the conversion, undergoing at the Fore River Shipyard near Boston, was nearly complete. The new engine was a McIntosh & Seymour double-acting diesel, the first of its type built in America. On 8 December, during successful sea trials of "West Grama"s new diesel power plant, a malfunction in a steam boiler used to heat the crew quarters caused minor damage to the ship.
Allocated to the American Republics Line for service to the east coast of South America, "West Grama" sailed for Buenos Aires, Argentina, where she had arrived by late January 1928, and back to New York by late March. In October 1929, "West Grama" was reportedly assigned to the new Pacific–South Africa Line by the , an around-the-world venture under the management of J. J. Moore & Company. The Pacific–South Africa Line—the world's only all-diesel around-the-world service, as described by the "Los Angeles Times"—sailed from Los Angeles to South Africa via the Straits of Magellan, across the Indian Ocean to Japan and China, across the Pacific to San Francisco, and back to Los Angeles. It's not clear how long, if at all, "West Grama" sailed for this line. In July 1929, a report in "The New York Times" shows that "West Grama" was still in South American service, sailing to Santos, Brazil. 
Sources are not clear as to all of "West Grama"s movements over the next years. Hints can be gleaned from contemporary news accounts. In March 1930, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that "West Grama" was en route from Balboa to San Francisco. "The New York Times" reported "West Grama"s arrival from Portland, Oregon in September, her departure for Fremantle, Western Australia in October 1933, and her arrival from Baltimore in March the following year. After these mentions, "West Grama" disappears from contemporary news accounts, and by 1939, "West Grama" had been laid up in a reserve fleet.
World War II.
In December 1940, the , a successor to the , announced that it was seeking bids for the sale of 24 ships from its reserve fleet, including "West Grama". In January 1941, the announced that a consortium of Commonwealth shipping lines had been the high bidders for 19 of the 20 ships still offered. The highest bid for "West Grama" was $80,000, but it is not clear if the bid was, in fact, accepted; by November, "West Grama" was sailing between Antofagasta, Chile, and New York, but remained under the American flag. From July 1942 through February 1944, "West Grama" sailed between the United States and Caribbean ports, frequently traveling in convoys. The ship's recorded movements show her calling at Cristóbal, Guantánamo Bay, Trinidad, Key West, and Pilottown, Louisiana. In mid-February 1944, "West Grama" sailed from Key West to New York, and from there, on to Boston.
Final voyage.
"West Grama" had been selected to become one of the blockships for the Allied invasion of France, then in the planning stages. Though the specific modifications performed on "West Grama" are not revealed in sources, modifications for other ships do appear. In November 1944, "The Christian Science Monitor" reported that blockships dispatched from Boston, like "West Grama", had been loaded with "tons of sand and cement" and had been rigged with explosive charges before departing the port. Further, existing antiaircraft weapons had been moved higher up on the ship and supplemented by additional guns. An account by Cesar Poropat, chief engineer aboard , another blockship dispatched from Boston, mentions that shipyard workers proceeded to cut holes in "strategic places".
"West Grama" departed Boston on 25 March and arrived at Halifax two days later. Departing from that port on 29 March, she sailed in Convoy SC-156 and arrived at Barry Roads on 13 April, and by 7 May, she had arrived at Methil. "West Grama"s whereabouts and movements through early June are not recorded. Other ships that had been selected as blockships assembled in a "corncob" fleet at Oban, though it's not clear if "West Grama" did or not. The "corncob" fleet was the group of ships intended to be sunk to form the "gooseberries", shallow-water artificial harbors for landing craft. Poropat reports that once the ship crews were told of their mission while anchored at Oban, they were not permitted to leave the ships.
Three "corncob" convoys, consisting of what one author called the "dregs of the North Atlantic shipping pool", departed from Poole and reached the Normandy beachhead the next day, shortly after the D-Day landings. Poropat reports that the corncob ships traveled under cover of darkness and, stripped of all unnecessary equipment, carried no radios, having only a signal lamp (with a spare bulb) for communication. Once at the designated location, the ships were put into position and scuttled over the next days, under heavy German artillery fire. Naval Armed Guardsmen manned the guns on all the gooseberry ships to protect against frequent German air attacks All the while, harbor pilots—about half of the New York Bar Pilots Association, according to one source—carefully positioned the ships. "West Grama" was sunk off Omaha Beach on 8 June, though she continued to serve as an antiaircraft platform manned by Navy gun crews. On 9 June, "West Grama"s gunners fired 19 times and were credited with assisting in the downing one German airplane; only one of "West Grama"s Navy gunners was wounded during the attack. On 14 June, "West Grama" escaped serious damage when a bomb landed near the ship. By the time her Naval Armed Guardsmen were replaced by Army crews on 18 June, they had received credit for a second assist, and had been awarded a battle star for their participation in the Normandy Landings.

</doc>
<doc id="19379172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379172" title="Edward Christopher Williams">
Edward Christopher Williams

Edward Christopher Williams (February 11, 1871 – December 24, 1929) was the first African-American professional librarian in the United States of America. His sudden death in 1929 ended his career the year he was expected to receive the first Ph.D. in librarianship. Williams was born on February 11, 1871, in Cleveland, Ohio, to an African-American father and an Irish mother. Upon his graduation with distinction from Adelbert College of Western Reserve University in 1892, he was appointed Assistant Librarian of Hatch Library at WRU. Two years later, he was promoted to librarian of Hatch Library until 1909, when he resigned to assume the responsibility of the Principal of M Street High School in Washington, D.C. He continued his career as University Librarian of Howard University until his death on December 24, 1929. Williams was rediscovered as a Harlem Renaissance author with the 2004 publication of his novel "When Washington Was in Vogue", the first epistolary novel by an African-American. In 1999, "American Libraries" named him one of the "100 Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century". 
Life.
Edward Williams was born in Cleveland, Ohio, the only son of Daniel P. Williams, a respected personality in Cleveland, and Mary Kilkary Williams, who was of Irish origin. Edward received his education in the public schools of Cleveland, and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Adelbert College of Western Reserve University in 1892. As a distinguished student, he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa fraternity.
Edward married Ethel Chesnutt, the daughter of the famous writer Charles Waddell Chesnutt, in 1902. They had one son, Charles Chesnutt Williams, who later became a lawyer, and died before completing a biography of his father.
Career.
Williams began his library career in 1892 as an assistant librarian in Hatch Library of Western Reserve University. After two years, he was promoted to library director.
In 1898, Williams took a sabbatical leave to pursue a Master's degree in librarianship at New York State Library. He completed the two years program in one year, and went back to resume his responsibilities at Western Reserve University as Librarian and Instructor until 1909. During his library career at Hatch Library, Williams developed an eminent library collection which remains to this day.
Prior to the establishment of the WRU Library School, Williams taught some courses in national bibliography. Upon opening the library school in 1904, he was appointed instructor of bibliography and reference.
In 1909, Williams resigned from his position at WRU and was appointed as Principal of the M Street High School (Dunbar High School) in Washington, D.C., where he served 7 years. In 1916, Williams was elected head librarian of Howard University, where he spent 13 years serving the University Library and developing its collection. Williams also assumed additional responsibilities as a professor of bibliography and instructor of German language. During his career at Howard University, he advocated for the need for professional personnel, and he worked on improving the quality of the library resources.
Library associations.
In addition to his profession as librarian and instructor, Williams collaborated on the establishment of many associations. He was a founding member of the Ohio Library Association (OLA) and was elected secretary in 1904. As the chairman of the Ohio Library Association’s College Section, he gave many speeches and lectures at the Ohio Institute of Library Workers. Williams was also a member of the American Library Association and assisted in its conventions and sessions. He gave a lecture in 1928 in a session of ALA’s College and Reference titled "Library Needs of Negro Institutions".
Williams also served as vice-president of the New York State Library School Association in 1904.
Works.
In addition to his library profession, Williams was also an author and translator. His works include: "The Exile" (an Italian classical drama), "The Sheriff’s Children", "The Chasm", and many articles, poems and short stories published in "The Messenger" between 1925 and 1927.
Williams’ main writings were based on the problems of Washington’s black society as in his novel "The Letters of Davy Carr, a True Story of Colored Vanity Fair"," serialized in "The Messenger" from January 1925 to July 1926. Sometimes, he used a pseudonym, Bertiuccio Dantino, to sign his articles.
Williams excelled in five languages: English, French, German, Italian and Spanish. He translated some documents from different languages into English. Early in his career, he received job offers to become a translator.
"The Letters of Davy Carr" was rediscovered by scholar Adam McKible and published as "When Washington Was in Vogue" in 2004, establishing Williams' place in the canon of Harlem Renaissance literature.
Death.
Williams was preparing for advanced studies to earn the first Ph.D. in library science offered by Columbia University, when he died unexpectedly on December 24, 1929. The funeral was held at the Andrew Rankin Memorial Chapel on the Howard University campus, in the presence of the President of the University, Dr. Mordecai Johnson, who presided over the ceremony. Edward Christopher Williams was buried at Lincoln Cemetery in Suitland, Maryland.
Edward Williams was not only a successful professional librarian and author at the time of segregation but a social activist too. He was raising the problems and challenges faced by the black people libraries as deteriorated buildings, shortage in staff and lack of funding at every convention. He was also helping young black men and women to pursue their education and expand their knowledge to become successful people . 
Williams admired Saint Augustine, and his favorite quotation was “Always proceed, never stand still nor go back nor deviate. Be always displeased at what thou art. If thou sayest 'I have enough,' thou diest,” which was reflected clearly throughout his life and career. E. J. Josey celebrated Williams' career and achievements in his 1969 article: “Edward Christopher Williams’ life was not a mere life for us to let pass into oblivion historically, for it was a vast spectacle of scholarly achievements in writing, translating, and understanding the complex problems of libraries; and, it was also a panorama of prodigious teaching and motivation to lead his students to excellence in librarianship …” 

</doc>
<doc id="19379191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379191" title="C.I.B. Files">
C.I.B. Files

C.I.B. Files or Criminal Investigation Bureau Files (Traditional Chinese: 刑事情報科) is a TVB modern drama series broadcast in August 2006.
Awards and nominations.
39th TVB Anniversary Awards (2006)

</doc>
<doc id="19379211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379211" title="HD 132029">
HD 132029

HD 132029 is a star in double system in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19379236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379236" title="Wendy and Lucy">
Wendy and Lucy

Wendy and Lucy is a 2008 American drama film directed by Kelly Reichardt. Reichardt and Jon Raymond adapted the screenplay from his short story "Train Choir". The film stars Michelle Williams and Will Patton. It had its world première at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival and was screened at several additional film festivals before receiving a limited theatrical release in the United States on December 10, 2008. 
Plot.
Wendy Carroll (Michelle Williams) is a young woman who sets her sights on Alaska in hopes of starting a new life with her dog Lucy, travelling in her car with limited supplies and a straining budget of a little over $500 left for the trip. Stranded in Oregon when her car breaks down and lacking the funds to repair it, Wendy faces yet another challenge when she is apprehended for shoplifting and Lucy disappears while she is in police custody. 
Critical reception.
The film won both Best Picture and Best Actress at the 12th Toronto Film Critics Association Awards. "Wendy and Lucy" was placed at 87 on Slant Magazine's best films of the 2000s.
Top ten lists.
The film appeared on many critics' top ten lists of the best films of 2008, including those of the "Chicago Reader", "New York Post", "Newsweek", "The Austin Chronicle", "LA Weekly", "The Philadelphia Inquirer", the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer", "Entertainment Weekly", "The New York Times", "The Oregonian", "Slate", "The Village Voice", and "The Christian Science Monitor".

</doc>
<doc id="19379241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379241" title="Volumetric pipette">
Volumetric pipette

A volumetric pipette or bulb pipette allows extremely accurate (of four significant figures) measurement of a volume of solution. These pipettes have a large bulb with a long narrow portion above with a single graduation mark as it is calibrated for a single volume (like a volumetric flask). Typical volumes are 10, 25, and 50 mL. Volumetric pipettes are commonly used in analytical chemistry to make laboratory solutions from a base stock as well as prepare solutions for titration.
ASTM standard E969 defines the standard tolerance for volumetric transfer pipettes. The tolerance depends on the size: a 0.5-mL pipette has a tolerance of ±0.006 mL, while a 50-mL pipette has a tolerance of ±0.05 mL. (These are for Class A pipettes; Class B pipettes are given a tolerance of twice that for the corresponding Class A.)
A specialized example of a volumetric pipette is the microfluid pipette (capable of dispensing as little as 10µL) designed with a circulating liquid tip that generates a self-confining volume in front of its outlet channels.

</doc>
<doc id="19379260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379260" title="Mohr pipette">
Mohr pipette

A Mohr pipette, also known as a Graduated pipette,is a type of pipette used to measure the volume of the liquid dispensed, although not as accurately as a volumetric pipette. These use a series of marked lines (as on a graduated cylinder) to indicate the different volumes. They come in a variety of sizes, and are used much like a burette, in that the volume is found by calculating the difference of the liquid level before and after.
The last graduation mark is some distance from the tip, to avoid errors in measuring the narrower volume of the nozzle.
It was invented by Karl Friedrich Mohr, the Father of Volumetric Analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="19379288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379288" title="Better Light">
Better Light

Better Light, Inc. is a company in San Carlos, California, U.S.A. that manufactures high-end digital scanning backs for view cameras, which are used in many photographic applications including; landscape, commercial advertising, fine art reproduction and architecture.
Better Light scan backs replace the common 4x5 film cassettes used in all 4x5 view cameras of both the studio and field types and also works in copy stands and microscopes that have 4x5 film stages on them as well. The form factor is close to the same one found in the Polaroid 545 Land Film Holder. As a scanning system (opposed to the instant capture systems) you might imagine taking a flatbed copier out of your office and redesigning it to fit into a Polaroid 545 back and that would provide a close approximation of the size and workings of all of Better Lights scan backs. 
Better Light scan backs start at the low end using 54 MP to record images of 106 MB of data and then progressively go up through systems of: 144 MP at 274 MB, 216 MP at 618 MB, 384 MP at 488 MB, 416 MP at 794 MB, and finally (in panorama mode) up to approximately 2 GP at 3.8 GB. Unlike most instant capture systems, which only capture one third of the true RGB values for every point in the scene and thus interpolate every pixel up 300% to compensate for this, Better Light systems in their normal mode capture the full RGB values for every point in the scene and use no spatial interpolation. Instant capture systems (besides using interpolation algorithms on every image) also commonly use sharpening, anti-aliasing, anti-moire and compression algorithms on every image as well. Better Light systems, when used in their normal mode, use no post capture processing algorithms at all and always provide files with extremely high color accuracy and information densities. Diamonds provide a great example of the necessity of needing to record critical color accurately without interpolation since interpolation creates spurious color artifacts in an otherwise perfectly clear "white" diamond.
Since Better Light systems are not instant capture and take some time to scan the image, they are mostly suitable only for shooting static scenes unless the resulting geometric distortion of the moving parts of the scene is the desired artistic effect. And while they are not recommended for portraiture some photographers successfully take portraits with them anyway. Many landscape and even oceanscape photographers also successfully use these scanning systems for their work as well.
The company's president, Mike Collette, worked as an instrumentation engineer before starting the company in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19379290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379290" title="Jardin botanique de Bayeux">
Jardin botanique de Bayeux

The Jardin botanique de Bayeux (2.6 hectares), also called the Jardin public de Bayeux, is a botanical garden and municipal park located at 53, route de Port-en-Bessin, Bayeux, Calvados, Basse-Normandie, France. It is open daily without charge.
The garden site was formerly a meadow, bequeathed in 1851 by Charlemagne Jean-Delamare (1772-1858) as a garden for teaching horticulture, landscaped by Eugène Bühler (1822-1907), and in 1864 opened to the public. Many specimens planted from 1859-1864 remain. The most notable among its roughly 400 mature trees is a weeping European Beech that in 1932 was named a natural monument and in 2000 a remarkable tree of France.

</doc>
<doc id="19379318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379318" title="Dry thunderstorm">
Dry thunderstorm

A dry thunderstorm is a thunderstorm that produces thunder and lightning, but most or all of its precipitation evaporates before reaching the ground.
Where dry thunderstorms occur.
Dry thunderstorms generally occur in deserts or places where atmospheric water vapor is low. Because dry air tends to absorb liquid water, causing it to change phase into vapor, it is absorbed before reaching the ground. They are common during the summer months across much of western North America.
Hazards.
Dust storms.
Strong winds often develop around dry thunderstorms as the evaporating precipitation causes excessive cooling of the air beneath the storm. This cool air then descends rapidly and fans out upon impacting the ground, an event often described as a dry microburst. As the gusty winds expand outward from the storm, dry soil and sand are often picked up by the strong winds, creating dust and sand storms known as haboobs.
Fires.
In areas where trees or other vegetation are present, the lightning will cause the trees to catch fire and there is little or no rain to stop the fire. Storm winds fan the fire, causing it to spread more quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="19379326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379326" title="Arctostaphylos densiflora">
Arctostaphylos densiflora

Arctostaphylos densiflora, known by the common name Vine Hill manzanita, is a very rare species of manzanita. It is endemic to Sonoma County, California, where it is known from only one extant population of 20 to 30 individual plants. These last wild members of the species are on land near Sebastopol which is owned and protected by the California Native Plant Society. In addition, there are 5 to 10 plants growing on private property about a mile away. The local habitat is mostly chaparral on sandy shale soils.
Description.
"Arctostaphylos densiflora" is a small shrub growing in low, spreading clumps under a meter-3 feet in height. The shiny green leaves are oval to widely lance-shaped and less than 3 centimeters long. It bears inflorescences of light to bright pink urn-shaped flowers. The fruit is a drupe about half a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19379328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379328" title="Exit (Shugo Tokumaru album)">
Exit (Shugo Tokumaru album)

Exit is the third album from Japanese multi-instrumentalist Shugo Tokumaru. The album garnered universal acclaim by music critics, eventually earning the title of being tied for the sixth best album of 2008 according to Metacritic.
Background.
Tokumaru plays more than fifty different instruments on the album and claims that he "drew inspiration" for its music from Japanese pop and a pile of old Beatles cassettes. Both of these were very influential music styles. He attained the album's experimental sound using everyday household objects such as a fork, ashtray, doorbell, wind-up toys; along with more traditional instruments such as acoustic guitar and wooden flutes. Most or all of the instruments were played in major key in a clipped, almost clockwork cadence. The album was mixed and recorded on his laptop, using the popular digital audio program Pro Tools.

</doc>
<doc id="19379335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379335" title="Charles E. Jones (judge)">
Charles E. Jones (judge)

Charles Edward Jones, Jr. (born June 12, 1935) served as an associate judge on the Arizona Supreme Court from 1996 to 2002 and then as the Chief Justice of the court from 2002 to 2005. Jones is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and has served in several positions in the church.
Biography.
Jones was born and raised in Lethbridge, Alberta. He served as a Mormon missionary in the French Mission in the 1950s, which included France and the French-speaking portions of Belgium and Switzerland. In 1959, he graduated from Brigham Young University with a B.A. He then received a J.D. from Stanford University.
Jones married Elizabeth Ann Anderson, a native of Safford, Arizona. They are the parents of seven children.
Jones was admitted to the bar in California in 1962 and then admitted to the bar in Arizona in 1964. From 1963 he was part of the firm of Jennings, Stouss & Salmon and was the head of their labor and employment division. From 1994 to 1998 Jones was the National Chair of the J. Reuben Clark Law Society.
In the LDS Church, Jones has served in several positions including as a bishop and stake president. From 1990 to 1993 he served as president of the France Paris Mission.

</doc>
<doc id="19379415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379415" title="Canton of Saint-Martin-de-Ré">
Canton of Saint-Martin-de-Ré

The Canton of Saint-Martin-de-Ré is a French administrative division located in Île de Ré, Charente-Maritime, Poitou-Charentes. Its chef-lieu is Saint-Martin-de-Ré.
Geography.
The canton is bordered by the pertuis Breton to the north, by the "strait of La Pallice" to the east and the sluice of Antioch to the south. To the west, it adjoins the canton of Ars-en-Ré by the commune of La Couarde-sur-Mer. Its altitude varies all the way from 0 m (La Flotte) to 17 m (Le Bois-Plage-en-Ré) with an average altitude of 8 m (about 8.8 yards high). The nature of its soil as the geology of the island are of the same origin than the one of Aunis, whose Île de Ré represents the western extension.
Administration and demography.
The canton is located in the eastern part of Île de Ré and belongs to the arrondissement of La Rochelle. This canton comprises five communes: Le Bois-Plage-en-Ré, La Flotte, Rivedoux-Plage, Saint-Martin-de-Ré, Sainte-Marie-de-Ré. Its chef-lieu is the small port town of Saint-Martin-de-Ré. According to the 2006 census of the population in France without double counting, the five communes of the canton included 13,021 inhabitants.
Politics.
List of the general councillors ("conseillers généraux") since 1906:

</doc>
<doc id="19379442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379442" title="Companion (caregiving)">
Companion (caregiving)

In health care and caregiving, a companion, sitter, or private duty may be a nursing assistant or similar professional who is hired to work with one patient (or occasionally two). Companions may be hired to work in a variety of settings, including nursing homes, assisted living facilities, hospitals, and private homes, and their duties range from advanced medical care to simple companionship and observation.
By location.
Hospitals.
In hospitals, sitters are hired by the hospital for patients who cannot remain unsupervised for even a short period of time. These include patients who are at risk for injury to themselves or others due to disorientation or combativeness, those whose vital signs are severely unstable, or those who have been observed attempting suicide (known as a "suicide watch").
Companions performing suicide watches also work in mental institutions. In some facilities, this is referred to as intense suicide observation (ISO) or "intense suicide watch."
Nursing homes.
In a nursing home or assisted living facility, a companion or sitter is often hired by the resident or his/her family to provide personal care to the patient at a level that cannot be provided by the facility's nursing staff, in which each member is responsible for a much larger number of patients. These private duty nurses and aides may provide more immediate and detailed service, whereas facility staff can only reach the patient in turn and provide less frequent, rudimentary care. Companions in nursing homes also provide social companionship.
Nursing homes, like hospitals, sometimes hire sitters to watch patients who are at risk for injury to themselves or suicide.
Private homes.
An aide providing care to one or more persons in a private home is generally referred to as a home health aide.
Companions are sometimes hired to provide only chores within a household, such as basic-level cooking, cleaning, or in some cases, nothing more than supervision or social interaction without providing any hands-on care.
Companions are sometimes directly hired privately by clients or their families. In many cases, clients or their families obtain companion care services by utilizing the services of in-home care companies. Some in-home care companies act as the employer of the caregivers that they send out to clients' homes. Other in-home care companies take the approach that the caregivers are not employees of the companies, and instead may be independent contractors or employees of the clients, depending upon the degree of supervision and control exercised by the clients or their families over the caregivers' activities and tasks.
The laws regulating companion care in private homes vary from state to state. Some states, such as Tennessee, require home care companies. Others do not. California currently does not provide any licensing nor any consumer protection regulatory oversight over in-home care companies unless those companies are also licensed as "home health agencies" that are specifically licensed to provide skilled nursing care in patients' homes.

</doc>
<doc id="19379466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379466" title="2006 Independence Bowl">
2006 Independence Bowl

The 2006 PetroSun Independence Bowl, part of the 2006–07 NCAA football bowl season, took place on December 28, 2006 at Independence Stadium in Shreveport, Louisiana. The competing teams were the Alabama Crimson Tide, representing the Southeastern Conference, and the Oklahoma State Cowboys, from the Big 12 Conference. Oklahoma State won the game, 34–31.
This was the only 2006–07 bowl game in which both teams finished 6-6 on the regular season, and the first meeting between the programs on the gridiron. With the dismissal of Alabama head coach Mike Shula occurring in November, Joe Kines would serve as the Tide's head coach for this contest, with Nick Saban being hired as coach the following January.
Game summary.
Alabama played Oklahoma State in the Independence Bowl on December 28, 2006. The Cowboys scored first on a Dantrell Savage 1-yard touchdown run to lead 7–0. Alabama would respond later in the first on a Matt Caddell 18-yard touchdown reception from John Parker Wilson to tie the game at 7–7. Oklahoma State would respond with 10 consecutive points on a Keith Toston 4-yard touchdown run and later on a 28-yard field goal by Jason Ricks to take a 17-7 lead. Alabama would respond with Tim Castille 1-yard touchdown run, only to have the Cowboys respond with a Keith Toston 7-yard touchdown run to take a 24-14 lead at the half.
After bring the score to 24-17 in the third on a 24-yard field goal by Jamie Christensen, Oklahoma State would respond with an Adarius Bowman 10-yard touchdown reception from Bobby Reid early in the fourth to extend their lead to 31–17. The Tide would respond with 14 straight points on an 86-yard punt return by Javier Arenas and a throwback to offensive tackle Andre Smith at the 2-yard line to even the score at 31–31. The Cowboys would seal the victory with only 00:08 remaining in the game on a 27-yard, game-winning field goal by Jason Ricks. For the game, the Cowboys' 34 points and 419 yards were the most allowed by the Alabama defense for the 2006 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19379490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379490" title="Faye Reagan">
Faye Reagan

Faye Reagan, formerly Faye Valentine, (born September 19, 1988) is an American pornographic actress.
Born in Las Vegas, Nevada, she started her career with a brief appearance in a print ad for American Apparel in mid-2008, credited as Jillian, and in Steve Connell's short video poetry of "Compromise". In May 2008 she was one of "Adult Video News"'s four "Fresh New Faces" cover girls. She appeared at the 12th annual Erotic LA convention at the Los Angeles Convention Center in June 2008. Reagan was engaged to fellow pornographic actor Dane Cross, whom she worked with on a regular basis from 2007 to 2009. In 2011, lifestyle magazine "Complex" placed her at #9 in their list of "The Top 100 Hottest Porn Stars Right Now".

</doc>
<doc id="19379512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379512" title="Matt Walker (swimmer)">
Matt Walker (swimmer)

Matthew "Matt" Benedict Walker MBE (born 25 April 1978 in Stockport, England) is a British swimmer who has participated in four Paralympic Games, winning eleven medals. He competes in the S7 (butterfly and freestyle), SM7 (medley) and SB7 (breaststroke) classifications.
Career.
Walker's first international medal came with a bronze in the 100 m breaststroke at the 1997 European Championships in Spain. Since then he has gone on to win four further European Championship medals and eight World Championship medals. He also won a bronze medal in the 50 m freestyle and finished fourth in the 100 m freestyle, at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, where he was the only disabled swimmer representing England.
Paralympics.
Walker competed in the Paralympics for the first time during the 2000 games, in Sydney. In all he took home three medals from these games, a bronze in the 100 m breaststroke SB7, silver in the 50 m freestyle S7 and gold in the 4×100 m freestyle 34 pts. As part of the gold medal winning relay team, which also included Jody Cundy, Giles Long and David Roberts, he set a new world record time of 4:06.85.
In the 2004 Summer Paralympics, in Athens, Walker won a further two individual medals, silvers in both the 50 and 100 m S7 freestyle events. He was again part of the gold medal winning 4×100 m freestyle 34 pts relay team, which also included Roberts, Graham Edmunds and Robert Welbourn, that set a new world record of 3:59.62. 
Beijing 2008 was Walker's third appearance at a Paralympics, and his most successful to date with five medals won. He medalled in both the 50 and 100 m S7 freestyle events, as he had done in Athens, and picked up medals in butterfly and medley events for the first time, winning silver in the 50 m S7 butterfly, with a European record time of 32.24 seconds, and bronze in the 200 m individual medley SM7. Competing alongside David Roberts, Robert Welbourn and Graham Edmunds, Walker won a gold medal in the 4×100 m freestyle 34 pts for the third time in as many Games. This meant that he has now won eleven Paralympic medals, with all of his silver and bronze medals being won individually and all three of his golds being in relay events.
Walker was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours.
In the 2012 Paralympics, within the S7 category, Walker is participating in the 50m freestyle, 100m freestyle, 50m butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="19379517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379517" title="Rakhshan Bani-E'temad">
Rakhshan Bani-E'temad

Rakhshān Bani-E'temād (, Rakhshān Bani-E'temād, born 3 April 1954 in Tehran) is an internationally and critically acclaimed Iranian film director and screenwriter. She is widely considered Iran's premier female director, and her films have been praised at international festivals as well as being remarkably popular with Iranian critics and audiences. Her title as “First Lady of Iranian Cinema” is not only a reference to her prominence as a filmmaker, but it also connotes her social role of merging politics and family in her work.
Early Life and Education.
Rakhshan Bani-E'temad was born into a middle-class family. While her parents wanted her to pursue a career in teaching, Bani-E'temad demonstrated an interest in film from a young age. As a teenager, she had decided to study film. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in film studies from the Dramatic Arts University in Tehran.
Career.
Shortly after completing her degree, Bani-E'temad began working for the Iranian television network IRIB (Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting), where she began directing television documentary features. Her features are steeped in the social and economic problems of Iran.
Bani-E'temad did not receive immediate praise upon entering the film industry. Her early feature films were met by harsh criticism. However, she finally earned critical and popular success in 1991 with her film "Nargess." She received the Best Director Award from the Fajr Film Festival, marking the first time in the history of the festival that a woman was awarded the Best Director prize. Since then, she has received numerous awards for her films, including a Bronze Leopard Award for her film "The Blue-Veiled" at the 1995 Locarno Film Festival.
Since she began making films in 1978, she has come to exemplify her own unique style. Bani-E'temad’s films are considered socially and politically conscious social documentaries. She aims to reflect the realities of Iranian people’s daily life experiences. Her documentaries are centered on issues of poverty, criminality, divorce, polygamy, social norms, cultural taboos, women’s oppression, and cultural expectations.
Her 2001 film "Under the Skin of the City" was entered into the 23rd Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Golden St.George. The following year she was a member of the jury at the 24th Moscow International Film Festival.
With her 2002 film "Our Times", Bani-E'temad became the first female filmmaker to explicitly confront the Iran-Iraq war, placing her in an important role in Iranian film history. She has been known to challenge censorship codes to the very edge.
Bani-E'temad has reflected an interest and an attraction to strong female characters dealing with social issues. In her more recent films, she features female characters from lower classes and incomes who are struggling to make a living. Bani-E'temad highlights the strength and resilience of Iranian women as the hope for the future of the country. According to the filmmaker, despite the legal and cultural barriers and the economic hardships for lower income women, their strong nature is the admirable quality about women in Iran. In addition, her films focus on the complex relationships between mothers and their children. This stems from her own experience as a mother in Iran, but also from the Iranian woman's inability to tackle her life without considering her maternal role—a reality that is deeply engrained in Iranian patriarchal structure.
Despite the predominance of strong female protagonists in her work, Bani-E'temad is not to be confused with feminist filmmaking. In fact, Bani-Etemad has explicitly rejected the label often applied to her by Western film festivals as a “feminist filmmaker.” She is more concerned in the universal struggle of society’s lower rungs, regardless of gender. In addition, she does not associate with the label due to the implications of the word “feminist,” which in Iran has a more negative connotation than in America. According to Bani-E'temad, as long as the understanding of the term remains in Iran, she will disassociate with the label.
Unlike most other Iranian filmmakers who share a common style, such as using long takes and non-professional actors, Bani-E'temad has her own distinct style. Her approach to the subject matter of her films is more emotional and theatrical. She has admit to letting the subject matter and theme of her films determine the structure, technique, and casting.
Bani-E'temad is recognized for combining the tropes of fiction and documentary film into her unique style. It is hard for the filmmaker to separate the two, and she finds that documentary elements often come into play as she is doing the research and shooting of her films. Her unique style emerged from her passion for representing the reality of Iranian society as accurately as possible. In order to achieve authenticity and reflect reality, Bani-E'temad personally spends time living in the conditions of people she is reflecting in her own characters. She relies on experience rather than research to provide a realistic portrayal. With her knowledge of the contemporary social issues she tackles, the filmmaker lives with families similar to her own characters prior to production in order to understand their conditions. For her 2005 film "Gilaneh," Bani-E'temad spent a year and a half living in the village of Espili, observing the day-to-day lives of a war-torn population still suffering the repercussions of war, fifteen years after the Iran-Iraq war. In the process of dramatizing reality, she applies documentary conventions to reflect reality intimately.
In conjunction with her documentary approach to fictional film, Bani-E'temad’s signature style consists of films that deal with social issues specific to Iran yet still maintain broad international appeal. She is recognized for reflecting the struggles of Iran’s lower classes, the plight of single women and single mothers in Iran, and complicated family relationships. She often examines the duality of human nature in familial and work spaces. To accommodate documentary conventions, her characters directly address the camera.
Legacy.
With a collection of films that combine absolute honesty with extraordinary subtlety, Bani-E'temad offers an analysis of the current cultural pressures shaping Iranian women's lives. She is widely recognized among Iranian audiences and critics as one of Iran's most prominent filmmakers, and has also enjoyed international popularity.
Personal life.
She is the wife of Iranian film producer Jahangir Kosari. Her daughter is Iranian actress Baran Kosari, who has worked with her mother throughout most of her films. Baran began acting from a young age, and she is now a professional actress. She has appeared in her mother's films, as well as the films of other Iranian filmmakers.

</doc>
<doc id="19379520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379520" title="Disar">
Disar

Disar (, also Romanized as Dīsar) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 37 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="19379541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379541" title="Robert Haslam (Pony Bob)">
Robert Haslam (Pony Bob)

Robert "Pony Bob" Haslam (January 1840, London, England – February 29, 1912, Chicago, Illinois) was a Pony Express rider in the American Old West. He came to the United States as a teen and was hired by Bolivar Roberts, helped build the stations, and was assigned the run from Friday's Station (State Line) to Buckland Station near Fort Churchill, 75 miles to the east. Perhaps his greatest ride, 120 miles in 8 hours and 20 minutes while wounded, was an important contribution to the fastest trip ever made by the Pony Express. The message carried, Abraham Lincoln's Inaugural Address. After the Pony Express, Haslam returned as an employee of Wells, Fargo & Company, which operated its own enterprise between San Francisco and Virginia City. He later served as a Deputy United States Marshall in Salt Lake City. In his final years he worked in the Hotel Congress in Chicago. He made a personal business card with a sketch of himself as a Pony Express rider at the age of twenty and entertained guests with stories of his adventures.
Haslam is credited with having made the longest round trip ride of the Pony Express. He had received the eastbound mail (probably the May 10 mail from San Francisco) at Friday's Station. At Buckland's Station his relief rider was so badly frightened over the Indian threat that he refused to take the mail. Haslam agreed to take the mail all the way to Smith's Creek for a total distance of 190 miles without a rest. After a rest of nine hours, he retraced his route with the westbound mail. At Cold Springs he found that Indians had raided the place, killing the station keeper and running off all of the stock. Finally he reached Buckland's Station, completing a 380-mile round trip, the longest on record for the Pony Express.
Haslam continued to work as a rider for Wells Fargo and Company after the U.S. Civil War, scouted for the U.S. Army well into his fifties, and later accompanied his good friend Buffalo Bill Cody on a diplomatic mission to negotiate the surrender of Chief Sitting Bull in December 1890. He drifted in and out of public mention but eventually died in Chicago during the winter of 1912 (age 72) in deep poverty after suffering a stroke. It is reported that Buffalo Bill paid for Pony Bob's headstone at Mount Greenwood Cemetery on Chicago's far south side; however, the business records indicate it was paid for by a family member. A map to the grave site is available from the cemetery office during regular business hours (all week, 9:00 AM - 4:00 PM).

</doc>
<doc id="19379549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379549" title="Regulatory responses to the subprime crisis">
Regulatory responses to the subprime crisis

Regulatory responses to the subprime crisis addresses various actions taken by governments around the world to address the effects of the subprime mortgage crisis.
Regulators and legislators are considering action regarding lending practices, bankruptcy protection, tax policies, affordable housing, credit counseling, education, and the licensing and qualifications of lenders. Regulations or guidelines can also influence the nature, transparency and regulatory reporting required for the complex legal entities and securities involved in these transactions. Congress also is conducting hearings to help identify solutions and apply pressure to the various parties involved.
U.S. President Barack Obama and key advisers introduced a series of regulatory proposals in June 2009. The proposals address consumer protection, executive pay, bank financial cushions or capital requirements, expanded regulation of the shadow banking system and derivatives, and enhanced authority for the Federal Reserve to safely wind-down systemically important institutions, among others.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner testified before Congress on October 29, 2009. His testimony included five elements he stated as critical to effective reform: 
The Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was signed into law by President Obama in July 2010, addressing each of these topics to varying degrees. Among other things, it created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008.
The Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 in the United States included six separate major acts designed to restore confidence in the domestic mortgage industry. The Act included:
Federal reserve powers.
A sweeping proposal was presented 31 March 2008 regarding the regulatory powers of the U.S. Federal Reserve, expanding its jurisdiction over other types of financial institutions and authority to intervene in market crises.
Expansion of government agency authority.
The U.S House passed a bill in early April, 2008 that would offer government insurance on $300 billion in new mortgages to refinance loans for an estimated 500,000 borrowers facing foreclosure and an additional 15 billion to affected states to buy and fix foreclosed homes.
Lending practices.
In response to a concern that lending was not properly regulated, the House and Senate are both considering bills to regulate lending practices.
U.S. Congressional ethics reform.
In the wake of a subprime mortgage crisis and questions about Countrywide Financial’s VIP program, ethics experts and key senators recommend that members of congress should be required to disclose information about their mortgages.
Capital reserve requirements.
Non-depository banks (e.g., investment banks and mortgage companies) are not subject to the same capital reserve requirements as depository banks. Many of the investment banks had limited capital reserves to address declines in mortgage-backed securities or support their side of credit default derivative insurance contracts. Nobel prize winner Joseph Stiglitz recommends that regulations be established to limit the extent of leverage permitted and not allow companies to become "too big to fail", by breaking them up into smaller entities. He has also recommended reforming executive compensation, to make it less short-term focused; enhance consumer protection; and establish a regulatory review mechanism for new exotic types of financial instruments.
Short-selling restrictions.
UK regulators announced a temporary ban on short-selling of financial stocks on September 18, 2008. Short-selling is a method of profiting when a stock declines in value. When large, speculative short-sale bets accumulate against a stock or other financial asset, the price can be driven down. Short sales were among the causes blamed for rapid price declines in Lehman Brother's stock price prior to its bankruptcy. On September 19 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) followed by placing a temporary ban of short-selling stocks of financial institutions. In addition, the SEC made it easier for institutions to buy back shares of their institutions. The halt of short-selling in the US was set to expire on October 2, but was extended until it expired at 11:59PM EDT on October 8. The action was based on the view that short selling in a crisis market undermines confidence in financial institutions and erodes their stability.
Proposed solutions.
President Barack Obama and key advisers introduced a series of regulatory proposals in June 2009. The proposals address consumer protection, executive pay, bank financial cushions or capital requirements, expanded regulation of the shadow banking system and derivatives, and enhanced authority for the Federal Reserve to safely wind-down systemically important institutions, among others.
Legislation has cleared the house and is progressing in the senate.
A variety of regulatory changes have been proposed by economists, politicians, journalists, and business leaders to minimize the impact of the current crisis and prevent recurrence. However, as of April 2009, many of the proposed solutions have not yet been implemented. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19379588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379588" title="Derek Lee Nixon">
Derek Lee Nixon

Derek Lee Nixon (born April 13, 1983) is an American actor/producer. He grew up in Texas and gained notoriety in 2002 after starring in Mary-Kate and Ashley's, "When in Rome" as well as in several Hollywood films, including "Hallettsville" (with Gary Busey), "The Lights" (with Joe Estevez), "Outrage" (with Michael Madsen, Natasha Lyonne, and Michael Berryman), "The Jerk Theory" (with Tom Arnold, Jenna Dewan-Tatum, Josh Henderson, Lauren Storm), and then starring in "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" franchise co-creator Kim Henkel's "BONEBOYS". His Television Credits include guest starring on Boston Public and the short lived series Do-Over with a recurring job on The Andy Dick Show. Nixon also is not related to Richard Nixon.
Early life.
Derek Lee Nixon was born in San Antonio, Texas, he graduated from Churchill High School in 2001. Nixon began his acting career at the age of 6, landing his first job a PSA (Public Service Announcement for the Department of Public Safety. From ages 6 to 14, Nixon worked on many regional commercials including Six Flags Fiesta Texas, Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, and Southwestern Bell. National commercials including Ford Motor Company, SeaWorld and DARE. Television credits included Spanish Club House with actresses Hilary Duff and Haylie Duff, Kaleidoscope, Boundaries and America's Most Wanted. This led to his move to Los Angeles, California at the age of 18.
School.
He attended and graduated from Winston Churchill High School in San Antonio, Texas, 2001 via ACE.
Present life.
He currently lives in Los Angeles, California, but spends a lot of his time back in San Antonio, with his daughter Tyler Jade Nixon and family. Nixon is roommates with his director of "Hallettsville" Andrew Pozza and fellow actor Jordan Brower. Nixon is also close friends with another San Antonio native who starred in "New York Minute", Jared Padalecki.
Career.
Nixon's first credit was a minor role in the 1999 airing of the "America's Most Wanted" episode titled "The Jason Crawford Killing". In 2002, he was cast as Ryan in Mary-Kate and Ashley's "When in Rome". Nixon and two others in 2004 developed a horror film "Hallettsville" in which Nixon played the title character with actor Gary Busey; the shooting dates were pushed forward because of financing issues. In 2006 "Hallettsville" was under way with a direct to DVD release January 2009. In January 2007 Nixon produced and starred in a sci-fi thriller, "The Lights", directed by John M. Sjogren, where he again played the lead character, with Ozzy Lusth from "Survivor" and Joe Estevez. In April 2007, Nixon teamed up with director Ace Cruz and co-produced and starred in "Outrage", a thriller with actors Michael Madsen, Natasha Lyonne and Michael Berryman. In November 2007, Nixon signed onto the teen comedy The Jerk Theory; he stars alongside Josh Henderson, Jenna Dewan, and Tom Arnold. Nixon produced and starred in the multi award winning film "A Schizophrenic Love Story" alongside Academy Award nominee Bruce Davison in 2010. Nixon made his directorial debut in 2011 with the horror/comedy spoof "Supernatural Activity" with a release date in October 2012 and also starring in "Butcher Boys", working with horror writer Kim Henkel the same year. Nixon produced Ya'Ke Smith's first feature film "WOLF" which premiered in 2012 at the SXSW Film Festival and won several other festivals including Dallas International Film Festival and Little Rock Film Festival's best picture awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19379594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379594" title="Khalid Bin Whalid training camp">
Khalid Bin Whalid training camp

The Khalid Bin Whalid training camp was an Afghan training camp providing military training in the 1990s.
Muslim convert Aukai Collins described his stay in the camp in 1993. Collins said he befriended Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh there. Sheikh was later convicted of a role in the kidnapping and murder of Daniel Pearl. Collins, on the other hand, attended the camp to prepare himself for aiding militant Chechen nationalists. He claimed that some of the camp's graduates, like him, attacked only legitimate military targets.
In 1998, the camp was the target of a retaliatory attack by the United States, in response to the 1998 United States embassy bombings.

</doc>
<doc id="19379604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379604" title="Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company">
Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company

The Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company (LCAN) is an anthracite coal mining company headquartered in Pottsville, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., with operations in the Panther Creek Valley along U.S. Route 209 in the areas of Tamaqua, Coaldale, and Lansford. The closely held company was incorporated in 1988, taking the name of the Lehigh Coal & Navigation Company, a prominent coal mining and shipping company first established in 1820 with the merger of "The Lehigh Coal Mining Company" and the "Lehigh Navigation Company", both of which operated in the Lehigh Valley area of Pennsylvania beginning in 1818, and once owned and opened up the whole area in which the LCAN now operates.
The earlier company, called "the Old Company" had owned and operated an extensive system of coal mines in Carbon and Schuylkill Counties, two canals, the Lehigh Canal and the Delaware Division of the Pennsylvania Canal, the historic Mauch Chunk & Summit Hill Railway (MC&SH), the funicular railway called the Ashley Planes, and a railroad system, the Lehigh and Susquehanna Railroad (LH&S) into which they later merged the MC&SC gravity railroad and the Ashley Planes, which they connected to the Pennsylvania Canal docks at West Pittston, Pennsylvania on the Susquehanna River and the Duryea yard before extending the LH&S through the Lehigh River Gorge past Mauch Chunk and Allentown to Easton, Pennsylvania. In the 1870s, the LH&S was leased to the Central Railroad of New Jersey), which extended the route into a Buffalo-NYC prestige line. It also built the Mauch Chunk Switchback Railway to move coal.
The original company was founded by Josiah White (1780-1850) and Erskine Hazard (1790-1865).
Like other Pennsylvania mining companies, Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company has been criticized for polluting the environment, and received several legal notices and fines. The current company was founded by James J. Curran, a Schuylkill County attorney.
In 2004, the company was forced into bankruptcy by some of its creditors, and some of its land was at risk of being sold for back taxes. In 2006, the company's operations were suspended unless Curran stepped aside and kept out of actual operation — for a management team satisfactory to mining and EPA authorities, citing a violation of a consent decree from previous complaints, so a new management team took over.

</doc>
<doc id="19379610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379610" title="Claudia Lizaldi">
Claudia Lizaldi

Claudia Lizaldi (born on August 19, 1978 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican anchor, actress and model. Her surname Lizaldi is basque.
She started her career by hosting a contest and games program at Once TV (11 TV) from, National Polytechnic Institute, a low audience channel because its content is cultural, in which she stays for 3 years. After participating in that channel her beauty and talent, although being a small woman ( only 1.57 m) allows her joining Televisa, the biggest Mexican television broadcaster.
In March 2004 she is one of the contendants of the reality show Big Brother VIP, where she gets over six eliminations and finally gets the second place, only behind Eduardo Videgaray.
In May 2005 she is a host in the spectacles section of newscast "El cristal con que se mira".
She came in "La jugada", one of the main sports program in the country, she is also a host of the famous program Pepsi Chart (Mexican edition), sharing the leading with the male singer Erik Rubín.
She also is a co-host of the morning program "Nuestra Casa" and she is a presenter of another sport program called "Fútbol Fantástico".
Currently she is a host in "La oreja", the principal spectacles Televisa program and she participates in the Mexico's theater play The Vagina Monologues.
Although only being 1.57 her beautiful face and curves have boosted her career in modeling, she has posed for several men's magazines, including H Para Hombres.
Lizaldi is featured in Volaris's safety video.

</doc>
<doc id="19379638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379638" title="Peckoltia bachi">
Peckoltia bachi

Peckoltia bachi is a species of armored catfish.
Distribution and habitat.
"P. bachi" is found throughout the upper Amazon River and its tributaries in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
It inhabits the edge of medium to large rivers among submerged twigs and grasses, usually in flow. They may use their pelvic fins to hold onto these twigs and grasses, similar to species of "Hypoptopoma".
Appearance and anatomy.
"P. bachi" can be distinguished from all other species of "Peckoltia" because of a number of traits. It is the only "Peckoltia" that is able to fold its pelvic fins so that the pelvic fin spines can run parallel to the underside of its body. It also has wider pelvic fin spines than other species. Also, its eyes are low on its head. These traits make this fish appear similar to "Hypoptopoma". Their opercle also generally have a patch of odontodes at all ages; in other species of "Peckoltia", there generally are not many odontodes on the opercle, and they disappear with size. "P. bachi" has a tan base color and spotting or spots on the body and fins. "P. bachi" and "P. caenosa" are the only species that are mottled instead of having dorsal saddles or spots. "P. bachi" can be distinguished from "P. caenosa" by having diffuse, large spots on the head and no markings on the abdomen; "P. caenosa" has vermiculations on the head and body.
Males may have hypertrophied odontodes on the sides of the body and the posterior portion of the head.
There is some variation in coloration between populations.
"P. bachi" has a noticeably different form from all other members of the Hypostominae, but recognizing it in its own genus, as it has been in the past, is unjustified.
This species grows to a length of TL.

</doc>
<doc id="19379677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379677" title="The Keeper's Price">
The Keeper's Price

"The Keeper's Price and Other Stories" is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books in February, 1980. Many of the stories first appeared in the magazine "Starstone".

</doc>
<doc id="19379691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379691" title="Alcester-Hudson High School">
Alcester-Hudson High School

Alcester-Hudson High School is the main secondary school for grades 9-12 located in Alcester, South Dakota. The high school serves the cities of Alcester, South Dakota and Hudson, South Dakota.
The first students graduated from the Alcester's full high school in May 1911. The graduating class consisted of two girls, Ethel Johnson and Myra Weed.
Alcester-Hudson High School was formed when Alcester High School of Alcester, South Dakota was merged with Hudson High School of Hudson, South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="19379701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379701" title="Barbara Grantmyre">
Barbara Grantmyre

Barbara Grantmyre was a Canadian writer. Born Barbara Lucas, she is known for several works of nonfiction including "Lunar Rogue" (1963) about the criminal Henry More Smith and "The River that Missed the Boat" (1975) about the Shubenacadie Canal. She also wrote short stories including a collection published as "A Rose for Minnie Mullet" in 1964. She was a contemporary of Thomas Raddall.
Her husband was Thomas Grantmyre and they lived in Elmsdale, Nova Scotia. She had four children - Merrit, Gretchen, Leigh and Brenda.
Barbara also wrote several short stories including the "Christmas Goose."

</doc>
<doc id="19379706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379706" title="The Forest and the Zoo">
The Forest and the Zoo

The Forest and the Zoo is the first live album by Steve Lacy and was released on the ESP label in 1967. It features a concert performance recorded in Buenos Aires, Argentina by Lacy, Enrico Rava, Johnny Dyani and Louis Moholo.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 3½ stars stating "This is not normally considered an essential part of Lacy's very large catalog, but in the 21st century it does deserve to be heartily and critically reexamined. The cover painting by the late artist Bob Thompson makes the set worth owning simply for its beauty. ".

</doc>
<doc id="19379710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379710" title="Gundoald, Duke of Asti">
Gundoald, Duke of Asti

Gundoald ("c." 565 – 616) was a Bavarian nobleman of the Agilolfing family, a son of Duke Garibald I and Walderada, and the Duke of Asti from sometime around 589.
In 588 his elder sister Theudelinda was engaged to the king of the Lombards, Authari. The potential marital alliance with the Lombards sparked an invasion by the Bavarains' overlords, the Franks, in 589. Theudelinda and Gundoald both fled to Italy. There Theudelinda married Authari in May, and Gundoald was invested with the duchy of Asti and the hand of a granddaughter of King Wacho in marriage. With her had two children, Gundpert and Aripert.
Gundoald was killed by an arrow in 616.

</doc>
<doc id="19379723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379723" title="Scott Slutzker">
Scott Slutzker

Scott Lawrence Slutzker (born December 20, 1972, in Oakland, California) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League.
Biography.
Slutzker is Jewish. Growing up in Hasbrouck Heights, New Jersey, he attended Hasbrouck Heights High School, where he played basketball and baseball as well as football. Slutzker made first team all league in baseball and basketball his senior year and was an All American in football. He is one of few to score 1,000 points and 1,000 rebounds for his high school.
He turned down Notre Dame to play football at the University of Iowa.
In the 1996 NFL Draft, he was selected in the 3rd round (82nd overall pick), out of the University of Iowa by the Indianapolis Colts. He played 41 games over four seasons in the NFL with the Colts and the New Orleans Saints, and spent one preseason with the New York Jets.

</doc>
<doc id="19379726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379726" title="Hackensack tribe">
Hackensack tribe

Hackensack was the exonym given by the Dutch colonists to a band of the Lenape, a Native American. The name is a Dutch derivation of the Lenape word for what is now the region of northeastern New Jersey along the Hudson and Hackensack rivers. While the Lenape people occupied much of the mid-Atlantic area, Europeans referred to small groups of native people by the names associated with the places where they lived.
Territory and society.
A phratry of the Lenape, the Hackensack spoke the Unami dialect, one of the three major parts of the Lenape languages, which were part of the Algonquian language family. "Unami" meant the "people down river", and they identified themselves with the totem of the turtle ("Turtle Clan"). Their territory has been variously spelled Ack-kinkas-hacky, Achkinhenhcky, Achinigeu-hach, Ackingsah-sack (among others) and translated as "place of stony ground" or "mouth of a river". It included the areas around the Upper New York Bay, Newark Bay, Bergen Neck, the Meadowlands, and the Palisades. Other bands of Unami speakers in the area included: the Raritan on Staten Island/Raritan Bay, the Acquackanonk on the Passaic River, and the Tappan along the Palisades and Pascack Valley. These groups, along with the Wappinger in the Hudson Valley, and Canarsee and Rockaway on Long Island, were sometimes collectively called the River Indians. 
In the 17th century, the Hackensack numbered about one thousand, of whom 300 were warriors. Their "sachem" (or high chief) was Oratam (born circa 1576). He was likely also the sagamore of the Tappan, a distinct but intimately related Lenape group. It has also been written that the Tappan and the Hackensack were one tribe. The proof of this is the many land deeds signed by men who were Sachems of both tribes at the same time. The Lenape practiced seasonal migration and agriculture. The Hackensack set up campsites and practiced companion planting to supplement foraging, hunting, fishing, trapping, and shellfishing. The terrain was quite diverse: wide tidal flats and oyster beds, forested mountains, and level land that could be cultivated. 
They relocated Ackensack, their semi-permanent village, every several years to allow the land to renew itself. It was sited mostly between Tantaqua and the middle reaches of the Hackensack River. Their summer encampment and council fire was located at "Gamoenpa," the "big landing-place from the other side of the river.". At Hopoghan Hackingh (meaning "land of the tobacco pipe"), they collected soapstone from which to carve tobacco pipes.
One of the major village sites may have been located along the east side of the Hackensack river in what is now the southwestern corner of the Township of Teaneck. By pure chance, the land is preserved as a local park called Terhune Park. The spot along the river is also referred to as "Kipp's Bend". Kipp's Bend is the most southerly site along the Hackensack River where, prior to urban development, there were uplands that reached directly to the riverbank. This makes it the most logical spot for an encampment for a river-centric Native American tribe that harvested oysters and other seafood in what is now the Meadowlands. Wetlands existed along both sides of the riverbank at all areas south. While planting a Pin Oak around the year 2000, Teaneck resident Dee Ann Ipp reports that she dug through "several feet of nothing but oyster shells". The spot where she planted the tree is in the portion of the park that sits as a raised mound about 150 feet across. This mound is strangely at odds with the local toography. In most recent historic times, the mound was the site of a Dutch sandstone home built during colonial times. Evidently Terhune Park was not the site of Native American occupation at the time of European contact, as there are no historical sources pinpointing occupation at this exact site. Eric Martindale has speculated that the mound is largely oyster shells and other debris from Native American occupation that may have occurred at this site either sporadically for thousands of years. If this is true, Terhune Park could be one of the most significant Native American archeological sites on the eastern seaboard. Further investigation and archeological study is warranted. 
The society of the Hackensack (and all Lenape) was based on governance by consensus. A sagamore, though very influential, was obliged to follow decisions of the council, leaders among the men. Those with the totem of the turtle were held in great esteem by Lenape groups, particularly as peacemakers. The word "caucus" may come from the Algonquian "caucauasu" meaning "counselor".
New Netherland and Province of New Jersey.
The Dutch claimed Hackensack lands as part of the colonial province of New Netherland after Henry Hudson first explored the area. He sailed up the river now named for him, anchoring at Weehawken Cove in September 1609. Living close to what became the province's capital, New Amsterdam (at the tip of Manhattan), the Hackensack had early and frequent contact with the New Netherlanders. They traded beaver, pelts, sewant, manufactured goods, including firearms, gunpowder and alcohol. They also "sold" their land for settlements at Pavonia, Communipaw, Harsimus, Hoboken, Weehawken, Constable Hook, Achter Col, Vriessendael. 
In 1658, Peter Stuyvesant, the Director-General of New Netherland, re-negotiated the purchase of all the land from ""the great rock above Wiehacken"", west to Sikakes and south to Konstapels Hoeck. The area became collectively known as Bergen with the founding of a village at Bergen Square in 1661. In 1666, the Hackensack sold the land that would become the city of Newark to Robert Treat and in 1669, Oratam deeded a vast tract of land (2200 acres) to Sara Kiersted (who had mastered the Lenape language and acted as interpreter) between Overpeck Creek and the Hackensack River. He also brokered many land sales, and treaties between the native and colonizing peoples, including those that ended Kieft's War and the Esopus Wars.
In a series of essays published in 1655, David Pietersen de Vries, who had established a homestead at Vriessendael, described his observations of the Hackensack.
The British take-over of New Netherland between 1663 and 1674 coincided with Oratam's death (who was said to have lived into his 90s). The government of the newly formed province of East Jersey quickly surveyed, patented, or deeded lands throughout Hackensack, Tappan, and Raritan territory. In most cases, the Lenape were compensated for sale of the land. Both the land at Newark Tract and Horseneck Tract were sold to English-speaking settlers by the Hackenack.
Lenape/Delaware Indians.
In 1600 the Lenape population may have numbered as many as 20,000. The English colonists later referred to them as the Delaware Indians, after the major river in their territory, which the English named the Delaware. Several wars, at least 14 separate epidemics of new infectious diseases (yellow fever, smallpox, influenza, encephalitis lethargica, etc...), and disastrous over-harvesting of the animal populations reduced the Lenape population to around 4,000 total by 1700. The Lenape people, like all Native Americans, had no immunity to Eurasian diseases, which had been endemic in European cities for centuries after arriving from Asia. They suffered high rates of fatalities from the diseases. Some Lenape starved to death as a result of the over harvesting of game. Others were forced to trade their land for goods such as clothing and food, but they had different conceptions of property use and did not have the same sense of ownership. 
As the Lenni Lenape population declined, and the European population increased, the history of the area was increasingly defined by the new European inhabitants. The Lenape Indian tribes played an increasingly secondary role. After the early period, the Hackensack were no longer mentioned in colonial documents. They may have mostly died, removed themselves, integrated into European settler society, or became tributary to other groups, such as the Ramapo, who occupied areas of the northeastern mountains of Bergen and Passaic counties, and Munsee. 
By the mid-18th century the English colonists referred to the Lenape people generally as the Delaware, in recognition of their major territory along that river and around the bay it feeds, both of which they named for Thomas West, 3rd Baron De La Warr and governor of the Jamestown Colony. Some Lenape had migrated west out of the area of English colonization. In the eighteenth century, the Lenape were signatories to the Walking Purchase agreement in Pennsylvania, and Treaty of Easton. The British were trying to gain control of lands they had "acquired" from the French after the French and Indian War (1754-1763), and the Native Americans were trying to prevent further European encroachment into their territory. Today Lenape groups are dispersed around the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19379732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379732" title="HD 135530">
HD 135530

HD 135530 is a variable star in the constellation Boötes.

</doc>
<doc id="19379734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379734" title="Axel Wegner">
Axel Wegner

Axel Wegner (born 3 June 1963 in Demmin, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a German sports shooter and Olympic Champion. He won Gold medal in "skeet shooting" at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="19379767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379767" title="327th Air Division">
327th Air Division

The 327th Airlift Division (327th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force air division. It was assigned to Pacific Air Forces' Thirteenth Air Force throughout its existence. It was last stationed at Taipei Air Station (Taipei AS) in Gongguan, Taipei, Taiwan. It was inactivated on 7 January 1976.
History.
The division was established as the 327th Air Division on 22 June 1957, and activated on 1 July 1957 at Andersen AFB, Guam. It then assumed responsibility for the defense of the Mariana Islands against air attack. To accomplish this mission, the division controlled the 832d Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, and the 41st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (flying F-86 Sabres). In addition to Air Force training, these units also trained with naval organizations and participated in military exercises. It was discontinued on 8 March 1960.
On 8 February 1966, the division assumed responsibility for Air Force units in the Taiwan Island area, being stationed at Taipei AS, Taiwan. It was a redesignation of the previous Air Task Force 13 (Provisional). Air Task Force 13 had been active as early as 1955, under the commander of then-Brigadier General Benjamin O. Davis, Jr., who at the time was Vice Commander, Thirteenth Air Force, with additional duty as Commander, Air Task Force 13. In this form it was affiliated with the United States Taiwan Defense Command.
Until January 1976, the revived 327th Air Division provided logistics, administrative, and service support for military and U.S. Government agencies on Taiwan. In addition, it coordinated air defense operations and plans with the Republic of China Air Force to integrate combined forces into the overall Pacific Command. In fulfilling its mission, the 327th participated in numerous military exercises such as Eagle, Lark, and Blue Sky. It was inactivated on 7 January 1976.
Components.
Wings
Squadron

</doc>
<doc id="19379831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379831" title="Kai Starr">
Kai Starr

Kai Starr (real name Kaichi Satake) is an American author. He has written several books and drawn graphic novels in the science fiction and fantasy genres, but currently specializes in westerns. He is also a musician, and has recorded three albums of his original music. Kai Starr was raised in Texas and lives near Dallas.
His latest ongoing "Desperado" series of western novels and short stories have proved popular in internet serialization on his Outlaw Starr Anthology website. The serialized novels also have links to free MP3s of Starr's original music as soundtracks.
Novels.
ShadowFall Universe (science fiction).
"Legends of Maragon" takes place in the same universe as the "ShadowFall" series that stars Genjiro Nakadai, though it predates those stories by five hundred years. The series centers on the royal families of the alien world of Maragon.
ShadowFall series (science fiction).
The "ShadowFall" series follows the life of a young ninjutsu agent, Genjiro Nakadai, through his early years in training to his days as a seasoned—and cynical--assassin. The first book in the series, "Into the Abyss", was also presented in graphic novel format on the Kyoki Press website.
Desperado series (western).
The "Desperado" series is set in the American Old West, from the late 1860s to the mid-1870s. It follows the life and adventures of young outlaw, Joshua Love. Though not written first, "Rustler's Roundup" is the first book in the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19379847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379847" title="All U Need Is Mosh">
All U Need Is Mosh

All U Need Is Mosh is an album released by Plastilina Mosh on August 5, 2008.
Release and reception.
The reviews of the album were generally positive, including a four star rating by Tijana Ilich from About.com, who liked the fusion of different styles including rap, pop, punk, dance and metal.
The song "Let U Know" is featured in "FIFA 09" as part of the soundtrack.
The "San Diego Reader" wrote that "San Diego Chargers" would not supplant "San Diego Super Chargers" as the top song among fans of the National Football League's San Diego Chargers team. The Tucson Weekly praised the song's "spine-tingling, halftime march". Metromix called it "of the most charming songs on the album ... a marching, drum-heavy groove." Composer Alejandro Rosso said he was not a Chargers fan but "think[s that they have a cool team"; he did not want to name the song after the Dallas Cowboys.

</doc>
<doc id="19379855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379855" title="326th Air Division">
326th Air Division

The 326th Airlift Division (326th AD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Pacific Air Forces, being stationed at Wheeler AFB, Hawaii. It was inactivated on 15 February 1989.
History.
Components.
Squadrons
Flights
Operational history.
The division maintained responsibility for the air defense of the Pacific Islands Air Defense Region (PIADR) July 1957 – February 1989.
Working in conjunction with the Hawaii Air National Guard, it conducted and participated in numerous tactical air operations and training exercises such as Commando Cage, Commando Echo, and Commando Elite.

</doc>
<doc id="19379911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379911" title="Taubateia paraiba">
Taubateia paraiba

Taubateia paraiba was a species of catfish from the family Loricariidae. It was found in the Tremembé Formation sediments of the Taubaté River Basin in eastern São Paulo State, Brazil. The genus name "Taubateia" comes from the name Taubate, in reference to the basin where the fossil comes from. The species name "paraiba" comes from the name of the river Paraíba do Sul.
It is unclear to which subfamily "T. paraiba" belongs.

</doc>
<doc id="19379912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379912" title="Visual Editors">
Visual Editors

Visual Editors, a 501(c)(3) non-profit charity organized for educational purposes, is a U.S. public charity that promotes journalism education via online forums, peer-to-peer sharing resources and offline training events held at universities and working newsrooms.
The 501(c)(3) non-profit was incorporated in 2004 by Chicago journalist Robb Montgomery and is registered in the State of Illinois. 
The group operates online forums, blogs and portfolio galleries as a virtual peer to-peer classroom. The group who use the charity's resources to study the latest visual journalism, information graphics and newspaper design techniques.
The not-for-profit also offers several blogs from established visual journalists like Charles Apple (U.S.A.), Alan Formby-Jackson (U.K.), TK Sajeev (India), Alejandro Banuet (Mexico) as well as many interactive teaching tools to help high school and college students and teachers study and share state-of-the-art journalism techniques. The site recently migrated from a PHP forums style exchange to the NING platform.
Membership.
The charity servers more than 1,400 registered members worldwide and these scholars and journalists World Editors Forum (Paris) frequently post and critique each other's portfolio of page design, information graphics and news illustrations. All of the content is user-generated and the effect of social learning networks was the subject of a 50-page Master's Thesis by journalism student Amanda Miller - "Online Communities’ Impact on the Profession of Newspaper Design, Master's Thesis, West Virginia University"
Impact.
Members of Visual Editors have written in forums hosted by the Poynter Institute that the networking impact and learning opportunities of the charity's Web site's have had far-reaching effects for many student and professional journalists.
Focus of scholarly research.
Ms. Miller's abstract explores the role of social networks in expanding learning opportunities for visual journalism working in newsrooms around the world.
Abstract
The importance of the Internet to visual journalists is increasing with every technological progression. Recently online communities have formed, creating a commonplace for creative professionals to meet and share visual work. This study focuses on the possible impact of these emerging online communities on the newspaper design profession. Interviews of newspaper designers who participate in online communities specifically focused on the profession unveiled current and important transformations occurring within the newspaper design profession. Additionally, this study expands on both offline and online community theory, giving qualitative insight into future studies which may focus on the Internet’s effects on various professions.
501(c)(3) Non-profit status.
In 2004, Visual Editors was granted official IRS recognition of its tax exempt status under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. The group's federal ID number is 34-2015808.

</doc>
<doc id="19379918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379918" title="Discoid meniscus">
Discoid meniscus

Discoid meniscus is a rare human anatomic variant that usually affects the lateral meniscus of the knee. Usually a person with this anomaly has no complaints, however, it may present as pain, swelling, or a snapping sound heard from the affected knee. Strong suggestive findings on magnetic resonance imaging includes a thickened meniscal body seen on more than two contiguous slices.
Description.
The Watanabe classification of discoid lateral meniscus is: (A) Incomplete, (B) Complete, and C) Wrisberg-ligament variant Normally, the meniscus is a thin crescent-shaped piece of cartilage that lies between the weight bearing joint surfaces of the femur and the tibia. It is attached to the lining of the knee joint along its periphery and serves to absorb about a third of the impact load that the joint cartilage surface sees and also provides some degree of stabilization for the knee. There are two menisci in the knee joint, the outside one being the lateral meniscus the inner one the medial meniscus. A discoid meniscus is a congenital anomaly of the knee found in 3% of the population. It typically affects the lateral meniscus and may be found bilaterally (20%). Instead of the narrow crescent shape, as seen in a normal meniscus above, a discoid meniscus is thickened, and has a fuller crescent shape. In addition, a discoid meniscus does not taper as much towards the center of the joint and is shaped like a disc. The thickness of the meniscus, its diminished vascular blood supply, and in some instances, weak capsular attachment, makes it more prone to tears compared to a normal meniscus. The anomaly in itself is asymptomatic, however, a tear of the meniscus can result in pain, swelling, and snapping of the affected knee. The orthopedic classification of discoid menisci includes: complete, incomplete or Wrisberg-ligament types as depicted here. Coverage of the lateral tibial plateau determines the designation of complete or incomplete. The Wrisberg-ligament type has an abnormal posterior attachment by attaching to part of the posterior cruciate ligament.
Diagnosis.
The transverse diameter of a normal meniscus is approximately 10 to 11 mm; therefore a normal meniscus body will be visible on only 2 slices of a MR with 4-5-mm sagittal slices. A discoid meniscus should be considered if more than two contiguous body segments are present. However, this method may lead to a false negative when evaluating people with the Wrisberg variant of discoid meniscus since it maintains a narrow crescent shape. Coronal and radial images of the meniscus are useful to demonstrate the extension of the aberrant meniscus into the joint as seen here. On coronal images, it is diagnosed when the horizontal measurement between the free margin and the periphery of the body is more than 1.4 cm. Rarely, X-ray may show lateral joint space widening, squaring of the lateral condyle, cupping of the lateral tibial plateau and hypoplasia of the lateral tibial spine that suggest discoid meniscus.
Treatment/Management.
In a patient complaining of acute onset knee pain, an X-ray study would be done to rule out any bony pathology such as a fracture. Since it is difficult to diagnose meniscal anomalies with X-ray, an MRI would be necessary to visualize the discoid meniscus. If the patient is asymptomatic and does not complain of significant locking sensation in the knee or pain, treatment is conservative and consists of stretching and strengthening exercises for the quadriceps and hamstring muscles. “In cases where there is significant disability, surgical excision may be needed. When the discoid meniscus is severely damaged, total excision of the meniscus may be necessary. In most cases where the meniscus is still generally intact, a partial excision to preserve the cushioning function may be sufficient.”

</doc>
<doc id="19379937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379937" title="Hyper-IgM syndrome type 3">
Hyper-IgM syndrome type 3

Hyper-IgM syndrome type 3 is a form of Hyper IgM syndrome characterized by mutations of the "CD40" gene. In this type, B cells cannot receive the signal from T cells to switch classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19379945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379945" title="Hyper-IgM syndrome type 4">
Hyper-IgM syndrome type 4

Hyper-IgM syndrome type 4 is a form of Hyper IgM syndrome which is a defect in class switch recombination downstream of the AICDA gene that does not impair somatic hypermutation.

</doc>
<doc id="19379948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379948" title="Berwick High School">
Berwick High School

Berwick High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19379962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19379962" title="Rudy Macklin">
Rudy Macklin

Durand "Rudy" Macklin (born February 9, 1958) is an American former professional basketball player.
A 6'7" forward from Louisville, Kentucky, Macklin played at Louisiana State University from 1976 to 1981. In his very first game for LSU, he grabbed 32 rebounds against Tulane University. He missed most of the 1978-79 season because of a knee injury, but recovered, and was named an NCAA First Team All-American in 1980 and 1981. As a senior, he was named the Southeastern Conference Player of the Year and led LSU to the NCAA Final Four. He graduated as LSU's all-time leading rebounder (1,276) and second-all-time leading scorer (2,080).
In 1981, Macklin was selected by the Atlanta Hawks with the 52nd overall pick of the NBA Draft. He played two seasons with the Hawks, averaging 6.5 points per game and 3.0 rebounds per game. He was then was traded to the New York Knicks for Sly Williams, but was cut by the Knicks after just eight games because chronic muscle cramping was hindering his play. Macklin tried to revive his basketball career with stints in the Continental Basketball Association and in the Philippines, but continued to be dogged by muscle cramping, and decided to retire from the sport to become a banker in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. 
Macklin has recently been involved with the Louisiana Governor's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports. 
On February 6, 2010, at halftime of the LSU vs. Kentucky basketball game, Macklin became the fourth LSU men's basketball player to have his jersey retired by the school. His number 40 jersey now hangs in the rafters of the Pete Maravich Assembly Center along with Pete Maravich's number 23, Shaquille O'Neal's number 33, and Bob Pettit's number 50.

</doc>
<doc id="19380013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380013" title="Iraqi International Law Group">
Iraqi International Law Group

Iraqi International Law Group (IILG) was created in 2003 by Salem Chalabi and Marc Zell as "the first international law firm" based in Iraq. 
The firm received widely publicized criticism when it was revealed that Chalabi, nephew of Ahmed Chalabi, a highly controversial expatriate Iraqi intimately involved in the US instigated war ousting Saddam Hussein, was its creator, along with Zell, a U.S.-born Israeli citizen. 
The firm's website was initially registered in the name of Marc Zell, whose address given was that of the Washington office of Zell, Goldberg &Co, which claims to be "one of Israel's fastest-growing business-oriented law firms".
Zell had previously been a law partner with Douglas Feith who was given a Pentagon post as undersecretary of defence for policy. 
Zell was to help lead clients interested in reconstruction to the firm, which would in turn help them meet U.S. and Iraqi officials". 
In interviews, Sam Chalabi spoke of his daily contacts with his uncle Chalabi, and the fact that one of his 26 first cousins was the Iraqi minister of trade." At the time, Salem Chalabi also played an important role in the new government: as an advisor on the writing of commercial laws and a national constitution, among other issues. At the time, Sam Chalabi was reported to be on two committees which advised the new Iraqi government on finance, trade and investment.
After "an outpouring of publicity", Sam Chalabi disbanded the partnership, saying, “I have to be more careful about the appearance of a conflict of interest.”". 
The website address listed for the firm in articles of the time (www.iraqlawfirm.com) currently is occupied by Iraqi International Law Firm Gulf International Legal Strategies, S.A., a law firm which does not list its lawyers or other professionals and states on the website "Difficult as this is to maintain under the current circumstances, we take extraordinary steps to remain anonymous to the public and low key."(http://www.iraqlawfirm.com/about_firm.html, access date of 2008-09-18). The website further states, "it is not our policy to comment in reply to general inquiries or press inquiries" (http://www.iraqlawfirm.com/contact.php, access date of 2008-09-18).
The mirror image of content on www.iraqlawfirm.com is contained in http://www.gulflegalstrategies.com/, access date of 2008-09-18.
It is thus not publicly established what role, if any, Chalabi and Zell play in any International Law Firm in Iraq at present. 
The original IILG website was reported to have stated, "Our clients number among the largest corporations and institutions on the planet. They have chosen IILG to provide them with real-time, on the ground intelligence they cannot get from inexperienced local firms or from overburdened coalition and local government officials," as well as "The simple fact is: you cannot adequately advise about Iraq unless you are...working closely with officials at the CPA Provisional Authority, the newly constituted governing council and the few functioning civilian ministries labour and social welfare, etc." 
As of September 28, 2008, both www.iraqlawfirm.com and www.gulflegalstrategies.com have been removed from the web, showing only the words "this account has been suspended," in each case.

</doc>
<doc id="19380044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380044" title="The New Year (album)">
The New Year (album)

The New Year is the third studio album by The New Year, released on September 9, 2008.
Track listing.
All songs written by Kadane Brothers

</doc>
<doc id="19380062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380062" title="6th Aviation Regiment (Australia)">
6th Aviation Regiment (Australia)

The 6th Aviation Regiment is one of the Australian Army's three Army Aviation regiments. The Regiment was formed in 2008 to command the Army's special forces helicopter squadron and its surveillance aircraft squadron. The 6th Aviation Regiment forms part of the 16th Aviation Brigade and is headquartered at Holsworthy Barracks, Sydney, New South Wales. 
In 2009 the Australian Army transferred all fixed wing surveillance aircraft to the Royal Australian Air Force. 173 Surveillance Squadron subsequently re-equipped with the Kiowa Light Utility Helicopter and re-roled as an Advanced Training Squadron for future ARH Tiger and MRH-90 pilots.
In 2012 the regiment comprised: 
Notable operations include:

</doc>
<doc id="19380088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380088" title="Azeda Booth">
Azeda Booth

Azeda Booth was a Canadian experimental-pop band formed in Calgary in 2004, influenced by glitch, IDM, and experimental music.
Music and history.
Self-described as "Cherry-Pop", Azeda Booth's music pulled from many genres.
Founding members Morgan Greenwood and Jordon Hossack started Azeda Booth in 2004, after meeting on their last day of High School and getting taco salad at Wendy's. The day after, they traded demo tapes and decided to start a band... the rest is history. During the summer of 2006, Myke Atkinson, Chris Reimer, Marc Rimmer and Mike Wallace joined the band. While band members each have their own musical strengths, they interchanged roles and instruments both in the studio and for live performances. Distinct characteristics of their music include Hossack's childlike falsetto vocals, and Greenwood's glitchy IDM drum programming.
Their first release "Mysterious Body" (2006) was recorded almost two years prior by Greenwood and Hossack. "In Flesh Tones" (2008) is a more combined effort of the full band, although Myke Atkinson parted from the band shortly prior to its release. 
"In Flesh Tones", the band's debut full-length, was released on July 22, 2008 on Absolutely Kosher to critical acclaim, including a 7.9/10 from indie-music institution Pitchfork, stating the album was "one of 2008's most unique and immediately pleasurable albums", as well as "at a time when many popular bands' touchstones can be divided without remainders into Blogger tags, there simply isn't anyone doing exactly what these guys are doing right now." The album also made several "Best of 2008" lists on larger, as well as smaller/personal, music blogs and publications.
At the end of summer 2008, Chris Reimer and Mike Wallace left the band due to commitments in indie-rock group, Women. Shortly after the 3-piece released and toured North America on "Tubtrek", an 8-song EP for free digital-download. In Spring 2010, Marc Rimmer left the band after moving cities, returning Azeda Booth to its original 2-piece configuration consisting of Jordon Hossack and Morgan Greenwood. 
Morgan Greenwood relocated to Vancouver in summer 2011, putting the band on indefinite hiatus and leaving the future of the band in question. On February 21, 2012, former member Christopher Reimer died suddenly in his sleep.
Discography.
Albums:

</doc>
<doc id="19380102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380102" title="Federal Reserve responses to the subprime crisis">
Federal Reserve responses to the subprime crisis

The U.S. central banking system, the Federal Reserve, in partnership with central banks around the world, took several steps to address the subprime mortgage crisis. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke stated in early 2008: "Broadly, the Federal Reserve’s response has followed two tracks: efforts to support market liquidity and functioning and the pursuit of our macroeconomic objectives through monetary policy. A 2011 study by the Government Accountability Office found that "on numerous occasions in 2008 and 2009, the Federal Reserve Board invoked emergency authority under the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 to authorize new broad-based programs and financial assistance to individual institutions to stabilize financial markets. Loans outstanding for the emergency programs peaked at more than $1 trillion in late 2008." 
Signaling.
In August 2007,Committee announced that "downside risks to growth have increased appreciably," a signal that interest rate cuts might be forthcoming. Between 18 September 2007 and 30 April 2008, the target for the Federal funds rate was lowered from 5.25% to 2% and the discount rate was lowered from 5.75% to 2.25%, through six separate actions.
The discount rate is the interest rate charged to commercial banks and other depository institutions on loans they receive from their regional Federal Reserve Bank's lending facility via the Discount window.
Expansion of Fed Balance Sheet ("Credit easing").
The Fed can electronically create money and use it to lend against collateral of various types, such as agency mortgage-backed securities or asset-backed commercial paper. This is effectively "printing money" and increases the money supply, which under normal economic conditions creates inflationary pressure. Ben Bernanke called this approach "credit easing", possibly to distinguish it from the widely used expression Quantitative easing, which however originally also referred to the expansion of "credit creation" (reference: Richard Werner, Keizai Kyoshitsu: Keiki kaifuku, Ryoteiki kinyu kanwa kara, Nikkei, Nihon Keizai Shinbun, 2 September 1995) . In a March 2009 interview, he stated that the expansion of the Fed balance sheet was necessary "...because our economy is very weak and inflation is very low. When the economy begins to recover, that will be the time that we need to unwind those programs, raise interest rates, reduce the money supply, and make sure that we have a recovery that does not involve inflation."
Both the actual and authorized size of the Fed balance sheet (i.e., the amount it is allowed to borrow from the Treasury to lend) was increased significantly during the crisis. The money created was funneled through certain financial institutions, which use it to lend to corporations issuing the financial instruments that serve as collateral. The type or scope of assets eligible to be collateral for such loans has expanded throughout the crisis.
In March 2009, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) decided to increase the size of the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet further by purchasing up to an additional $750 billion of government-sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities, bringing its total purchases of these securities to up to $1.25 trillion during 2009, and to increase its purchases of agency debt this year by up to $100 billion to a total of up to $200 billion. Moreover, to help improve conditions in private credit markets, the Committee decided to purchase up to $300 billion of longer-term Treasury securities during 2009.
Mortgage lending rules.
In July 2008, the Fed finalized new rules that apply to mortgage lenders. Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke stated that the rules "prohibit lenders from making higher-priced loans without due regard for consumers' ability to make the scheduled payments and require lenders to verify the income and assets on which they rely when making the credit decision. Also, for higher-priced loans, lenders now will be required to establish escrow accounts so that property taxes and insurance costs will be included in consumers' regular monthly payments...Other measures address the coercion of appraisers, servicer practices, and other issues. We believe the new rules will help to restore confidence in the mortgage market."
Open market operations.
Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBS) Purchase Program.
The Fed and other central banks have conducted open market operations to ensure member banks have access to funds (i.e., liquidity). These are effectively short-term loans to member banks collateralized by government securities. Central banks have also lowered the interest rates charged to member banks (called the discount rate in the U.S.) for short-term loans. Both measures effectively lubricate the financial system, in two key ways. First, they help provide access to funds for those entities with illiquid mortgage-backed securities. This helps these entities avoid selling the MBS at a steep loss. Second, the available funds stimulate the commercial paper market and general economic activity. Specific responses by central banks are included in the subprime crisis impact timeline.
In November 2008, the Fed announced a $600 billion program to purchase the MBS of the GSE, to help lower mortgage rates.
Broad-based programs.
Term Auction Facility (TAF).
The Fed is using the Term Auction Facility to provide short-term loans (liquidity) to banks. The Fed increased the monthly amount of these auctions to $100 billion during March 2008, up from $60 billion in prior months. In addition, term repurchase agreements expected to cumulate to $100 billion were announced, which enhance the ability of financial institutions to sell mortgage-backed and other debt. The Fed indicated that both the TAF and repurchase agreement amounts will continue and be increased as necessary. During March 2008, the Fed also expanded the types of institutions to which it lends money and the types of collateral it accepts for loans.
Dollar Swap Lines.
Dollar Swap Lines exchanged dollars with foreign central banks for foreign currency to help address disruptions in dollar funding markets abroad.
Term Securities Lending Facility (TSLF).
The Term Securities Lending Facility auctioned loans of U.S. Treasury securities to primary dealers against eligible collateral.
Primary Dealer Credit Facility (PDCF).
Concurrent to the collapse of Bear Stearns, the Fed announced the creation of a new lending facility, the Primary Dealer Credit Facility. The PDCF provided overnight cash loans to primary dealers against eligible collateral.
Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility (AMLF or ABCP MMMF).
The Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility provided loans to depository institutions and their affiliates to finance purchases of eligible asset-backed commercial paper from money market mutual funds.
Commercial Paper Funding Facility (CPFF).
On October 7, 2008 the Federal Reserve further expanded the collateral it will loan against, to include commercial paper. The action made the Fed a crucial source of credit for non-financial businesses in addition to commercial banks and investment firms. Fed officials said they'll buy as much of the debt as necessary to get the market functioning again. They refused to say how much that might be, but they noted that around $1.3 trillion worth of commercial paper would qualify. There was $1.61 trillion in outstanding commercial paper, seasonally adjusted, on the market as of October 1, 2008, according to the most recent data from the Fed. That was down from $1.70 trillion in the previous week. Since the summer of 2007, the market has shrunk from more than $2.2 trillion.
The Commercial Paper Funding Facility provided loans to a special purpose vehicle to finance purchases of new issues of asset-backed commercial paper and unsecured commercial paper from eligible issuers.
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility (TALF).
The Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility provided loans to eligible investors to finance purchases of eligible asset-backed securities.
In November 2008, the Fed announced the $200 billion TALF. This program supported the issuance of asset-backed securities (ABS) collateralized by loans related to autos, credit cards, education, and small businesses. This step was taken to offset liquidity concerns.
In March 2009, the Fed announced that it was expanding the scope of the TALF program to allow loans against additional types of collateral.
Assistance to Individual Institutions.
Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. acquisition by JP Morgan Chase & Co. (JPMC).
In March 2008, the Fed provided funds and guarantees to enable bank J.P. Morgan Chase to purchase Bear Stearns, a large financial institution with substantial mortgage-backed securities (MBS) investments that had recently plunged in value. This action was taken in part to avoid a potential fire sale of nearly U.S. $210 billion of Bear Stearns' MBS and other assets, which could have caused further devaluation in similar securities across the banking system. In addition, Bear had taken on a significant role in the financial system via credit derivatives, essentially insuring against (or speculating regarding) mortgage and other debt defaults. The risk to its ability to perform its role as a counterparty in these derivative arrangements was another major threat to the banking system.
Programs included a Bridge Loan, an overnight loan provided to JPMC subsidiary, with which this subsidiary made a direct loan to Bear Stearns Companies, Inc, and Maiden Lane (I), a special purpose vehicle created to purchase approximately $30 billion of Bear Stearns’s mortgage-related assets.
AIG Assistance.
The Federal Reserve created five programs to give assistance to AIG:
Loans to affiliates of some primary dealers.
The Federal Reserve provided loans to broker-dealer affiliates of four primary dealers on terms similar to those for PDCF.
Citigroup Inc. lending commitment.
The Citigroup Inc. lending commitment was a commitment to provide non-recourse loan to Citigroup against ringfence assets if losses on asset pool reached $56.2 billion.
Bank of America Corporation lending commitment.
The Bank of America Corporation lending commitment was a commitment to provide non-recourse loan facility to Bank of America if losses on ring fence assets exceeded $18 billion
(agreement never finalized).

</doc>
<doc id="19380175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380175" title="Ghede Linto">
Ghede Linto

Ghede Linto is a Lwa that performs miracles, although many think he's a small boy because of his politeness. Linto is an old about 5 feet tall, dark skinned man with a cane, glasses and an old fashioned black hat. He's very well mannered and docile. He loves to teach his worshipers to sing and enjoys leaving them gifts he made out of rum, Florida Water, a cigarette and fire. He would cut a piece of thread for each of his servants or children from his house; drop them in his special mix and needles will come out of it for everyone; other times like gold rings or gold chains will be given too. Linto does these miracles to ensure his children they are in good hands and he also loves to make knots out of their scarves just to surprise them with gifts. Linto's work is very proficient, direct and accurate, he can smell trouble 6 months away and assist you to either prepare for it or teaches you ways to prevent it.

</doc>
<doc id="19380192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380192" title="Germán Cano">
Germán Cano

Germán Ezequiel Cano (born 2 February 1988) is an Argentine football striker who plays for Independiente Medellín of the Colombian First Division.
Career.
Cano made his league debut in a 1-0 defeat by Club Atlético Huracán on February 17, 2008. He went on to score 2 goals in 11 appearances during the Clausura 2008 tournament.
In 2009, Cano was loaned to newly promoted side Chacarita Juniors. He suffered relegation with the team, and after one semester back at Lanús, he was loaned out again to Colón

</doc>
<doc id="19380196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380196" title="Ghede Loraj">
Ghede Loraj

Ghede Loraj is spirit or Lwa in the Haitian Vodou religion. This spirit usually only manifests during storms.

</doc>
<doc id="19380214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380214" title="Pinniwallago kanpurensis">
Pinniwallago kanpurensis

Pinniwallago kanpurensis is the only species in the genus Pinniwallago of the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Siluridae. This species is known only from Uttar Pradesh, India. It reaches a length of about 50 centimetres (20 in).

</doc>
<doc id="19380215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380215" title="Battle of Thuận An">
Battle of Thuận An

The Battle of Thuan An (20 August 1883) was a clash between the French and the Vietnamese during the period of early hostilities of the Tonkin Campaign (1883 to 1886). During the battle a French landing force under the command of Admiral Amédée Courbet stormed the coastal forts that guarded the river approaches to the Vietnamese capital Huế, enabling the French to dictate a treaty to the Vietnamese that recognised a French protectorate over Tonkin. The French strike against the Vietnamese in August 1883, sanctioned by Jules Ferry's administration in Paris, did more than anything else to make a war between France and China inevitable, and sowed the seeds of the Vietnamese Can Vuong national uprising in July 1885.
Background.
On 30 July 1883, Admiral Courbet, General Bouët and Jules Harmand, the French civil commissioner-general for Tonkin, held a council of war at Haiphong. The meeting noted that the Court of Huế was covertly aiding and abetting Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army, and that the Vietnamese commander-in-chief Prince Hoang Ke Viem was openly in arms against the French at Nam Định. The three men agreed that Bouët should launch an offensive against the Black Flag Army in its positions around Phu Hoai on the Day River as soon as possible. They also decided, largely on Harmand's urging, to recommend to the French government a strike against the Vietnamese defences of Huế, followed by an ultimatum requiring the Vietnamese to accept a French protectorate over Tonkin or face immediate attack. Jules Ferry's government was initially reluctant to sanction an attack on Huế, fearing that it might provoke a response from China, but the French minister to China, Arthur Tricou, convinced the French government that China would acquiesce in a French 'act of virility'.
On 11 August the navy minister Charles Brun approved Harmand and Courbet's proposal for a naval descent on Huế to coerce the Vietnamese court. The aim of the expedition was to put a landing force ashore to capture the Thuan An forts, which guarded the entrance to the River of Perfumes, after a preliminary bombardment by the warships of Courbet's Tonkin Coasts naval division. As the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps would be fully committed to Bouët's projected attack on the Black Flag Army, it was agreed that the landing near Huế would be made by troops from the French garrisons in Cochinchina.
On 16 August Courbet left Along Bay aboard his flagship "Bayard", and on 16 August anchored at the entrance to the Perfume River and scouted the Thuan An fortifications. Meanwhile a strong flotilla of the Tonkin Coasts naval division had concentrated in Tourane Bay. Courbet's naval force for the descent on Huế consisted of the ironclads "Bayard" and "Atalante", the cruiser "Châteaurenault", the gunboats "Lynx" and "Vipère" and the transport "Drac". This force was joined by the troopship "Annamite", which sailed up from Saigon with a landing force of 600 marine infantry and 100 Cochinchinese riflemen and a marine artillery battery.
The naval bombardment.
Courbet returned to Tourane Bay with "Bayard" on the evening of 16 August and issued his orders for an attack on the Thuan An forts on 18 August. On 17 August the French rehearsed their plans for the attack. The French naval division left Tourane at 8 a.m. on 18 August, in order of battle with "Bayard" at its head, and anchored off the entrance to the Huế River around 2 p.m. The ships took up positions for the impending attack. "Bayard" took station at the entrance to the river, to be able to fire both upon the southern forts and on the large northern fort, 2,000 metres away. "Châteaurenault" was a little to the east, and was charged with attacking the southern forts only. "Atalante", to the west of "Bayard", was tasked with attacking the large northern fort, and "Drac", anchored on the western flank of the French line, was to take on the small forts at the end of the enemy positions. The gunboats "Lynx" and "Vipère", placed between "Atalante" and "Drac", were to move in close and protect the landing. "Annamite" remained in the rear.
An attempt to negotiate was made by the Vietnamese, and discussions took up much of the afternoon. Courbet finally demanded that the Thuan An forts should be handed over to the French within two hours. This ultimatum was delivered by the Vietnamese envoys to the fort commanders, who declined to reply.
At 5.40 p.m. on 18 August the ships of the naval division hoisted a French flag at each masthead, "Bayard" opened fire, and the entire division immediately followed suit. The light frigate "Alouette" from Cochinchina joined the division shortly before hostilities commenced, and Courbet ascertained that she had no new orders for him before opening fire. The Vietnamese defenders replied, although outgunned, but the French ships were out of range of their antiquated cannon. The bombardment lasted for just over an hour, until it became too dark to fire effectively. The guns stopped firing at 7 p.m., and the French ships turned on their powerful electric searchlights to illuminate the forts, the Thuan An pass and the sea around their anchorage, in case of an enemy night attack.
Orders were given for a landing at dawn on 19 August. The men turned in early, and when the drums beat to quarters at 4 a.m. the officers and sailors of the landing companies prepared to man the boats. But shortly before dawn Courbet changed his mind and cancelled the landing. The sea was very rough, and he may also have considered that the previous day's bombardment had not done enough damage. At dawn the French resumed their bombardment. To their surprise the Vietnamese replied with a well-aimed salvo of shells which whistled overhead and fell in the sea close around the French ships. They had taken advantage of the darkness to bring up rifled guns with a longer range. Although the French naval division was soon able to silence these guns, they scored a number of minor hits. "Vipère" and the ironclad "Bayard" were struck several times during these exchanges of fire, but were not seriously damaged.
The attack on the Thuan An forts.
The sun rose on 20 August on a completely calm sea. At 5.30 a.m. Courbet decided to proceed immediately with the landing. Just over a thousand men (the two marine infantry companies, the Cochinchinese riflemen and the landing companies of "Bayard", "Atalante" and "Châteaurenault") would go ashore under the command of Captain Parrayon of "Bayard" and seize the Northern Fort.
The landing was made in two stages. At 5.45 a.m. an advance guard under Parrayon's personal command, consisting of the three ships’ landing companies and two sections of marine infantry, climbed into the launches and made slowly for the shore. Half an hour later this detachment struggled ashore in the sand dunes in front of the Vietnamese defences. The Vietnamese, snug in their trenches overlooking the beach, began to hurl firecrackers at the attackers. "Lynx" and "Vipère", anchored just offshore, responded with cannon and rifle fire, while the crews of the French launches fired their Hotchkiss "canons-revolvers". Under this covering fire, the landing companies were able to move slowly forward from the beach.
A spearhead led by "enseigne de vaisseau" Olivieri crossed the beach defences and fought a brief action with a party of Vietnamese who left their entrenchments to confront the invaders. The Vietnamese were quickly routed. At the same time the landing company of "Atalante" came up in support, under the command of "lieutenant de vaisseau" Poidloue, and captured a battery of cannon commanding a stretch of the river. This feat enabled Parrayon to attack the village and the Northern Fort, which he carried without firing a shot. Meanwhile the French had, with some difficulty, landed the 65-millimetre guns of Luce's battery on the dunes, and these also supported the French attack. The Vietnamese gradually gave way and eventually retreated, burning the village as they went. The ships of the naval division continued to fire throughout the action, laying down a barrage ahead of the landing force that paved the way for its advance.
At 8 a.m. Captain Sorin landed with the bulk of the marine infantry and linked up with the first detachment in front of the principal fort. After about an hour's fighting Captain Parrayon, Ensign Olivieri and "lieutenant de vaisseau" Palma Gourdon (who would later win fame in the Battle of Shipu) were among the first French soldiers to enter the fort. Shortly after 9 a.m. the French flag was hoisted on the citadel's flagpole, to the cheers of all the men of the naval division.
During the morning battle the French had captured the Northern Fort. But the Southern Fort still remained in Vietnamese hands. In the afternoon, in order to prepare the way for an attack on the Southern Fort, the gunboats "Lynx" and "Vipère" boldly crossed the river barrage. The fort's guns engaged them gamely, and the two gunboats fired back. Out at sea, "Bayard" and "Châteaurenault" added the weight of their own fire to the contest. The French had the better of this artillery duel. The fire from the fort slackened. On the morning of 21 August the division's launches landed a strong French column on the beach opposite the Southern Fort, ready to attack it if necessary. But there was no need. The fort and the neighbouring villages were completely empty. The Annamese had evacuated their last defences, and there was now nothing to stop the French from sailing up the River of Perfumes to Huế.
Vietnamese losses during the bombardment and subsequent landing had been heavy, perhaps 2,500 men killed or wounded. French casualties, by contrast had been derisory, only a dozen men wounded. On the following day Courbet congratulated his troops on their success, singling out the officers and crew of "Lynx" and "Vipère" for special commendation.
The Treaty of Huế.
The French capture of the Thuan An forts, which exposed Huế to immediate attack, overawed the Vietnamese court. An armistice was quickly agreed with the French. Harmand threatened the Vietnamese with annihilation unless they immediately accepted a French protectorate over both Annam and Tonkin. On 25 August 1883, cowed by the French appeal to force, the Vietnamese signed the Treaty of Huế.
The Treaty of Huế (1883) gave France everything it wanted from Vietnam. The Vietnamese recognised the legitimacy of the French occupation of Cochinchina, accepted a French protectorate both for Annam and Tonkin and promised to withdraw their troops from Tonkin. Vietnam, its royal house and its court survived, but under French direction. France was granted the privilege of stationing a resident-general at Huế, who would work to the civil commissioner-general in Tonkin and could require a personal audience with the Vietnamese king (a concession that the Vietnamese had never before been prepared to make). To ensure there were no second thoughts, a permanent French garrison would occupy the Thuan An forts. Large swathes of territory were also transferred from Annam to Cochinchina and Tonkin. The French cancelled the country's debts, but required in return the cession of the southern province of Bình Thuận, which was annexed to the French colony of Cochinchina. At the same time the northern provinces of Nghệ An, Thanh Hóa and Hà Tĩnh were transferred to Tonkin, where they would come under direct French oversight. In return the French undertook to drive out the Black Flags from Tonkin and to guarantee freedom of commerce on the Red River. These were hardly concessions, since they were planning to do both anyway.
Order of the day.
Courbet issued the following order of the day to his sailors and soldiers to commemorate the victory at Thuan An:
Vous avez vaillamment combattu. Vous avez montré une fois de plus ce que la France peut attendre de votre patriotisme.
Le roi d'Annam a demandé une suspension d'armes, le commissaire général civil est a Hué pour traiter.
En quelques jours, vous avez donné un nouveau prestige au nom français dans l'Extrême-Orient.
Voilà les premiers résultats de vos succès.
La France entière y applaudira!
(You have fought valiantly. You have shown once again what France can expect from your patriotism.
The king of Annam has asked for an armistice, and the civil commissioner-general has gone to Huế to negotiate.
In a few days you have given a new prestige to the name of France in the Far East.
Here are the first fruits of your victories.
All France will applaud them!)
Pierre Loti and the battle of Thuan An.
"Enseigne de vaisseau" Louis-Marie-Julien Viaud (1850–1923), who served in Courbet's Tonkin Coasts naval division aboard the ironclad "Atalante", described his campaigning experiences in a number of popular articles published under the pen name Pierre Loti. He wrote a detailed account of the battle of Thuan An entitled "Trois journées de guerre en Annam", which was published in three parts in Le Figaro on 28 September and 13 and 17 October 1883. Viaud's brutally realistic description of the fighting at Thuan An, his account of French atrocities (the bayoneting of wounded Vietnamese soldiers by French marine infantrymen after the battle) and the obvious pleasure he took in the slaughter of the outclassed Vietnamese, caused great offence in France, and he was recalled by the navy ministry and suspended from duty. 

</doc>
<doc id="19380219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380219" title="The Cherry People">
The Cherry People

The Cherry People were a Psychedelic pop and later hard rock group that formed from remnants of The English Setters. The band is best known for their semi-hit single And Suddenly, which barely missed the top 40 (No. 44), and including guitarist Punky Meadows who would join BUX and Angel in the early to mid 70s after leaving the Cherry People in 1972.
History.
Psychedelic Pop/Bubblegum Years.
During the summer months The English Setters changed its name to the Cherry People and embarked on several trips to play nightclubs in New York City. While working the Café Wha? The band attracted the interest of producer Ron Haffkine, which led to a new five-year management contract with Jerry Ross Productions and a seemingly lucrative deal with Heritage Records. The Cherry People were the inaugural group to go out on the MGM-distributed label.The group were introduced Nationally by Jerry Ross with Dick Clark on American Bandstand where they debut their new single " And Suddenly "
The band spent the entire fall of 1967 shaping their debut album at Bell Sound Studio in New York City. Ron Haffkine brought in Barry Oslander to co-produce and automatically a host of studio musicians were dispatched to replace the band members when the tape started rolling. When the eponymous album was released in May 1968, its bubblegum pop sound failed to represent what the Cherry People were really all about. The band toured the country in support of the album and even worked the Whisky a Go Go on the Sunset Strip during a West Coast jaunt.
The Hard Rock Years.
In the spring of 1969 the Cherry People returned home to Washington, D.C., turned up the volume on their hard rock sound, and perfected their repertoire of original songs. They staked a spot as house band at the popular Silver Dollar throughout the remainder of 1969 and 1970 and tirelessly worked six and sometimes seven nights a week at the rockin’ Georgetown nightclub. The band filled in gaps in their schedule with one-nighters around the metropolitan area at places like the Greenbelt Armory, the Bladensburg Firehouse, St. Mary’s Church in Landover Hills, St. Ambrose Church in Cheverly, and the Wedge (a teen club that operated from the Bethesda Youth Center in Montgomery County, Maryland). On Sunday, October 19, 1969 the Cherry People headlined “The Intercollegiate Music Festival” at the Sylvan Theatre on the Mall in Washington, D.C. before a crowd of over 10,000. Other performers at the festival included Love Cry Want, Claude Jones, and Jabberwok. The band also headlined concerts at the Falls Church Community Center in Virginia on Saturday, March 7, 1970 and the University of Maryland’s Ritchie Coliseum on Thursday, April 30, 1970. The Cherry People continued working the Silver Dollar in 1970 and moved on to a long engagement at the Keg that lasted throughout all of 1971 and into 1972. Still trapped by the Jerry Gross Productions-Heritage Records contract, the band self-produced a single titled “Sea and Me” backed with “Come on Over” and released it on their own label, Hot Cotton (a division of Tracy Records). By June 1972 the grueling five-year period of constant nightclub work and assorted one-nighters began to take its toll. Rocky Isaac left the band and was replaced by Mike Zack, who in turn was replaced by T.C. Tolliver, a Black drummer from Southeast Washington, D.C. who had previously played with a soul band called J.J. and the Invaders. Lead guitarist Punky Meadows also left and joined BUX. A month later the Cherry People called it quits.
The break in the action didn’t last long. Chris and Doug Grimes began rehearsing musicians at the Keg later that summer and soon lined up a schedule of nightclub dates in Boston, Massachusetts. The new Cherry People lineup now consisted of the Grimes Brothers in their usual roles, a bassist Mark Hughes from Wheaton MD who was born September 13, 1951 and had previously played with Blitz, Liberation, Les Colours, The Daylight Band, Rockinghorse and Link Wray, going on to open the world's largest used music equipment store in Nashville as Mr Mark's Music, drummer T.C. Tolliver, and a guitarist from Camp Springs, Maryland named Chris Noe (who was born December 5, 1951 and had previously played in the Living Ends, Spread Eagle, Devil’s Track, and Black on White).
Things eventually fizzled in Boston and the Cherry People returned to Washington, D.C. to work the Keg in December 1972. At this time guitarist Chris Noe was replaced by Wayne Tomlinson of Landover Hills, Maryland (formerly of the band Green Eggs). Throughout 1973 the band worked the Bayou, the Keg, and the Crazy Horse and former members Pick Kelly, Mike Zack, and Jan Zukowski all passed through.
Late in the year the Grimes Brothers received an offer to work a nightclub called Beginnings in Schaumburg, Illinois. They revamped the Cherry People and the new quintet included three new members: lead guitarist Rick Benick (born January 23, 1952), who hailed from Forest Heights, Maryland and had previously played in Hailstone; bassist Andre Sokol (born January 8, 1954), who lived in Oxon Hill, Maryland and had worked in the bands Hailstone and Earth; and drummer Barry Brandt (born November 14, 1951), who was raised in Wheaton, Maryland and had recently played in Earth, Max and with Mark Hughes, both in The Platters and an unknown rock band with David Namerdy. The band spent all of 1974 going back and forth between Chicago and Washington, D.C.
In early 1975 more changes took place. Former Cherry People guitarist Punky Meadows had spent the previous year in a Boston-based band called BUX. In September 1974 Meadows brought this band down to Washington, D.C. and worked at Bogie’s on Connecticut Avenue NW. In December 1974 BUX changed their name to Foxie, and in April 1975 Meadows turned Foxie into Angel.
Coinciding with the loss of drummer Barry Brandt was the departure of founding member Chris Grimes, who grew tired of the rock and roll nightclub routine. Their replacements were drummer Steve Riley of Revere, Massachusetts and guitarist David Namerdy of Arlington, Virginia. Both had previously played together in the band Max.
For the first six months of 1975, the Cherry People (who during this final period occasionally performed under the name “Pearls”) based out of the Varsity Grill, a legendary Prince George’s County nightclub on Baltimore Avenue in College Park that was in recovery from its roughest early seventies period of outlaw biker infestation, drugs, and rampant violence. At that point in time, the Varsity Grill loved to book bands that cranked out heavy rock and roll. The Cherry People fit the bill and thrived in the dark, cavernous nightclub. The Varsity Grill owners did well, but the band did not. Doug Grimes could see that the end of the Cherry People was close at hand. After dominating the Washington, D.C. rock and roll scene for over eleven years, the Cherry People played their final gig with a three-night stand at the Varsity Grill from Thursday, June 19 to Saturday, June 21, 1975. It was a sad ending for one of Washington, D.C.’s greatest rock and roll bands.
Doug Grimes, a pioneer who steered the band through its voyage, was the only member to survive from the first edition to the final day. As the last Cherry Person, he places the entire experience in perspective: “If anybody was to ask me about the essence of the Cherry People I’d have to look back on it and say the great thing about the original Cherry People was that there was never a night when we hit the stage that we didn’t cook. It was like an unending jam session that you loved being a part of. There were only two versions of the Cherry People I really, really liked and that was the first one with Punky, Jan, me, Chris, and Rocky for the electricity of a live performance, and then right up there as favorites was the version with me, Chris, Rick, Andre, and Barry, for overall quality. Those two are the same to me, for different reasons.”
Cherry People Reunion.
In 2005 Doug and Chris Grimes reformed the Cherry People. Michael Fath joined in as lead guitarist and vocals and Michael Andreski who plays the drums and other percussion instruments. They are now recording their new and second album under the Cherry People name. It is scheduled for release in mid-late 2009. The new album is the vein of hard rock with a light progressive influence, which is what they originally played in the 60s and 70s during their live shows.

</doc>
<doc id="19380222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380222" title="Ghede Nibo">
Ghede Nibo

In Haitian Vodou, Ghede Nibo was a handsome young man who was killed violently. After death, he was adopted as a spirit or Lwa by Baron Samedi and Maman Brigitte and became a leader of the spirits of the dead. He is envisioned as an effeminate, nasal dandy. Nibo wears a black riding coat or drag. When he inhabits humans they are inspired to lascivious sexuality of all kinds.
Function and depiction.
Brav Ghede Nibo is a rada spirit, considered a great healer. He is seen carrying a bottle of white rum infused with medicinal herbs. Often he also carries a staff and smokes a cigar. Nibo is the special patron of those who die young, and as such is often conflated with the Catholic saint Gerard Majella, who is depicted with a skull. He is a psychopomp, an intermediary between the living and the dead. He gives voice to the dead spirits that have not been reclaimed from "below the waters".
Service.
Purple is considered his sacred color, and usual offerings include black goats, black roosters, calabash, cigars, coconut, fried plantains, pistachios, smoked herrings, sweet sesame balls, and white rum spiced with African bird pepper.
Until recently, Haitian farmers would perform a praise song to Ghede Nibo each November. It involved phallic thrusts and other erotic gestures and was named "Massissi", a Haitian term for a homoerotically inclined male.

</doc>
<doc id="19380237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380237" title="Ghede Doubye">
Ghede Doubye

Ghede Doubye is spirit or Lwa in the Haitian Vodou religion. He is said to endow people with the gift of clairvoyance.

</doc>
<doc id="19380265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380265" title="Mid-Autumn Festival (disambiguation)">
Mid-Autumn Festival (disambiguation)

Mid-Autumn Festival is a Chinese harvest festival. Other festivals which may also be known by the same English name are:

</doc>
<doc id="19380274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380274" title="List of gauge conversions">
List of gauge conversions

Track gauge conversions include:
During World War I and World War II, gauge conversion occurred backwards and forwards between Germany and Russia as the fronts and national borders chopped and changed.
Timeline.
2010.
In Western Australia, the iron ore railways serving or to serve Geraldton port, and the new port at Oakajee are narrow gauge, but will be designed for ease of conversion to standard gauge.
2008.
A Russian broad gauge line reaches out into Slovakia to carry minerals without the need for transshipment which would be required if the gauge changed at the border. In 2008, it is proposed to extend this line to Vienna. On 9 April 2010, a four way deal was signed. As a general rule, transshipment is minimised if breaks-of-gauge occur at or near major hubs or major origins and destinations of traffic.
2004.
The Guimarães line in Portugal was electrified and converted from metre gauge to Iberian broad gauge.
By target gauge.
During WWI and WWII, gauge conversion occurred backwards and forwards between Germany and Russia as the fronts and national borders changed.
Variable gauge axles.
Gauge conversion will no doubt be less important with the development of a number of different variable gauge axle systems, also called Automatic Track Gauge Changeover Systems, such as the SUW 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19380288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380288" title="Doctors' Wives (1931 film)">
Doctors' Wives (1931 film)

"Doctors' Wives" is a 1931 romantic drama film made by Fox Film Corporation, directed by Frank Borzage. The film stars Warner Baxter and Joan Bennett. The screenplay was written by Maurine Dallas Watkins, based on a novel by Henry Lieferant and Sylvia Lieferant.

</doc>
<doc id="19380303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380303" title="Couchiching Institute on Public Affairs">
Couchiching Institute on Public Affairs

The Couchiching Institute on Public Affairs (CIPA) is Canada's oldest organization devoted to studying and publicizing current issues affecting Canada and public policy. Founded in 1932, it holds an annual conference every August on the shores of Lake Couchiching and smaller events during the year, in Toronto and other major cities.
Mission.
The mission of the CIPA is "to increase the awareness and understanding of domestic and international issues amongst people in Canada, through open and inclusive discussion, without advocacy or partisanship."
History.
"Over the years, the issues examined at the Couchiching conference have reflected the changing concerns of Canadian society and the world. During the Great Depression, topics focused on social reform, the state of the economy and the growing threat of war in Europe. In the late 1940s and 1950s, participants discussed issues such as rebuilding the post-war world, the Cold War and the challenges of world peace. More recently, conference topics have turned to such issues as technology, the environment, the problem of illiteracy, the economic challenges facing today’s youth and globalization in various contexts."
Over the years CIPA has offered as speakers and attracted as participants current and future leaders in politics, education, science, the arts and the rest of civil society. In the past decade, speakers have included Tariq Ramadan, Will Kymlicka, Haroon Siddiqui, Kevin G. Lynch, Sheela Basrur, John Ralston Saul, Alan Borovoy, Major General Lewis Mackenzie Jennifer Stoddart, Gerri Sinclair, Karen Armstrong, Senator Mobina Jaffer, the Hon. Michael Wilson (politician), the Hon. Bill Graham, the Hon. Lloyd Axworthy, Ambassador Andres Rozental, Anne Golden, Barbara Hall, Roger Obonsawin, Sylvia Ostry, the Hon. Pierre Pettigrew, Moses Znaimer, Sir Michael Marmot, Dr. Fraser Mustard, Sir John Maddox, John Polanyi, Bartha Knoppers and Margaret Somerville. 
Speakers in earlier decades included John Kenneth Galbraith, Henry Kissinger, Marshall McLuhan, Denys Arcand, Pierre-Marc Johnson and Bernard Crick. Former or future Prime Ministers of Canada have featured at the conference too: John Diefenbaker, Lester B. Pearson, Pierre Elliot Trudeau, Joe Clark, Kim Campbell and Paul Martin.
Annual conferences.
The annual conference, which is open to the public, draws about 250 participants from all walks of life and from 18 to past 80 who are interested in the current topic or in public affairs generally. The usual format involves about three days (Thursday evening through Sunday afternoon) of speeches, panels and debates, with ample opportunity for questions from the floor in all cases, together with formal and informal discussion groups. The lakeside setting encourages casual contact and one-on-one conversations among speakers and participants. Most participants, including many speakers, stay on-site for the duration of the conference.
The conference usually draws media coverage, both print and broadcast, including some video on CPAC, the Cable Public Affairs Channel.
Recent conferences have been:
Round-Table meetings.
The Round-Table meetings held from time to time between annual conferences usually occupy an evening session with one or more resource-speakers and about thirty participants. They may deal with aspects of the topic of the forthcoming annual conference or an unrelated matter. In recent years such events have been held in Ottawa, Montreal and Vancouver as well as in Toronto. A list of topics and (since 2009) podcasts of the speakers' portion of the events, but not the discussion, are found at the Couchiching web site.
Organization.
CIPA is a registered charitable organization run by a board of directors and committees of volunteers, supported by Base Consulting and Management Inc. of Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="19380307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380307" title="List of American Civil War battles in Northern Virginia">
List of American Civil War battles in Northern Virginia

With less than 150 miles separating the two capital cities of Washington, D.C. and Richmond, Virginia, Northern Virginia found itself in the center of much of the conflict of the American Civil War. The area was the site of many battles and bloodshed. The Army of Northern Virginia was the primary army for the Confederate States of America in the east. Owing to the regions proximity to Washington D.C and the Potomac River, the armies of both sides frequently occupied and traversed Northern Virginia. As a result, several battles were fought in the area:
Clarke County:
Fairfax County:
Fauquier County:
Frederick County:
Loudoun County:
Prince William County:
Stafford County:
Warren County:

</doc>
<doc id="19380317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380317" title="Luz Solar 2">
Luz Solar 2

Luz Solar 2 is MC Ceja 4th album. It was leaked into the internet on September 2008. It features Guelo Star, Polaco, NOTTY or N.O.T.T.Y. and more. It was released on his own Label Get Low Records

</doc>
<doc id="19380320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380320" title="Huang Minglon">
Huang Minglon

Huang Minglon (Traditional Chinese: 黃鳴龍; Simplified Chinese: 黄鸣龙; aka Huang Minglong, Huang Ming Long) (3 July 1898 - 1 July 1979), was a renowned Chinese organic chemist and pharmaceutical scientist. Huang is considered as a pioneer and founder of modern pharmaceutical industries in China.
Life.
In 1924, Huang obtained PhD from the University of Berlin, Germany.
In 1925, Huang went back to China and became a professor and later department head at Zhejiang Provincial College of Medicine. 
During 1934-1940, Huang worked in research in Germany and the UK. 
Huang came back to China in 1940 and became a senior researcher at Academia Sinica. Huang was also a professor at the National Southwestern Associated University (current Tsinghua University, Peking University and Nankai University). 
During 1945-1952, Huang was a visiting professor in USA (at Harvard University). Huang also visited the Merck & Co..
In 1952, Huang came back to China. Huang served as the Head of Department of Chemistry, Academy of Military Medical Sciences of PLA. Huang was also a senior researcher at the (Shanghai) Institute of Organic Chemistry of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) (SIOC, the most prestigious institute for organic chemistry research in China). 
Huang is regarded as one of pioneers and founders of modern pharmaceutical industries in China. Huang was a senior academician at the Chinese Academy of Sciences (1955 election). Huang was the Vice-president and later became the Honorary-president of the Chinese Society for Pharmaceutical Sciences (aka Chinese Pharmaceutical Association).
Huang published more than 100 papers, in both English and Chinese.
Huang-Minlon modification.
The Huang Modification or Huang-Minlon Modification is named after Huang Minglon. It was the first time that a Chinese name appeared in an organic chemical reaction.
It's a short-cut for the Wolff-Kishner reduction and involves heating the carbonyl compound, potassium hydroxide, and hydrazine hydrate together in ethylene glycol in a one-pot reaction. Huang devised this modified synthesis in 1945 while he was in the United States.
"Please also see :de:Bild:tosylhydrazon.png, the shemetic indication of Huang Modification"
In many sources, it's also mentioned such method as Wolff-Kishner-Huang Reduction (or "Wolff-Kishner-Huang Minglon" method/reaction/reduction), or in German "Wolff-Kishner/Huang-Minlon Reduktion" (or "Wolff-Kishner-Huang-Minlon-Reduktion").
"Please also check the German source: Variante nach Huang-Minlon"
In some sources, people think "Huang" and "Minlon" are two different people. It's in fact a mistake, "Huang" is his family name and "Minlon" is his first name. "Huang Minglon" is the Wade-Giles spelling, and "Huang Minglong" is its Pinyin romanization of the Chinese characters in his name.

</doc>
<doc id="19380321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380321" title="St. Petersburg River Yacht Club">
St. Petersburg River Yacht Club

The St. Petersburg River Yacht Club, also known as St. Petersburg Central River Yacht Club or simply Central River Yacht Club, is a sailing club in Saint Petersburg. It is located on Petrovsky Island, off Peter's Passage, between the mouths of Malaya Neva and Malaya Nevka rivers. The Naval Yacht Club is close by.
Facilities.
The club provides 24-hour security, as well as water and electricity connexions to moored yachts. It has showers, telephone and fax. Captains and crew of docked yachts have free use of the club facilities. A chandlery is on site, there are also repair facilities in a separate harbour, as well as a 12.5-ton crane.
History.
The St. Petersburg River Yacht Club was established in 1860 and is one of the oldest Yacht clubs in Russia. It was bestowed royal patronage by the tsar in 1910 on its 50th anniversary. 
During the Soviet era This club went through a difficult period. It was renamed a few times, one of the clubs names then was "Central Yacht Club Trud". As part of the 1980 Olympics preparations program, the club was revived, so that the Soviet union would have a competing Olympic sailing fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="19380326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380326" title="Baron Kriminel">
Baron Kriminel

Baron Kriminel is a much feared spirit or Loa in the Haitian Vodou religion. He is envisioned as a murderer who has been condemned to death, and is invoked to pronounce swift judgment.
When a person becomes possessed by Baron Kriminel they shout obscenities, spit and try to stab surrounding people. If, during possession, Baron Kriminel is presented with food he does not like, he will bite chunks out of the arms of the possessed person. He sometimes calls for sacrifices of black chickens to be doused in petrol and set alight. The shrieking of the chickens when being burned alive is said to appeal to the cruel nature of Baron Kriminel and appease him. Baron Kriminel is said to be one of Baron Samedi's many aspects.
Baron Kriminel will often grant requests in lieu, he is said to return on Fete Ghede, the Voduns' "Festival of the Dead" (November 2nd), to claim payment.
Baron Kriminel is often represented by Saint Martin de Porres, perhaps because his feast day is November 3rd, the day after Fete Ghede. His colours include black, purple, white and deep blood red.

</doc>
<doc id="19380333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380333" title="Thomas Nordish">
Thomas Nordish

Thomas Nordish (baptised March 25, 1785 — July 1, 1842) was an English cricketer. He was a wicket-keeper batsman who played for Kent and England. He was born at Dodmore Manor Farm, Meopham, where he resided until his death.
Nordish made two "first-class" appearances, eight years apart. His debut came in 1815, in which, batting as an opener, along with Edward Winter, Nordish scored nine runs in the first innings of his debut match, and two runs in the second.
His second "first-class" appearance, in 1823, saw him bat at the top of the order with John Evans, once again with limited success, while the batsman he partnered went on to make a decent innings - Nordish scored a duck in the second innings, whilst partner Evans finished the second innings having carried the bat with 90 not out.
The family of Thomas Nordish lived at Dodmore Manor Farm located at The Street, Meopham. The family's surname was sometimes spelt as "Nordash".

</doc>
<doc id="19380334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380334" title="Stephen Masters">
Stephen Masters

Stephen Masters was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Lamberhurst.
Masters made a single first-class appearance, in 1815. In the first innings in which he batted, he scored 12 runs, and in the second, he scored 9 runs, before being bowled out by Henry Bentley.

</doc>
<doc id="19380335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380335" title="John Unstead">
John Unstead

John Unstead (9 February 1790 – 22 October 1872) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born and died in Waldron.
Unstead made a single first-class appearance in 1825, scoring just one run in the two innings in which he batted. While his complete bowling information in unclear, it is known that he took at least five wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="19380339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380339" title="Falcon's Eye">
Falcon's Eye

"Falcon's Eye" is a version of the computer game "NetHack" which introduces isometric graphics and mouse control. "Falcon's Eye" has been praised for improving "NetHack"'s visuals and audio to an almost commercial level and has been noted as among some of the best free games available by Linux Journal.
Development.
"Falcon's Eye" was developed by Jaakko Peltonen, a researcher of neural networks at Helsinki University of Technology, originally as a separate engine, and then grafted onto "NetHack". The artwork and sound effects are largely his, with some submissions from users. "NetHack"'s code assumes little about the user interface, telling which dungeon maps and messages to display, but leaves the implementation details to the interface. Peltonen explains that this versatility helped him to create "Falcon's Eye", as he did not have to work around a fixed character-based interface.
"Falcon's Eye" was mostly programmed in C, with some C++ functions. Both SDL and DirectX are used for the graphics and sound in order to make the base code as system-independent as possible.
Since the release of version 1.9.3 in 2001, development of "Falcon's Eye" has not progressed, with the game based on a now out-of-date version of "NetHack". In the interim, at least one unofficial update has appeared in the portage package management system. This level of inactivity prompted the forking of "Falcon's Eye" to create "Vulture's Eye" (now just "Vulture") which has significant improvements on the original.
Peltonen had planned to add more customization options, allowing users to add their own graphics. As some users reported difficulty in compiling and installing "Falcon's Eye", he also wished to simplify this procedure. He also envisions an application for "NetHack" that allows a user to switch between different user interfaces, similar to software skins.
Gameplay.
Whilst adding some features, such as a path-finding tool, "Falcon's Eye" doesn't alter the "NetHack" gameplay. Peltonen says that this was to ensure that future versions remain compatible with future releases of "NetHack".
"Falcon's Eye" provides a context menu when a creature or item is right-clicked. Users can customize the interface by configuring the keyboard commands or by adding sound effects.

</doc>
<doc id="19380366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380366" title="Jonathan Miller (businessman)">
Jonathan Miller (businessman)

Jonathan F. Miller (born 1957) was CEO of Digital Media at News Corp until 2012 and was the chairman and CEO of America Online from 2002 to 2006.
Career.
Miller received his B.A. with honors from Harvard University.
From 1987 to 1993, he was vice president of programming, and NBA Entertainment for the National Basketball Association. From 1993 to 1997, he was Managing Director of Nickelodeon International, (a unit of Viacom’s MTV Networks). From 2000 to 2002, Miller ran the Internet operations of Barry Diller's USA Networks, (now IACI and Expedia).
In August 2002, when he was brought into AOL by Richard D. Parsons, he was relatively unknown.
In 2005 he said:
In 2006, he presided over layoffs of 5,000 people, at AOL. He bought Weblogs, Inc., and brought Jason Calacanis to AOL, and later invested in Mahalo.com. In November 2006, he was replaced by Randy Falco. Miller led the company's change from a subscription-based model to an advertising-supported model.
Miller is a founding partner of Velocity Interactive Group, a leading investment firm that focuses on digital media and communications along with his business associate Ross Levinsohn with support of a passive but powerful Asian billionaire Keyur Patel . Time Warner invoked a non-compete clause to prevent him serving on the Yahoo board of directors. In 2008, he was looking for funding for a takeover of Yahoo, but was unsuccessful.
In March 2009 Miller joined News Corp to "oversee the broad strategic digital initiatives." Miller was CEO of Digital Media at News Corp, including Fox Interactive Media and Hulu, until his departure in August 2012. 
Directorships.
Miller is on the Board of Directors of Ticketmaster, Clickable, Idearc Media, Next New Networks, Mahalo, Kosmix, YP Holdings, LLC and Hanley Wood, LLC. He is an advisor to General Atlantic LLC.
He serves on the Board of the American Film Institute, and serves as a trustee of both Emerson College and WNYC Public Radio in New York.
Awards.
Miller received the first Pioneer Prize in 2006, for his contributions to the field of interactive television at the International Interactive Emmy Awards at Mip TV in Cannes.

</doc>
<doc id="19380370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380370" title="Battle of Torvioll">
Battle of Torvioll

The Battle of Torvioll, also known as the Battle of Lower Dibra, was fought on 29 June 1444 on the Plain of Torvioll, in what is modern-day Albania. Skanderbeg was an Ottoman captain of Albanian origin who decided to go back to his native land and take the reins of a new Albanian rebellion. He, along with 300 other Albanians fighting at the Battle of Niš, deserted the Ottoman army to head towards Krujë, which fell quickly through a subversion. He then formed the League of Lezhë, a confederation of Albanian princes united in war against the Ottoman Empire. Murad II, realizing the threat, sent one of his most experienced captains, Ali Pasha, to crush the rebellion with a force of 25,000 men.
Skanderbeg expected a reaction so he moved with 15,000 of his own men to defeat Ali Pasha's army. The two met in the Plain of Torvioll where they camped opposite of each other. The following day, 29 June, Ali came out of his camp and saw that Skanderbeg had positioned his forces at the bottom of a hill. Expecting a quick victory, Ali ordered all of his forces down the hill to attack and defeat Skanderbeg's army. Skanderbeg expected such a maneuver and prepared his own stratagem. Once the opposing forces were engaged and the necessary positioning was achieved, Skanderbeg ordered his forces hidden in the forests behind the Turkish army to strike their rear flanks. The result was devastating for the Ottomans, whose entire army was routed with its commander nearly being killed.
The victory lifted the morale of the Christian princes of Europe and was recognized as a great victory over the Muslim Ottoman Empire whose expansions they could not withhold by themselves. Murad thus realized the effect Skanderbeg's rebellion would have on his realm and continued to take proper measures for his defeat, resulting in twenty-five years of war.
Background.
George Kastrioti Skanderbeg, the son of the powerful prince John Kastrioti, had been a vassal of the Ottoman Empire as a sipahi, or cavalry commander. After his participation in the Ottoman loss at the Battle of Niš, Skanderbeg deserted the Ottoman army and rushed to Albania alongside 300 other Albanians. By forging a letter from Murad II to the Governor of Krujë, he became lord of the city in November 1443. Hungarian captain John Hunyadi's continued operations against Sultan Murad II gave Skanderbeg time to prepare an alliance of the Albanian nobles. Skanderbeg invited all of Albania's nobles to meet in the Venetian-held town of Alessio (Lezhë) on 2 March 1444. Alessio was chosen as the meeting point because the town had once been the capital of the Dukagjini family and to induce Venice to lend aid to the Albanian movement. Among the nobles that attended were George Arianiti, Paul Dukagjini, Andrea Thopia, Lekë Dushmani, Teodor Korona, Peter Spani, Lekë Zaharia, and Paul Stres Balsha. Here they formed the League of Lezhë, a confederation of all of the major Albanian princes in alliance against the Ottoman Empire. The chosen Captain () of this confederation was Skanderbeg. The League's first military challenge came in the spring of 1444, when Skanderbeg's scouts reported that the Ottoman army was planning to invade Albania. Skanderbeg planned to move towards the anticipated entry point and prepared for an engagement.
Campaign.
Prelude.
Ali Pasha, one of Murad's most favoured commanders, left Üsküp (Skopje) in June 1444 with an army of 25,000 – primary sources say 40,000 – in Albania's direction. After having brought together an army of 8,000 cavalry and 7,000 infantry - altogether 15,000 men - from the League of Lezhë, Skanderbeg exhorted to his soldiers the importance of the upcoming campaign. Orders were given for the distributions of the soldiers' pay and for religious services to be held. Afterward Skanderbeg and his army headed towards the planned place of battle in Lower Dibra, which is thought to be the Plain of Shumbat, then called the Plain of Torvioll, north of Peshkopi. On the way there he marched through the Black Drin valley and appeared at the expected Ottoman entry point. Skanderbeg had chosen the plain himself: it was seven miles long and three miles wide surrounded by hills and forests. After having camped near Torvioll, Skanderbeg placed 3,000 men under five commanders, Hamza Kastrioti, Muzaka of Angelina, Zecharia Gropa, Peter Emanueli, and John Musachi, in the surrounding forests with orders to attack the Ottoman wings and rear only after a given signal. While Skanderbeg was preparing his ambush, the Ottoman Turks under Ali Pasha arrived and encamped opposite the Albanians. The night before the battle, the Ottoman soldiers celebrated for the day to come, whereas the Albanians extinguished all the campfires and those who were not on guard were directed to rest. Parties of Ottomans made approaches to the Albanian camp and provoked the Albanians, but they remained quiet. Skanderbeg sent out a scouting party to obtain information about the Ottoman army and ordered his cavalry to engage in small skirmishes.
Albanian positioning.
On the morning of 29 June, Skanderbeg arranged his army for battle. Apart from the 3,000 hidden forces in the area behind the Ottoman army, Skanderbeg left another reserve force of 3,000 under the command of Vrana Konti. The Albanian army was positioned in a crescent shape curving inwards. They were split into three equal groups each composed of 3,000 men. They were all placed at the bottom of a hill, with the intention of luring the Ottoman cavalry-based army into a downhill charge. The Albanian left wing was commanded by Tanush Thopia with 1,500 horse and a like number of foot. On the right wing, Skanderbeg placed Moisi Golemi in the same manner as Thopia. In front of the wings, foot archers were placed to lure the enemy in. In the center, there were 3,000 men under the command of Skanderbeg and Ajdin Muzaka. 1,000 horsemen were placed in front of the main division with orders to blunt the initial Turkish cavalry charge. Next to these horsemen was placed a like number of archers who were trained to accompany the horses. After the archers was the main body of infantry commanded by Ajdin Muzaka, whose experience proved vital that day.
Battle.
After the army was marshaled, Skanderbeg would not permit the trumpets to give the signal for battle until he saw Ali Pasha advancing. After looking upon the Albanian army, the Pasha ordered his army to charge with one of the units ahead of the rest. The Albanian front line retreated; Skanderbeg sent a body of horsemen to prevent the line from breaking and marshaled the retreating troops back to their places. Ali Pasha believed he had the Albanians trapped. The same situation occurred on the left wing and, when all were in their places, the army prepared for the main offensive. As it began, the wings were fiercely led on by Thopia and Golemi and pushed back the Ottoman wings. In the centre, Skanderbeg assaulted a selected battalion. When the proper signal was given, the 3,000 horsemen hidden in the woods sprung out and charged into the Ottoman rear, causing large parts of their army to rout. The wings of the Albanian army turned towards the Ottoman centre's flanks. Ajdin Muzaka, having charged the Turkish centre, was met by fierce resistance and the Turks continued to pour in fresh forces until Vrana Konti came in with his reserves and decided the battle. The Turkish army was surrounded. The Ottoman front ranks were annihilated except for 300 soldiers. Ali Pasha's personal battalion fled although the commander nearly met his death.
Aftermath.
8,000 to 22,000 Turks died in the battle, while 2,000 were captured. The Albanians were originally attributed to have lost as little as 120 men, but modern sources suggest a higher figure of 4,000 Albanians dead and wounded. Skanderbeg remained quiet in his camp for the remainder of that day and the following night. Having addressed his troops, he directed his infantry to mount the captured horses. The spoils of the victory were abundant and even the wounded took part in the pillaging. Skanderbeg thereafter ordered a general retreat toward Krujë. Skanderbeg's victory was praised through the rest of Europe. The European states thus began to consider a crusade to drive the Ottomans out of Europe. When Ali Pasha returned to Adrianople (Edirne), he explained to the sultan that the loss should be attributed to his forces and the "fortunes of war" and not his generalship. The battle of Torvioll thus opened up the quarter-century war between Skanderbeg's Albania and the Ottoman Empire.
Kenneth Meyer Setton claims that majority of accounts on Skanderbeg's activities in the period 1443–1444 "owe far more to fancy than to fact." According to him, after Skanderbeg was allegedly victorious in Torviolli, the Hungarians are said to have sung praises about him and urged Skanderbeg to join the alliance of Hungary, the Papacy and Burgundy against the Turks.

</doc>
<doc id="19380385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380385" title="Disposability">
Disposability

Disposability is the fifth album by Steve Lacy and was released on the Italian RCA label in 1966. It features three tunes written by Thelonious Monk, one by Cecil Taylor, one by Carla Bley and four by Lacy performed by Lacy, Aldo Romano and Kent Carter.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19380389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380389" title="Hand of Sorrow">
Hand of Sorrow

"Hand of Sorrow" is a song by the Dutch symphonic metal/rock band Within Temptation taken from their fourth album "The Heart of Everything". The song is part of the promotion for their 2008 live DVD, "Black Symphony", according to their web page, as well as "Forgiven", which was released as a single. 
On September 17, 2008, the band released a new webpage, blacksymphony.nl, for further promotion of the DVD. On this page a competition was announced, where fans were encouraged to make their own music video for Hand of Sorrow, based on the live performance from the DVD. The winner was to have their contribution become the official music video for the song and would be invited (from anywhere in the world) with a friend to Within Temptation's seated show in Haarlem on November 27 with VIP tickets, as well as having dinner with Sharon den Adel and Robert Westerholt, and would have a get-together with the whole band after the show. The winner would also receive a Within Temptation merchandise pack. The winner would be flown to and from Amsterdam, and transport from the airport to the hotel where they will be staying for two nights, and to the venue, would be provided. If the winner should Dutch or Belgian, they would receive a Panasoncd HD TV and Blu-ray DVD player in lieu of the flight costs, as well as a signed Black Symphony Blu-ray disc. 
The 10 next best videos was rewarded with a package containing a T-shirt and a signed ‘Black Symphony’ Special Edition. 
There was also a prize for the most viewed video. The most viewed video received a Panasonic Blu-ray player with a signed ‘Black Symphony’ Blu-ray Disc.
On November 10, 2008, the band announced the winners for the competition. The video, featuring the live performance of the song, then became a second trailer for the DVD, in the same manner as the first trailer, which featured the performance of the song "Our Solemn Hour".
Inspiration.
According to Within Temptation vocalist Sharon den Adel, "the lyrics of 'The hand of Sorrow' were inspired by Robin Hobb's 'The Farseer Trilogy'. It is the tale of FitzChivalry Farseer. The thing which inspired us was the feeling of being torn between your own dreams and higher goals in life and the sacrifices those goals take to achieve them. What also runs through this story are moral questions like 'is violence appropriate, just when it can prevent more violence."

</doc>
<doc id="19380439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380439" title="William Deedes">
William Deedes

William Deedes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19380441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380441" title="William Deedes junior">
William Deedes junior

William Deedes (11 October 1834 – 27 May 1887) was an English cricketer and a Conservative Party politician. He was born in Saltwood and died in Saltwood Castle.
Cricket.
Deedes made a single first-class appearance in 1853 for Gentlemen of Kent - aged just eighteen. Deedes playing as a lower-order batsman, scored three runs in each of the two innings in which he batted, both times being caught by William Nicholson and bowled by Edward Drake.
Deedes' father, also named William, and uncle John, also played first-class cricket.
Politics.
Deedes was elected to the House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for East Kent at an unopposed by-election in July 1876, following the resignation of the Conservative MP Sir Wyndham Knatchbull. His father had previously represented the same constituency, from 1845 to 1857 and from 1857 to 1862, but William junior's political career was shorter, as he stood down from Parliament at the 1880 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19380446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380446" title="Archaeonycteris">
Archaeonycteris

Archaeonycteris was a primitive bat genus whose remains were found in Germany, France, England and India.

</doc>
<doc id="19380457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380457" title="Credit rating agencies and the subprime crisis">
Credit rating agencies and the subprime crisis

Credit rating agencies (CRAs) — firms which rate debt instruments/securities according to the debtor's ability to pay lenders back — played a significant role at various stages in the American subprime mortgage crisis of 2007-2008 that led to the Great Recession of 2008-2009. 
The new, complex securities of "structured finance" used to finance subprime mortgages could not have been sold without ratings by the "Big Three" rating agencies — Moody's Investors Service, Standard & Poor's, and Fitch Ratings. A large section of the debt securities market — many money markets and pension funds — were restricted in their bylaws to holding only the safest securities — i.e securities the rating agencies designated "triple-A". The pools of debt the agencies gave their highest ratings to included over three trillion dollars of loans to homebuyers with bad credit and undocumented incomes through 2007. Hundreds of billions dollars' worth of these triple-A securities were downgraded to "junk" status by 2010, and the writedowns and losses came to over half a trillion dollars.
This led "to the collapse or disappearance" in 2008-9 of three major investment banks (Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Merrill Lynch), and the federal governments buying of $700 billion of bad debt from distressed financial institutions.
Impact on the crisis.
Credit rating agencies came under scrutiny following the mortgage crisis for giving investment-grade, "money safe" ratings to securitized mortgages (in the form of securities known as mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and collateralized debt obligations (CDO)) based on "non-prime"—subprime or Alt-A -- mortgages loans.
Demand for the securities was stimulated by the large global pool of fixed income investments which had doubled from $36 trillion in 2000 to $70 trillion by 2006—more than annual global spending—and the low interest rates from competing fixed income securities, made possible by the low interest rate policy of the US Federal Reserve Bank for much of that period 
These high ratings encouraged the flow of global investor funds into these securities funding the housing bubble in the US.
Mortgage-related securities.
Ratings were/are vital to "private-label" asset-backed securities — such as subprime mortgage-backed securities (MBS), and collateralized debt obligations (CDO), "CDOs squared", and "synthetic CDOs" — whose "financial engineering" make them "harder to understand and to price than individual loans".
Earlier traditional and more simple "prime" mortgage securities were issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- "enterprises" sponsored by the Federal government. Their safety wasn't questioned by conservative money managers. Non-prime private label mortgage securities were neither made up of loans to borrowers with high credit ratings nor insured by a government enterprise, so issuers used an innovation in securities structure to get higher agency ratings. They pooled debt and then "sliced" the result into "tranches", each with a different priority in the debt repayment stream of income. The most "senior" tranches highest up in priority of revenue—which usually made up most of the pool of debt—received the triple A ratings. This made them eligible for purchase by the pension funds and money market funds restricted to top-rated debt, and for use by banks wanting to reduce costly capital requirements under Basel II.
The complexity of analyzing the debt pool mortgages and tranche priority, and the position of the Big Three credit rating agencies "between the issuers and the investors of securities", is what "transformed" the agencies into "key" players in the process, according to the "Financial Crisis Inquiry Report".
"Participants in the securitization industry realized that they needed to secure favorable credit ratings in order to sell structured products to investors. Investment banks therefore paid handsome fees to the rating agencies to obtain the desired ratings." 
According to the CEO of a servicer of the securitization industry, Jim Callahan of PentAlpha, “The rating agencies were important tools to do that because you know the people that we were selling these bonds to had never really had any history in the mortgage business. ... They were looking for an independent party to develop an opinion,”
From 2000 to 2007, Moody's rated nearly 45,000 mortgage-related securities—more than half of those it rated—as triple-A. In contrast only six (private sector) companies in the United States were given that top rating.
By December 2008, there were over $11 trillion structured finance securities outstanding in the US bond market debt.
CDOs.
Rating agencies were even more important in disposing of the MBS tranches that could not be rated triple-A. Although these made up a minority of the value of the MBS tranches, unless buyers were found for them, it would not be profitable to make the security in the first place. And because traditional mortgage investors were risk adverse (often because of SEC regulations or restrictions in their charters), these less safe tranches were the most difficult to sell.
To sell these "mezzanine" tranches, investment bankers pooled them to form another security—known as a collateralized debt obligation (CDO). Though the raw material of these "obligations" was made up of BBB, A-, etc. tranches, the CRA's rated 70% to 80% of the new CDO tranches triple A. The 20-30% remaining mezzanine tranches were usually bought up by other CDOs, to make so-called "CDO squared" securities which also produced tranches rated mostly triple A by rating agencies. This process was disparaged as a way of transforming "dross into gold" or "ratings laundering" by at least some business journalists.
Trust in rating agencies was particularly important for CDOs for another reason—their contents were subject to change, so CDO managers "didn't always have to disclose what the securities contained". This lack of transparency did not affect demand for the securities. Investors "weren't so much buying a security" as they "were buying a triple-A rating," according to business journalists Bethany McLean and Joe Nocera.
Still another structured product was the "synthetic CDO". Cheaper and easier to create than original "cash" CDOs, these securities did not provide funding for housing. Instead synthetic CDO-buying investors were in effect providing insurance (in the form of "credit default swaps") against mortgage default. Synthetics "referenced" cash CDOs, and rather than providing investors with interest and principal payments from MBS tranches, they paid insurance premium-like payments from credit default swap "insurance". If the referenced CDOs defaulted, investors lost their investment, which was paid out as insurance. Because synthetics referenced another (cash) CDO, more than one — in fact numerous — synthetics could be made to reference the same original. This multiplied the effect if a referenced security defaulted.
Here again the giving of triple A ratings to "large chunks" of synthetics by the rating agencies was crucial to the securities success. The buyer of synthetic tranches (who often went on to lose their investment) was seldom an analyst "who had investigated the mortgage-backed security", was aware of deteriorating mortgage underwriting standards, or the fact that the payments they would receive were often coming from investors betting against mortgage-backed security solvency. Rather, "it was someone who was buying a rating and thought he couldn't lose money."
Downgrades and writedowns.
By the end of 2009, over half of the CDOs by value issued at the end of the housing bubble (from 2005-2007) that rating agencies gave their highest "triple-A" rating to, were "impaired"—that is either written-down to "junk" or suffered a "principal loss" (i.e. not only had they not paid interest but investors would not get back some of the principal they invested).
Mortgage underwriting standards deteriorated to the point that between 2002 and 2007 an estimated $3.2 trillion in loans were made to homeowners with bad credit and undocumented incomes (e.g., subprime or Alt-A mortgages) and bundled into MBSs and CDOs that received high ratings and therefore could be sold to global investors. Higher ratings were believed justified by various credit enhancements including over-collateralization (i.e., pledging collateral in excess of debt issued), credit default insurance, and equity investors willing to bear the first losses. But as of September 2008, bank writedowns and losses on these investments totaled $523 billion.
Rating agencies lowered the credit ratings on $1.9 trillion in mortgage backed securities from the third fiscal quarter (1 July – 30 September) of 2007 to the second quarter (1 April - 30 June) of 2008. One institution, Merrill Lynch, sold more than $30 billion of CDOs for 22 cents on the dollar in late July 2008.
The net worth of financial institutions owning the newly downgraded securities declined, requiring the institutions to acquire additional capital, to maintain capital ratios, which in turn often lowered the net worth value of the institutions above and beyond the low of value of the downgraded securities. Adding to the financial chain reaction were regulations—governmental or internal—requiring some institutional investors to carry only investment-grade (e.g., "BBB" and better) assets. A downgrade below that meant forced asset sales and further devaluation.
Criticism.
In the wake of the financial crisis of 2007–2010, the rating agencies came under criticism from investigators, economists, and journalists. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission (FCIC) set up by the US Congress and President to investigate the causes of the crisis, and publisher of the "Financial Crisis Inquiry Report" (FCIR), concluded that the "failures" of the Big Three rating agencies were "essential cogs in the wheel of financial destruction" and "key enablers of the financial meltdown". It went on to say The mortgage-related securities at the heart of the crisis could not have been marketed and sold without their seal of approval. Investors relied on them, often blindly. In some cases, they were obligated to use them, or regulatory capital standards were hinged on them. This crisis could not have happened without the rating agencies. Their ratings helped the market soar and their downgrades through 2007 and 2008 wreaked havoc across markets and firms."
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Commissioner Kathleen Casey complained the ratings of the large rating agencies were "catastrophically misleading", yet the agencies "enjoyed their most profitable years ever during the past decade" while doing so. The Economist magazine opined that "it is beyond argument that ratings agencies did a horrendous job evaluating mortgage-tied securities before the financial crisis hit."
Economist Joseph Stiglitz considered "the rating agencies as one of the key culprits... They were the party that performed the alchemy that converted the securities from F-rated to A-rated. The banks could not have done what they did without the complicity of the rating agencies." In their book on the crisis — "All the Devils Are Here" — journalists Bethany McLean, and Joe Nocera, criticized rating agencies for continuing "to slap their triple-A s on subprime securities even as the underwriting deteriorated -- and as the housing boom turned into an outright bubble" in 2005, 2006, 2007.
Legal actions.
Dozens of suits involving claims of inaccurate ratings were filed against the rating agencies by investors. Plaintiffs have included by CDO investors (the state of Ohio for losses of $457 million, California state employees for $1 billion), 
the bankrupt investment bank Bear Stearns (for losses of $1.12 billion from alleged "fraudulently issuing inflated ratings for securities"), bond insurers. 
The US government is also a plaintiff (suing S&P for $5 billion for "misrepresenting the credit risk of complex financial products").
SEC actions.
On 11 June 2008 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission proposed far-reaching rules designed to address perceived conflicts of interest between rating agencies and issuers of structured securities. The proposal would, among other things, prohibit a credit rating agency from issuing a rating on a structured product unless information on assets underlying the product was available, prohibit credit rating agencies from structuring the same products that they rate, and require the public disclosure of the information a credit rating agency uses to determine a rating on a structured product, including information on the underlying assets. The last proposed requirement is designed to facilitate "unsolicited" ratings of structured securities by rating agencies not compensated by issuers.
On 3 December 2008, the SEC approved measures to strengthen oversight of credit rating agencies, following a ten-month investigation that found "significant weaknesses in ratings practices," including conflicts of interest.
Explanations for inaccurate ratings.
The FCIC commission found that agencies' credit ratings were influenced by "flawed computer models, the pressure from financial firms that paid for the ratings, the relentless drive for market share, the lack of resources to do the job despite record profits, and the absence of meaningful public oversight." McLean and Nocera blame credit ratings lapses on "an erosion of standards, a willful suspension of skepticism, a hunger for big fees and market share, and an inability to stand up to" the investment banks issuing the securities.
Competitive pressure to lower standards.
Structured investment mortgage-related securities were the rating agencies' "golden goose"—in the words of one agency manager. Agencies earned as much as three times more for grading these complex products as for corporate bonds, their traditional business. On top of revenue generated for issuing credit ratings, agencies often earned $300,000–500,000 and as much as $1 million to construct a structured investment vehicle. By 2007 the business accounted for just under half of the total ratings revenue and all of the revenue growth for Moody's—one of the largest agencies. But there was always a danger of losing out on this lucrative business. Issuers played the three big credit agencies off one another, 'shopping' around to find the best ratings.
Richard Michalek, a former vice president and senior credit officer at Moody’s, testified to the FCIC that even when they were not realized, “The threat of losing business to a competitor ... absolutely tilted the balance away from an independent arbiter of risk ...” When asked if the investment banks frequently threatened to withdraw their business if they didn’t get their desired rating, former Moody team managing director Gary Witt told the FCIC, 
“Oh God, are you kidding? All the time. I mean, that’s routine. I mean, they would threaten you all of the time. . . . It’s like, ‘Well, next time, we’re just going to go with Fitch and S&P.’” At Standard & Poor's rating service one subpoenaed email sent by a security-issuing banker angry over possible revision of residential mortgage-backed security ratings, told an analyst: "Heard your ratings could be 5 notches back of moddys equivalent, Gonna kill you resi biz. May force us to do moddyfitch competitors Moody's and Fitch Rating only ..."
Another email between colleagues at Standard & Poor's written before the bubble burst, suggests awareness of what would happen to the securities they were giving top ratings to: "Rating agencies continue to create and even bigger monster--the CDO market. Let's hope we are all wealthy and retired by the time this house of cards falters."
Conflicts of interest.
Critics have claimed there was a conflict of interest for agencies—a conflict between accommodating clients for whom higher ratings of debt mean higher earnings, and accurately rating the debt for the benefit of the debt buyer/investor customers, who provide no revenue to the agencies. Being a publicly traded firm intensifies the pressure to grow and increase profits. Of the two biggest agencies Moody's became a public firm in 2001, while Standard & Poor's is part of the publicly traded McGraw-Hill Companies.
One study of "6,500 structured debt ratings" produced by Standard & Poor’s, Moody's and Fitch, found ratings by agencies "biased in favour of issuer clients that provide the agencies with more rating business. This result points to a powerful conflict of interest, which goes beyond the occasional disagreement among employees."
Unwillingness to spend on human resources.
While Moody's and other credit rating agencies were quite profitable — Moody's operating margins were consistently over 50%, higher than famously successful Exxon Mobil or Microsoft, and its stock rose 340% between the time it was spun off into a public company and February 2007 — salaries and bonuses for non-management were low by Wall Street standards and its employees complained of overwork.
According to journalists McLean and Nocera. "The analysts in structured finance were working 12 to 15 hours a day. They made a fraction of the pay of even a junior investment banker. There were far more deals in the pipeline than they could possibly handle. They were overwhelmed. Moody's top brass ... wouldn't add staff because they didn't want to be stuck with the cost of employees if the revenues slowed down."
Moody’s Team manager Gary Witt complained that “penny-pinching” and “stingy” management was reluctant to pay up for experienced employees. “The problem of recruiting and retaining good staff was insoluble. Investment banks often hired away our best people. As far as I can remember, we were never allocated funds to make counter offers. We had almost no ability to do meaningful research.” When asked about this by the FCIC, Moody's president Brian Clarkson admitted that investment banks paid more than his agency so retaining employees was "a challenge".
Manipulation of ratings.
Journalist Michael Lewis argues that the low pay of credit rating agency employees allowed security issuers to game the ratings of their securities. Lewis quotes one Goldman Sachs "trader-turned hedge fund manager" telling him, "guys who can't get a job on Wall Street get a job at Moody's," as Moody's paid much less. 
This was despite the fact that a job at Moody's -- or any of the other rating agencies—gave an analyst the power to upgrade or downgrade a security, whereas the higher paid analysts' recommendations at Wall Street investment banks had no such impact on the market. 
However, the difference in pay meant that the "smartest" analysts at the credit rating agencies "leave for Wall Street firms where they could use their knowledge (of criteria used to rate securities) to manipulate the companies they used to work for." Consequently, it was widely known on Wall Street that the "inner workings" of the rating models used by the credit rating agencies, while "officially, a secret", "were ripe for exploitation." At least one other investment firm that bet against the agencies' credit ratings with huge success believed “there was a massive amount of gaming going on.”
When asked by the FCIC Commission about "the high turnover" and "revolving door that often left raters dealing with their old colleagues, this time as clients", Moody's officials stated their employees were prohibited from rating deals by a bank or issuer while they were interviewing for a job with that particular institution, but notifying management of any such interview was the responsibility of the employee. After getting a job at an investment bank, former employees were barred from interacting with Moody’s on "the same series of deals they had rated while in its employ", but not on any other deals with Moody’s.
Ways of "gaming".
What was it ex-rating agency analysts might show their new employers? According to the hedge fund managers Michael Lewis talked to who had bet against mortgages securities, there were a number of ways to game or "reverse-engineer" the raters' models.
Rating agencies judged creditworthiness of a pool of loans in part by looking at the averages of credit scores of borrowers who made up the of the security. The agencies used FICO, the "best-known and most widely used credit score model". The average FICO score needed to be about 615 for a pool of loans to meet rating agencies' minimum standard and allow a maximum percentage of triple-A rated tranches.
While using an average was less work than getting a list of the borrowers' individual scores or finding the standard deviation of the pool of scores, it left out useful information. A pool of loans composed of borrowers all of whom had a FICO score of 615 was likely far fewer defaults than a pool of loans with the same average but more dispersion—e.g.composed of borrowers half of whom had FICO scores of 550 and half 680, since someone who had earned a FICO score as low as 550 "was virtually certain to default". Knowing this blind spot, securities issuers who could no longer find high FICO-scoring families who wanted to take out a mortgage found other ways to raise the average pool score.
One way was to convince immigrants to buy homes. People who had not been in the country long, often had "never failed to repay a debt, because they had never been given a loan". Such people had surprisingly high FICO scores if you ignored the short credit history or "thin file". Rating agencies did, and FICO scores ignored and personal or household income. Thus did low income immigrants increase the percentage of pool of loans that could be declared triple-A" and explain otherwise unlikely sounding press reports of a "Mexican strawberry picker with an income of $14,000 and no English" being "lent every penny he needed to buy a house of $724,000".
Other "opportunities" for issuers manipulating credit raters included 
"The models used by the rating agencies were riddled with these sorts of opportunities", according to Lewis. "The trick was finding them" before other security issuers did.
Aftermath.
In 2006, the Credit Rating Agency Reform Act was passed, intending to break the dominance of the "big three" agencies – Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, and Fitch — by making it easier to qualify as a “nationally recognized” ratings agency.
However, in 2013, McClatchy Newspapers found that "little competition has emerged in rating the kinds of complex home-mortgage securities whose implosion led to the 2007 financial crisis". In the 12 months that ended in June 2011, the SEC reported that the big three issued 97% of all credit ratings, down only 1% from 98% in 2007.
In the spring of 2013, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s settled two "long-running" lawsuits "seeking to hold them responsible for misleading investors about the safety of risky debt vehicles that they had rated". The suits were filed in 2008 and had sought more than $700 million of damages. Settlement terms were not disclosed in both cases, and the lawsuits were dismissed "with prejudice", meaning they cannot be brought again. Other lawsuits are still outstanding as of September 2013.
In the dozens of suits filed against them by investors involving claims of inaccurate ratings the rating agencies have defended themselves using a First Amendment defense (based on the precedent of New York Times Co. v. Sullivan). This maintains a credit rating is an opinion protected as free speech and requires plaintiffs to prove actual malice by the agency However, some wonder if the defense will ultimately prevail.
According to columnist Floyd Harris at least one rating agency—S&P -- responded to the credit crisis by first tightening up its standards and sacrificing market share to restored its reputation, after which it loosened standards again "to get more business", tripling its market share in the first half of 2013. 
This is because, according to Harris, for rating
franchises to be worth anything, they must seem to be credible to investors. But once they overcome that minimal hurdle, they will get more business if they are less critical than their competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19380486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380486" title="Dizə">
Dizə

Dizə or Diza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19380497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380497" title="Doctors' Wives">
Doctors' Wives

Doctors' Wives may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19380534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380534" title="Brief Interviews with Hideous Men (film)">
Brief Interviews with Hideous Men (film)

Brief Interviews with Hideous Men is a 2009 American comedy-drama film written, produced, and directed by John Krasinski, based on a short story collection of the same name by David Foster Wallace.
Plot.
Sara Quinn (Julianne Nicholson) is interviewing men as part of her graduate studies. Her intellectual endeavor has emotional consequences as the men’s twisted and revealing stories are juxtaposed against the backdrop of her own experience. As she begins to listen closely to the men around her, Sara must ultimately reconcile herself to the darkness that lies below the surface of human interactions.
Production.
The film was shot in studios in Brooklyn, New York and exterior filming took place in Staten Island, New York, and on the campuses of Columbia University and Brooklyn College.
Reception.
The film was selected for the US Dramatic Competition in the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. It scored 40% at Rotten Tomatoes and 44% at Metacritic.

</doc>
<doc id="19380538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380538" title="Richard Diehl">
Richard Diehl

Richard A. Diehl (born 1940) is an American archaeologist, anthropologist and academic, noted as a scholar of pre-Columbian Mesoamerican cultures. He is particularly renowned for his extensive contributions in the study of the Olmec civilization, which flourished in the Gulf Coast of Mexico region during the Formative (or Preclassic) period in Mesoamerican chronology and widely influenced subsequent Mesoamerican cultures. Diehl retired from formal academia at the end of the 2007 academic year, after a career spanning over four decades. He retained title as Professor Emeritus in the Department of Anthropology at the University of Alabama (UA), Tuscaloosa. Post-retirement Diehl continues to be active in Mesoamerican and archaeological research, teaching classes and authoring publications on the Olmec and other archaeological subjects.
Early life and academic career.
Richard Diehl was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. He completed his secondary education in the state system before pursuing tertiary studies at Pennsylvania State University. After first graduating with a BA in History, Diehl commenced postgraduate studies in Anthropology. In 1965 Diehl obtained his MA under the supervision of prolific archaeologist William T. Sanders, with a thesis on "The Use of Ethnographic Data for Archaeological Interpretation of the Teotihuacan Valley, Mexico". Continuing to specialise in Mesoamerican archaeology, Diehl received his PhD in 1969, with a thesis entitled "An Evaluation of Cultural Evolution in the Formative Period in Mesoamerican Prehistory", again with Sanders as his supervisor. 
Diehl began his academic career with the University of Missouri (MU) in Columbia, Missouri. In 1968 he was accepted for a teaching position at MU's Department of Anthropology, which had been newly established as a separate department two years previously. Diehl remained at MU for the next 18 years, lecturing and conducting archaeological research in Guatemala and Mexico.
In 1986 Diehl left MU to join the anthropology department at Alabama as its departmental chair, a position he held until 1993. During a one-year sabbatical in 1993–94 Diehl served as acting director and curator of pre-Columbian Studies at the Dumbarton Oaks Research Library and Collection, in Washington, D.C.. From 1998 to 2005 Diehl served as executive director of UA's museum systems, and was director of the Alabama Museum of Natural History.
Research.
Diehl's experiences in archaeological fieldwork began in the early 1960s while still an undergraduate at Penn State. From 1961 to 1964 he participated in field trips to the Teotihuacan Valley, the important archaeological locality situated in the central Mexican "altiplano" where the major city and polity of Teotihuacan had reached its apogee during the Classic era. Working under the tutelage of Sanders, Diehl conducted research at Teotihuacan and other nearby sites towards his Master's degree, gaining experience in excavation techniques, archaeological field surveys and ethnography. As a graduate working towards his doctorate, Diehl worked with Yale professor Michael D. Coe in the 1966–67 field season at San Lorenzo Tenochtitlán, a major Olmec site in the state of Veracruz, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19380582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380582" title="Dizə, Julfa">
Dizə, Julfa

Dizə (also, Kyarimkuli-Diza and Kerimkuludiza) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 977. 

</doc>
<doc id="19380585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380585" title="Sankaran Embranthiri">
Sankaran Embranthiri

Kalamandalam Sankaran Embranthiri (1944–2007) was one of the most popular Kathakali musicians, credited with initiating a new wave in the rendition of songs for the classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India. His shruti-aligned music was glistened by a velvety voice, easy reach of the three octaves and command over stage proceedings that won him massive fan following even as his form received an abrupt setback in 1990 when he suffered a major ailment from which he could never recover fully.
Embranthiri was born into a poor Brahmin family in Vellayoor village of Malappuram district in Malabar. After completing his schooling, during which he learnt classical Carnatic music from a local teacher named Govinda Pisarody, teenaged Sankaran joined Kerala Kalamandalam in 1958. Madambi Subrahmanian Namboothiri, Kalamandalam Tirur Nambissan and Kalamandalam Hyderali joined Kalamandalam in the same year. His Kathakali music tutors at the institution were Kalamandalam Neelakantan Nambisan, Gangadharan, Sivaraman Nair and Madhava Panikkar.
Embranthiri wasn't a particularly promising singer during his student days, but soon after passing out of Kalamandalam began getting noticed for his sweet, emotion-laden voice and clear diction. Just as he started finding stages in the southern Travancore region, he got employed—first in the Irinjalakuda-based Unnayi Varrier Smaraka Kalanilayam in 1965 and later, in 1970, at FACT Kathakali School near Kochi from where he eventually retired as a Kathakali music teacher.
Embranthiri rose to professional prominence in early 1970s by updating himself on its voice culture that suited the general aesthetics of the times. His singing had a charismatic appeal that earned him admirers from the mass and the class alike. This, coupled with his ability to anchor the show as the lead musician (ponnani bhagavatar), won the trust of masters like Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair, Kalamandalam Gopi, Kalamandalam Ramankutty Nair and Kottakkal Sivaraman.
Embranthiri's novel rendition style inspired several of his contemporary singers, chiefly Kalamandalam Hyderali and Venmani Kalamandalam Haridas. In Haridas, he found a perfect cueist singer (sinkiti), taking him under his wings soon after Haridas made a comeback to Kathakali after a decade-old break from the art form.
In August 1990, Embranthiri fell seriously ill, necessitating a kidney transplant the following year. He did return to Kathakali circuit months later but seldom rose to his vintage form. Acute diabetes led to amputation of his right leg less than a decade later, but a gritty and tenacious Embranthiri still chose to stay on as a singer, sitting on a wheelchair in one corner of the Kathakali stage.
Embranthiri, an ardent devotee of Lord Krishna at the famous Guruvayur temple, had made "Ajitha Hare" and "Pari Pahimaam Hare" his hit numbers among others. He also held several Kathakali Pada kacheris, or Kathakali song concerts (with instrumental support) without the dancers on stage. He was also party to many jugalbandi programmes, sharing the stage with Carnatic and Hindustani music exponents like Neyyattinkara Vasudevan, Sreevalsan J Menon and Ramesh Narayan.
Embranthiri was chosen for the prestigious Swathi Sangeetha Puraskaram in 2003, a year after he received the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi fellowship.
Embranthiri died on November 14, 2007, at a hospital in Aluva, off Kochi, near the house be built and had been living in in the autumn of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="19380588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380588" title="25th Grey Cup">
25th Grey Cup

The 25th Grey Cup was played on December 11, 1937, before 11,522 fans at Varsity Stadium at Toronto.
The Toronto Argonauts defeated the Winnipeg Blue Bombers 4 to 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19380591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380591" title="Klammbachwaldbahn">
Klammbachwaldbahn

The Klammbachwaldbahn (Klammbach forest railway) was a narrow-gauge forest railway serving the forestry industry in the forests northeast of Achenkirch in Austria. The railway was approximately six kilometres long and ran from Weitgries into the forest nearby. The railway also operated an incline to assist in moving forest products. The railway was built in the First World War by prisoners of war and operated to around 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19380592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380592" title="26th Grey Cup">
26th Grey Cup

The 26th Grey Cup was played on December 10, 1938, before 18,778 fans at Varsity Stadium at Toronto.
The Toronto Argonauts defeated the Winnipeg Blue Bombers 30 to 7.

</doc>
<doc id="19380593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380593" title="Autonomous University of Zacatecas">
Autonomous University of Zacatecas

The Autonomous University of Zacatecas (in Spanish: Universidad Autónoma de Zacatecas, UAZ) is a Mexican public university based in the city of Zacatecas, Zacatecas, but with several campuses across the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19380601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380601" title="30th Grey Cup">
30th Grey Cup

The 30th Grey Cup was played on December 5, 1942, before 12,455 fans at Varsity Stadium at Toronto.
The Toronto RCAF Hurricanes defeated the Winnipeg RCAF Bombers 8 to 5.

</doc>
<doc id="19380609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380609" title="Camp Hill (British Columbia)">
Camp Hill (British Columbia)

Camp Hill is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene period.

</doc>
<doc id="19380610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380610" title="Gösta Werner">
Gösta Werner

Gösta Werner (May 15, 1908 – July 20, 2009) was a Swedish film director. He was married to Kaj Björkdahl. He primarily made his mark on European cinema during the 1940s. During the 1970s, Werner was first associate professor at Stockholm University, and then later Professor of Cinematography. He was born in Östra Wemmenhög, Skåne, Sweden. Werner turned 101 years old on May 15, 2009.
Werner died in Stockholm on July 20, 2009. He was, at the time of his death, the world's oldest film director. He was 7 months older than the oldest living active film director, Manoel de Oliveira of Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="19380629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380629" title="Dizə, Sharur">
Dizə, Sharur

Dizə is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,758. 

</doc>
<doc id="19380659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380659" title="1985 Chatham Cup">
1985 Chatham Cup

The 1985 Chatham Cup was the 58th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with the National League teams receiving a bye into the Fourth Round (last 32) of the competition. In all, 141 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The 1985 final.
In the final Napier City Rovers beat North Shore United. Underdogs Napier had recently been relegated from the New Zealand National Soccer League and faced a team containing international players Allan Boath and Keith Hobbs. Shore's keeper Allan Gilgrist was also soon to make his international debut. Expectation was that City Rovers would be heavily outclassed. 
Napier defied the odds by dominating the match, going into the lead after just two minutes via a Harry Clarke goal. Paul Halford added a second before half time. Shore scored early in the second half through Barry Weymouth, but Greg Brown sealed the match for Napier in the dying minutes of the match. Napier became the second team (after Western Suburbs in 1971) to be relegated and win the Chatham Cup in the same season.
Jack Batty Memorial Cup.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup, presented to the player of the final, was presented for the first time in 1985. The trophy honours Jack Batty, who was both a member of the crew of HMS "Chatham" and also a three-time medallist in the early days of the tournament with Harbour Board, Tramways, and Tramurewa. The cup was donated by his son, John Batty, who was himself a medallist with Blockhouse Bay in 1970.
The wiinner of the Jack Batty Memorial Cup for 1985 was Greg Brown of Napier City Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="19380661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380661" title="Lou Adler (journalist)">
Lou Adler (journalist)

Lou Adler is an American radio journalist, former director of Quinnipiac University's Ed McMahon Mass Communication Center, and also was Quinnipiac's Fred Friendly-endowed Professor of Broadcast Journalism.
Longtime morning news anchor on WCBS in New York, Adler is credited with popularizing the "talk news radio" format on WCBS during the late 1960s. From 1969 to 1980, Adler also served as WCBS' general manager and/or news director, (sometimes concurrently.)

</doc>
<doc id="19380681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380681" title="Secretary of State of Colorado">
Secretary of State of Colorado

The Secretary of State of Colorado is the secretary of state of the state of Colorado in the United States. The office is one of five elected constitutional offices in the state. The current Secretary of State is Scott Gessler.
The Secretary of State heads the Colorado Department of State, which is composed of five divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="19380683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380683" title="DZLU">
DZLU

DZLU (657 kHz San Fernando) is an AM station of National College of Technology, located at National College of Technology Campus, Brgy. I, San Fernando, La Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19380705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380705" title="Whang Youn Dai Achievement Award">
Whang Youn Dai Achievement Award

The Whang Youn Dai Achievement Award （Chinese Equivalent:顽强拼搏奖）is named after South Korean Dr. Whang Youn Dai, who contracted polio at the age of three. She contributed her life for the development of Paralympic Sport in Korea and around the world. At the 1988 Paralympic Summer Games in Seoul, Korea, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) recognized her lifelong contributions to the Paralympic Movement and established the ‘Whang Youn Dai Achievement Award’ (formerly the ‘Whang Youn Dai Overcome Prize’). Since then, this award has been presented at every Paralympic Games to one male and one female athlete who each "best exemplify the spirit of the Games and inspire and excite the world".
According to the IPC, "the award is for someone who is fair, honest and is uncompromising in his or her values and prioritizes the promotion of the Paralympic Movement above personal recognition." Six finalists, three female and three male, are selected from participants at the Paralympic Games. Two winners are then selected as recipients of the prize and receive a gold medal at the closing ceremonies of the Games. South African sprint runner Oscar Pistorius was nominated for the award in 2012, but did not win. 
Winners.
Summer 2012 London
Winter 2010 Vancouver
Summer 2008 Beijing
Winter 2006 Torino
Summer 2004 Athens
Winter 2002 Salt Lake City
Summer 2000 Sydney
Winter 1998 Negano
Summer 1996 Atlanta
Summer 1992 Barcelona
Summer 1988 Seoul

</doc>
<doc id="19380708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380708" title="Australians Missing in Action in the Vietnam War">
Australians Missing in Action in the Vietnam War

Overview.
No Australian servicemen remain missing in action from the Vietnam War.
At the end of the Vietnam War 6 Australians were among the 2,338 people then listed as missing in action in the Vietnam War. Four Australian army soldiers and two Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) were classified "missing in action" in four separate incidents with all six presumed to have been killed in action. All the remains of the servicemen missing in action have been found as of 30 July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19380730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380730" title="Charles Whitebread">
Charles Whitebread

Charles H. Whitebread (April 2, 1943 – September 16, 2008) was the George T. Pfleger Professor of Law at the University of Southern California Law School. He was an authority on criminal law and criminal procedure, writing and lecturing on those and other subjects throughout the United States.
Early life.
Whitebread was born on April 2, 1943, in Montgomery County, Maryland. He attended Princeton University (1965), where he was an honors graduate, and Yale Law School (1968), where he was an editor for the Yale Law Journal.
Academic career.
After briefly working at Wilmer Cutler & Pickering, he became a professor at the University of Virginia School of Law, where he taught for 13 years, and then moved to the University of Southern California Law School.
Whitebread was also a lecturer in criminal law and criminal procedure for BarBri. He was very popular with BarBri students, who have started Facebook groups in appreciation of his unique and humorous lectures.
It is believed that Whitebread taught more law students than any other professor in the country due to his long service and the nationwide publication of his criminal law and procedure lectures. It is also thought that Whitebread instructed more police officers than any other instructor in modern history through his long years as an instructor at the FBI school at Quantico.
Whitebread gave the keynote speech at the American Psychology and Law Society (APLS) Annual Conference in Jacksonville, Florida on March 6, 2008.
Writings.
Whitebread was a prolific legal writer, who published a dozen books and over 30 law review articles, which includes "Criminal Procedure", "Children in the Legal System", "The Eight Secrets of Top Exam Performance in Law School", and co-authored "The Forbidden Fruit and the Tree of Knowledge: An Inquiry into the Legal History of American Marijuana Prohibition" (http://www.druglibrary.org/schaffer/LIBRARY/studies/vlr/vlrtoc.htm) in the 1970 Virginia Law Review (Vol. 56 OCT. 1970 NUMBER 6) which became the seminal work for "The Marihuana Conviction" originally published in 1974. (http://product.half.ebay.com/The-Marihuana-Conviction-A-History-of-Marihuana-Prohibition-in-the-United-States-by-Richard-J-Bonnie-and-Charles-H-Whitebread-1974-Book-Illustrated/1599039) Dave 09:12, 17 May 2012 (UTC)

</doc>
<doc id="19380760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380760" title="Gülüstan">
Gülüstan

Gülüstan or Gioulistan or Gyulyustan or Gyulistan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19380764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380764" title="Letord Let.1">
Letord Let.1

__NOTOC__
The Letord Let.1 (also spelled Letort in some publications) was a military aircraft produced in France during the First World War, primarily as a long-range reconnaissance aircraft. Later versions, designated Let.2 through Let.7 were used in a variety of roles, including bomber and bomber escort. All were three-bay biplanes of unequal span with prominent and characteristic negative stagger on their wings. They were powered by twin engines mounted on short struts on the lower wing in tractor configuration, and had fixed tailskid undercarriage. Many of the subtypes were also equipped with a nosewheel to protect the aircraft and its crew from "nosing over" accidents while landing. The pilot sat in an open cockpit, with tail gunner in an open position amidships, and a third crewmember in an open position in the nose where he could act as gunner, observer, and bomb-aimer.
Some 1,500 aircraft were ordered by the Aéronautique Militaire between all the variants, with something like 300 actually produced before the end of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19380765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380765" title="Robert W. Wiley">
Robert W. Wiley

Robert W. Wiley is a Republican United States politician from Rockingham County, New Hampshire
Wiley served 2 terms (2002–2006) as a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, where he represented Derry.

</doc>
<doc id="19380766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380766" title="Williams v Carwardine">
Williams v Carwardine

Williams v Carwardine [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWHC/KB/1833/J44.html EWHC KB J44 is an English contract law case which concerns how a contract comes about through the offer of a reward. It also raises interesting questions about the necessity of reliance on an offer in the formation of a contract.
Facts.
Walter Carwardine was murdered in Hereford. The plaintiff, Mrs Williams, gave evidence at the Hereford assizes against two suspects, but did not say all she knew. The suspects were acquitted. On April 25, 1831, the victim's brother and defendant, Mr Carwardine, published a handbill, stating there would be a £20 for...
whoever would give such information as would lead to the discovery of the murder of Walter Carwardine.
In August, 1831, the Mrs Williams gave more information which led to the conviction of two men (including a Mr John Williams, the plaintiff's husband). She claimed the reward. Mr Carwardine refused to pay. At the trial her motives were examined. It was found that she knew about the reward, but that she did not give information specifically to get the reward. It was apparent that after the first murder trial, Mrs Williams had been savagely beaten by Mr Williams.
Judgment.
Nisi prius.
At the trial (nisi prius) Parke J said,
"The motive was the state of her own feelings. My opinion is, the motive is not material."
He held that she was entitled to the reward.
Court of King's Bench.
The Court, consisting of Lord Denman CJ, Littledale J and Patteson J held, that the plaintiff was entitled to recover the £20. The advertisement amounted to a general promise or contract to pay the offered reward to any person who performed the condition mentioned in it, namely, who gave the information.
Two judges clearly stated that motives were irrelevant. Littledale J said, "If the person knows of the handbill and does the thing, that is quite enough." Patteson J said "We cannot go into the plaintiff's motives."

</doc>
<doc id="19380814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380814" title="Battle of Bulltown">
Battle of Bulltown

The Battle of Bulltown was a small skirmish fought during the American Civil War near Bulltown in Braxton County, West Virginia on October 13, 1863.
Background.
In the fall of 1863, William L. "Mudwall" Jackson, the cousin of "Stonewall" Jackson, led a raiding party of 800 men into central West Virginia to capture the strategic "fort" at Bulltown which overlooked an important crossing of the Little Kanawha River. The goal was to cut Federal communications between the Greenbrier and Kanawha Valleys.
The Union garrison of roughly 400 men was commanded by Captain William Mattingly. The Union troops manned a "fort" of makeshift log barricades and shallow trenches which can still be seen today.
Battle.
Jackson approached Bulltown secretly. He divided his forces in an attempt to converge on the Union position from two different directions. The Confederates advanced at 4:30am on October 13. They quickly captured the Federal pickets and would have taken the garrison by surprise but one Confederate, whether due to excitement or nervousness, fired his gun and alerted the Union troops. 
The Confederates advanced against the fort and a drawn out skirmish lasted until about 4:30pm, almost twelve hours after the battle began. Twice, Jackson sent a flag of truce with a demand to surrender to which Captain Mattingly replied "I will fight until Hell freezes over and then fight on the ice."
Jackson eventually retreated back towards the Greenbrier Valley. Casualties were very light considering the length of the battle. On the Union side there were no fatalities. Captain Mattingly was wounded in the thigh and there were some other slight wounds in the Federal camp. The Confederates lost eight killed and a like number wounded.
One civilian, Moses Cunningham, who owned the farm on which the majority of the battle took place, was wounded when he ran out of his house shouting "Hurrah for Jeff Davis."
Aftermath.
The battle was the last significant Confederate offensive in West Virginia and the Confederate goals of disrupting the Federal communications were thwarted.
References.
1. Hardway, Ronald V. "On Our Own Soil: William Lowther Jackson and the Civil War in West Virginia's Mountains" Quarrier Press. October 3, 2003 

</doc>
<doc id="19380832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380832" title="Web-based simulation">
Web-based simulation

Web-based simulation (WBS) is the invocation of computer simulation services over the World Wide Web, specifically through a web browser.
Application.
Web-based simulation is used in several contexts:
Client-side vs server-side approaches.
Web-based simulation can take place either on the server side or on the client side. In "server-side simulation", the numerical calculations and visualization (generation of plots and other computer graphics) is carried out on the web server, while the interactive graphical user interface (GUI) often partly is provided by the client-side, for example using server-side scripting such as PHP or CGI scripts, interactive services based on Ajax or a conventional application software remotely accessed through a VNC Java applet. 
In "client-side simulation", the simulation program is downloaded from the server side but completely executed on the client side, for example using Java applets, Flash animations, JavaScript, or some mathematical software viewer plug-in. Server-side simulation is not scalable for many simultaneous users, but places fewer demands on the user computer performance and web-browser plug-ins than client-side simulation. 
The term on-line simulation sometimes refers to server-side web-based simulation, sometimes to symbiotic simulation, i.e. a simulation that interacts in real-time with a physical system.
The upcoming cloud computing technologies can be used for new server-side simulation approaches. For instance, there are multi-agent simulation applications which are deployed on cloud computing instances and act independently. This allows simulations to be highly scalable.

</doc>
<doc id="19380835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380835" title="Darya Khan, Dera Ghazi Khan">
Darya Khan, Dera Ghazi Khan

Darya Khan is a town in Dera Ghazi Khan District, Punjab, Pakistan. It lies on the east bank of the Indus River.
Its elevation is 165m.

</doc>
<doc id="19380854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380854" title="New South Wales C30T class locomotive">
New South Wales C30T class locomotive

The C30T class was a class of steam locomotives rebuilt from 30 class tank engines by Clyde Engineering and Eveleigh Railway Workshops for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
Following the electrification of the Sydney inner suburban lines from 1926, 77 of the 30 class 4-6-4 tank locomotives were converted to tender type. This was achieved by cutting off the frames at the rear of the cab and removing the side tanks. There was no need to build tenders as there were a number on hand from scrapped locomotives or from locomotives where the original tenders had been replaced, notably 32 and 50 class locomotives.
The first locomotive to be converted was 3088 which was delivered by Clyde Engineering on 22 August 1928. This company delivered a total of 10 conversions, the remainder being carried out at the New South Wales Government Railways' Eveleigh Railway Workshops. All were completed by July 1933.
Between September 1940 to April 1957 28 were fitted with superheaters. This work included fitting new cylinders with piston valves and extended smokeboxes. Most of the 28 superheated C30Ts received riveted on 'drumhead' extensions to their smokeboxes. Some were given entirely new extended smokeboxes fully supported by the frames, giving these few a more modern, purposeful look.
In their heyday, they could be found working almost every light branch line in New South Wales. Even in the very last years of steam power, they could still be found well spread over the state in such places as Temora, Griffith, Cowra, Dubbo and Narrabri West.
The first was withdrawn in December 1958 (3126) with the last (3090) withdrawn in August 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19380872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380872" title="DXBB-FM">
DXBB-FM

Wild FM Butuan is an FM station of UM Broadcasting Network, located at 4th Floor D&V Building, Jose Aquino Avenue, Butuan City. 

</doc>
<doc id="19380898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380898" title="United States Department of Labor Office of Inspector General">
United States Department of Labor Office of Inspector General

The Office of Inspector General (OIG) at the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) conducts audits and evaluations to review the effectiveness, efficiency, economy, and integrity of all DOL programs and operations, including those performed by its contractors and grantees. This work is conducted in order to determine whether: the programs and operations are in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations; DOL resources are efficiently and economically being utilized; and DOL programs achieve their intended results.
In addition, the OIG is unique among Inspectors General because it has an “external” program function to conduct criminal investigations to combat the influence of labor racketeering and organized crime in the nation’s labor unions. The OIG conducts labor racketeering investigations in three areas: employee benefit plans, labor-management relations, and internal union affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19380927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380927" title="La Mesa Prison">
La Mesa Prison

La Mesa Prison is a penitentiary in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, near the Mexico–United States border. It is located in the La Mesa section of the city.
Sister Antonia Brenner, a Catholic nun, lived with the inmates of La Mesa Prison for over thirty years, and was called "La mama" or the "Prison Angel."
September 2008 riots.
In September 2008, there were two riots. The September 13 riot killed 3 inmates which was caused by inmates upset over the death of an inmate in a prison search for drugs and weapons. The September 18 riot killed 19 and injured 12 which was caused by frustration of the inmates not being given any water since the first riot.

</doc>
<doc id="19380931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380931" title="MOHID Land">
MOHID Land

MOHID Land is the hydrology module within the three-dimensional MOHID Water Modelling System. MOHID is an integrated system for water flow, consisting of three main modules: "Water" for three-dimensional fluid dynamics, "Land" for hydrology and "Soil" for groundwater flow. The MOHID Land module is a watershed mathematical model — or hydrological transport model — designed to simulate the flow of water in a drainage basin and aquifer. The processes which are simulated include two-dimensional overland runoff, infiltration into the ground, one-dimensional drainage network flow through rivers and canals, as well as (saturated and unsaturated) porous medium transport. The interactions between the different processes (like water exchange between aquifer and river) are calculated dynamically by the model, using the hydraulic gradients. The different processes occurring in a basin are programmed in different modules. The user can choose which modules to activate, allowing simulation of the desired ones only.
MOHID Land was developed within the framework of three EU-funded projects: EcoRiver, TempQsim and ICReW for the simulation of water flow in watersheds with pathways for river and groundwater flow. The porous media module was developed in close collaboration with soil scientists from EAN-INIA (Portuguese National Agronomic Station). Recently the ESA financed Aquapath-Soil project to apply mohid land to support irrigation using Satellite LAI as input to the model, obtaining maps of Actual Evapotranspiration. Example of map obtained can be seen in Google Maps (see map).
Dynamical time step adaptation.
MOHID Land uses an adaptive time-stepping method in its main hydrodynamic cycle. Within an iterative cycle, if the water volume — of reach or overland flow or porous media — varies more than a user defined percentage during two consecutive time steps, the model automatically decreases the time step. Thereafter the model recalculates the current solution with a smaller time step for the affected process (reach or overland flow or porous media). This process is repeated until the volume variation is less than the user defined value mentioned above. The time step dynamically increases again when the model verifies that flow is “stable”. For example within the module "Drainage Network" the time step may be reduced to very short intervals during flush events.
This procedure avoids the occurrence of negative volumes and optimizes the time it takes to make a certain simulation, without compromising model stability. Time steps of the processes — computed in the different sub-models — can be chosen differently, adding more to the optimization of the computational cost.
GIS Model Interfaces.
You can download interfaces to prepare inputs and to analyse model results. Presently available two options:
Source code.
The latest source code of the model can be downloaded from Codeplex (Mohid Land in CodePlex). Just click on the download link, no need to register. For advanced users you can download the entire solution ready to compile.
Other users can just browse around the code of each module to check out equations. In the links below you can go directly to the version from 4 Feb 2011 and see code in html:

</doc>
<doc id="19380952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380952" title="Orinoka Mills Corporation">
Orinoka Mills Corporation

Orinoka Mills Corporation, formerly B. L. Solomon's Sons was a major quality textile company located at 2753 Ruth Street in the Kensington section of Philadelphia, originally with offices at 1200 Chestnut Street in downtown Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was built in the 1880s by the Solomon Brothers.
Production.
Orinoka initially produced silk and curtain materials, but, in 1898 the firm placed its emphasis on furniture coverings (upholstery). The firm had approximately 300 looms running, when it was decided, in the 1930s, to move its upholstery operations to York, Pennsylvania, and locations in the southern United States. However it retained its offices in Kensington for administrative purposes and for special processes.
Purchased in the 1980s.
Orinoka Mills was purchased by Lantal Textiles, Inc. in the mid-1980s. Through the purchase Lantal acquired the extensive and valuable library of Orinoka's fabric documents.
Kensington buildings.
The site is currently vacant.
Retained quality.
The quality of textiles produced by firm are such that surviving Orinoka Mills items are still traded in the marketplace, such as on eBay and other websites.
Orinoka literature.
A number of sales and style bulletins published in New York City by Orinoka still appear on the market, such as:
New York offices.
Orinoka Mills maintained offices at 149 Clarendon Building, New York City, and at 350 N. Orleans Street, Chicago, Illinois.
Legacy.
Their work is held in the collection of the Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19380959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380959" title="Leah Gilliam">
Leah Gilliam

Leah Gilliam is an American filmmaker and media artist who deals with issues of race, gender, and sexual orientation in her art. Gilliam was the Director of Projects and Community Catalyst at gamelab's Institute of Play and a visiting faculty member at the Vermont College of Fine Arts.
Early life and education.
Leah Gilliam was born in 1967 in Washington, DC. The daughter of Sam Gilliam, an abstract painter, and Dorothy Butler Gilliam, the first black woman reporter for "The Washington Post", she grew up with parents who were instrumental in exposing her to cultural production early on in life. She attended Brown University, where she studied Modern Culture and Media. Gilliam graduated with her B.A. in 1989. She received her M.F.A. in 1992 from the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee studying Film and Twentieth Century Studies. She has also been studying at NYU from 2006 to 2008. Since receiving her Masters in Professional Studies in Interactive Communication from NYU, Leah Gilliam has had a number of academic and design lab appointments.
Teaching positions.
Gilliam was already lecturing in the Film Department of the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee from 1991–1992, the year that preceded her competition of her M.F.A.. In 1993, Gilliam took a position as the Visiting Artist in Video at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. She became an Adjunct Professor for Video there in 1995. Remaining there only a year, Gilliam left to become an Assistant Professor in the Film and Electronics department at Bard College. In 2002, she received a position as an Associate Professor and stayed on at Bard College until September 2007. During her time at Bard College, She served as Faculty for the Bard M.F.A. Program and Director of the Integrated Arts Program, and as Chair of Division of the Arts. Despite her absence from Bard's faculty roster, Leah Gilliam still appears on the college's main site in a rotating photo roster of select faculty and students.
Art.
"Leah Gilliam's work examines how knowledge is produced and coded and how the conscious reorientation of cultural texts challenges their implications and constructions. In practice, she appropriates texts and uses them as a springboard to interpret larger issues of race, gender and sexual orientation."
Gilliam's work often focuses on technology and obsolescence. This preoccupation surfaces in many of her works. Her contributions to the "BitStreams" digital show at the Whitney Museum of American Art in 2001 were ancient Mac computers displaying fragments of old Super-8 movie trailers. Her 1998 CD-ROM "Split: Whiteness, Retrofuturism, Omega Man" worked with an 8 mm film trailer for "Planet of the Apes" and was described as a work that "obsessively looks back at outmoded media technologies." Another piece dealing heavily with the ideas of obsolescence, technology, and the reorientation of cultural texts, Gilliam's work "Agenda for a Landscape" received a great deal of attention during its stay from July 12 through September 22, 2002 at the New Museum of Contemporary Art.
Agenda for a Landscape.
This solo exhibition was organized by Mark Tribe with Anne Ellegood, the Associate Curator for the New Museum of Contemporary Art. "The installation consisted of a pseudo abandoned NASA command center with computer manipulated footage of Mars, obtained by Sojourner Rover[...] in NASA's 1997 Mars Pathfinder mission, combined with Gilliam's own video work and other found imagery." Some of the footage that is interspersed with the original Rover footage is digitally processed footage taken by Gilliam of the Hudson River, forging a connection between two radically different landscapes. Gilliam draws away from the idea of landscape art as the territory of painters and suggests that a new genre of landscape art arises in the response to the "impact of new media on cultural representation." An offshoot DVD was created by Gilliam, entitled "Springtime for Mars", providing a story about what happened to the Sojourner rover after it lost contact with us on 24 September 1997. In "Springtime for Mars" a young female hacker is able to reestablish contact with the rover and the story comes "full circle within the increasing reverberations of diaspora and legacy."

</doc>
<doc id="19380962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380962" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T42">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T42

The Men's 100m T42 had its Final held on September 14 at 11:00.

</doc>
<doc id="19380976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380976" title="August von Bethmann-Hollweg">
August von Bethmann-Hollweg

Moritz August von Bethmann-Hollweg (born 8 April 1795 in Frankfurt am Main, died 14 July 1877 on Rheineck castle near Niederbreisig on the Rhine) was a German jurist and Prussian politician.
Life.
Bethmann-Hollweg was born in Frankfurt am Main as the son of the banker Johann Jakob Bethmann-Hollweg and Susanne Elisabeth Bethmann. As a child he was tutored by Carl Ritter and Georg Friedrich Grotefend.
Later he studied at Göttingen University, and then Frederick William University in Berlin, where he was especially influenced by Friedrich Karl von Savigny. While still a student, he participated in the deciphering of the Veronese jurist Gaius discovered by Niebuhr.
On New Year's Eve, 1817, he was transformed by a conversion experience into a born-again Christian. In the Christlich-deutsche Tischgesellschaft of Adolf von Thadden-Trieglaff, an exclusive society restricted to ethnic German Christians from birth, he met the brothers Leopold, Ernst Ludwig and Otto von Gerlach as well as Ernst Senfft von Pilsach and conversed with the Crown Prince, who would later, as king, elevate him to nobility. In 1819 he attained his habilitation in Berlin and became a tenured professor there in 1823; from 1827 to 1828 he also served briefly as Rektor of his alma mater. He specialized in the history of civil legal procedure and made many pioneering contributions demonstrating a deep grasp of his subject and an independence from received doctrine, and showing the value of the historical viewpoint. He had an ongoing concern to reconcile his religious convictions with the rest of his life. He stayed away from politics and was repelled by the persecution of the so-called demagogues. 
From 1829 he taught at Bonn University. The beneficial influences of this small community permitted him to reconcile his religious and professional lives and understand the moral foundations of the law. In 1840, on the death of Frederick William III, who had much appreciated his work, he was elevated to the hereditary nobility. In 1842, he was appointed as the government authority () at Bonn and as university trustee. Now his primary concern became the welfare of the university. This represented a departure from his life of academic research, and gave him more access to the government in Berlin, and he turned his attention more to religious and political developments. In 1845 he was appointed to the Prussian council of state. In 1848, as a result of the dissolution of the Prussian ministry, he gave up his university offices.
The frightfulness of the 1848 revolution, and the moral damage it revealed in many areas, decided von Bethmann-Hollweg for devoting himself to the moral and political well-being of the country. He was much opposed to the democratizing tendencies of the time, though still repelled by the reactionary elements. In 1848 he founded the Deutscher Evangelischer Kirchentag and served as its president or co-president until 1872. In addition he served as president of the Inner Mission (Germany) founded by Johann Hinrich Wichern. Within the ambit of the Frankfurt Parliament he struck a friendship with Dietrich Wilhelm Landfermann. Like the latter he tried to maintain a centrist political position: von Bethmann-Hollweg's aim, which he also publicized from 1852 onward in the "Wochenblatt" together with "Graf von der Goltz", was to argue for a controlled expansion of a constitutional state in a conservative-liberal framework.
From 1849 to 1855 he served as a deputy in Prussia's first and second houses of parliament, apart from a few brief interruptions. Notwithstanding its small size, his faction was significant through its political integrity and intellectual prominence. From 1858 (advent of the regency of Wilhelm I) to 1862 (advent of Bismarck's ministry) von Bethmann-Hollweg served as the Prussian minister of education, culture and medicine. After his retirement he wrote the book for which he became chiefly known, "Der Civilprozeß des Gemeinen Rechts in geschichtlicher Entwicklung" (Civil Procedure in Common Law, A Historical Overview).
Legacy.
As a writer on jurisprudence he had a deep influence in the reforms of the German laws following the enactment of the German Civil Code in 1896.
Family.
He is a grandfather of Theobald von Bethmann-Hollweg who served as Chancellor of Germany from 1909 to 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="19380984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380984" title="Idangai">
Idangai

Idangai or the left hand is a caste-based division of communities in South India that was in vogue from ancient times right up to the 19th and even the early decades of the 20th century AD. Since India's independence, the differences have practically vanished. The corresponding division is Valangai.
Constituent castes.
From ancient times, there was intense rivalry between the left-handed and right-handed factions. The "Idangai" faction was numerically inferior to the "Valangai" and comprised six castes as opposed to the sixty of the "Valangai". It was also unclear as to which castes constituted each faction. Some castes considered to be left-handed in some areas were regarded as right-handed in others and vice versa. Roughly speaking,the "Valangai" or right-handed faction was made up of castes with an agricultural basis while the "Idangai" was made of metal workers, weavers, etc. i.e. castes involved in manufacturing.
The "Valangai" faction was better organized, politically, than the "Idangai".
Schoebel, in his book "History of the Origin and Development of Indian Castes" published in 1884, spoke of Tamil Brahmins as "Mahajanam" and regarded them as outside the dual left and right-hand caste divisions of Tamil Nadu.
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19380991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19380991" title="Launceston Aquatic">
Launceston Aquatic

Launceston Aquatic a double storey structure built at the old Windmill Hill Swimming Pool site in Launceston, Tasmania. The centre was opened on 25 May 2009, at a cost of A$26.3 million. The Launceston City Council estimates that 400,000 people would visit each year after the establishment period. 
The Aquatic Centre includes an indoor aquatic pool area, which contains a 50 metre competition pool, spectator seating, leisure and learn to swim pools, children's play and splash park, hot water program pool, and a spa. An outdoor 25 metre pool contains a diving tank, beach entry and Water Slide. The outdoor pools are open from the first weekend in November to the last weekend in March.
Other facilities included are indoor program and meeting Spaces, a cafe called Cube Aqua with wet lounge areas, swim shop, outdoor terraces and social areas, associated plant rooms and storage areas and on-site and on street car parking with outdoor landscaped areas.
The new building area will span approximately 6,000 m² and around 450 m² of the existing Windmill Hill Swimming Pool will be renovated.

</doc>
<doc id="19381009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381009" title="Sword of Chaos">
Sword of Chaos

Sword of Chaos and Other Stories is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books in April, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19381010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381010" title="Milton V. Backman">
Milton V. Backman

Milton Vaughn Backman, Jr. (born 1927) is a historian of American religions with particular emphasis on the early history of the Latter Day Saint movement.
Biography.
Backman was a professor of Church History at Brigham Young University. 
Backman is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and has served in various positions in the church, often related to teaching and welfare. He has served as a member of a bishopric and on a stake high council.
As a young man, Backman served as a Mormon missionary in South Africa. 
Writings.
Backman has also compiled a collection of diaries and biographies of people who knew Joseph Smith with the assistance of Keith W. Perkins.

</doc>
<doc id="19381032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381032" title="Utricularia malabarica">
Utricularia malabarica

Utricularia malabarica is a small annual carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus "Utricularia". It is endemic to southern India and has been collected from the Kasaragod district. "U. malabarica" grows over wet rocks or lateritic soils in the presence of "Eriocaulon" species and grasses. It was originally collected by M. K. Janarthanam in 1985 and was formally described by Janarthanam and Ambrose Nathaniel Henry in 1989. It is most closely related to "U. lazulina".

</doc>
<doc id="19381055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381055" title="Utsusivik Island">
Utsusivik Island

Utsusivik Island is an uninhabited Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It lies in Cumberland Sound, approximately from Robert Peel Inlet

</doc>
<doc id="19381064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381064" title="Autonomous University of Tlaxcala">
Autonomous University of Tlaxcala

The Autonomous University of Tlaxcala (in Spanish: Universidad Autónoma de Tlaxcala, UATX) is a Mexican public university based in the state of Tlaxcala.

</doc>
<doc id="19381070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381070" title="Zamoyski Code">
Zamoyski Code

Zamoyski Code ( or "Zbiór praw sądowych na mocy konstytucji roku 1776 przez J.W. Andrzeja Zamoyskiego ekskanclerza koronnego ułożony..." of court laws requested by constitution of 1776 designed by former chancellor Andrzej Zamoyski) was a major, progressive legislation, proposed by Andrzej Zamoyski, Grand Chancellors of the Crown of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, in 1776. This legislation was an attempt of codification of the previously uncodified law of the Commonwealth. It was opposed by several conservative and foreign factions and eventually rejected by the sejm of 1780.
History.
In 1776, the Sejm of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, on the initiative of the Polish king Stanisław August Poniatowski, commissioned former Grand Chancellor of the Crown, Andrzej Zamoyski, to draft a new legal code. A commission, headed by Zamoyski, and including other notable members, such as Józef Wybicki and Joachim Chreptowicz, was created. By 1778, under Zamoyski's direction, a code ("Zbiór praw sądowych", also known from his name as "Zamoyski's Code") had been produced and published in print.
The code would have strengthened royal power, made all officials answerable to the Sejm, placed the clergy and their finances under state supervision, gave more privileges to the townsfolk, reduced serfdom, and deprived landless szlachta of many of their legal immunities. 
Opposition.
Zamoyski Code was opposed by several factions. Internally, conservative szlachta were afraid that the Code would strengthen the power of the Polish king and the government and replace the anarchy-like Golden Freedoms with absolutist rule. Representatives of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania were afraid that it would weaken the Duchy's autonomy, part of which was entailed a semi-separate legal system (the code would replace the Third Lithuanian Statue). These sentiments were used by two foreign powers, which did not want to see the Code passed for their own separate reasons: the Vatican (Holy See) opposed the Code, as it limited ecclesiastical law throughout the Commonwealth, replacing it with secular law; Russian Empire saw the Code as going to far in reforming and strengthening the inefficient and Russia-dependent Polish governance. Working together, in an unlikely alliance between the Roman Catholic Church and Orthodox Russia, papal nuncio Giovanni Andrea Archetti and Russian ambassador Otto Magnus von Stackelberg jointly bribed deputies to the Polish Sejm in exchange for their opposition to the Code.
Foreign influence, which secretly fueled the already existing internal opposition, ensured the Code was initially postponed (it was first to be presented to the Sejm in 1778) and then defeated during the Sejm in 1780.
Legacy.
Zamoyski Code was one of the series of proposed progressive reforms, which would culminate in the Constitution of 3 May, 1791. The constitution had a provision that the law was to be codified, and the new codification project, Poniatowski Code (named after King Poniatowski), drew much inspiration from the Zamoyski Code.

</doc>
<doc id="19381086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381086" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T44">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 100 metres T44

The Men's 100m T44 had its first round held on September 8 at 20:22 and the Final on September 9 at 17:52.

</doc>
