<doc id="19272183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272183" title="M/M Paris">
M/M Paris

M/M (Paris) is an art and design partnership consisting of Mathias Augustyniak (born 1967, Cavaillon) and Michael Amzalag (born 1968, Paris), established in Paris in 1992.
M/M are best known for their art direction and collaborations with musicians (Björk, Madonna, Benjamin Biolay, Etienne Daho, Jean-Louis Murat, Mew, Kanye West); fashion designers (Nicolas Ghesquière, Yohji Yamamoto, Jil Sander, Calvin Klein, Stella McCartney, Riccardo Tisci); magazines (Les Inrockuptibles, Documents sur l'art, Vogue Paris, Purple Fashion, Man About Town:; contemporary artists (Pierre Huyghe, Philippe Parreno, Inez van Lamsweerde & Vinoodh Matadin, Liam Gillick, Sarah Morris, George Condo).
Biography.
Amzalag and Augustyniak met as students at the Ecole Nationale Superieure des Arts Decoratifs in Paris 1988. Amzalag quit school in 1990, and started working as art director at the music magazine Les Inrockuptibles. Augustyniak continued to study at the Royal College of Art in London, from which he graduated in 1991. Since neither of them were interested in interning or working for an agency or a company, they decided to work together, and founded M/M (Paris) in 1992.
Initially, they worked mainly for the music industry, designing record sleeves, but soon they start working within the worlds of fashion and art. Their first fashion assignment was to design the worldwide launch of Yohji Yamamoto’s Y’s range in 1993. Next, they designed campaigns for Jil Sander and graphics for Martine Sitbon.
In 1995 they met photographers Inez van Lamsweerde & Vinoodh Matadin, and began a long collaboration starting with a campaign for Thierry Mugler in 1995. They created iconic works for Yohji Yamamoto, Balenciaga, Givenchy, Calvin Klein, Björk’s sleeves and the video for "Hidden Place", and more art-oriented works such as "The Alphabet" (2001), and "The Alphamen" (2003), two projects based on creating typography out of portraits of models, which were published in "V magazine". Many of the posters M/M designed with van Lamsweerde & Matadin are manipulated or drawn-upon photographs (see e.g. their poster series "Punctuation" from 2010, or the poster "Balenciaga (Delfine)"). The purpose of this method is to accentuate hidden aspects of the photograph.
In 2001 they were appointed as art directors and creative consultants to the French edition of Vogue by Carine Roitfeld, until their position was taken over by Fabien Baron in 2003.
Between 1997 and 2001 M/M worked as visiting professors at the École cantonale d'art de Lausanne (ECAL) in Lausanne, Switzerland, holding several student workshops, including the exploration of fashion and identity in "Milneufcentseptantesix - Ready made characters for our generation" with van Lamsweerde & Matadin, which was exhibited at Espace Lausannois d'Art Contemporain in 2001.
In 2000 M/M collaborated with artists Pierre Huyghe and Philippe Parreno on the "No Ghost Just A Shell" project, and worked again together in 2002 designing the interior of "Café Etienne Marcel" in Paris.
In 2004 they designed the sets for Éric Vigner staging of the baroque opera Antigona by Tomasso Traetta, out of which they directed the short movie "Antigone Under Hypnosis".
Since 2006, and the "re-birth" of Purple Fashion, they have acted as creative consultants for the magazine and redesigned its visual structure. Issue 10 dated fall/winter 08/09 features an in-depth interview with them by Olivier Zahm.
Between 2007 to 2009, they worked as creative directors of Arena Homme +, "the world's leading men's fashion magazine".
In January 2008, the Centre Pompidou host their first museum retrospective in a show called "Vision Tenace" and arranged around the presentation of their "Art Posters" series of on-going collaborations with contemporary artists and institutions.
In January 2009, they were appointed as creative directors of Interview Magazine, succeeding Fabien Baron, who unexpectedly left soon after relaunching the magazine. Five months later, in June 2009, they stopped working after Brant Publications, Interview Magazine parent company allegedly in turmoil, failed to pay their fees and expenses for over 3 months.
In October 2009, Taschen released "Stanley Kubrick's Napoleon: The Greatest Movie Never Made" which M/M had developed for over 2 years, designing a matruschka-like carved-out book containing 10 smaller volumes presenting segments of the research and pre-production of the movie that was never completed.
In September 2010, they released in collaboration with Swedish brand Byredo their first eau-de-parfum fragrance "M/MINK", inspired by the smell of solid Asian ink they regularly use across their designs. In order to achieve this smell, they chose three pictures concerning ink to Ben Gorham, the head of Byredo, so that he can get an idea of how Augustyniak and Amzalag want the eau-de-parfum to smell like.
In October 2012, Thames & Hudson published "M to M of M/M (Paris)", a 528-pages monograph about their work, edited by Emily King, designed by Graphic Thought Facility, with a foreword by Hans Ulrich Obrist.,
Exhibitions.
Since 1996 they have extended their practice through art exhibitions; and have been featured in numerous group shows Palais de Tokyo (Paris), Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum (New York) and Centre Pompidou (Paris). As artists, they are currently represented by Air de Paris in Paris.
List of monographic exhibitions:
2011
"Un grand serpent chromé", Les Silos, Chaumont
2009
"Un mot d'amour dans une chambre d'écho", Akbank Sanat, Istambul
2008
"Vision tenace", Centre Pompidou, Paris
"Just Like An Ant Walking On The Edge Of The Visible" (catalogue available); Drawing Center, New York
"L’Île au Trésor", Galerie Air de Paris, Paris
"The Theatre Posters" (catalogue available); ggg — Ginza Graphic Gallery, Tokyo
2006
"Antigone Under Hypnosis", Paris Calling, V&A, London
"Haunch of Venison/Venison of Haunch", (catalogue available); Haunch of Venison, London
2005
"Utopia of Flows"; Air de Paris/Art Positions, Art Basel, Miami Beach
"Zugabe!"; Kunstverein, Frankfurt
2004
"Antigula" (catalogue available); Ursula Blicke Foundation, Kraichtal
"Antigone in Asia"; Rocket Gallery, Tokyo
"Antigone en Yvelines"; cneai, Chatou
2003
"Nine Posters and a Wallpaper"; Le Rectangle, Lyon
"Icônes, Indices, Symboles" (catalogue available); Festival de Chaumont, Chapelle des Jesuites, Chaumont
"M/M goes to Tokyo"; Rocket Gallery, Tokyo
1999
"M/M"; Y-1, Stockholm.
1996
"M/M, une exposition"; Le Consortium, Dijon.
Style.
M/M were initially influenced by post punk aesthetics as well as the strict Swiss school of graphic design and the more emotional and sensitive Polish school. Although highly visual, expressive and fashionable, they have an intellectual approach to design. M/M’s most well known designs are handdrawn; illustrative and expressive, often applied at, and integrated in, photographs (so called "dessin dans l’image", or "drawings in the picture"); first introduced to the public in the Yohji Yamamoto Spring/Summer 1999 catalogue.
Public collections.
Their work is featured in the following public collections:
- Bibliothèque Nationale de France, Réserve des livres rares/Collection des estampes, Paris
- Centre National des Arts Plastiques, Paris
- Centre Pompidou, Musée National d'Art Moderne, Paris
- Cneai (Centre National de l'Estampe et de l'Art Imprimé), Chatou
- Design Museum, London
- Fonds national d’art contemporain, Paris
- Guan Shan Yue Art Museum, Shenzhen
- Maison du livre et de l’affiche, Chaumont
- Miami Museum of Contemporary Art, Miami
- Museum für Gestaltung, Zürich
- MMK, Frankfurt-am-Main
- Musée d’art moderne de la ville de Paris, Paris
- Musée National d'Art Moderne, Centre Pompidou, Paris
- Queensland Gallery of Modern Art, Queensland
- Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam
- Tate Modern, London
- Vanabbemuseum, Eindhoven

</doc>
<doc id="19272197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272197" title="Jamie Mulgrew">
Jamie Mulgrew

Jamie Mulgrew (born 5 June 1986) is a professional footballer from Northern Ireland currently playing for Linfield of the NIFL Premiership and who has been capped by Northern Ireland.
Club career.
Mulgrew began his career with Glentoran making his debut with the first team during the 2004–05 season. In 2005, he moved to Glentoran's rivals Linfield and quickly became a fixture with the first team squad. He was named as Linfield's Player of the Season for 2010 and as of the end of the 2008–09 season had appeared 144 times for the club in all competitions, having scored 16 goals. 
It was reported by the "Belfast Telegraph" on 8 February 2011 that Scottish Premier League clubs Kilmarnock and Hibernian, along with Major League Soccer club Portland Timbers, were interested in signing Mulgrew on a Bosman free transfer when his contract expires in the summer.
In 2011, Mulgrew had trials with Major League Soccer sides Columbus Crew and Portland Timbers.
International career.
He has been capped at the Under-21 level for his country, playing against Moldova in a UEFA Under 21 European Championship qualifying match.
He made his full debut for Northern Ireland on 26 May 2010 against Turkey in a friendly.

</doc>
<doc id="19272220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272220" title="International Federation of Rabbis">
International Federation of Rabbis

The International Federation of Rabbis (IFR) was founded in 2000 as a non-denominational organization for Jewish rabbis of all backgrounds. It aims to provide a forum to explore Judaism's response to the changing needs of the modern era.
Conferences.
IFR hosts a biyearly conference for its members at which various topics in Jewish pastoral care and Torah scholarship are discussed.<ref name="intfedrabbis.org/about.htm"/>

</doc>
<doc id="19272225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272225" title="City Parochial Foundation">
City Parochial Foundation

City Parochial Foundation (CPF), which in 2010 changed its name to Trust for London, is an independent charitable foundation established in 1891. It aims to tackle poverty and inequality in London and its root causes.
It achieves its aims by funding charitable work. It makes grants totalling around £7 million per annum. As an independent funder it is particularly interested in work which is viewed as challenging. One of its long standing principles is to support activities which government will not or is unlikely to fund. 
History.
On 10 August 1878 a Royal Commission was established to investigate the parochial charities. It reported on 12 March 1880, which led to the City of London Parochial Charities Act 1883. This provided that the five largest parishes should continue to administer their own charitable endowments, but that the charities of the remaining 107 parishes (consisting of about 1,400 separate charitable gifts and bequests stretching back over 400 years) should be administered by a new corporate body officially called the Trustees of the London Parochial Charities. For most of its history it was known as City Parochial Foundation but since 2010 has been known as Trust for London.
A Central Governing Body (CGB) was established for the Trustees, consisting of 21 members, nominated by the Crown, the Corporation of the City of London, the London County Council, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, the Senate of the University of London, the Councils of University College, London and King's College, London, the Council of the City and Guilds of London Institute, and the Governing Bodies of the Bishopsgate Foundation and the Cripplegate Foundation. There are now 17 members, mostly now nominated by the Trust itself, although some members are still nominated by London Councils, the Greater London Authority, the Church Commissioners, and the Corporation of the City of London.
The Trust assumed trusteeship of the City Church Fund, which held the ecclesiastical endowments. In 1899, it also assumed trusteeship of the Chelsea Physic Garden, which it held until 1983. In 1933, it also took over the People's Palace and Four Boroughs' Fund, in 1957 the new Sion Hospital (London) Charity, in 1966 the Whitley House Charity, and in 1982 the Ratcliff Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="19272239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272239" title="Ivan Gontsa">
Ivan Gontsa

Ivan Gontsa (born 22 October 1978 in Chişinău) is a Moldovan light middleweight boxer based in Chişinău. His record stands at 17 wins, 2 losses and 2 draws after 17 bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19272242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272242" title="Boloria eunomia">
Boloria eunomia

The Bog Fritillary or Ocellate Bog Fritillary ("Boloria eunomia") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. 
Description.
The wings are orange-brown with dark markings. The color of the hindwings are orangish-brown with a tan postmedian band followed by a row of round silver spots. The length of the forewings is 20–24 mm. The butterfly may be threatened by bog hydrology. The males search for females in wet areas. The butterfly has the subspecies "triclaris" (from Newfoundland to Alberta), "nichollae" (Alberta), and "denali" (Alaska and northern Yukon). The butterfly flies close to the ground. The species is listed as vulnerable. They eat nectar from flowers including "Labrador tea" and "goldenrod". The species flies from the end of May till the beginning of August. The butterfly can be identified form similar species by looking on the hindwing underside; this species is the only one with a row of silvery submarginal spots.
Habitat.
It is found throughout the north-temperate region of the Northern Hemisphere including the Balkan Mountains of Bulgaria and one isolated population in Serbia. The species is not mentioned in the Red Data Book of Serbian butterflies because it was not known to be in the country at the time of it being published. The species is commonly found in open acid bogs in areas that are moist. It can also be found in moist tundra and willow seeps.
Caterpillars.
The eggs are laid in groups of 2 to 4 under the host plant leaves. When the eggs hatch in 7 to 8 days and after hatching, they feed on the underside of the leaves on the host plant. Caterpillars in Colorado and Wyoming are reddish-brown with red spines, with third or fourth instars hibernating. The caterpillars feed on "Viola" species and willows. The caterpillars can be found from April to June. The caterpillars are silver-gray with white dots.
Behavior.
Mating System and Migration.
"Proclossiana eunomia" exhibits a polygynous mating system which is quite common in butterflies with short breeding periods. With breeding periods of 5 and 7 respectively for males and females, there is little time to maximize matings. The butterfly "Proclossiana eunomia" wants to pass on as many genes as it can in its short lifespan and thus males do not discriminate, trying to court all females they encounter. On the other hand, females are a bit more selective and have been observed to refuse incoming males either by displaying a mate-refusal posture or by simply fleeing away.
This pattern of mating affects the migratory behavior of Proclossiana eunomia. This physical moving of individual of a species is dependent on the density of the population. At high male densities females are harassed by willing males, resulting in female-biased emigration where females leave the imminent area. At low male densities, females are not bothered and are safe to stay in their local environment. In addition, at low female densities males might begin to emigrate out of the area in search for new unmated females whereas at high female density males already enjoy a wide selection of females without a need to migrate. The polygynous mating system of the Bog Fritillary whereby males freely pursue females induces a change in migratory behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19272261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272261" title="Chacarita">
Chacarita


</doc>
<doc id="19272271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272271" title="Weapon of Choice (band)">
Weapon of Choice (band)

Weapon of Choice is a band from Los Angeles fronted by bass player Lonnie Marshall. They play a mixture of rock, alternative, funk, hip hop, jazz and reggae called Nutmeg, a term created by Marshall. Others refer to their music as P-Funk style music.
The band was created after the breakup of Marshalls previous band, Marshall Law (which included his brother Arik Marshall, short term member of Red Hot Chili Peppers). The band signed with Stone Gossard's record label Loosegroove after he saw a video for Marshall Law's "Uppity Yuppity". The band went to Seattle and recorded their first album "Nut-Meg Sez "Bozo the Town"" which was released in 1994. They released two more albums with Loosegroove, "Highperspice" in 1996 and "Nutmeg Phantasy" in 1998. The later record was compilation released as benefit album for musical instruments in schools. When Loosegrove folded Weapon of Choice were left without a record company.
In 2002 they released "Illoominutty" (recorded in 1997) on Fishbone's independent label Nuttsactor 5. In 2004 Funk To The Max and Ter a Terre put out another compilation album "Color Me Funky".
Members.
Lonnie "Meganut" Marshall (bass/lead vocals)<br>
Spankie (vocals, bellydance/hiptonite)<br>
Marc Rey (guitar)<br>
Lamont Sydnor (drums)<br>
Elizabeth Lea (trombone, vocals)<br>
John Kirby (keys, talkbox)
Discography.
Albums
DVD

</doc>
<doc id="19272280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272280" title="Bibi Pur">
Bibi Pur

Bibi Pur is a town and union council of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
It is located at 30°54'41N 73°28'20E and has an altitude of 159 metres (541 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19272297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272297" title="Boloria titania">
Boloria titania

The Titania's Fritillary or Purple Bog Fritillary ("Boloria titania") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family, Heliconiinae subfamily.
Description.
The adult is a small fritillary with typically chequered orange-brown upperside and a marginal row of triangles and dots. The length of the forewings is 21–23 mm. 
The underside has brown pearly spots and triangular markings at the edge of the hindwings. The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Viola" species, 
"Vaccinium uliginosum", "Bistorta major", "Filipendula ulmaria" and "Trollius asiaticus".
Distribution.
This species is present in the Palearctic ecozone.

</doc>
<doc id="19272323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272323" title="Gerry Taylor">
Gerry Taylor

Gerald William "Gerry" Taylor (born 15 August 1947) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a defender for Wolverhampton Wanderers, where he spent the majority of his playing career, and Swindon Town, and in the United Soccer Association league for the Los Angeles Wolves.
Career.
Taylor was born in Hull, and began his football career at Wath Wanderers, the Yorkshire-based nursery club of Wolverhampton Wanderers, before heading south to join them. After proving himself in the reserve ranks, he progressed to making his first team debut on 31 December 1966 in a goalless draw with Ipswich Town in the Second Division. He remained in the team for the remainder of the 1966–67 season as the club won promotion to the First Division, and was part of the squad that won the United Soccer Association league that summer under the Los Angeles Wolves guise.
The defender was often reserve to players such as Joe Wilson, Bobby Thomson, Bernard Shaw and Derek Parkin in the Wolves defence over his career, but played in both legs of the 1972 UEFA Cup Final. With fewer opportunities in his latter years with the club, he spent time on loan at Swindon Town in 1975.
After 192 appearances in total for Wolves, he retired from the professional game in 1976. He spent 26 years in the police force, and then worked at the RAF Museum in Cosford.

</doc>
<doc id="19272325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272325" title="Podokkhep">
Podokkhep

Podokkhep ( "Footstep") is a 2006 Bengali film by Suman Ghosh.
Plot.
At the end, the only love which lasts is the love that has accepted everything, every disappointment, every failure and every betrayal, which has accepted even the sad fact that in the end there is no desire as deep as the simple desire for companionship." 
Inspired by this Graham Greene quote, "Podokkhep" is the story of an unusual bond between a retired man and a 5 year old girl where he rediscovers life in his twilight years through this friendship.
Awards.
2006 National Film Awards (India)

</doc>
<doc id="19272376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272376" title="Brenthis daphne">
Brenthis daphne

The Marbled Fritillary "(Brenthis daphne)" is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
Description.
The length of the forewings is 21–26 mm. The butterfly flies from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Rubus and Filipendula species.
Distribution.
It is found in the Palearctic ecozone, for Europe the range is limited to the Southern parts of the continent.

</doc>
<doc id="19272384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272384" title="Lonnie Marshall">
Lonnie Marshall

Lonnie "Meganut" Marshall is a bass player, singer and songwriter from Los Angeles. He is best known as the frontman and founder of Weapon of Choice, and is the inventor of the Nutmeg Potty Plunger.
Early life.
Marshall is the second of five children born to an African-American father and a Jewish mother. He grew up and attended school in South Central Los Angeles, graduating from Mid City Alternative Magnet School. While in school, Marshall was exposed to P-Funk through a classmate whose father worked for Parliament / Funkadelic. That connection allowed Marshall and his brother Arik to experience the original P-Funk up close and proved to be a highly influential event in his life, inspiring him to pursue a career in music and to create his own brand of funk music which he calls Nutmeg.
He briefly attended Los Angeles City College after high school, majoring in Music, and worked for a short time as a walking messenger for downtown Los Angeles law firms.
He got his start in music by joining the bands Accent founded by Lebo M., Animal Dance, and Shrine with Xan Cassavetes and Steve Hufsteter.
Marshall Law.
In 1988, Marshall and his brother Arik Marshall, a guitarist, formed a band called Marshall Law. They performed around Los Angeles and signed a development deal with Island records. They recorded a demo for the record company, but the band dissolved after having only released two tracks on a Ska Parade compilation. They later reunited in 2006 to release an album titled "Another X-cuse". Immediately following the breakup of Marshall Law, Lonnie formed the band Weapon of Choice while Arik joined the Red Hot Chili Peppers and later became a permanent member of Macy Gray's band.
Weapon of Choice.
Lonnie founded Weapon of Choice in 1992 with himself on bass and lead vocals and members Keefus Ciancia (keyboards), Finn Hammer (guitar), Tom-Bone Ralls (trombone), Scott Garrett (drums), Audra Cunningham (vocals) and Angelica "Jellybean" Arnado (vocals/dance). After a video directed by Geoff Moore for their song, "Uppity, Yuppity Doolittle", came to the attention of Stone Gossard, the band was signed to Gossard's record label Loosegroove. They released three albums with Loosegroove before the company folded in 2000: Nut-meg says Bozo the Town (1994), Highperspice (1996), and Nutmeg Phantasy (1998). In 2002, the band released "Illoominutty" on Fishbone's Nuttsactor 5 record label, and in 2004, they released "Color Me Funky."
An independently produced Weapon of Choice DVD, "Weapon of Choice: Uncut Nut 1992-2006," was released in 2007. The band continues to perform, mainly in the Los Angeles area. Many of the original members have gone on to other bands or pursuits and have been replaced by newer members.
Other work.
Outside of Weapon of Choice, Marshall has recorded and performed with a variety of artists and has participated in a number of side projects.
He has performed alongside members of P-Funk and Fishbone, among others, as part of Trulio Disgracias, a group formed by Norwood Fisher of Fishbone in 1987. The band's lineup changes from show to show. He is also an emcee and bassist for Dakah, a 65 piece hip hop orchestra which performs periodically in the Los Angeles area.
He recorded and toured with Joe Strummer of The Clash, promoting Strummer's 1989 solo release "Earthquake Weather". He cowrote one song on the album with Strummer and Zander Schloss, "Boogie With Your Children'".
He has contributed to recordings by Tone Loc, Ice Cube, George Clinton, Funkadelic, Dionne Farris (Arrested Development), Perry Farrell (Jane's Addiction), Fishbone, Les Claypool (Primus), Stone Gossard (Pearl Jam) and Arik Marshall.
He performed with the Red Hot Chili Peppers and George Clinton at the 1993 Grammy Awards Show. He has also performed with Chaka Khan, Queen Latifah, Kurupt (Tha Dogg Pound), Daniel Lanois, N'dea Davenport, Shock G (Digital Underground), Mike Shrieve (Santana) and Doug Winbush (Sugar Hill Records).
He partnered with Gabby Lang a.k.a. Gabby La La as a duo called Love Balm to record an album c. 2002.
He released a solo album, "That Would Be Dope", in 2005 under the name Meganut and Friends. The Friends included Skerik, Pete Droge, Stone Gossard and Matt Chamberlain.
In 2009, the Life Drum Core, a group of young musicians he put together, performed at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles for Earth Day and garnered local news coverage. The group performed on drums they had created from recycled plastic buckets on which they painted Earth Day designs.
He partnered with Fishbone member Angelo Moore, and young musicians Malik Deering and Tevin Douglas to form a group called the Unstoppabros which performed in Los Angeles in 2009.
He has taught guitar and bass and led Funk Workshops and camps for kids at the Silverlake Conservatory of Music (founded by Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers) since its inception in 2001.
Television and Film.
Marshall had a Public-access television show in Los Angeles on cable TV called the Late Nutt Snack. In 2010, he filmed a pilot for a children's television program called the Lil Big Ups.
He appeared on an episode of the 2000-2001 Bette Midler sitcom on CBS performing a rap with her that he wrote.
He, and members of Weapon of Choice, appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno as the backup band for Snoop Dogg.
A Weapon of Choice song, "Nutty Nutmeg Phantasy", was adapted and rerecorded by Macy Gray and appeared in the 2002 movie Spider-Man and on the soundtrack.
Marshall played MC Madd, the dance battle emcee in the opening scene of the 2007 film Stomp the Yard.
Awards/Recognition.
In 1996, he was voted one of the top five funk bassists in Bass Player Magazine.
Discography.
another X-cuse (2006)
Nut-Meg Sez "Bozo the Town" (1994)<br>
Highperspice (1996)<br>
Nutmeg Phantasy (1998)<br>
Illoominutty (2002)<br>
Color Me Funky (2004)
That Would Be Dope (2005)
Earthquake Weather (1989)

</doc>
<doc id="19272395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272395" title="Vajk (given name)">
Vajk (given name)

Vajk or Vojk (alternatively spelled as Voyk or Vayk in English, Voicu in Romanian) is an Old Hungarian masculine first name derived from the Turkic Bajik (or Bajiq or Bayk) which meaning is "True Man" or "rich, powerful". Tatars used the name 'Bayk' till the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19272403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272403" title="Dave Parris">
Dave Parris

Dave Parris (born 1 March 1945) is a former British heavyweight boxer, who is now a referee and judge, based in Woodlesford, Leeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19272424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272424" title="Brenthis ino">
Brenthis ino

The Lesser Marbled Fritillary "(Brenthis ino)" is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
Description.
"Brenthis ino" is a medium sized butterfly with a wingspan of . Females are larger and usually darker than males. The antennae are clavate. The basic color of the upper side of the wings is orange with several dark brown blotches. The edges are brown too, with a discontinuous stripe of small blotches. The lower side of the wings is creamy-orange with an indented edge and dark brown blotches on the forewings, while the hind wings show brown-edged beige blotches and some ringed dark brown and violet shading spots. The wings of this species lacks any silver blotches. The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location. It overwinters in the form of caterpillar. The larvae feed on Meadowsweet ("Filipendula ulmaria"), Dropwort ("Filipendula vulgaris"), Stone Bramble ("Rubus saxatilis"), Raspberry ("Rubus idaeus"), "Aruncus" species, "Spiraea" species and Salad Burnet ("Sanguisorba minor").
Distribution.
The "Lesser Marbled Fritillary" is present in Spain, France, Italy, in Central and Nord Europe, in Siberia, in the temperate Asia, in the Northern China and in Japan.
Habitat.
This species prefers damp meadows and bogs at an elevation of above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19272431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272431" title="Robin Hood Hills, Nottinghamshire">
Robin Hood Hills, Nottinghamshire

Robin Hood Hills are a steep sided range of sandstone hills forming a natural amphitheatre surrounding the villages of Annesley and Newstead in Nottinghamshire, UK. Robin Hoods Cave lies at the bottom of the hills. They rise to a height of 195 metres above sea level at Coxmoor, Kirkby-In-Ashfield. A railway tunnel passes underneath the hills on the Robin Hood Line railway between Newstead and Kirkby-in-Ashfield railway stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19272439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272439" title="Morane-Saulnier MoS-121">
Morane-Saulnier MoS-121

The Morane-Saulnier MoS-121, also known as the Morane-Saulnier MS 121 was a French fighter prototype of the 1920s. It was Morane-Saulnier's first fighter design after World War I.
Development.
As a direct result of concern over the escalating cost of fighter manufacture, the French government and air force instituted a program for "chasseurs légers" or 'light fighters' in . This was unofficially known as the 'Jockey' program, and it envisaged the use of moderate guns, minimal equipment and small amounts of ammunition. Emphasis was placed on climb rate, endurance and a ceiling (high for the time) of 8000 metres. To meet this requirement, Morane-Saulnier designed the MoS-121, renamed the MS 121 in 1927. The prototype appeared in that year and was a single-seat parasol monoplane of mixed construction.
Operational history.
After flying for the first time in mid-1927, it proved underpowered and incapable of climbing easily and was discarded in favour of the Morane-Saulnier MS 221.

</doc>
<doc id="19272441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272441" title="Burj Jeway Khan">
Burj Jeway Khan

Burj Jeway Khan or Burj Jiwe Khan is a town and union council of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19272537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272537" title="Limenitis reducta">
Limenitis reducta

The Southern White Admiral "(Limenitis reducta)" is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Northern Spain, South and Eastern France, Italy, the Balkans and the Alps.
The wingspan is 22–27 mm. The butterfly flies from May to August depending on the location.

</doc>
<doc id="19272548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272548" title="Polish minority in Russia">
Polish minority in Russia

There are currently 73,000 Polish nationals living in the Russian Federation. This includes autochthonous Poles as well as those forcibly deported during and after World War II; the total number of Poles in what was the former Soviet Union is estimated at up to 3 million.
Before 1917.
Many Poles were exiled to Siberia, starting with the 18th-century opponents of the Russian Empire's increasing influence in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (most notably the members of the Bar Confederation). After the change in Russian penal law in 1847, exile and penal labor ("katorga") became common penalties to the participants of national uprisings within the Russian Empire. This led to increasing number of Poles being sent to Siberia for katorga, they were known as "Sybiraks". Some of them remained there, forming a Polish minority in Sibera. Most of them came from the participants and supporters of the 19th century November Uprising and January Uprising, the participants of the 1905-1907 unrest to the hundreds of thousands of people deported in the Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939. 
There were about 20,000 Poles living in Siberia around 1860s. An unsuccessful uprising of Polish political exiles in Siberia broke out in 1866. 
Around the late 19th century there was also a limited number of Polish voluntary settlers, attracted by the economical development of the region. Polish migrants and exiles, many of whom were forbidden to move away from the region even after finishing serving their sentence, formed a vibrant Polish minority there. Hundreds of Poles took part in the construction of the Trans-Siberian Railway. Notable Polish scholars studied Siberia, among them Aleksander Czekanowski, Jan Czerski, Benedykt Dybowski, Wiktor Godlewski, Sergiusz Jastrzebski, Edward Piekarski, Bronisław Piłsudski, Wacław Sieroszewski, Mikołaj Witkowski and others.
In the Soviet Union.
Millions of Poles lived within the Russian Empire as the Russian Revolution of 1917 started followed by the Russian Civil War. While some Poles associated with the communist movement, the majority of the Polish population saw cooperation with Bolshevik forces as betrayal and treachery of Polish national interests. Marian Lutosławski and his brother Józef, the father of the Polish composer Witold Lutosławski, were murdered in Moscow in 1918 as "counter-revolutionaries". Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz lived through the Russian Revolution in St. Petersburg, which had a profound effect on his works, many of which displayed themes of the horrors of social revolution. Famous revolutionaries with Polish origins include Konstantin Rokossovsky, Julian Marchlewski, Karol Świerczewski and Felix Dzerzhinsky, founder of the Cheka secret police which would later turn into the NKVD. However according to their ideology they did not identify as Poles or with Poland, and members of the communist party viewed themselves as Soviet citizens without any national sentiments. The Soviet Union also organized Polish units in the Red Army and a Polish Communist government-in-exile.
In modern Russia.
There are currently 73,000 Polish nationals living in Russia. This includes autochthonous Poles as well as those forcibly deported during and after World War II; the total number of Poles in what was the former Soviet Union is estimated at up to 3 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19272557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272557" title="Wayne Green">
Wayne Green

Wayne Sanger Green II, was an American publisher, writer, and consultant. He was formerly editor of CQ magazine before he went on to found "73", "80 Micro", "Byte", "CD Review", "Cold Fusion", "Kilobaud Microcomputing", "RUN", InCider, and Pico, as well as publishing books and running a software company. In the early 1980s, he assisted in the creation of the groundbreaking Brazilian microcomputing magazine, "Micro Sistemas" .
Licensed by the Federal Communications Commission in the Amateur Radio Service with the callsign W2NSD, he was involved in a number of controversies and disputes in the Ham Radio world, notably with the ARRL and CQ magazines.
Wayne Green died September 13, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19272563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272563" title="George Barclay (Jacobite)">
George Barclay (Jacobite)

Sir George Barclay (c. 1636–1710) was a Scottish army officer who headed an Jacobite assassination plot against King William III of England in 1696. The plotters intended to ambush the king at Turnham Green in London on returning from a hunting party. The plot was betrayed to the government, and nine members were executed, though Barclay escaped to France.

</doc>
<doc id="19272574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272574" title="Zalul Environmental Association">
Zalul Environmental Association

Zalul Environmental Association is an Israel-based environmental group founded in 1999 with the goal protecting the seas and rivers of Israel through conservation, activism, research, awareness-raising and education. Zalul seeks to put a stop to the spillage of sewage and other toxic wastes into Israel's rivers through legal and legislative reforms.
Projects and campaigns.
Zalul has worked to save the coral reef in the Gulf of Eilat and rescue the Naaman River near Acco. The coral reef campaign led to the creation of a safety phosphate mechanism in the port of Eilat and improvements to the city's sewage system. Fish cages in the Gulf of Eilat that were deemed harmful to the life of the reef will be removed from the sea.
Large-scale demonstrations have been held protesting the pollution of the Kishon. Zalul's report has prompted the Ministry of the Environment to investigate the problem and introduce clean-up measures.
The Naaman river near Acco in northern Israel has been polluted by factory waste. Zalul's campaign resulted in the construction of Acco's first sewage treatment facility.
Zalul drew public attention to frequent sewage spills into the sea in Herzliya, near some of the country's most popular beaches.
Shafdan, Israel's major waste-treatment facility and one of the largest in the world, was spilling sludge into the Mediterranean. Zalul's protest campaign culminated in legal action against Shafdan.
“Don’t Say Kaddish for the Lachish” is Zalul’s slogan for a campaign to save the Lachish River, which runs between the cities of Ashkelon and Ashdod.
Zalul's petition against the operation of the ALA Pipeline, which was spilling sewage into the Gulf of Acco was signed by over 10,000 Acco residents.
Education and outreach.
Keeping with Zalul's goal of providing concrete solutions for better environmental policy, the Environmental Economics Outreach Center serves as an environmental economic advocacy and advisory body. Recognizing the need for educational programs to promote beach and marine ecosystem protection, Zalul is developing curriculum and lesson plans for schools and youth groups. The materials are distributed in Hebrew and Arabic.
Awards.
Benjamin Kahn, chairman of the association was named, "Hero of the Environment" by TIME Magazine for Zalul's efforts to safeguard Eilat's coral reef.

</doc>
<doc id="19272576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272576" title="Ornostay Bluff">
Ornostay Bluff

Ornostay Bluff is a volcanic bluff in northern British Columbia, Canada, located just southwest of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park and southeast of Telegraph Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19272580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272580" title="Valestrandfossen">
Valestrandfossen

Valestrandfossen or Valestrandsfossen is a settlement on the island municipality of Osterøy, Hordaland, Norway. 
Valestrandfossen is the largest settlement on the island. It is located by the Sørfjorden fjord and is connected by the ferry "MF Ole Bull" to Åsane in Bergen on the other side of the fjord. The Valestrandfossen urban settlement, as defined by Statistics Norway, had a population of 1,012 on January 1, 2008.
The famous Norwegian violinist and composer Ole Bull had his summer house here. In 1858, he bought a farm in Valestrand .The house was designed during 1865 by his youngest brother, architect Georg Andreas Bull. Ole Bull lived there for a time principally between tours. In 1872 he bought property on Lysøen in Os near Bergen which became the primary residence of his family.

</doc>
<doc id="19272588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272588" title="Chika">
Chika

Chika may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19272605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272605" title="Alfredo Xeque">
Alfredo Xeque

Alfredo Xeque (born 12 January 1969) is a former Mexican light flyweight boxer, based in Campeche, who competed from 1985 to 1992. His record stands at 19 wins, 7 losses and 2 draws after 28 professional bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19272625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272625" title="Timeline of the Canadian federal election, 2008">
Timeline of the Canadian federal election, 2008

The 2008 Canadian federal election (more formally, the 40th Canadian General Election) was held on Tuesday, October 14, 2008 to elect members to the Canadian House of Commons of the 40th Canadian Parliament after the previous parliament had been dissolved by the Governor General on September 7, 2008. The election yielded a minority government under the Conservative Party of Canada, led by the incumbent Prime Minister, Stephen Harper.
The election call resulted in the cancellation of four federal by-elections that had been scheduled to occur in September.

</doc>
<doc id="19272631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272631" title="Lexias pardalis">
Lexias pardalis

The Common Archduke "(Lexias pardalis)" is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family.
Description.
"Lexias pardalis" has a wingspan reaching about . This species exhibits a strong sexual dimorphism, with very different pattern and colour. The upperside of the wings of the male are black with shimmering greenish blue margins, especially in the hind wings. The uppersides of the criptic wings of the larger females are dark brown with several rows of yellow spots, a pale green pattern on the lower wings. The wing pattern of yellow spots continue across the thorax and the abdomen. 
The undersides in the males are brownish with whitish spots, while in the female the forewings are dark brown and the hindwings are pale bluish green, with whitish spots in both wings. The apical portion of the antennae are yellow-orange in both sexes, while in the very similar species "Lexias dirtea" the clubs are black. Larvae feed on "Cratoxylum formosum" and "Cratoxylum cochinchinense", while adults mainly feed on rotting fruits, especially in the genus Garcinia, but also on nectar of flowers. Caterpillars of the last instars are pale green and have many spines radiating from the body. Also the chrisalis are pale green.
Distribution.
This species can be found in the Indomalaya ecozone.
Habitat.
"Lexias pardalis" prefer paths, clearings and edges of primary forests and they are easily sighted in sunny areas standing on the forest floor.

</doc>
<doc id="19272649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272649" title="Seed Herbarium Image Project">
Seed Herbarium Image Project

The Seed Herbarium Image Project, or SHIP, is an initiative of the Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University to create a web-based repository of high-resolution digital images documenting the morphology of woody plant seeds and selected fruit structures. Headquartered at the Arboretum’s Dana Greenhouse facility and coordinated and photographed by curatorial assistant Julie McIntosh Shapiro, the Seed Herbarium Image Project supports the work of educators and professionals in horticulture and the botanical sciences, particularly in conservation research and management of rare and endangered species. The digitized images of seeds offer an important new aid for teaching seed identification—a fundamental skill in plant propagation, hybridization, and distribution—and serve as a resource for nurserymen, horticulturists, botanical curators, taxonomists, ecologists, and the general public. SHIP also provides an online resource for botanical institutions and nurseries to verify their collections and inventories. SHIP is made possible through the generous support of the Stanley Smith Horticultural Trust, Cabot Family Charitable Trust, and the J. Frank Schmidt Family Charitable Foundation.
SHIP Mission.
The Seed Herbarium Image Project (SHIP) began in 2003 and has completed photography for the Arboretum’s six national collections within the North American Plant Collections Consortium (NAPCC): "Acer" (Maples), "Carya" (Hickory), "Fagus" (Beech), "Stewartia", "Syringa" (Lilacs), and "Tsuga" (Hemlock). "Acer", "Stewartia", and "Syringa" were a focus in 2007. Using new protocols and equipment developed for micro-photography, SHIP is presently documenting species within the "Ericaceae" (Heath Family). The Arnold Arboretums’ introductions of "Ericaceae" include "Rhododendron schlippenbachii", "R. vaseyi", and "R. mucronulatum", all plants of importance to ornamental horticulture. The Arnold collection also includes rare and endangered plants such as "Leiophyllum buxifolium" and "Elliottia racemosa". Even early introductions of agricultural crops, such as "Vaccinium angustifolium" and "V. corymbosum" are well represented.
SHIP is also working to document seed from our collection of Center for Plant Conservation (CPC) plants. All records for the image initiative are catalogued in the arboretum's collections management database, BG-BASE. Search functionality is hosted by the Royal Botanic Garden, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19272672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272672" title="Douthat">
Douthat

Douthat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19272673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272673" title="USS Screven (AK-210)">
USS Screven (AK-210)

USS "Screven" (AK-210) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations and returned home in 1946 to be placed into the "mothball fleet" where she remained until sold in 1947 for commercial maritime service.
Built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
"Screven" (AK-210) was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2164) on 11 July 1944 by Leathern D. Smith Shipbuilding Co., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin; launched on 30 November 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Harold Roeth; acquired on 3 July 1945; and commissioned on 2 August 1945.
World War II-related service.
After shakedown, "Screven" arrived at Gulfport, Mississippi, on 31 August 1945 to load cargo. She sailed on 21 September and, after stops at the Panama Canal Zone and Pearl Harbor, arrived at Guam on 16 November. Departing from Guam on 19 December, the ship arrived at San Francisco, California, on 9 January 1946 and proceeded to the U.S. East Coast.
Post-war inactivation.
"Screven" arrived at Baltimore, Maryland, on 10 April for inactivation, and was decommissioned on 30 April. She was redelivered to the Maritime Commission on 7 May 1946 and struck from the Navy List on 8 May. 
The freighter was purchased in 1947, by the Norwegian firm of Benham and Boyesin, Inc., as "Norlindo", and became the Peruvian naval transport, "Ilo", in 1959. She was sold to Spanish shipbreakers in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19272679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272679" title="Koosick Bluff">
Koosick Bluff

Koosick Bluff is a volcanic bluff in Cassiar Land District (Stikine Country) in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is located in Mount Edziza Provincial Park and Recreation Area, just northwest of Cocoa Crater and southwest of Mount Edziza.

</doc>
<doc id="19272689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272689" title="St. Marys Airport">
St. Marys Airport

St. Marys Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles (2.3 mi, 3.7 km) north of the central business district of St. Marys, a city in Camden County, Georgia, United States. It is owned by the St. Mary's Airport Authority.
Facilities and aircraft.
St. Marys Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 23 feet (7 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 4/22 is 5,021 by 100 feet (1,530 x 30 m) and 13/31 is 4,000 by 75 feet (1,219 x 23 m).
For the 12-month period ending June 20, 2011, the airport had 4,000 aircraft operations, an average of 10 per day: 99% general aviation and 1% military. At that time there were 29 aircraft based at this airport: 62% single-engine, 3% multi-engine and 35% ultralight.
Restricted airspace and relocation controversy.
The airport and the local government has faced controversy in recent years regarding the possible relocation of the airport in response to national security concerns.
The airport was closed for three months following the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, as a result of its position approximately one mile south of Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay. The Federal Aviation Administration created a Temporary Flight Restriction below and a radius of five miles (8 km) from the base, effectively eliminating all traffic. Aircraft based at that field were eventually allowed to leave under special permission of air traffic control, but the existing Fixed Base Operator suffered substantial financial difficulties during this time.
The airport was reopened on December 3, 2001, with the creation of a smaller temporary flight restriction located approximately one half mile from the departure end of runway 4. That restriction became permanent on February 16, 2006, with the creation of Prohibited Airspace P-50, an airspace encompassing all airspace below within a three mile (5 km) radius of the submarine base's waterfront operations.
Almost immediately after the September 2001 temporary flight restriction was created, the Navy pressed for a permanent closure of the airport for national security reasons. As a result, in April 2004 the city received a grant of $236,538 from the Department of Transportation for an airport relocation study. Nine possible sites were studied by Reynolds, Smith and Hills, a contracted consultant, with a final site approved on February 17, 2005. The new airport location will be south of Woodbine, Georgia, on of donated land. The anticipated cost is $29 million, with 90% of the construction costs paid by the Department of Transportation.
The approval for the airport was not without controversy. In February 2007, the St. Marys city council and the St. Marys Airport Authority entered disputes over both airport ownership and whether the airport should even be moved. This eventually led to litigation. On October 2, 2008, the court ruled that the city and not the airport authority had legal control over the property, allowing the move to proceed.
The current estimated costs are now $40 million+ and the controversy continues due to the environmental impacts to over of fragile wetland, the effects upon the Rose Basin and the Satilla River, threatened species and the 100 Year Floodplain.
Local and state environmental organizations protest what has been referred to as "a potential environmental disaster".
Meanwhile the Sea Island Company (the firm "donating" the land known as "Site 1") struggles with on-going financial issues.
There had been no written document from the Navy (or any other official governmental body) that requested either the closure or relocation of St. Marys Airport until September 2012. This was due to concerns involving skydivers accidentally landing on Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay. The skydiving company ceased operations at St. Marys Airport. The fate of the airport is still unknown.[http://jacksonville.com/news/crime/2012-09-04/story/navy-tells-faa-it-wants-st-marys-airport-moved-away-kings-bay]

</doc>
<doc id="19272707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272707" title="Fotlandsvåg">
Fotlandsvåg

Fotlandsvåg is a settlement in the municipality of Osterøy, Hordaland, Norway, located in the northern part of the municipality. As of January 1, 2008, the Fotlandsvåg urban settlement, as defined by Statistics Norway, has a population of 230.

</doc>
<doc id="19272721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272721" title="Le trompeur trompé">
Le trompeur trompé

Synopsis.
The play opens in the study of Jocard, a prosecuting attorney. Duval, his clerk, is working at his desk, musing over the circumstances that brought him to this role: He is really a midshipman, but has taken on the role of clerk due to his love for Agathe, Jocard's pupil. ("") Jocard's wife has recently died, and Jocard is now taking an interest in Agathe himself. She cannot be forced to marry him, but should Jocard find out about Duval's scheme, trouble would arise. Agathe thinks she should leave, but she and Duval promise to be faithful to each other. ("")
Jocard is heard approaching as they finish their farewells, and Agathe fails to escape in time. He asks why she was there, she tells him she was looking for him – which gives Jocard quite the wrong idea. Quickly refocusing, she says she came to tell him about some business with a proprietor of a hotel. Jocard knows of it, and she quickly loses his interest. However, all is not well: Jocard, pleased with Duval's work hitherto, sends him off to handle a case... for his uncle, who is not aware of Duval's impersonation. The scene ends with Duval, shaken, asking Agathe if it is necessary for him to return, only for Jocard to overhear him, and, misconstruing him, cheerily tell him that yes, he will be needed afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19272729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272729" title="Northeastern Japan arc">
Northeastern Japan arc

Northeastern Japan Arc, also Northeastern Honshū Arc, is an island arc on the Pacific Ring of Fire. The arc runs north to south along the Tohoku region of Honshū, Japan. It is the result of the subduction of the Pacific Plate underneath the Okhotsk Plate at the Japan Trench. The southern end of the arc converges with the Southwestern Japan Arc and the Izu-Bonin-Mariana Arc at the Fossa Magna at the east end of the Itoigawa-Shizuoka Tectonic Line (ITIL). This is the geologic border between eastern and western Honshū. Mount Fuji is at the point where these three arcs meet. To the north, the Northeastern Japan arc extends through the Oshima Peninsula of Hokkaidō. The arc converges in a collision zone with the Sakhalin island arc and the Kuril arc in the volcanic Ishikari Mountains of central Hokkaidō. This collision formed the Teshio and Yubari Mountains.
The Ōu Mountains form the volcanic part of the inner arc. The volcanic front consists of Quaternary volcanoes, which extend the length of the range. It also includes the Quaternary volcanoes of southwestern Hokkaidō. The Dewa Mountains and the Iide Mountains are non-volcanic uplift ranges that run parallel to the west of the Ōu Mountains.
The outer arc ranges are the Kitakami and the Abukuma Mountains. These mountains are made from pre-tertiary rock. The mountains rose in the Cenozoic and have since been worn smooth by erosion.

</doc>
<doc id="19272730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272730" title="Saleh al Aridi">
Saleh al Aridi

Saleh Farhan Al Aridi () (1957 - 10 September 2008) was a Lebanese politician. A leader and one of the founders of the Lebanese Democratic Party (LDP), headed by Prince Talal Arslan, his father's, Sheikh Abu Saleh Farhan Aridi, a senior sheikh of the spiritual authority of elders Druze. Aridi was killed in a car bomb attack near his house in his village Baissour, located in the Aley District of Mount Lebanon.
Political background.
Aridi emphasized close relations with Syria
and was a close adviser and right hand for Prince Talal Arslan, head of the LDP. He helped bridge differences within the Lebanese Druze community during the 2008 conflict in Lebanon, specially between Emir Talal and Walid Jumblatt also Aridi had been trying to reconcile rival factions within Lebanese parties, Aridi was a key middleman between the two sides and helped mediate an end to the fighting between Hizbullah and Jumblatt's men in the region.
Assassination.
He was assassinated at his house in Baissour, in an attack that also injured six others on 10 September 2008. A security official reported that the bomb, made of 700 grams of explosives, was placed under his car. 
It was a historical stand for his father, Sheikh Abu Saleh Farhan Aridi, who said at the moment of the crime: "If our opponent came to us at this moment and said that he killed Saleh, I will forgive him and will not accept anyone to touch or harm him." A huge funeral was held for Aridi on 12 September 2008 and was attended by all different and opponent Lebanese parties, and the Lebanese President Michel Suleiman named Aridi "The Martyr of National Unity." He was buried on the same day in the village's cemetery.
Reaction.
The Syrian foreign ministry said: "Syria firmly denounces the criminal and terrorist act which claimed the life of Saleh Aridi. Syria is convinced that such crimes that target security and stability in Lebanon will not achieve their objectives."
The United States State Department spokesman Sean McCormack also condemned the car bombing assassination. He added: "The United States is deeply concerned about the latest violence in Lebanon. Our support for the Lebanese government and its democratic institutions is unwavering. "This support is a reflection of our unshakable commitment to the Lebanese people and their hope for democratic change and economic prosperity."
The European Union presidency issued a report, indicating that it "very strongly condemns the attack which cost the life of Mr. Saleh Aridi, and stressed their readiness to provide assistance until the perpetrators of terrorist acts to justice, and advised the parties concerned to continue the process that started the Doha agreement to end the persistent political crisis in Lebanon."

</doc>
<doc id="19272735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272735" title="Russians in Belarus">
Russians in Belarus

There are around 1.2 million Russians in Belarus, which accounts for 11.4% of the population of Belarus and builds up the largest national minority in the country.
Many Russian-Belarusians are descendants of people who migrated to Belarus during the Soviet times, as technical specialists and military or administrative personnel. There is also a minor group of Old Believers who settled in Belarus in the Middle Ages.
In early Soviet times the Moscow-appointed Belarusian government was largely formed from non-Belarusians like the Panteleimon Ponomarenko or Nikolay Gikalo. 
There is a large proportion of ethnic Russians among the current political leadership around Alexander Lukashenko.
Censuses show a constant decline of the number of people identifying themselves as Russians in Belarus due to the process of assimilation.

</doc>
<doc id="19272761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272761" title="Attila Dorogi">
Attila Dorogi

Attila Dorogi (born 18 August 1987 in Mosonmagyaróvár) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Győri ETO FC.
<br> REFERENCES:-

</doc>
<doc id="19272770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272770" title="Hope Plantation">
Hope Plantation

Historic Hope Plantation an early federal house in the Palladian mode, is located Carolina Coastal Plain, near Windsor, North Carolina, in the United States. The manor house was built by David Stone, a member of the coastal Carolina planter class, later Governor of North Carolina and a United States Senator. One of the finest examples of Palladian design built in timber, the manor house is slightly modified by neo-classical elements. The facade has five bays and a pedimented double portico with the original Chinese Chippendale balustrade. Crowning the house is a widow’s walk with matching railing. The interior of the house displays a height and grandeur rare in the region, and is furnished with a unique collection of period furniture, art and artifacts.
By the 1960s, the building had survived almost a century of neglect, and the citizens of Bertie County aided by other North Carolinians and a far-flung net of support, formed the Historic Hope Foundation, Inc. (a registered non-profit organization) to purchase and rescue the house.
Also on the site.
The 1763 King-Bazemore House represents a fine example of vernacular architecture. It is one of the few remaining examples in North Carolina of mid-eighteenth century "hall and parlor" design. The home has been restored and furnished based on the 1778 inventory of owner, William King.
Outbuildings include a restored kitchen and the manor house’s original dairy, a smoke house and store buildings, an herb garden and a kitchen garden.
There are also extensive grounds (45 acres). The original grounds extended well beyond these and amounted to nearly of privately owned land, worked by over 200 slaves. The circa 1800 barn and the archeological sites make the basis for a walk which is often used as a fitness trail.
The Site and Context.
The site on which the Hope Mansion is constructed was originally occupied by linguistic relatives of the Algonkian, the Sioux and the Iroquois. North of the site were the Meherrin, and in the immediate area the Tuscarora. Although neither group seems to have had a permanent settlement, hunting artifacts abound.
A Charter to the Carolinas was granted by Charles II of England to eight Lords Proprietor in 1663 in gratitude for their support in helping him recover his throne after the execution of his father. They immediately began recruiting settlers both from England and from the English settlers in Virginia. In the 1720s the Lords Proprietor granted of land at the western end of the Albemarle Sound, near the Cashie River, to the Hobson family.
Francis Hobson and his wife Elizabeth (of Hope Parrish in Derbyshire, England) migrated to the new world to occupy the land. In 1765, after Francis’s death, Elizabeth inherited the property. When she married Zedekiah Stone, an emigrant from New England, the land became his and he named it “Hope” to honor her heritage.
The elder Stones built a house and began raising a family. The remnants of the their house and the probable location of the quarters of their enslaved servants and workers have been explored by expert archeologists.
David Stone, Elizabeth and Zedekiah’s son, was born in 1770. Despite his strong English heritage, he was raised as an American patriot, his father participating in early Provincial Congresses to support the revolutionary movement.
In 1793, David married Hannah Turner, and shortly before the marriage he was given the Hope tract by his father. David had graduated first in his class at Princeton, was widely read, and a correspondent of many of the new American intelligentsia (later with Thomas Jefferson). When he built, he built a grand mansion of European design. The house replicates almost exactly a plan in Abraham Swann’s The British Architect, a book known to have been in Stone’s library.
Design.
Exterior.
The Palladian style was admired by Whigs and by American patriots, particularly in the South, who thought of themselves as inheritors of Roman ideas and ideals. The absolute balance of the symmetrical structure reflects the sense of order inherent in the style.
The house is built on high brick piers, allowing a full “basement” storey above ground. Imposing entry stairs lead to the pedimented double portico on the facade. This is lightened by the intricacy of the Chinese Chippendale balustrade on both stories of the portico and the roof walk. Four stepped chimneys and eight windows on the two sides, reinforce the front to back symmetry. The rear of the house, from which the structure is now approached, has a single height portico, with the Chippendale motif repeated.
Near the house, the kitchen has been reconstructed on the original foundation footprint. The elegant dairy has been restored.
Interior.
The interior of Hope reflects its uniqueness in rural eastern North Carolina. The rooms chiefly used by David Stone and for entertaining are on the upper floor. The bedrooms, the family sitting room and the dining room on the entry level. The central hallway, which stretches the double front doors to the back is an imposing double hall, with an archway diving the two ends. The staircase is partially enclosed. Upstairs, there is a large, imposing landing which may have been used as an upper parlour to catch breezes. This leads into the drawing room, which resembles a ball room. Also off the landing is David Stone’s library, which once held some 1400 volumes, a truly impressive collection for its time.
Also on this floor are smaller rooms which may have housed guests and are now interpreted as bedrooms. Best materials were used throughout, and although the timber was mainly local first-growth pine, a letter from a New York supplier, Joseph Sands, to David Stone in 1803, discusses marble and red stone for use in the fireplaces.
David Stone, a lawyer by training, died intestate. Thus, a complete inventory of his property was made by his administrator. Using this, the interior of the house was furnished by the Foundation with a degree of accuracy and appropriateness which has caught the attention of scholars.
The Rescue.
The house was sold by David Stone’s son in 1836, and then passed through many hands. It endured decades of neglect. When rehabilitation of the structure was first considered and the state approached for aid by local citizens, in the 1960s, the Executive Director of the North Carolina Department of Archives and History said, “Hope is hopeless.”(Miracle, p. 8)
However, the Hope enthusiasts were not to be deterred and on February 2, 1965 the Historic Hope Foundation, Incorporated was chartered. The house was bought by the Foundation and a largely grass-roots restoration effort was launched.
By the late summer of the 1972, the restoration was complete.
Hope Today.
The Historic Hope Foundation, Incorporated through its Board of Directors manages the Hope Mansion and subsidizes the opening of the buildings to the public (fee). An Administrator and Public Tourism Officer is appointed by the State of North Carolina.
The Foundation promotes several educational programs, and linkages with schools and universities.
It also sponsors social functions, primarily the Governor Stone Ball, as fund-raising events.
See also.
Bertie County, North Carolina
David Stone

</doc>
<doc id="19272771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272771" title="István Berde">
István Berde

István Berde (born 14 December 1988 in Sfântu Gheorghe) is a Hungarian football player born in Romania. He currently plays for Gyirmót SE.

</doc>
<doc id="19272777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272777" title="Fermagate">
Fermagate

Fermagate is a new inorganic phosphate binder developed for the control of blood plasma phosphate, a key therapeutic aim in the prevention of hyperphosphataemia in haemodialysis patients. It is currently under evaluation in clinical trials.
Fermagate is an iron magnesium hydroxy carbonate with the general formula, [Mg4Fe2(OH)12].CO3 .4H2O. 
The structure comprises metal containing layers stacked with intercalating charge-balancing carbonate species and water molecules and belongs to a wider family of compounds also referred to as layered double hydroxides or hydrotalcites. 
The anions are held in this relatively insoluble structure in the spaces between the layers of metal ions and enables exchange of carbonate ions for free (inorganic) phosphate ions.
The compound is taken with a meal and the inorganic phosphate released through digestion can be readily bound to the Fermagate structure reducing the amount of bioavailable phosphate and thus helping to avoid high blood concentrations of inorganic phosphate. 
Studies indicate that materials with the Fermagate type of structure show relatively good selectivity for the negative phosphate ions in typical food matrices. 

</doc>
<doc id="19272815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272815" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 1">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 1

The first competition weekend of the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held in the Sportforum Hohenschönhausen in Berlin, Germany, from Friday, 7 November, until Sunday, 9 November 2008.
Schedule of events.
Timeschedule of the event:

</doc>
<doc id="19272822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272822" title="Good health">
Good health

Good health may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19272850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272850" title="HMS Mariner (1884)">
HMS Mariner (1884)

HMS "Mariner" was the name-ship of the Royal Navy "Mariner"-class composite screw gunvessel of 8 guns.
Construction.
Designed by Nathaniel Barnaby, the Royal Navy Director of Naval Construction, her hull was of composite construction; that is, iron keel, frames, stem and stern posts with wooden planking. She was fitted with a 2-cylinder horizontal compound expansion steam engine driving a single screw, produced by Hawthorn Leslie. She was rigged with three masts, with square rig on the fore- and main-masts, making her a barque-rigged vessel. Her keel was laid at Devonport Royal Dockyard on 8 January 1883 and she was launched on 23 June 1884. Her entire class were re-classified in November 1884 as sloops before they entered service.
Career.
"Mariner" was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 19 March 1885. She became a boom defence vessel in 1903 and was lent to the Liverpool Salvage Association as a salvage vessel in 1917, with her sister-ship "Reindeer". She was laid up from 1922 to 1929 and sold to Hughes Bolckow of Blyth on 19 March 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="19272851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272851" title="Daryl Metcalfe">
Daryl Metcalfe

Daryl D. Metcalfe (born November 9, 1962) is an American politician currently serving in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Metcalfe is a member of the Republican Party and has represented the 12th legislative district since 1999. He currently serves as the majority chairman of the House State Government Committee.
Background.
Metcalfe is a graduate of Charles W. Baker High School in Baldwinsville, New York, and he attended but did not graduate from Kansas State University while serving in the United States Army at Fort Riley in Kansas. He later was stationed in Germany. His experience in the army included duty as an air defense radar and I.F.F. (identification friend or foe) systems repair specialist.
Prior to his election, Metcalfe was employed with Dade Behring (formerly DuPont Diagnostics) for 13 years as a field engineer. He was responsible for managing a biomedical service territory in western Pennsylvania.
Political career.
Metcalfe was elected in 1998 to replace retiring representative Pat Carone. He has won re-election six times.
He is currently the majority chairman of the House State Government Committee.
Candidacy for lieutenant governor.
Metcalfe ran as a candidate for lieutenant governor in 2010. He came in third place in the Republican primary, losing to Jim Cawley.
Political positions.
Daryl Metcalfe is an outspoken far right social conservative. "I was a Tea Partier before it was cool." Metcalfe said in an interview.
Anti-LGBT.
Metcalfe is the House's most well known anti-gay member. He opposed Philadelphia's program to market the city to gay tourists. He tried to cut state funding to universities that offer domestic partner benefits. He sued a gay New Hope couple for attempting to get a marriage license In September 2009, Metcalfe held up a Pennsylvania State Assembly resolution declaring October "Domestic Violence Awareness Month". Metcalfe claimed that the bill "had language in it that brought men into the situation", citing this as evidence of a homosexual agenda. This met with criticism from Rep. Babette Josephs who said, "The gentleman from Butler has made this problem even worse and more men may be abused, even killed in their homes," on the House floor in 2009.
In 2011, House Bill 1434 was introduced by Daryl Metcalfe along with 36 cosponsors on May 3, 2011. It was referred to the Committee of State Government. The bill would amend the state constitutional stating to ban same-sex marriage and any substantial equivalent. On March 13, 2012, a committee vote on the bill was stopped. In 2013, Daryl Metcalfe reintroduced the bill with 27 cosponsors on May 7, 2013, which is the lowest number of cosponsors the bill had been introduced with.
In June 2013, after the Defense of Marriage Act had been ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court, openly gay state representative Brian Sims tried to make a speech in the Pennsylvania House supporting the decision. Metcalfe, who was one of several representatives who blocked Sims from speaking, said, ”I did not believe that as a member of that body that I should allow someone to make comments such as he was preparing to make that ultimately were just open rebellion against what the word of God has said, what God has said, and just open rebellion against God’s law.”.
Anti-immigration.
Metcalfe is the founder of State Legislators for Legal Immigration (SLLI), an organization opposed to birthright citizenship. The State Lawmakers for Legal Immigration works closely with the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR), an anti-illegal alien organization.
Metcalfe has also spoken alongside Dan Smeriglio, an ally in Pennsylvania's anti-illegal alien movement, including at a 2007 rally organized by Smeriglio's Voice of The People USA organization. Metcalfe even spoke at a June 2010 rally in Phoenix organized by Smeriglio to support the state's law.>
On March 1, 2011 Rep. Metcalfe reintroduced HB 738, a bill which would direct police officers "to attempt to verify the immigration status of suspected illegal aliens." It would also create a new third-degree misdemeanor "for illegal aliens who violate federal law by either willfully failing to register as an alien or failing to possess proper proof of such registration when stopped for another primary offense, such as a traffic violation," crack down on employers who hire illegal aliens without first checking to see if they had registration papers and are in the state legally, create a new third-class felony "for intentionally smuggling illegal aliens (into the state) for profit," and would allow police officers "impound any vehicle driven by an illegal alien or used to transport illegal aliens." The proposed law is based on Arizona's controversial Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods Act (SB 1070), which was passed in April 2010.
Veterans.
In October 2009, Metcalfe criticized Operation FREE, a coalition of veterans and national security organizations that advocates on environmental issues, by saying:
“As a veteran, I believe that any veteran lending their name, to promote the leftist propaganda of global warming and climate change, in an effort to control more of the wealth created in our economy, through cap and tax type policies, all in the name of national security, is a traitor to the oath he or she took to defend the Constitution of our great nation!”
Voter suppression.
With a Republican majority rule in Pennsylvania government, Metcalfe sponsored the Republican-initiated Pennsylvania Voter Identification Protection Act (House Bill 934; Act 18 of 2012) that was signed into law on March 14, 2012, by Governor Tom Corbett (R). This law was intended to go into effect before the 2012 U.S. Presidential election. State voter rights and civil liberties groups considered the law to be a form of voter suppression, as the six-month timeframe allowing for enactment would not permit sufficient time for compliance, and was therefore expected to cause an unacceptable level of voter disenfranchisement, especially among minority and low-income demographics that tend to vote for Democratic candidates. On October 2, 2012, a major portion of the Pennsylvania Voter ID Act was struck down by Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court Justice Robert Simpson after a lengthy judicial challenge prompting Metcalfe to issue a statement saying, "…this judicial activist decision is skewed in favor of the lazy who refuse to exercise the necessary work ethic to meet the commonsense requirements to obtain an acceptable photo ID.".
Personal.
Metcalfe lives in Cranberry Township with his wife, Elke, and daughter, Lisa.

</doc>
<doc id="19272863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272863" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 2">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 2

The second competition weekend of the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held in Thialf in Heerenveen, Netherlands, from Friday, 14 November, until Sunday, 16 November 2008.
Schedule of events.
Timeschedule of the event:

</doc>
<doc id="19272868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272868" title="Kana Cone">
Kana Cone

Kana Cone is a red nested cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Eve Cone in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19272894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272894" title="Private view">
Private view

A private view is a special viewing of an art exhibition by invitation only, normal at the start of a public exhibition. Typically wine and light refreshments are served on the form of a reception. If the artworks are by a living artist, it is normal for them to attend the private view.
An opening of an art exhibition which is open to the public, is known as a vernissage.

</doc>
<doc id="19272896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272896" title="Coster Diamonds">
Coster Diamonds

Coster Diamonds is one of the oldest still operating diamond polishing factories in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. They were responsible for the creation of a few historical masterpieces, like the re-polishing of the Koh i Noor, mounted in the Crown of Queen Mary, to be admired in the Tower of London, amongst the other Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom and the Dresden Green Diamond, which belongs to the Saxon dynasty.
Famous diamond polishers.
Ben Meier polished in 1959 the many diamonds which were set in a white gold watch, which was presented to Queen Juliana by the Dutch people. Between 1991 and 1994 Pauline Willemse, a diamond polisher at Coster Diamonds polished the smallest diamond in the world, a stone with 57 facets, weighing . 0.16–0.17 mm in diameter and with a height of 0.11 mm. This event was published in the Guinness Book of Records.
References.
History of Coster Diamonds (via their website)

</doc>
<doc id="19272910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272910" title="Many antennas">
Many antennas

Many antennas is a smart antenna technique which overcomes the performance limitation of single user multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) techniques. In cellular communication, the maximum number of considered antennas for downlink is 2 and 4 to support 3GPP Long Term Evolution (LTE) and IMT Advanced requirements, respectively. Since the available spectrum band will probably be limited while the data rate requirement will continuously increase beyond IMT-A to support the mobile multimedia services, it is highly probable that the number of transmit antennas at the base station must be increased to 8–64 or more. The installation of many antennas at single base stations introduced many challenges and required development of several high technologies: a new SDMA engine, a new beamforming algorithm and a new antenna array.
History of multiple antennas in cellular communications.
The table summarizes the recent history of multiple antenna techniques in cellular communications. The table includes the future prediction as well for IMT-A and beyond.

</doc>
<doc id="19272921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272921" title="Baligubadle">
Baligubadle

Baligubadle is a town in the northwestern Woqooyi Galbeed province of Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia. The locality serves as the capital of the Hawd Region, an administrative subdivision of the Somaliland region that was created in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19272938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272938" title="Morpho helena">
Morpho helena

The Helena Morpho (Morpho helena) is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the rainforests of Northern South America.
The wingspan is . Many authorities consider "Morpho helena" a subspecies of "Morpho rhetenor", and thus is sometimes named Morpho rhetenor helena.

</doc>
<doc id="19272941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272941" title="Pingyuan County, Guangdong">
Pingyuan County, Guangdong

Pingyuan County (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Pingyun; ) is a county in eastern Guangdong Province in the south of the People's Republic of China.
Geography.
Pingyuan County is located in the northeast of Guangdong province, on the border between Guangdong, Jiangxi and Fujian province. It was founded in the Ming Dynasty Jiajing in the 42nd year (year 1863). Because it is located between Wuping (in Fujian) and Anyuan County (in Jiangxi), it was named ‘Pingyuan’.
Pingyuan County is under the jurisdiction of Mei County which is known as the home of standard Hakka. The total area of Pingyuan is 1381 square kilometers. Now it has 12 towns with the population of 250 thousand.

</doc>
<doc id="19272946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272946" title="1993 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament">
1993 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament

The 1993 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 21st edition of the event known that year as the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, and was part of the ATP World Series of the 1993 ATP Tour. It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, Netherlands, from February 22 through February 28, 1993.
The singles draw was headlined by ATP No. 7, Wimbledon runner-up, Sydney, Stockholm and recent Doha champion Goran Ivanišević. Other seeded players competing were Los Angeles and Antwerp titlist, Stuttgart Indoor finalist Richard Krajicek, Auckland winner Alexander Volkov, Henrik Holm, Karel Nováček and Wayne Ferreira.

</doc>
<doc id="19272962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272962" title="Neil Cameron">
Neil Cameron

Neil Cameron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19272965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272965" title="Høgafjellet">
Høgafjellet

Høgafjellet is a mountain on the island and municipality of Osterøy, Hordaland, Norway. Høgafjellet marks the border between Osterøy and Vaksdal municipalities, and is at 868 metres above sea level the highest mountain on the island and in Osterøy municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19272976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272976" title="Medical Banking">
Medical Banking

Medical Banking involves the use banking systems to improve healthcare industry. It is the involvement of banks into the Healthcare value chain to reduce costs,increase access and simplify delivery of healthcare.Medical banking integrates various stakeholders (providers, payers, clearing houses, banks and specialized firms). Processes like payment of premiums by consumers, claims submission by the provider, claim status checking etc. can be time consuming and involve a lot of paperwork. The Medical Banking concept proposes the handling such processes electronically by leveraging current banking systems. Medical Banking can also help safeguard medical records related to a consumer electronically under the custody of a bank. Medical Banking can also provide support to Consumer Directed Health Plans. CDHPs offer accounts like Health Savings Account (HSA), Flexible Savings Account (FSA) which, being tax-free, help consumers save money for their future medical needs.
Trademark.
Medical Banking Project has trademarked the term "Medical Banking. The term was invented by John Casillas, the founder of the Medical Banking Project.

</doc>
<doc id="19272978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272978" title="Daniel Felsenfeld">
Daniel Felsenfeld

Daniel Felsenfeld (1970- ) is a composer of contemporary classical music and a writer. 
Biography.
Felsenfeld was born in Washington, D.C., raised primarily in Southern California and currently resides in Brooklyn with his wife, writer Elizabeth Isadora Gold and daughter Clara. He attended the University of California, Santa Barbara where he got his undergraduate degree in composition studying with Margaret Meyer. He did his Masters and Doctoral work at the New England Conservatory where he studied with Arthur Berger and Lee Hyla. He is a composer and is also an author, having written three books published by Amadeus Press as well as hundreds of articles. In 2007 a "Talk of the Town" piece in "The New Yorker" magazine noted several writers whom Felsenfeld met at the MacDowell Colony used his last name in their novels. He teaches at City College of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19272979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272979" title="Decapterus">
Decapterus

Decapterus is a genus of marine fishes in the family in the jack family, Carangidae, commonly known as mackerel scads, round scads, or horse mackerel. They are found throughout the world.
Species.
Currently, 12 recognized species are found in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19272986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272986" title="Bukit Payong">
Bukit Payong

Bukit Payong (est. pop. (2010 census): 26790)[] is a town in the Marang district of Terengganu, on the east coast of peninsular Malaysia.
The population comprises 95.85% Malays, 4% Chinese and 0.15% of other races. The town borders with the district of Kuala Terengganu. It houses several government departments such as Jabatan Pertanian, Jabatan Haiwan, Peladang, and Pejabat Pos. There are two shopping centres; Pasaraya Seri Intan and Kedai Wahab. There are also a lot of bundle shops in the town as well as facilities such as banks, a futsol hall, police station, civic hall, clinics, Pusat Kesihatan and schools. The East Coast Expressway interchage also exits here. It is also the seat of the state constituency of the same name. Currently, the seat is held by Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party or PAS after 2013 Malaysia General Election[]

</doc>
<doc id="19272991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272991" title="Leinster Express">
Leinster Express

The Leinster Express is a regional newspaper in Ireland that serves County Laois. 
The paper was part of the Leinster Leader Group, which was sold to Johnston Press in late 2005 and are now operated by Johnston Press Ireland. The offices of the Leinster Express are based in Portlaoise.
The Leinster Express was originally published in Maryborough (renamed Portlaoise in 1929), Queen's County (renamed County Laois in 1922), Ireland in 1831, an archive of its papers are available in Laois County Library in Portlaoise.

</doc>
<doc id="19272995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272995" title="Ardra (nakshatra)">
Ardra (nakshatra)

Ardra is the name of a nakshatra in Hindu astrology, the 6th depending on numbering scheme used.
The Sanskrit name "ãrdrã" translates to "green" or "the moist one".
It is associated with the star Betelgeuse (α Ori).
The Ardra nakshatra extends from 06 degrees 40 minutes to 20 degrees 00 minutes of Mithun (Gemini). 
The Hindu myth associated to Ardra is that of Taraka. Taraka is an "asura" who is granted invulnerability by Brahma.
The presiding deity is Rudra, its symbol is a teardrop, the ruling planet is Rahu.
In Tamil and Malayalam Ardra is referred to as Thiruvathirai and Thiruvathira respectively.
Ardra :- It lies completely in Gemini and the ruling planet is ‘Rahu’, hence it is a Mercury+Rahu combination. It can be considered as the combination of intellectual feeling with passionate thinking. The deity is ‘Rudra’, the God of destruction and it renders this quality in the native. ‘Ardra’ means moist or wet. It is symbolized as a teardrop. As Rahu is the ruling planet the darker side of keen desire of materialism, causing troubles for others. Thunder power can make a person violent by nature. Native of ‘Ardra’ can be complaining and ungrateful.The animal symbol is female dog (bitch) again confirming violence. This is a ‘teekshna Sangyak’ Nakshatra, leading to destructive acts.

</doc>
<doc id="19273010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273010" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 3">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 3

The third competition weekend of the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held at the Krylatskoye ice rink in Moscow, Russia, from Saturday, 22 November, until Sunday, 23 November 2008.
Schedule of events.
The timeschedule of the event stands below.

</doc>
<doc id="19273011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273011" title="George Halpin">
George Halpin

George Halpin (Sr.) (1779? – 8 July 1854), was a prominent civil engineer and lighthouse builder, responsible for the construction of much of the Port of Dublin, several of Dublin's bridges, and a number of lighthouses; he is considered the founding father of the Irish lighthouse service. His son, George Halpin (Jr.), was also a well-known lighthouse builder.
Biography.
Very little is known of Halpin's early life, though it is known that his background was in the building trade rather than in engineering. In 1800, he was made the Inspector of Works for the Dublin Ballast Board (the predecessor to the Commissioners of Irish Lights), succeeding Francis Tunstall, and in this capacity was responsible for a number of works. One of these, the Bull Wall, along with associated projects, led to the creation of Bull Island in Dublin Bay, and enabled deep-draught ships to use the port for the first time.
Halpin was appointed the Inspector of Lighthouses in 1810. Between then and 1867 Irish lighthouses increased from fourteen to seventy-two under his direction. He established 53 new lighthouses, in addition to modernising a further 15: his projects included the Baily Lighthouse, the second Mew Island Lighthouse, and the Skelligs Lighthouse. He also set up the Irish lighthouse service's administration and management procedures, regularised employment of lighthouse keepers, and continued to oversee the development of Dublin's port.
Halpin died in 1854, and was buried in Mount Jerome Cemetery, Dublin. He was succeeded as Inspector of Lighthouses by his son.

</doc>
<doc id="19273012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273012" title="Tennena Cone">
Tennena Cone

Tennena Cone is a subglacial mound in northern British Columbia, Canada, located just southwest of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19273014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273014" title="Sesar (disambiguation)">
Sesar (disambiguation)

Sesar is a village in Azad Kashmir.
Sesar may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19273017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273017" title="Members of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (2008 – 2012)">
Members of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (2008 – 2012)

New Territories East is Hong Kong constituency in the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. Members representing this area include:
See also list of constituencies of Hong Kong

</doc>
<doc id="19273022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273022" title="Junonia oenone">
Junonia oenone

Junonia oenone is Nymphalid butterfly native to Africa. It is known as the Blue Pansy in southern Africa; however, the name "Blue Pansy" is used in India to describe "Junonia orithya", and the name Dark Blue Pansy may be used to distinguish "Junonia oenone".
Description.
The wingspan is 40–52 mm. The uppersurface of the forewings is black with white markings towards the apex. The uppersurface of the hindwings is black with white markings on the outer edge, and a characteristic large, metallic-blue spot. This blue spot is smaller and more a dull purple colour in females. The underside of the forewings is brown with white markings corresponding to those on the uppersurface. The undersurface of the hindwings is almost uniform brown.
Larval foodplants.
The larvae feed on "Adhatoda densiflora", "Mackaya bella", "Justicia natalensis", and "Asystasia" ("Asystasia gangetica"), "Isoglossa", "Pualowilhelmia", and "Ruella" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19273028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273028" title="Prosperous and Safe Aceh Party">
Prosperous and Safe Aceh Party

The Prosperous and Safe Aceh Party () is a regional political party in Indonesia. It is to contest the 2009 elections in the province of Aceh. The party is led by singer and poet, and former legislature member Ghazali Abbas, a former United Development Party member of the People's Representative Council. The party's electoral target is eight seats, one from each voting district in Aceh.

</doc>
<doc id="19273032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273032" title="Jean Sagal">
Jean Sagal

Jean Sagal (born 9 October 1961) is an American television actress and director. In the 1980s, she co-starred with her twin sister Liz Sagal in the 23-episode television series "Double Trouble" that ran from 1984-85. She has since appeared on such shows as "Picket Fences", "Knots Landing", "Quantum Leap" and "21 Jump Street". She has directed episodes of "Two and a Half Men", "Mad TV", "So Little Time" and "Just Shoot Me". Sagal and her twin sister also served for a time as the "Doublemint Twins" in the long-running ad campaign by Doublemint gum.
As a Director.
She is the associate director for 2 Broke Girls (42 episodes), and Two and a Half Men (166 episodes). She has also been the director for 5 television shows. Wizards of Waverly Place (1 episode), Two and a Half Men (3 episodes), MADtv (3 episodes), So Little Time (9 episodes), and Just Shoot Me! (4 episodes).
Sagal is part of a family of entertainment industry professionals. She is the daughter of director Boris Sagal and the stepdaughter of Marge Champion. Her siblings, older sister Katey Sagal, brother Joe Sagal and twin sister Liz Sagal, are all notable in the industry. Another brother, David Sagal, is an attorney married to actor McNally Sagal.

</doc>
<doc id="19273033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273033" title="Liz Sagal">
Liz Sagal

Elizabeth "Liz" Sagal (born 9 October 1961) is an American television professional, active as an actress, screenwriter and film editor.
In the 1980s, she co-starred with her twin sister Jean Sagal in the 23-episode television series "Double Trouble" that ran from 1984–85, as well as the 1982 movie "Grease 2", a loose sequel to the 1978 film starring John Travolta. She has since appeared on such shows as "Knots Landing" and "Picket Fences".
She has worked as a writer on such shows as "Mad About You", "Monk" and "Charmed", also serving as executive story editor on the last.
She played a part in the film "Howard the Duck", as a member of the fictional band "Cherry Bomb", in conjunction with which she contributed vocals to the songs "Hunger City", "Don't Turn Away (Reprise)", "It Don't Come Cheap" and "Howard the Duck".
Sagal and her twin sister also served for a time as the "Doublemint Twins" in the long-running ad campaign by Doublemint gum.
Sagal is part of a family of entertainment industry professionals. She is the daughter of director Boris Sagal and the stepdaughter of Marge Champion. Her siblings, older sister Katey Sagal, brother Joe Sagal and twin sister, Jean Sagal, are all notable in the industry. Another brother, David Sagal, is an attorney married to actor McNally Sagal.

</doc>
<doc id="19273035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273035" title="Osterøy (island)">
Osterøy (island)

Osterøy is an island situated north-east of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway. With a total area of 328 km2, it is the largest Norwegian island not located directly adjacent to the ocean, and the second largest such island in Northern Europe. Osterøy is covered by two municipalities; the majority (275 km2) by Osterøy municipality, and the rest by Vaksdal municipality. The vast majority of the island's population lives in Osterøy municipality (7,305 inhabitants as of 2008).
The highest mountain on Osterøy is Høgafjellet, at 868 metres above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19273039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273039" title="Bernard Shaw (footballer)">
Bernard Shaw (footballer)

Bernard Shaw (born 14 March 1945 in Sheffield) is a former English footballer who played as a full back. He played more than 100 Football League games for each of the Sheffield clubs and for Wolverhampton Wanderers, in a career of more than 400 senior games.
Career.
Shaw began his career at Sheffield United as an apprentice. He made his first team debut during 1963 and, by 1966, was a first choice player. He was sold to Wolverhampton Wanderers for £70,000 in July 1969. He made his Wolves debut on 8 October 1969 in a 2–2 draw with Sheffield Wednesday. After playing infrequently during his debut season he was a first choice player over the following seasons, which saw him play in the 1972 UEFA Cup Final. After 156 appearances in total for Wolves, he returned to his native Sheffield in Summer 1973, joining Sheffield Wednesday. He played over 100 games for the Owls over the next three seasons before dropping into non-league football with Worksop Town before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="19273047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273047" title="Multiculturalism and Christianity">
Multiculturalism and Christianity

Multiculturalism and Christianity have a long historical association. Christianity originated as a sect of Judaism in the Middle East, as Jesus, the founder and central figure of Christianity, lived and held his ministry in the Middle East. Paul of Tarsus, an ethnic Jew who was born and lived in the Middle East, holds such importance to Christianity that some call him the religion's "Second Founder". The greatest influence on Christianity after Paul, Augustine of Hippo, a Church Father, a Doctor of the Church, and an eminent theologian, was North African. Under the influence of Paul, Christianity soon spread widely among non-Jews (Gentiles) of the Roman Empire.
Edict of Galerius.
The Roman Emperor Galerius issued an edict permitting the practice of the Christian religion under his rule in April 311. In 313 Constantine I and Licinius announced toleration of Christianity in the Edict of Milan. Constantine would become the first Christian emperor. By 391, under the reign of Theodosius I, Christianity had become the most popular, or state religion. Constantine I, the first emperor to embrace Christianity, was also the first emperor to openly promote the newly legalized religion. As the political boundaries of the Western Roman Empire diminished and then collapsed, Christianity spread beyond the old borders of the Empire and into lands that never had been Romanized.
Age of Discovery.
The Age of Discovery began with the voyage of Christopher Columbus "c". 1492. It is characterized by European colonization of missionary activity.
During the Age of Discovery, the Roman Catholic Church established a number of Missions in the Americas and other colonies in order to spread Christianity in the New World and to convert the indigenous peoples. At the same time, missionaries such as Francis Xavier as well as other Jesuits, Augustinians, Franciscans and Dominicans were moving into Asia and the Far East. The Portuguese sent missions into Africa. While some of these missions were associated with imperialism and oppression, others (notably Matteo Ricci's Jesuit mission to China) were relatively peaceful and focused on integration rather than cultural imperialism.
Evangelization by Catholics and Protestants.
The most famous colonization by Protestants in the New World was that of English Puritans in North America. Unlike the Spanish or French, the English colonists made surprisingly little effort to evangelize the native peoples. The Puritans, or Pilgrims, left England so that they could live in an area with Puritanism established as the exclusive civic religion. Though they had left England because of the suppression of their religious practice, most Puritans had thereafter originally settled in the Low Countries but found the licentiousness there, where the state hesitated from enforcing religious practice, as unacceptable, and thus they set out for the New World and the hopes of a Puritan utopia.
Christianity and European cultures.
In his book "Enlarging the Story: Perspectives on Writing World Christian History", Richard Fox Young views the connection between Christianity and Eurocentrism as tenuous, and points to the postcolonial and non-European nature of the emerging Church and its impact on the development of World Christianity. In the postcolonial world, Christianity has lost its association with the West.
Christians outside Europe and North America.
At the turn of the millennium, 60% of the world's two billion Christians lived in Africa, Latin America, or Asia, and by 2025, those demographics will shift to an estimated 67% of the world's three billion Christians. The rise of Christianity in the southern hemisphere, especially northern Africa and Latin America, in the late 20th and early 21st centuries is a "grassroots movement" that has generated new forms of Christian theology and worship, and shifted the cultural and geographic focal point of the Church away from the West. The prominence of the southern hemisphere's Christianity has brought with it a cultural and intellectual diversity to World Christianity, and contributed such ideas as Liberation Theology.
Christianity is universal.
Christianity is a religion open to all humanity that counts one out of every three people on earth among its members. The Christian world encompasses a greater area of land than that of any other religious territory. In terms of both population and geography, Christianity is the world's largest religion. As such, Christianity contains a great diversity, and has followers from a wide range of ethnicities, nationalities, and cultures. Both Europeans and non-Hispanic Whites are shrinking minorities in the Church.
Christianity and Oriental cultures.
At the beginning of the 21st century China is estimated to be the third largest Christian nation on earth, with the future prospect of Christianity eventually becoming a Sino-centric religion.
I suspect that even the most enthusiastic accounts err on the downside, and that Christianity will have become a Sino-centric religion two generations from now. China may be for the 21st century what Europe was during the 8th-11th centuries, and America has been during the past 200 years: the natural ground for mass evangelization. If this occurs, the world will change beyond our capacity to recognize it. Islam might defeat the western Europeans, simply by replacing their diminishing numbers with immigrants, but it will crumble beneath the challenge from the East. – Spengler

</doc>
<doc id="19273051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273051" title="HMS Racer (1884)">
HMS Racer (1884)

HMS "Racer" was a Royal Navy "Mariner"-class composite screw gunvessel of 8 guns.
Construction.
Designed by Nathaniel Barnaby, the Royal Navy Director of Naval Construction, her hull was of composite construction; that is, iron keel, frames, stem and stern posts with wooden planking. She was fitted with a 2-cylinder horizontal compound-expansion steam engine driving a single screw, produced by Hawthorn Leslie. She was rigged with three masts, with square rig on the fore- and main-masts, making her a barque-rigged vessel. Her keel was laid at Devonport Royal Dockyard on 9 April 1883 and she was launched on 6 August 1884. Her entire class were re-classified in November 1884 as sloops before they entered service.
Career.
"Racer" was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 9 April 1885. She served in Sierra Leone in 1886 and became a tender to the training ship HMS "Britannia" at Dartmouth, Devon in 1896. She was present at the Fleet Review at Spithead in celebration of the Diamond Jubilee on 26 June 1897. When Royal Navy officer training moved to Royal Naval College, Osborne, Cowes in 1903, "Racer" became a tender to the new establishment. She was rebuilt in 1916-1917 as a salvage vessel, being given the starboard machinery of "Torpedo Boat 8", as well as two 17-ton derricks and submersible electric, steam centrifugal and compressed air pumps capable of pumping 3000 tonnes (3 million litres) of water per hour.
Disposal.
"Racer" was sold to Hughes Bolckow of Blyth on 6 November 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="19273058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273058" title="Todd McDermott">
Todd McDermott

Todd McDermott is a television journalist.
McDermott is a Buffalo, New York native, and he has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Canisius College in Buffalo.
From September 2004 until September 10, 2008, McDermott co-anchored the 6 p.m. and 11 p.m. newscast on WUSA (TV) in Washington, DC. McDermott had been paired with Tracey Neale for the first three years until January 4, 2008, and then was paired with Lesli Foster. During his time at WUSA, Todd won an Emmy for Best Anchor. 
After leaving WUSA, Todd joined WPXI-TV, the NBC affiliate in Pittsburgh, in January 2010 as co-anchor of the weekday morning and noon newscasts. In October 2012, he moved to co-anchor the weeknight newscasts at WPBF, the ABC affiliate in West Palm Beach, Florida. Todd's first day at WPBF was October 22nd, the same day that Lynn University in Boca Raton hosted the third and final presidential debate between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney. McDermott is a 20-year television news veteran, and before joining WPXI-TV in Pittsburgh, he was with 9NEWS NOW, and before that he was with WCBS-TV in New York where he co-anchored the 5am, 5pm and weekend evening news. He also served as an occasional host and anchor for the CBS Early Show and the CBS Morning News. 

</doc>
<doc id="19273060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273060" title="Mithrakary">
Mithrakary

Mithrakary (മിത്രക്കരി) is a small village in Kerala, India. It is located in Muttar Panchayat in Kuttanadu Taluk.
It is presumed that this region (most part of Kuttanad) was a very big forest in ancient years, but later destroyed by a forest fire. It is still possible to see "kari" (coal) if we dig deep into the soil. So this place name end-up with Kari. This village was the property of a well-known Brahmin family named 'Mithra Madom' in early days. The Brahmin family name 'Mithra' and the concept of the land arise from 'Karies' joined to form the name of this village - 'Mithra' 'Kari'. 
St. Xavier's High School Mithrakary enlightened young minds of Mithrakary and its neighboring villages from its early days, when transportation facilities were limited. The foundation stone was blessed by Servant of God Mar Mathew Kavukattu, the then Archbishop of Changanassery Diocese. Now it is an English Medium school with modern computer education and excellent academic record. 
This village is famous for its traditional clay pots called "Mithrakary Chatties"
Mithrakary Devi Temple is famous for "Garudan Thookkam"
Garudan Thookkam, literally means hanging garuda (Eagle god) Ref. Garudan Hanging
Major Christian churches are St Xaviers Church and Holy Family Church, both under the Archdiocese of Changanassery
Nearby villages are Puthukkary, Muttar, Kalangara, Koduppuna, Mampuzhakary,Vezhapra, Edathua etc.
Most of the villagers here are farmers and mainly depend on Alappuzha and Changanacherry for their day to day life
Divisions.
A river flowing through the centre of Mithrakary divides it into two:

</doc>
<doc id="19273066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273066" title="Lake County Schools">
Lake County Schools

Lake County Schools is a public school district located in Lake County, Florida, USA. The district operates 59 schools, including 20 elementary schools, 8 middle schools, and 9 high schools. The district educates over 41,100 students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade.
As of November 18 2008, the superintendent is Susan Moxley. 

</doc>
<doc id="19273091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273091" title="Biotech valuation">
Biotech valuation

Biotech valuation refers to the attribution of a financial value to a company or a project within the biotechnology (biotech) industry. While the biotech industry contains also agro- and energy biotech, "biotech valuation" is usually used in the context of drug development companies and projects.
The nature of drug development project is characterised by high attrition rates, large capital expenditures, and long timelines. This makes the valuation of such projects and companies a challenging task. Not all valuation methods can cope with these particularities. The most commonly used valuation methods are risk-adjusted net present value (rNPV), decision trees, real options, or comparables. 
The most important value drivers are the cost of capital or discount rate that is used, the duration of the phases, the success rates of the phases, the estimated phases costs, and the forecasted sales including cost of goods and marketing and sales expenses. Less objective aspects like quality of the management or novelty of the technology should be reflected in the cash flows estimation.
References.
Boris Bogdan and Ralph Villiger, "Valuation in Life Sciences. A Practical Guide", 2008, 2nd edition, Springer Verlag.
Nielsen, Nicolaj Hoejer "Financial valuation methods for biotechnology", 2010. [http://biostrat.dk/financial-valuation-methods-for-biotechnology.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="19273099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273099" title="West Burton power stations">
West Burton power stations

The West Burton power stations are a pair of power stations on the River Trent near Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, England, located between Bole to the north and Sturton le Steeple to the south. One is a coal-fired power station, which was commissioned in 1968, and the second is a combined cycle gas turbine power station, due to be commissioned in 2011. Both stations are owned and operated by EDF Energy.
The site is the furthest north of series of power stations in the Trent valley, being downstream of the Cottam power stations. The Sheffield to Lincoln Line supplies the station with coal.
History.
It is built on the site of the deserted medieval village of West Burton. The station was commissioned between 1967 and 1968. It was originally operated by the CEGB and then run by National Power after privatisation, until April 1996 when it was bought by the Eastern Group which became TXU Europe. In November 2001 when the price of electricity was low and TXU Europe had severe financial problems, it was bought by the London Power Company for £366 million. The station is now run by EDF Energy.
In June 2000, work began on the fitting of flue-gas desulfurization (FGD) equipment at the station. FLS Miljo installed the Mitsubishi Heavy Industries wet limestone systems, while Arup Energy and Mowlem took up a design–build partnership to undertake the civil works and construction of infrastructure. The work was completed in October 2003, and had a total cost of £100 million.
Separated over-fire air (SOFA) burners were installed on all four of the station's units in 2007 to meet European Union nitrogen oxide emission legislation. The burners were installed by GE Energy.
The station also has a "Discovery Centre" to educate local school children. It has the oldest mound of FGD gypsum in the UK, part of an experiment set up by CEGB scientists in 1988.
Construction.
Work began on site in 1958 by the Northern Project Group a department within the CEGB the construction was overseen by resident engineer Douglas Derbyshire who had recently completed the build of the nearby High Marnham Power Station.
The consulting engineers for the project were Merz & McLellan and the main building architects being Architects Design Group (Gelsthorpe & Savidge). The main contractor on site was Alfred McAlpine with steelwork designed by the Cleveland Bridge & Engineering Company.
The station was the first 2000MW to be constructed in the United Kingdom and subsequently attracted visitors from around the world including Mohammad Reza Pahlavi the Shah of Iran who was escorted around the site by Robert Laycock the Lord Lieutenant of Nottinghamshire.
Specification.
The power station provides electricity for around two million people, and is situated on a site. Coal for the power station, like Cottam, came from the Welbeck colliery at Meden Vale until it closed in May 2010. The station's other supplier, Thoresby colliery, is expected to last longer. The station connects to the National Grid, like most similar sized coal power stations, via a transformer and substation at 400 kV. The chimneys of West Burton Power Station are tall.
The station generates electricity using four 500 megawatt English Electric turbo generators. These are provided with steam by International Combustion boilers, fueled by bituminous coal.
Combined cycle gas turbine power station.
A £600 million 1,270 MWe CCGT power station, which will run on natural gas, is currently being built next to the coal-fired station. Construction by the Kier Group started in January 2008. It is being built on land originally allocated for a proposed 1,800 MW West Burton 'B' coal power station that was to have been built in the 1980s. Privatisation of the electricity industry in 1990 cancelled this scheme. It will be finished in 2011, and will supply electricity to around 1.5 million homes. A new gas pipeline is being built to link to the National Gas Transmission System at Grayingham in Lincolnshire. Around 1,000 people are involved in the construction. The plant will consist of three 430 MW gas turbines each with a heat recovery steam generator.
Activists from the No Dash For Gas group protesting against the building of the gas plant pleaded guilty to charges of aggravated trespass in February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19273106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273106" title="William Waddell">
William Waddell

William or Willie Waddell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19273136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273136" title="USS Sebastian (AK-211)">
USS Sebastian (AK-211)

USS "Sebastian" (AK-211) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She was retained by the Navy for only a short period of service before being inactivated as "excess to needs."
Built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
"Sebastian" (AK-211) was laid down on 10 August 1944 under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2165) by the Leathern D. Smith Shipbuilding Co., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin; launched on 21 December 1944; sponsored by Miss J.C. Sullivan; delivered to the U.S. Maritime Commission on 31 January 1945; acquired by the Navy on loan charter on 10 August 1945; converted to an AK at New Orleans, Louisiana; and commissioned on 11 September 1945.
World War II-related service.
Commissioned after the end of World War II, "Sebastian" was retained by the Navy only briefly.
Post-war inactivation.
She was decommissioned on 14 November 1945 and simultaneously returned to the Maritime Commission's War Shipping Administration for subsequent maritime service under the name "Coastal Highflyer". The name "Sebastian" was struck from the Navy List on 28 November 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19273140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273140" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 4">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 4

The fourth competition weekend of the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was a two-day event focusing on the shorter distances, held at the Jilin Provincial Speed Skating Rink in Changchun, China, from Saturday, 6 December, until Sunday, 7 December 2008. It was the first World Cup competition at this rink, which was also used during the 2007 Asian Winter Games.
Schedule of events.
The timeschedule of the event stands below.

</doc>
<doc id="19273147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273147" title="Aceh Sovereignty Party">
Aceh Sovereignty Party

The Aceh Sovereignty Party () is a regional political party in Indonesia. It is to contest the 2009 elections in the province of Aceh. It was set up to accommodate religious figures not associated with the Free Aceh Movement (GAM). Its electoral target is 20% or 3 million votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19273164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273164" title="Jim E. Marshall">
Jim E. Marshall

James E. "Jim" Marshall (born April 2, 1960) is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 14th District since 2007 and is a member of the Republican Party.
Marshall attended Beaver Falls High School and was employed by Ag Hog Pittsburgh prior to his election. His only prior elected office had been serving two terms as Vice President of Big Beaver Borough Council in Beaver County.
In 2006, Marshall ran for the House of Representatives against House Minority Whip, Rep. Mike Veon. At the time, Veon was under a great deal of criticism for his role in the 2005 legislative pay raise. Veon not only supported the pay increase, but was the only legislator to vote against its repeal. Despite heavy Democratic registration in the district, Marshall prevailed in the general election with 53.9% of the vote.
Marshall serves on four House committees: Commerce, Gaming Oversight, Veterans Affairs and Emergency Preparedness, and Policy. He serves as Chairman of the Subcommittee on Security and Emergency Response of the Veterans Affairs and Emergency Preparedness Committee. Additionally, he has been named to the Port of Pittsburgh Commission, a board dedicated to promoting the commercial use and development of the inland waterways in western Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19273167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273167" title="Antihuala">
Antihuala

Antihuala or Antiguala,(mapudungum: "anti": sun; "huala": duck.) is a town in the Los Álamos commune of the Arauco Province, Bío Bío Region, of Chile. On February 5, 1558, during the Arauco War, Pedro de Avendaño with sixty men captured the Mapuche Caupolicán lonco of Pilmaiquén and the Mapuche Gran Toqui nearby Antihuala encamped with a small band of followers. He was taken back to Cañete, where its corregidor Alonso de Reinoso tried him for rebellion and executed him by impalement.

</doc>
<doc id="19273171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273171" title="Southeast Lineman Training Center">
Southeast Lineman Training Center

Southeast Lineman Training Center, founded in 1999, is a private vocational school offering only one program, the Electrical Lineworker Program or ELP. The ELP is a 15 week training program for individuals desiring to become electrical lineworkers. SLTC is located in Trenton, Georgia approximately south of Chattanooga, Tennessee.
SLTC currently administers training to nearly 350 students per year in its Electrical Linewokrer Program and is one of the largest lineworker training schools in the United States.
History.
1999 - Southeast Lineman Training Center (founded in Trenton, Georgia on .
2000 - February 1, 2000 first class was delivery to 13 students.
2002 - Electrical Lineworker Program training building was constructed.
2003 - Expansion of training yard to include transmission training.
2004 - Construction of administration building and classrooms.
2007 - Additional land purchased to increase training yard to . CDL training grounds were added and two fifth wheel tractors purchased for CDL training.
2008 - Expansion of training yard to include substation training.
2011 - Expansion of training yard and increased enrollment to 140 students per term.
2014- School increases to 220 per term.

</doc>
<doc id="19273187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273187" title="J. J. Harrington">
J. J. Harrington

Joseph Julian "Monk" Harrington (February 18, 1919 – September 10, 2008) was a member of the North Carolina Senate from 1963 to 1988, representing the 1st District. During his last two terms in office (January 1985 – December 1988), Harrington, a Democrat, served as President pro tempore. He retired from the legislature in 1988 and was succeeded by Frank Ballance.
A lifelong resident of Bertie County, North Carolina, Harrington served in the United States Army during World War II. After playing minor league baseball, he returned home to work for the family farm implements manufacturing business. Before being elected to the legislature, he was a Lewiston town commissioner and a member of Lewiston-Woodville Local School Board. Harrington also served as a trustee of both Chowan College and Elizabeth City State College.
A bridge over the Roanoke River is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19273195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273195" title="Petra Martić">
Petra Martić

Petra Martić () (born 19 January 1991) is a professional tennis player from Croatia. Her highest career ranking is World No. 42, achieved on 11 June 2012.
Tennis career.
Early career: 2006–2009.
Her best result in her junior career was the quarter-finals in 2006 US Open. In 2008 she won the first tournament in her senior career, the Zagreb Ladies Open.
She qualified for the 2009 French Open. She lost there in the second round to 21-year-old Canadian world No. 24 Aleksandra Wozniak, 6–3, 6–3. Martić was on the defensive from the start, and gave up 27 winners. Martić then made it to another Portorož open QF, losing to defending champion and 5th seed Sara Errani. In 2008, Martić won the ITF Zagreb Open, defeating Yvonne Meusburger, and then made it to the QF of Banka Koper Slovenia Open, losing to Julia Görges.
2010.
Martić began 2010 by falling in the qualifying stages of the ASB Classic (lost to Chanelle Scheepers) and the Medibank International Sydney (lost to Kimiko Date-Krumm). She lost in the first round of the Australian Open, falling to Sabine Lisicki 6–1 6–4.
In February 2010, she had her best result to date, beating third seed and world number 15 Yanina Wickmayer in the first round of the 2010 Open GDF Suez, winning 6–4, 3–6, 7–5. Martić broke twice and dropped serve once. She lost in the next round to Ágnes Szávay 6–2, 6–4.
Martić qualified for the BNP Paribas Open, where she lost in the second round to Jelena Janković 6–3 7–6.
Martić also scored another big win at the 2010 Sony Ericsson Open in Miami as she defeated World No. 21 Aravane Rezaï 7–5, 5–7, 6–4 in the second round. She lost to Yanina Wickmayer in the third round, 6–3 6–3.
She lost in the first round of her next three tournaments, Andalucia Tennis Experience (lost to Estrella Cabeza Candela 1–6 7–6(3) 6–2 ), Grand Prix SAR La Princesse Lalla Meryem (lost to Alizé Cornet 7–6 6–4) and Estoril Open (lost to Kimiko Date-Krumm 6–7, 7–5, 7–6).
She was forced to retire in her first round match of the Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open whilst 4–6 2–1 down.
Her next tournament was the Warsaw Open where she lost 7–5, 6–7, 6–3 to Gréta Arn in the first round.
Martić was drawn against World Number 5 Elena Dementieva in the first round of the French open where she was beaten 6–1, 6–1.
She next participated in the ITF tournament in Marseilles where she reached the quarter finals, losing to Johanna Larsson 6–2, 2–6, 6–4 .
Martić only played one grass tournament in the 2010 season, Wimbledon. Here she beat British Number 1 Elena Baltacha 2–6 7–5 6–3 in the first round. She was due to play against Marion Bartoli in the second round, however she was forced to retire before the match.
After Wimbledon, Martić moved to hard court tournaments. She lost in the first round of Banka Koper Slovenia Open to Katarina Srebotnik and in the first round of İstanbul Cup to Vera Dushevina.
Martić was drawn against the top seed Caroline Wozniacki in the first edition of the E-Boks Danish Open where she lost 6–3 6–2.
2012.
Martić started the 2012 season losing in the first rounds of several tournaments including the Australian Open, Doha, and Dubai.
Martić reached her first WTA final at the 2012 where she upset the No. 3 seed Shuai Peng and the No. 2 seed Jelena Janković. She had to reitre in the final against Hsieh Su-wei.
After falling in the first rounds of Indian Wells and Miami, Martić made the semifinals of the 2012 e-Boks Open losing to Caroline Wozniacki, and the quarterfinals of the 2012 Budapest Grand Prix losing to Elena Vesnina.
Martić advanced to the fourth round of the 2012 French Open. She defeated Michaëlla Krajicek, World No. 8 Marion Bartoli, and Anabel Medina Garrigues. She lost in the fourth round to Angelique Kerber.
At the 2012 US Open, Martić drew defending champion Samantha Stosur in the first round, and was defeated 1–6, 1–6. She would, however, bounce back at the 2012 Toray Pan Pacific Open, upsetting World No. 5 Petra Kvitová in the second round. It was the first meeting between the two.

</doc>
<doc id="19273213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273213" title="ASCAP Foundation Richard Rodgers Award">
ASCAP Foundation Richard Rodgers Award

The ASCAP Foundation Richard Rodgers Award is an annual award presented by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), in recognition of lifetime achievement by composers and lyricists in musical theatre. Established by Dorothy Rodgers in honor of her late husband Richard Rodgers, the award was first presented to Howard Dietz in 1983. The honor was not presented in 1992, 1994, 2004, or 2005, and years with more than one recipient include 1984, 1990, 1993, 1995, and 1997.
The most recent recipient is Stephen Schwartz, who was presented the award in 2011. Betty Comden is the only female to receive the award. American composers or lyricists have received the Richard Rodgers Award each year it has been presented except in 1988 when British-born Jule Styne won the honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19273216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273216" title="Cinder Cliff">
Cinder Cliff

Cinder Cliff is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted during the Holocene period and is part of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19273219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273219" title="Haqiqat-e Afghan Association">
Haqiqat-e Afghan Association

Haqiqat-e Afghan (, "Afghan Reality") is a political movement in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19273222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273222" title="RNPV">
RNPV

In finance, rNPV (risk-adjusted net present value) or eNPV (expected NPV) is a method to value risky future cash flows. rNPV modifies the standard NPV calculation of discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis by adjusting (multiplying) each cash flow by the estimated probability that it occurs (the estimated success rate). In the language of probability theory, the rNPV is the expected value.
rNPV is the standard valuation method in the drug development industry, where sufficient data exists to estimate success rates for all R&D phases. In finance, a similar technique is used in the probability model of credit default swap (CDS) valuation, but in other financial contexts, risk is incorporated by adding a risk premium percentage to the discount rate.

</doc>
<doc id="19273239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273239" title="Christian Beldi">
Christian Beldi

Christian Beldi (born in Bucharest, 1958) is a Romanian pianist. He is a professor at the Robert Schumann Music College in Düsseldorf.

</doc>
<doc id="19273241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273241" title="Aceh Unity Party">
Aceh Unity Party

The Aceh Unity Party () is a regional political party in Indonesia. It is to contest the 2009 elections in the province of Aceh. The party is led by Farhan Hamid, a member of the legislature from the National Mandate Party (PAN).

</doc>
<doc id="19273249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273249" title="Prince Homer">
Prince Homer

The Prince Homer was a small commercial vehicle manufactured by the now defunct Prince Motor Company. It was available as a van, called the Homy, a double cab, or regular cab truck. The first model was known as the T64, and was sold as the Prince Homer or PMC T64. The T640 was introduced in 1966 and was sold as a Nissan (without any modifications aside from badging) due to Prince merging with Nissan. Production of the T640 ended in 1968.
The T641 Homer was introduced in 1968 and the slotted grille was replaced with a new 'cat-whiskers' grille. It was rebadged as the Nissan Homer for the Japanese domestic market, and was marketed in Europe and Australia as the Datsun Homer. There was also a Van version, codenamed V641. While the T641 was in production, a 1.25 ton version was built, called the T642. Unlike the T641, the T642 was not available in a van version. The Homer was sold in Taiwan by Yue Loong, originally as the "Yue Loong YLN-251".
Changes.
The T20 Homer was introduced in 1972, replacing the T641. The T20 used the same grille as the previous model, but the front signal indicators were taller. T20 production ended in 1976. The final Homer, the F20, was produced from 1976 to 1982 and had all-new bodywork. In September 1979 the F21 was introduced, the new model could pass the 1979 emissions standards and had also received a light facelift. The F20 version was also sold as the Nissan Cabstar in Japan (Datsun Cabstar abroad). Production ended in February 1982, when the Homer line was subsumed into Nissan's own new light truck, the F22 Nissan Atlas. Use of the Homer nameplate continued in Taiwan by Yue Loong on the F22 Atlas and on the Nissan Caravan E23 minibus ("Homer 747").
Specifications.
The Homer T640 was first fitted with the 1,484 cc OHV G1 engine found in the Prince Skyline 1500. In 1967, after the Nissan-Prince merger, it was refitted with a single carburettor version of the Datsun Fairlady's 1,595 cc in-line four R16 engine. The "T20" model produced from 1973 to 1976 was powered by the J15 engine (1,483 cc) or the J16 engine (1,567 cc). The "PF20" model with a 1,982 cc H20 engine was produced from 1976 to 1981, and the final model, the PF21, was produced from 1980 to 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19273253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273253" title="Joseph Harrington">
Joseph Harrington

Joseph Harrington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19273257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273257" title="Duće">
Duće

Duće is a Croatian village situated close to Omiš in the Split-Dalmatia County. It is a series of small settlements in Poljica, the area between the foot of the Mosor mountains and the Adriatic Sea. 
History.
The village was founded prior to the 12th century. The church of St. Marko is mentioned in 12th century documents while the church of St. Marija is older still. 
Duće previously formed a part of the Republic of Poljica ruled by the Grand Duke according to the decrees of the Poljica Statute. Such a heritage has left an indelible imprint on the area which is proud of its preserved examples of popular rural architecture. Today, Duće is a settlement that consists of two parts: the modern touristic one, located by the Adriatic Sea and the ancient, rural one, located in the foot of the Mosor mountains. 
The place comprises: Luke, Rogača, Vavlja, Golubinka, Glavice and Dočina. It was once a place only inhabited with the families: Vojnović, Škarica, Čepić, Bilanović, Škobalj and Želalić. Now it has around 2000 inhabitants. The most important economic activity is tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="19273284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273284" title="Fodé Bangoura">
Fodé Bangoura

Fodé Bangoura is a Guinean political figure, once a key aide to president Lansana Conté.

</doc>
<doc id="19273290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273290" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 5">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 5

The fifth competition weekend of the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was a two-day event focusing on the shorter distances, held at the M-Wave arena in Nagano, Japan, from Saturday, 13 December, until Sunday, 14 December 2008. It was the second and last World Cup in Asia of this season.
Schedule of events.
The timeschedule of the event is stands below.

</doc>
<doc id="19273295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273295" title="Shamili">
Shamili

Shamili, better known as Baby Shamili, is an Indian actress, who has primarily acted as a child actor in Malayalam, Tamil, Kannada and Telugu films. She is probably best known for her critically acclaimed performance as the mentally challenged child Anjali in the 1990 film "Anjali" that fetched her the National Film Award for Best Child Artist, and as a child trapped inside a bore-well in the 1992 film "Malootty" that fetched her a Kerala State Film Award for Best Child Artist.
Personal life.
Shamili hails from a family of actors, being the younger sister of actor Richard Rishi and actress Shalini who is married to actor Ajith Kumar. She was born to Babu & Alice.The family is a Protestant Christian.
She is doing a course in Singapore and holds a degree in 'Visual Communication' from Women's Christian College.
Acting career.
She started acting at the age of two. In 1990, she acted in Bharathan's "Malootty", a film based on Jessica McClure. Her performance won her critical appreciation and the Kerala State Film Award for Best Child Artist. Her breakthrough in Tamil came with Mani Ratnam's 'Anjali', in which she portrayed a mentally challenged child, which earned her the National Film Award for Best Child Artist. She also acted as a teenager in Fazil's "Harikrishnans" as Mammooty and Mohanlal's sibling. In Kannada has acted with well known actors like vishnuvardhan, ambreesh, sitara, shruthi, srinath, Geetha, Meghna, Vinaya Prasad, Sunil, Sathya priya, Bhavya, Lakshmi and abhijeet. In Kannada, she acted in "Dakshayini", "Kadambari" (1993), "Karulina Kudi" (1995), "Bhairavi" (1991),"Chinna Nee Naguthiru" (1993) Bhuvaneshwari (1994) matte haditu kogile (1990), hoovu hannu (1993) and jagadeshwari (1998).
She played her first female lead role in Anand Ranga's directorial debut "Oy!" alongside Siddarth. Though this movie didn't fare well at Box Office, but has got critical acclamation in terms of high movie values.
Her childhood films were directed mainly by ramnarayan,she was the child artist for whom the whole film was being done with senior artist playing supporting roles and she was in high demand in her realm.
External links.
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | National Film Award

</doc>
<doc id="19273304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273304" title="ASCAP Foundation Richard Rodgers New Horizons Award">
ASCAP Foundation Richard Rodgers New Horizons Award

The ASCAP Richard Rodgers New Horizons Award is an annual award presented by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers, in recognition of achievement by the best new composers of musical theater.
The award was established in 1996, by Mary Rodgers in honor of her late father Richard Rodgers. Winners have included Eric Whitacre, Andrew Lippa, and James McBride.

</doc>
<doc id="19273306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273306" title="Richard Rodgers Award">
Richard Rodgers Award

Richard Rodgers Award may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19273379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273379" title="Michele Brooks">
Michele Brooks

Michele Brooks is a member of Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 17th District and was elected in 2006. In June 2006, Brooks was selected by the local Republican committee to replace the retiring 10-year incumbent Rod Wilt on the ballot.
Prior to her election, she served as a member of the Mercer County Commissioners. She also was a member of the Jamestown Borough Council from 1996 through 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19273384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273384" title="Gerry Clarke">
Gerry Clarke

Gerry Clarke (born 1960 in Belfast) is a former Irish football player who played as a fullback.
He joined Shamrock Rovers in 1978 and played in 2 European Cup Winners' Cup games.
In January 1979 he moved to Larne F.C..
Clarke also played for Glenavon F.C. and now lives in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19273388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273388" title="Sean Core">
Sean Core

Sean Core (born in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a half back.
He joined Shamrock Rovers in 1965 and played in 3 European Cup Winners' Cup games one of which was a draw at Dalymount Park against FC Bayern Munich.
In January 1968 he joined Sligo Rovers F.C. as a full time professional. In March he was suspended for the rest of that season [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1968/0307/Pg003.html#Ar00300:09A1950D01AE06F1F608E20C10E2F01303050621960901B01BD19D1F81B712B22315323916519A1B81B4].
Signed for Shelbourne F.C. in August 1968 [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1968/0820/Pg003.html#Ar00304:6B85046D851A72C5DD74D5F26905046B051A6825126B152774C60677A61B73550677751B6FD60673F61B].
In August 1972 he was placed on his own request, on the transfer list [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1972/0825/Pg004.html#Ar00419:2BA5162D55262995162AC5262AD5142B3527].
Played for Rialto before signing for Limerick F.C. in December 1972 [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1972/1206/Pg003.html#Ar00302:7441F975120E74F1FB76420E7131F971D20E71C1FB73220E5B34745EE48A62A5916645A6].
Was released at the end of the 1974/75 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19273389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273389" title="Made in Paris">
Made in Paris

Made in Paris is a 1966 American romantic comedy film directed by Boris Sagal and starring Louis Jourdan, Ann-Margret, Richard Crenna, and Chad Everett.
This was the last screen credit for veteran MGM musical director Georgie Stoll before retirement.
Plot.
An American girl finds love and laughter in the City of Light in this romantic comedy. Maggie Scott (Ann-Margret) works as an assistant to Irene Chase (Edie Adams), a fashion purchaser for a large clothing store in the United States. Irene sends Maggie to Paris as her representative for the annual fashion shows of the major European designers, but Irene has an ulterior motive, as her son Ted Barclay (Chad Everett) is infatuated with Maggie and she wants to keep him away from her. 
While in Paris, Maggie strikes up a romance with Marc Fontaine (Louis Jourdan), a handsome Frenchman and famous fashion designer who was once Irene's boyfriend. However, Maggie is also being pursued by American reporter based in Paris, Herb Stone (Richard Crenna). To add to the confusion, Ted decides to fly to Paris in an effort to win Maggie's heart once and for all.

</doc>
<doc id="19273392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273392" title="1981–82 DFB-Pokal">
1981–82 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1981–82 was the 39th season of the competition. It began on 28 August 1981 and ended on 1 May 1982. In the final Bayern Munich defeated FC Nuremberg 4–2. Bayern thus won the trophy for the sixth time. It was the last season, that the cup was held with 128 teams participating. Afterwards the competition was scaled down to 64 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19273401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273401" title="Francis Hurt">
Francis Hurt

Francis Hurt (born 22 October 1803 at Wirksworth, Derbyshire; died 1 April 1861 at Alderwasley, Derbyshire) was an English Tory politician who represented the constituency of South Derbyshire.
Biography.
Hurt was born at Rock House Cromford, the son of Francis Edward Hurt and his wife Elizabeth Arkwright, the daughter of Richard Arkwright Junior. 
Hurt played a first-class cricket match for Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in 1840, being out for nought in both innings.
Hurt became MP for Derbyshire South in 1837 but lost the seat in 1841. He lived at Alderwasley Hall which had been in the Hurt family since 1690. He was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1860, Deputy Lieutenant and J. P..
In 1851, Hurt rebuilt in stone an Observatory called Crich Stand on a limestone cliff overlooking Crich. This had originally been erected by his grandfather in 1788 at a cost of £210. This was rebuilt in 1923 as a Memorial Tower for those of the Sherwood Foresters regiment who died in battle, particularly in World War I. Hurt also built a wooden house on a height in the Alderwasley woods in 1857 which was used for picnics. This was on or near the site of the "Earl's Chamber", a hunting lodge belonging to Edmund Earl of Lancaster, brother of Edward I.
Hurt married Cecilia Norman, daughter of Richard Norman of Melton Mowbray and niece to the Duke of 'Rutland. Their son Captain Francis R. Hurt was killed in the Crimean War in the attack on the Redan on 18 June 1855.

</doc>
<doc id="19273410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273410" title="African Institute for Future Studies">
African Institute for Future Studies

The African Institute for Future Studies, also known as Panafrican Institute for Future Studies or INADEP, is a research institution and university founded in 1989 by the President of Zaire (present day Democratic Republic of the Congo) (Ordinance 89–287 of 9 November 1989). It is located in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo, though it was originally located in Zomba, Malawi. In addition to subsidiary departments that are funded for the future studies or for the exploration of the future, INADEP has funded a Centre for the exploration of the past, named Diop's Center for Egyptology. INADEP is a member of the National Research Council of Congo and one of the National Government Organizations devoted exclusively to scientific research and to the training of new researchers.
Origin.
In 1976 the United Nations, through its Economic Commission for Africa (EGA) launched the idea of founding an African Institute for Studies of the Future. In 1977, the IXth Conference for ECA ministers defined the objectives of the Institute. In 1980m Professor Mahdi Elmandjra conducted a feasibility study entitled Report on the Desirability and Feasibility of Establishing an African Institute for Advanced public Policy Analysis and Future Studies. In 1981, the OAU summit held in Nairobi approved the idea of founding an Institute for decolonising the future. In 1982, the Conference for EGA Ministers approved the idea of establishing the Institute. In 1987 the book "Reconquering the Future" was published at the request of UNDP.
Foundation.
In 1985, the International Symposium on Africa and its Future thinks it is appropriate to start an African Centre for Studies of the Future. President Mobutu Sese Seko agrees to the idea and offers to provide initial infrastructural facilities in Kinshasa.
Ordinance 89–287 of 9 November 1989 prescribed the foundation of a public institution called "Institut Africain d'Etudes Prospectives" (INADEP), and in 1990 the Center for Egyptology was added. The chairman of the Centre for Egyptology is Mubabinge Bilolo.
Objectives.
The Institute is an Africa-oriented study centre and, as such, pursues the following main objectives:
Support.
The INADEP receives support and encouragement from international institutions such as UNDP, OAU, EGA, UNESCO, UNICEF, ABDA, ABD, EEC, and the World Bank. It also receives support from specialised centres in France, Great Britain, Germany, the United States, Scandinavian Countries, Japan, and the Soviet Union.
Programme.
Immediate actions.
The programme includes a campaign for the cohesion of African countries and for obtaining of assistance expected from international organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="19273430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273430" title="Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

The men's C-2 1000 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics program on Lake Albano.
Results.
Heats.
Eleven teams first raced in two heats on August 26. The top three finishers from each heat advanced directly to the final and the remaining five teams were relegated to the repechage.
Repechage.
The top three finishers in the repechage (raced on August 27) advanced to the final while the rest were eliminated.
The American team was disqualified for reasons not disclosed in the official report.
Final.
The final was held on August 29.
Bulgaria's time was not listed in the official report, but was found in Wallechinsky and Loucky's reference shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="19273464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273464" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 6">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 6

The sixth competition weekend of the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was a two-day event focusing on the shorter distances, held at the Kometa Ice Rink in Kolomna, Russia, from Saturday, 24 January, until Sunday, 25 January 2009.
Schedule of events.
The timeschedule of the event stands below.

</doc>
<doc id="19273465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273465" title="Kangaroo Ground War Memorial Park">
Kangaroo Ground War Memorial Park

Kangaroo Ground War Memorial Park is a war memorial occupying Garden Hill, Kangaroo Ground, in Melbourne, Australia, the tallest hill for many miles around. Its main feature is the Tower of Remembrance, opened in 1926.
Tall conifers surround the tower, hiding it almost completely; however, from the viewing platform at the top of the tower, which is open to the public and accessible by steep internal stairs, panoramic views are available over the treetops. During summer, the tower is used for fire spotting.

</doc>
<doc id="19273469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273469" title="Neil Taylor">
Neil Taylor

Neil Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19273484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273484" title="KHBL-LP">
KHBL-LP

KHBL-LP (96.9 FM) is a non-commercial radio station licensed to serve Hannibal, Missouri. The station is owned by KHBL, a not for profit corporation in Missouri. It airs a community radio format. The station's music programming includes a mix of music from the 1950s to the present.
The station was assigned the KHBL-LP call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on February 19, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19273487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273487" title="Werner Ulrich">
Werner Ulrich

Werner Ulrich (born 1948, Berne, Switzerland) is a Swiss social scientist and practical philosopher, and a former professor of the theory and practice of social planning at the University of Fribourg. He is known as one of the originators of "critical systems thinking" (CST).
Biography.
Ulrich received doctoral degrees in Economics and Social Sciences from the University of Fribourg in 1975, and a Ph.D. in Philosophy of Social Systems Design from the University of California at Berkeley in 1980, where he studied and worked with C. West Churchman. 
Back in Switzerland, in 1981, Ulrich started a double career as policy analyst in government at the Canton of Bern, and academic teacher at the University of Fribourg. Here he was appointed Titular Professor of Social Planning in the Faculty of Arts. He has also been Visiting Professor at the University of Hull, the University of Lincoln, the University of Canterbury in Christchurch, New Zealand, and the Open University in Milton Keynes, UK. Ulrich is now retired from his professorship at the University of Fribourg but remains Honorary Visiting Professor at the Open University. 
In 2001, he initiated the Lugano Summer School of Systems Design at the University of Lugano, which he has been directing since.
Ulrich is co-founder and coeditor of the "Journal of Research Practice".
Publications.
Ulrich wrote a few books and some 175 articles. A selection:
Articles, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="19273500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273500" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 7">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 7

The seventh competition weekend of the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was held in the Gunda Niemann-Stirnemann Halle in Erfurt, Germany, from Friday, 30 January, until Sunday, 1 February 2009.
Schedule of events.
The timeschedule of the event stands below

</doc>
<doc id="19273549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273549" title="Vincent Boury">
Vincent Boury

Vincent Boury, born in 1969, is a French table tennis player.
He represented France at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, in class 2, and beat fellow French competitor Stéphane Molliens to win gold.
He had previously won a silver medal at the 1996 Summer Paralympics, and a bronze at the 2000 Games. He has also been vice-world champion in 1998, 2002 and 2006, and won the team event at the 2002 World Cup.
Boury works as a security engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="19273550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273550" title="Uta Weyand">
Uta Weyand

Uta Weyand is a German pianist, born in Reutlingen. Weyand, who started her concert career in 1989, is currently active in Germany and Spain, where she settled after winning the 1996 José Iturbi competition. A former professor at Castellón's Conservatory, she currently teaches at the Madrid Royal Conservatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19273581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273581" title="Steven J. Dick">
Steven J. Dick

Steven J. Dick (born October 24, 1949, Evansville, Indiana) is an American astronomer, author and historian of science most noted for his work in the field of astrobiology. Dick served as the Chief Historian for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration from 2003 to 2009. Before that he was an astronomer and historian of science at the United States Naval Observatory in Washington, DC, from 1979 to 2003.
Career.
Steven J. Dick received a Bachelor of Science in astrophysics from Indiana University in 1971. In 1977, he obtained a Master of Arts and a Ph.D. in the history and philosophy of science. For 24 years, Dick worked as an astronomer and historian of science for United States Naval Observatory in Washington, D.C., including three years at the Naval Observatory's Southern Hemisphere station in New Zealand. There he was part of a team using transit telescopes and astrographs to chart the northern and southern skies. During this time he also wrote the history of the Observatory, the first national observatory of the United States, published as "Sky and Ocean Joined: The U. S. Naval Observatory, 1830-2000".
In 2003, he was named the Chief Historian for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). During his years at NASA, Dick wrote on the importance of exploration to society, commissioned numerous histories of spaceflight, and edited several volumes on the societal impact of space flight and on the occasion of the 50th anniversaries of NASA and the space age. Dick also received the NASA Group Achievement Award "for initiating the new NASA multidisciplinary program in astrobiology, including the definition of the field of astrobiology, the formulation and initial establishment of the NASA Astrobiology Institute, and the development of a Roadmap to guide future NASA investments in astrobiology."
Dick's published work in the field of astrobiology includes "Plurality of Worlds: The Origins of the Extraterrestrial Life Debate from Democritus to Kant" (Cambridge University Press, 1982); "The Biological Universe: The Twentieth Century Extraterrestrial Life Debate and the Limits of Science" (Cambridge University Press, 1996); "Life on Other Worlds: The 20th Century Extraterrestrial Life Debate" (1998), and, with James Strick, "The Living Universe: NASA and the Development of Astrobiology" (2005). These works are among the first scholarly volumes to take the history of the extraterrestrial life debate seriously. They argue that since the ancient Greeks, extraterrestrial life has been a theme tied to scientific cosmologies, including the ancient atomist, Copernican, Cartesian, and Newtonian worldviews. Dick argues that from an epistemological point of view the methods of astrobiology in the twentieth century are as empirical as in any historical science such as astronomy or geology. Dick has also surveyed the field of astrobiology in "Critical Issues in the History, Philosophy, and Sociology of Astrobiology" (Astrobiology, Vol. 12, No. 10, 2012). On December 4, 2013, he testified on astrobiology before the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, arguing that SETI funding should be restored and integrated with the NASA astrobiology program.
Aside from his work in astrobiology Dick is known for advancing the ideas of cosmotheology and the postbiological universe. Cosmotheology holds that theology should be based on what we know about the universe, namely that we are not in a central physical position, and possibly not in a central position biologically. The idea of a postbiological universe emerges from taking seriously cultural evolution as an integral part of cosmic evolution, and application of the Intelligence Principle. The latter states that the improvement of intelligence is the central driving force of cultural evolution, and that to the extent a civilization can improve its intelligence, it will improve its intelligence. Assuming the “strong artificial intelligence” goal is possible, most intelligent life existing beyond the Earth will have evolved to postbiological machine intelligence, with implications for the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI).
In his book "Discovery and Classification in Astronomy" Dick argues that scientific discovery is an extended process involving the efforts of many individuals across multiple stages of detection, interpretation and understanding. This finding, which redefines the nature of scientific discovery, is contrary to common expectations. The book also defines 82 classes of astronomical objects, and orders them into “Astronomy’s Three Kingdoms,” astronomy’s first comprehensive classification system.
Dick served as Chairman of the Historical Astronomy Division of the American Astronomical Society (1993–1994), as President of the History of Astronomy Commission of the International Astronomical Union (1997-2000) and as President of the Philosophical Society of Washington. He is on the editorial board for the "Journal for the History of Astronomy" and the "Journal of Astronomical History and Heritage". From 2011-2012 he held the Charles A. Lindbergh Chair in Aerospace History at the National Air & Space Museum. In 2013 Dick was named the Baruch S. Blumberg NASA/Library of Congress Chair in Astrobiology.
Honors.
Dick is the recipient of the NASA Exceptional Service Medal and the Navy Meritorious Civilian Service Medal. In 2006, Dick received the LeRoy E. Doggett Prize from the American Astronomical Society for a career that "has significantly influenced the field of the history of astronomy." Also in 2006, Dick was selected to deliver the first Billingham Cutting Edge Lecture, at the International Astronautical Congress in Valencia, Spain. In 2009, minor planet 6544 Stevendick was named in his honor. In 2012 he was elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.

</doc>
<doc id="19273591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273591" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 8">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 8

The eighth competition weekend of the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was a two-day event focusing on allround-events, held in Thialf, Heerenveen, Netherlands, from Saturday, 14 February, until Sunday, 15 February 2009.
Schedule of events.
The timeschedule of the event is not yet communicated but the distances are already announced:

</doc>
<doc id="19273598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273598" title="Sagan (film)">
Sagan (film)

Sagan is a 2008 French biographical film, directed by Diane Kurys, starring Sylvie Testud as French author Françoise Sagan and Pierre Palmade as a dancer and a society man, Jacques Chazot, who was very well known in France. The film starts in the mid-1950s as Sagan (then still known under her real name Quoirez) closes a publishing deal for her controversial debut novel "Bonjour Tristesse".
The film then follows Sagan's road to fame, her drug abuse, alcoholism, and gambling, her hedonistic lifestyle spending too much and becoming poor, as well as several complex love affairs with both men and women.
"Sagan" was released in France on June 11, 2008 and received mixed reviews.
Synopsis.
In 1958, Françoise Sagan is 23 years old. Her first couple of novels have made her rich and famous. She lives an easy life, filled with sex and debauchery, surrounded by her group of friends. On the 8th of August that year, at the Casino in Deauville, she gambles her last chips on the number 8 and wins 8 million francs, with which, a couple of hours later, she buys the house which she rented, in nearby Honfleur. This makes her the owner of that property, and she vows that she will never leave the place. Why is she, 40 years later, living there all alone, as a recluse? What events made a young promising novelist end up all alone, without the ones she loved, and used, all those years?
"Note: This is an English translation of the French synopsis supplied by the production company."

</doc>
<doc id="19273599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273599" title="Roll with Me">
Roll with Me

"Roll with Me" is a song written by Clint Daniels and Tommy Karlas, and recorded by American country music duo Montgomery Gentry. It was released in August 2008 as the second single from their album "Back When I Knew It All". It became their twentieth single to reach the Top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts and on the weeks of December 20—27, 2008 has become their fifth Number One song.
The song is part of the tracklist for Now That's What I Call Country Volume 2.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo ballad, featuring lead vocals from Troy Gentry and background vocals from Five for Fighting. In it, the narrator sings about taking lyrical inspiration from the world around him, and learning the life lessons about which he sings. This sentiment is reflected in the lines "I'm thinking it's time to be livin' the rhyme / When I'm singing a song about nothing but right / And it'd sure be nice if you would roll with me."
According to "Country Weekly", songwriter Tommy Karlas wrote the song after he could not sleep due to insomnia. He got together with fellow songwriter Clint Daniels to finish it. Karlas added the second verse when he thought about a high school friend who had died.
Montgomery Gentry released a rap remix with country-rapper Colt Ford as well.
Reception.
Eddie Montgomery, the other half of the duo, said of the song: "It's got the groove factor; it's just unreal. I think it's the best performance I've ever heard from my brother over here. Emotionally, you can tell when he sings it, it's from the heart."
Reviewing the song for Country Universe, critic Leeann Ward gave the song a C rating. She considered the lyrics cliché and nonsensical but called the melody "rather pleasant sounding". Thom Jurek of Allmusic considered it "obligatory" and "spiritually minded".
Music video.
The music video, directed by Steven L. Weaver, features stop motion animation. An interactive version of the video was also posted on the website Hear Something Country, presenting a 360-degree view of the video. The video features actor Darren Criss.
Chart performance.
For the week of December 20, 2008, the song became their second consecutive and fifth overall number one hit, where it remained on top for two weeks. It also has become their second Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 33.

</doc>
<doc id="19273630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273630" title="Kumki, India">
Kumki, India

Kumki is a town in Arunachal Pradesh in the district of Changlang. It is one of the easternmost permanently populated towns of India.
I am from the place where coordinates point. But there is no such town in that locality. Perhaps a mistake in coordinates -- 27.126°N 97.167°E.

</doc>
<doc id="19273634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273634" title="Christophe Durand">
Christophe Durand

Christophe Durand is a French table tennis player.
He won his first Paralympic medal, a gold, at the 2000 Summer Paralympic Games. At the 2004 Games, he won a bronze in the individual event, and another in the team event. He represented France again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, in class 4/5, and won gold by defeating South Korea's Jung Eun-Chang in five sets.

</doc>
<doc id="19273658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273658" title="Gene DiGirolamo">
Gene DiGirolamo

Gene D. DiGirolamo (born March 28, 1950) is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 18th District and first elected in 1995.
Career.
Prior to elective office, DiGirolamo owned and managed his family's farm, DiGirolamo Farms, with his uncle Joe, who is now mayor of Bensalem Township, Pennsylvania.
In 1990, he was elected as Bensalem Township’s auditor and in 1993, he served as chairman of the Bensalem Board of Auditors. 
DiGirolamo was elected to the House in 1994 to replace Rep. Tommy Tomlinson who ran successfully for the Pennsylvania State Senate. He has been re-elected six times.
Representative DiGirolamo serves as the Republican Chairman of the House Labor Relations Committee. He is also on the House Health and Human Services Committee and has been reappointed to the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association's Oversight Committee.
In 2002, his campaign website was praised as being among the best of the election cycle.
Personal.
DiGirolamo is a graduate of Bishop Egan High School and attended Delaware Valley College and Holy Family College. Representative DiGirolamo and his wife Donna have four children, two sons and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19273668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273668" title="Kibithu">
Kibithu

Kibithu is a town in Arunachal Pradesh in Anjaw district. It is one of the easternmost permanently populated town of India, located on the LAC (line of actual control) at . It is located on the last road head of extreme northeast of northeastern India. The Lohit River enters India at Kibithu. 
It is amongst the most beautiful towns of Arunachal Pradesh with dozens of rivulets and waterfalls. They make the entire journey of apprx 230 km from tezu to kibthu highly romantic and picturesque. It is uniquely located on the trijunction, with China to the north and Myanmar to the east. One of the hanging bridges at Kibithu is situated high above the Lohit River and requires strong nerves to cross during the high winds. The people of Kibithu and its adjoining villages are hardworking, simple and very cooperative. 
Trekking from Kibithu to Taluk pass on the Myanmar border is most demanding as one has to encounter many natural hurdles. Along this route one finds many useful herbs (some almost magical), orchids, wild life, hotsprings and remains of a crashed vintage 1950s aircraft hanging precariously above the pass. Kibithu also serves as starting point for white water rafting (level 5). The mountain peaks around Kibthu range from 10,000 ft to 16,000 ft. These mountains are hard to climb because of their steep sides.
The residents of the hotspring town, on the nearby Dichu River, dwell in some of the most challenging and difficult living conditions in India. 
Kibithu was at the heart of the Sino-Indian war of 1962 and it served as the entry/launching point of the Chinese attack in the region. Many Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives there before slaying approximately 4000 Chinese troops at Namti (the battle of Walong). The Chinese army still has a sizable deployment of troops opposite Kibithu Tatu, Tithang and at Rongtu Chu valley west of Tithang (Rima). The entire Chinese deployment opposite Kibithu is maintained via the Rau transit point. 
Prior to 1962 Indians were supplying rice and other rations from Kibithu to Rima cooperative for Tibetan villagers. These rations were ultimately consumed by Chinese PLA troops during their deployment before 1962 war.

</doc>
<doc id="19273669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273669" title="French cruiser Léon Gambetta">
French cruiser Léon Gambetta

The Léon Gambetta was a French Navy armoured cruiser of 12,400 tons, the lead ship of the her class. The "Gambettas" were larger than previous armoured cruisers of the class, but they lacked the heavier firepower. They also were vulnerable to underwater attacks.
Early history.
She was launched on 26 October 1901 at the Arsenal de Brest. While on steam trial in December 1903, she struck an unknown pinnacle of rock off Black Rock Islands near Brest in fog and suffered considerable damage. Repairs were not complete until mid-1904.
Sinking.
On the night of 27 April 1915, when south of Santa Maria di Leuca (the south-eastern tip of Italy in the Ionian Sea) in position , she was torpedoed twice by Austro-Hungarian submarine under the command of "Korvettenkapitän" Georg Ludwig Ritter von Trapp, patriarch of the Von Trapp Family Singers.
"Léon Gambetta" was part of the French fleet based at Malta blockading the Austrian Navy in the Adriatic, usually from a position south of the Strait of Otranto. At this time the blockade line was moved further north because of expected Austrian naval activity – the Allies were negotiating with the Italians which shortly led to them declaring war on Austria-Hungary. In spite of the growing threat from Austrian and now German U-boats in the Mediterranean, the armoured cruiser was patrolling unescorted at a reported on a clear, calm night just to the south of the Otranto Straits when she was torpedoed by the "U-5".
"Léon Gambetta" sank in just 10 minutes. Out of 821 men on board, 684 including Rear Admiral Victor Baptistin Senes, commander of the 2nd Light Division, were lost along with all commissioned officers. There were 137 survivors. The French cruiser patrol line was moved South to the longitude of Cephalonia, western Greece. Other sources place her loss off Cape Leuca.

</doc>
<doc id="19273676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273676" title="Obaidullah (disambiguation)">
Obaidullah (disambiguation)

Obaidullah (also spelled Obaydullah, Obeidallah, Ubayd Allah, or Ubaydullah) () is a male Arabic given name that means "little servant of God".

</doc>
<doc id="19273680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273680" title="Poloidal–toroidal decomposition">
Poloidal–toroidal decomposition

In vector analysis, a mathematical discipline, a poloidal–toroidal decomposition of a three-dimensional solenoidal vector field F writes it as a sum of a poloidal vector field and a toroidal vector field:
Thus, the vector field can be considered to be generated by a pair of scalar potentials Ψ and Φ. This decomposition is analogous to a Helmholtz decomposition, and has been used in dynamo theory.
Poloidal and toroidal vector fields.
A vector field formula_2 is called toroidal if it can be written as formula_3 for some scalar field formula_4. Every toroidal field is solenoidal, because the divergence of the curl vanishes. A solenoidal vector field formula_2 is toroidal if and only if it is tangential to spheres around the origin (formula_6).
A vector field formula_2 is called poloidal if it is the curl of a toroidal field; in other words, if there is a scalar field formula_8 such that formula_9. Thus, the curl of a toroidal field is poloidal; reversibly, the curl of a poloidal field is toroidal. This leads to another characterization of poloidal vector fields: a solenoidal vector field is poloidal if and only if its curl is tangential to spheres around the origin.
The decomposition.
Every solenoidal vector field formula_2 can be written as the sum of a toroidal and poloidal field. This decomposition is unique if it is required that the average of the scalar fields formula_4 and formula_8 vanishes on every sphere of radius formula_13.
Poloidal–toroidal decompositions also exist in Cartesian coordinates, but a mean-field flow has to included in this case. For example, every solenoidal vector field can be written as
where formula_15 denote the unit vectors in the coordinate directions.

</doc>
<doc id="19273684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273684" title="Bunty Lawless Stakes">
Bunty Lawless Stakes

The Bunty Lawless Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. An Ontario Sire Stakes, it is a race for horses age three and older. Run near the end of October, it is contested over a distance of 1 mile (8 furlongs) on turf and currently carries a purse of $125,000.
Inaugurated in 1975, it is named in honor of Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Bunty Lawless (1935–1956) who, in a 1951 poll conducted by Canadian Press, was voted "Canadian Horse of the Half Century."
In 2006 the race was run at a distance of 8 furlongs and 70 yards on Polytrack.
Records.
Speed record: (Through 1998, Woodbine times were recorded in fifths of a second. Since 1999 they are in hundredths of a second)
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="19273685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273685" title="Railway Vehicle Preservation Company">
Railway Vehicle Preservation Company

The Railway Vehicle Preservation Society ("Gesellschaft zur Erhaltung von Schienenfahrzeugen e.V." or GES) is one of the oldest societies in Germany that runs a museum railway. The headquarters of the GES is in Stuttgart.
Formation.
The society was founded on 8 December 1965 and originally consisted of a group of tramway fans within the so-called "Verkehrsfreunde Stuttgart" society, that had signed up for the preservation and care of the last remaining railcar, no. 126, from the former "Filderbahn" as well as other historically valuable trams. After the Stuttgart Tram Company ("Stuttgarter Straßenbahnen" or "SSB") had initially shown no interest at all in building up a museum collection and the "Filderbahn" railcar 126 could only be preserved by keeping it at Ludwigsburg, the GES turned at the end of the 1960s to the more promising theme of opening a railway. The engagement of the GES for the preservation and subsequent restoration of the "Filderbahn" wagon, laid the foundation stone for the present-day collection of the "Stuttgarter Historische Straßenbahnen".
Timetable.
Today the GES runs regular museum railway operations using the historical train consists "Feuriger Elias" ('Fiery Elias') and "Sofazügle" (literally: 'Little Sofa Train'). Due to the ban on steam locomotives issued by the Deutsche Bundesbahn between 1977 and 1985 they had to restrict all their operations to private railway lines on the "Strohgäubahn" from Korntal-Münchingen to Weissach or the "Tälesbahn" between Nürtingen and Neuffen. The trains are still homed there today. To begin with, special trips were also run on the WEG routes from Enz Nord to Enzweihingen and, up to 1982, on the "Filderbahn" between Stuttgart-Möhringen, Stuttgart-Vaihingen, Leinfelden and Neuhausen auf den Fildern. From 1985 specials were also offered on other routes in the Stuttgart area.
Hohenzollern train.
The GES has in its possession a cultural monument to the state of Baden-Württemberg in the shape of the Hohenzollern train. It comprises vehicles that were operated by the Hohenzollern Branch Line Company ("Hohenzollerischen Kleinbahn Gesellschaft", from 1907 the "Hohenzollerische Landesbahn"). The majority of these are deployed in museum railway services on the "Tälesbahn" as part of the so-called "Sofazügle".
Tourist train vehicles.
The GES is presently working on restoring a Württemberg T 3 (K.W.St.E no. 930 and DRG no. 89 363), work that should be completed in the next few years.

</doc>
<doc id="19273689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273689" title="Hot Enough for June">
Hot Enough for June

Hot Enough for June is a 1964 British spy comedy film directed by Ralph Thomas, and featuring Dirk Bogarde, Sylva Koscina in her English film debut, Robert Morley and Leo McKern. It is based on the 1960 novel "The Night of Wenceslas" by Lionel Davidson. The film was cut by twenty minutes and retitled Agent 8¾ for the US release by the American distributor Central Distributing.
Part of a trend of spy films in the wake of the success of the James Bond series, its art director was Syd Cain, who had the same job on the first two Bond films. Koscina herself had been considered for the role of Tatiana Romanova in "From Russia with Love".
Plot.
Roger Allsop (John Le Mesurier) turns over some belongings to a clerk, who stows them in a drawer marked 007 before turning the identifying card over to read "deceased". Allsop and his superior, Colonel Cunliffe (Robert Morley), then discuss the necessity to send someone to pick up something behind the Iron Curtain.
Unemployed British writer Nicholas Whistler (Dirk Bogarde) is sent by the employment exchange to be interviewed by Cunliffe, supposedly for a job as a trainee executive for a glass company. Cunliffe discovers Whistler speaks Czech, and offers him an exorbitant salary, plus expenses.
Whistler is given puzzling instructions to meet someone who will respond to his remark, "Hot enough for June", by stating he should have been there in September, before being sent that very day to Prague on a "business" trip. On his arrival, he is assigned a beautiful driver and guide, Vlasta (Sylva Koscina). She drives him to inspect a glass factory, where he finally discovers the washroom attendant is his man. However, he has to come back another day to make contact without arousing suspicion.
That night, he takes Vlasta to dinner. Unbeknownst to him, she is an agent of the secret police. The communists know (though he himself does not yet realise it) that he is actually working for British intelligence, and keep him under surveillance. He and Vlasta spend the next day together as well. They are attracted to each other, and she invites him to stay the night at her surprisingly luxurious home.
When Whistler revisits the factory, the attendant gives him a piece of paper and informs him that he is a spy. Vlasta arranges to meet him secretly that night; she warns him to return to England immediately. However, when he returns to the hotel, Simenova (Leo McKern), the head of the secret police, is waiting. He presents Whistler with a stark choice: sign a confession or suffer a fatal accidental fall. Whistler manages to escape.
Evading a manhunt, he turns to the only person who might be willing to help him: Vlasta. When he reaches her house in the morning, however, he is shocked to find her seeing her father, Simenova, off to work. After Simenova leaves, Whistler confronts Vlasta. She offers to help him reach the British embassy, despite a cordon of communist agents. To demonstrate his good faith, he burns the slip of paper so that neither side can have it. Her plan almost succeeds, but by sheer bad luck, Simenova is leaving the embassy as Whistler approaches and recognises him, forcing him to flee once more. Finally, he reaches the embassy by knocking out a milkman and taking his place.
Cunliffe informs him that he is being exchanged for a spy the British have caught. At the airport, he is pleasantly surprised to find that Vlasta has been assigned to the trade mission in London and is departing on the same airliner.
Production.
Film rights to Lionel Davidson's novel were originally bought by American producer Hal Wallis, who wanted to make the film with Laurence Harvey. However, Wallis and Harvey had a falling out and the rights went instead to Rank and producer Betty E. Box.
Dirk Bogarde at first turned it down the lead role, as he had just made "The Servant" (1963). Box and director Ralph Thomas were not unduly concerned as they did not feel Bogarde was ideal casting anyway, and approached Tom Courtney instead. However, Bogarde was informed by his manager that he needed the money, so he changed his mind and accepted the role. Shooting took place in Padua, representing Prague.
Reception.
Howard Thompson of "The New York Times" was unimpressed, calling it "a slick, bland shuffling of drollery and suspense, not especially new, at least by now, nor really funny." He singled out one performance for praise: "Most of the real fun comes from the mouth of Robert Morley ..."

</doc>
<doc id="19273700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273700" title="2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 9">
2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup – World Cup 9

The ninth and final competition weekend of the 2008–09 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was a three-day event with races in all cups except the team pursuits, held at the Utah Olympic Oval in Salt Lake City, United States, from Friday, March 6, until Sunday, March 8, 2009.
American Shani Davis set new world records for the 1000 and 1500 meters distances.
Schedule of events.
Timeschedule of the event:

</doc>
<doc id="19273705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273705" title="Dafdar">
Dafdar

Dafdar or Daftar (Chinese: 达佈达尔, pinyin: Dábùdá'ĕr) is a village in the disputed Taghdumbash Pamir located in Tashkurgan Tajik Autonomous County, Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China. It is inhabited by Wakhis. The village lies at an altitude of 3,400 m above sea level, just to the east of the Karakoram Highway.
During the Qing Dynasty the Chinese claimed suzerainty over the area but permitted the Mir of Hunza to administer the region in return for a tribute. The Mir erected a cairn in the village to evidence his control. The villagers stopped paying tribute to Hunza in 1937.
It is the northernmost point claimed by India as a part of the state Jammu and Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="19273712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273712" title="Géry Leuliet">
Géry Leuliet

Géry-Jacques-Charles Leuliet (born January 12, 1910) is a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and the oldest bishop of the Catholic Church at years of age.
Leuliet was born in France, and was ordained to the priesthood on July 8, 1933, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Arras. He was appointed Bishop of Amiens on February 14, 1963 and received his episcopal consecration on May 9, 1963.
Leuliet retired January 15, 1985 and turned 100 on January 12, 2010 as the bishop's dean in France. Upon the death of Nguyen Van Thien on May 13, 2012, he became the oldest bishop in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19273725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273725" title="International High School (New Jersey)">
International High School (New Jersey)

International High School is a four-year public high school in Paterson, New Jersey, United States, that serves grades 9 through 12 operating as part of the Paterson Public Schools. The school is intended to create an educational environment that "respects diversity and celebrates the multicultural atmosphere of Paterson". It offers a curriculum of international and global studies that also address government, business, legal, and law enforcement subjects. It stresses key organizational skills, such as oral speaking and presentations, research, and debate. Students are required to strive to be conversant in a language other than their native language.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 354 students and 37.0 classroom teachers on a full-time equivalent (FTE) basis for a student–teacher ratio of 9.57:1. There were 239 students (67.5% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 17 (4.8% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 238th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 228th out of 322 schools in its 2010 magazine story. "New Jersey Monthly" developed the 2012 rankings based on data from New Jersey School Report Card for 2010-2011 school year from New Jersey Department of Education. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 243rd out of 389 public high schools statewide in its 2011-2012 school year rankings, which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA). This was a significant improvement from 2009-2010 when it was ranked 354th out of 376 public high schools.
Building.
Since its establishment in 2001 with an enrollment of 160 students, the school had occupied several leased sites, the final one being the former Don Bosco Technical High School, which was then purchased by the New Jersey Schools Construction Corporation (SCC) in May 2004 for $6.3 million to house students while buildings it was developing were being constructed.
The school's new , four-story building opened in September 2008 for its 420 students, a few days after school started, due to some last-minute delays. The SCC estimated that the building would cost $31.9 million when it was first proposed in 2001. The SCC approved the project in October 2004, estimating that the building would be completed by 2006 at a cost of $29.6 million. By the time the building was completed in 2008, the final cost had ballooned to roughly $49 million. It included millions of dollars in design, remediation, and site acquisition that were not included in the approved funding. The New Jersey Schools Development Authority (successor to the SCC), awarded a $35.5 million construction contract in 2006, with technology upgrades adding an additional $3 million, and another $2 million for environmental work and demolition. Problems with the fire alarm system were anticipated to take several weeks to resolve after the building opened, and Paterson fire marshals were paid $1,500 per day to patrol the school until the problems with the system were resolved.
The new building includes a two-floor library, four science labs, five soundproof music practice rooms, two gymnasia and an outdoor athletic field, a 500-seat auditorium and 15 classrooms. The new facility, which was nestled into a steep hill underneath and next to Interstate 80, has triple pane windows to keep out the noise from the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19273743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273743" title="Thu Kamkasomphou">
Thu Kamkasomphou

Thu Kamkasomphou, born in 1967 or 1968 in Laos, is a French table tennis player.
She represented France at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the class 8 event, and won gold by defeating Sweden's Josefin Abrahamsson, three sets to nil. In the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London she won a silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19273745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273745" title="Guhar Moti">
Guhar Moti

Guhar Moti is the western-most inhabited village in India, in Kutch district in Gujarat. It is located near the disputed Sir Creek and the Koteshwar temple, at .
The village comes under the administration of the Narayan Sarovar panchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="19273777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273777" title="The Three Amigos (band)">
The Three Amigos (band)

The Three Amigos were a band in the late 1990s and early 2000s, most famous for their cover of "Louie Louie".
Biography.
The Three Amigos first single was their cover of "Louie Louie". Released in July 1999, it reached #15 in the UK Singles Chart. The band's logo on the single cover paid tribute to the logo of The Kingsmen, one of the first bands to cover "Louie Louie". The single also featured a remix by The Wiseguys.
The Three Amigos were made up of Dylan Amlot, Milroy Nadarajah and Marc Williams.
Since the breakup of the band Dylan Amlot has continued to DJ, while Milroy Nadarajah turned to crime and, in 2004, was jailed for seven years for supplying cocaine to a London drug gang.

</doc>
<doc id="19273778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273778" title="Sir Joseph Nall, 1st Baronet">
Sir Joseph Nall, 1st Baronet

Sir Joseph Nall, 1st Baronet (24 August 1887 - 2 May 1958) was a British Conservative politician and industrialist.
He was the son of Joseph Nall of Worsley, Lancashire. In 1904 he joined the family firm of Joseph Nall and Company, carriers and railway cartage agents. In 1906 he joined the Bolton Artillery, a unit of the Volunteer Force. He continued his connection with the successors to the Volunteers, the Territorial Force, serving in Egypt, Gallipoli and France in First World War. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order in 1918.
At the general election of 1918 he was elected as Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for the Hulme constituency of Manchester. He became the parliamentary private secretary to the Home Secretary, W C Bridgeman, and was knighted in 1924 as part of Stanley Baldwin's resignation honours.
He lost his parliamentary seat to the Labour Party at the 1929 election, but regained it two years later at the 1931 poll. In May 1935, Nall and four other Conservative MPs asked that the National Government whip be withdrawn from them in protest against proposals to introduce Home Rule to India.
In 1935 he became chairman of Joseph Nall and Company, and he subsequently held a number of directorships in companies in Northern England. He remained MP for Hulme until the next election in 1945, which was delayed by the Second World War. Nall retired from parliament at this point.
He was the last chairman of the Lancashire Electric Light and Power Company until its nationalisation in 1947. The family firm was also taken over by the state in the following year, when it passed to the British Transport Commission. Nall continued to be the member of a number of other company boards including Lancashire United Transport and Wilson and Walker Breweries.
In 1954 Sir Joseph Nall was created a baronet "of Hoveringham Hall in the County of Nottingham". He died on 2 May 1958, and his funeral took place five days latter at Hoveringham, Nottinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19273821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273821" title="Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990">
Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990

The Nutrition Labeling and Education Act (NLEA) (Public Law 101-535) is a 1990 United States Federal law. It was signed into law on November 8, 1990 by President George H. W. Bush.
The law gives the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) authority to require nutrition labeling of most foods regulated by the Agency; and to require that all nutrient content claims (for example, 'high fiber', 'low fat', etc.) and health claims meet FDA regulations. The act did not require restaurants to comply to the same standards.
Scope.
The regulations became effective for health claims, ingredient declarations, and percent juice labeling on May 8, 1993 (but percent juice labeling was exempted until May 8, 1994).
Effective Jan. 1, 2006, the Nutrition Facts Labels on packaged food products are required by the FDA to list how many grams of trans fatty acid (trans fat) are contained within one serving of the product.
Dietary Supplement Act of 1992.
Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah introduced the Health Freedom Act of 1992 which would have blocked the FDA from using health claims as a reason to regulate dietary supplements as drugs. The senator said he "entered the controversy after hearing from constituents in his home state, including both consumers and makers of dietary supplements". Hatch stated that the FDA "can put anybody out of business if they want to." Hatch's bill did not get very far, but it encouraged Congress to pass the Dietary Supplement Act of 1992 (Public Law 102-571), which blocked the FDA from applying its forthcoming labeling rules for conventional foods to dietary supplements for another year, until the end of 1993.
The Nutritional Health Alliance, an industry lobby group, claimed credit for getting the Dietary Supplement Act of 1992 passed.

</doc>
<doc id="19273824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273824" title="Taghdumbash Pamir">
Taghdumbash Pamir

Taghdumbash Pamir ( or ) is a "pamir" or high valley in the south west of Tashkurgan Tajik Autonomous County, in Xinjiang, China. It lies to the west of the Karakoram Highway. It is inhabited by Wakhi, Kirghiz and Tajik animal herders, who graze yaks and other animals on the grasslands of the pamir.
The name Taghdumbash Pamir is also sometimes applied to the mountain ranges surrounding the pamir, on the borders of Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan, straddling the Pamir Mountains along the Sarikol Range, the Hindu Kush, the Mustagh mountains, and the Wakhan. The range divides Badakhshan Province in Afghanistan, Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in Tajikistan, and Gilgit-Baltistan in Pakistan.
During the Qing Dynasty the Chinese claimed suzerainty over the Taghdumbash Pamir but permitted the Mir of Hunza to administer the region in return for a tribute. Until 1937 the inhabitants paid tribute to the Mir of Hunza, who exercised control over the pastures.

</doc>
<doc id="19273831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273831" title="USS Sussex">
USS Sussex

USS "Sussex" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="19273844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273844" title="...And So It Goes">
...And So It Goes

...And So It Goes was the actual debut by American post-hardcore band Beloved. It was released independently and sold exclusively at their concerts. While most people consider "The Running" to be their first album, this is actually their first true release.

</doc>
<doc id="19273881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273881" title="Inklin River">
Inklin River

The Inklin River is a river in northern British Columbia, Canada. It flows northwest into the head of the Taku River, which is formed by the convergence of the Inklin with the Nakina River, which flows southwest to meet it at the uninhabited locality of Inklin, which is located at the confluence.
The river forms the southwestern boundary of the Taku Plateau, the northwesternmost sub-plateau of the Stikine Plateau. Along the river's southeast are the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19273889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273889" title="Beyik Pass">
Beyik Pass

The Beyik Pass, also written Payik Pass, is a mountain pass in the Sarikol Range between Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in Tajikistan and the Tashkurgan Tajik Autonomous County in Xinjiang, China. It is at an elevation of . There is no road across the pass.

</doc>
<doc id="19273923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273923" title="Hugh Jeffery Ward">
Hugh Jeffery Ward

Hugh Jeffery Ward is a convicted criminal in the United States responsible for one of the first known thefts of computer software in 1971; he allegedly stole a $25,000 USD data plotting program from Information Systems Design of Oakland, CA. Ward plead guilty to theft of trade secrets.

</doc>
<doc id="19273981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273981" title="Adrian Pisarello">
Adrian Pisarello

Adrian Pisarello is a Gibraltarian rock, punk and folk musician and songwriter.
Biography.
Adrian started his musical career playing in various local bands as Lead Vocalist, Rhythm Guitarist and Lyricist/Songwriter, he played everything from Blues, Funk and Reggae to Punk and Heavy Metal. During this period Adrian recorded some demos and videos and played in several bars and clubs locally. The highlight came with performances and the first Gibraltar National Day Concert and supporting Shaggy in June 1996.
Seeing that forming part of a band would not take his song writing the direction he wanted, he decided to start working as a solo artist. He immediately started working on his song writing and records a few songs. Among these he entered the song "Libertad" in the John Lennon Songwriting Contest. To his delight he won first prize in the Latin category being the only European Grand Prize winner in twelve different categories. The prize includes a publishing contract with EMI for the winning song.
Shortly after, 1999, Adrian finished his first album "Cuidado Con El" a six track EP. This has a good response with the critics and general public, several public appearances in the local media follow.
In 2000 Adrian jumped into the international stage supporting two Spanish Chart toppers, Gibraltarian band Melon Diesel and the Argentinian King Africa.
In 2001 he joins local band Reach as session rhythm guitarist and tours Spain supporting the biggest Spanish band at that moment, Estopa. Reach played in ten different Spanish cities to sell out crowds. The highlight of the year came as Adrian released his second studio album "Adelante", this more mature album allows Adrian to further express himself as an artist and cements him as a main contributor to the music scene in Gibraltar.
During the last few years Adrian has been a regular in the local music scene continuing to play in many venues with Eric Rowbottom. He has supported the successful London based band Breed 77 on their two concerts on the rock. In 2006 he launched a new studio album titled "No Hay Dos Sin Tres". In 2007/2008 Adrian formed punk band The Return Of The Punk Zombies. The Return Of The Punk Zombies were on the 9 September 2008 announced the winners of the Rock on the Rock Club Battle of the Bands competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19273998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19273998" title="SS West Cheswald">
SS West Cheswald

SS "West Cheswald" was a cargo ship for the launched shortly after the end of World War I. The ship was inspected by the United States Navy for possible use as USS "West Cheswald" (ID-4199) but was neither taken into the Navy nor ever commissioned under that name. "West Cheswald" was built in 1919 for the , as a part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort, and was the 32nd ship built at Northwest Steel in Portland, Oregon.
She operated for several years as a merchant ship, and was involved in a court case that eventually reached the Supreme Court of the United States in 1928. She was laid up in New Orleans, Louisiana, until late 1940 when she was reactivated and refitted to carry American defense-related cargos to Africa and chromium and manganese ore to the United States.
Continuing in African service after the United States entered World War II, she was diverted in March 1942 for one round trip to the Soviet Union, enduring German attacks that earned her U.S. Navy Armed Guard a battle star. After her return, she sailed mainly between the United States and African and Caribbean ports. In March 1944, she sailed from the United States for the final time, and was scuttled in June as part of the "gooseberry" breakwater off Utah Beach during the Normandy invasion, earning a second battle star in the process.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Cheswald", the one of some 40 "West" ships built by the Northwest Steel of Portland, Oregon. "West Cheswald" (Northwest Steel yard number 32, hull number 1421) was completed in September 1919.
"West Cheswald" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a steel hull with a hold that was deep. She had a displacement of 12,200 t with a mean draft of . The ship had a single steam turbine that drove a single screw propeller, and moved the ship at up to .
Early career.
"West Cheswald" was inspected by the 13th Naval District of the United States Navy after completion for possible use as a service collier and was assigned the identification number of 4199. Had she been commissioned, she would have been known as USS "West Cheswald" (ID-4199), but the Navy neither took over the ship nor commissioned her.
Information on "West Cheswald"s early career is lacking, but records of some of her movements and cargo are available. On 30 September 1920, "West Cheswald" took on a load of white sugar at Java and headed for the United States via the Suez Canal. While she was near Bermuda, "West Cheswald" was diverted from her original destination of New York to Philadelphia, to deliver her cargo in fulfillment of an order. Because the cargo had not been originally headed to Philadelphia, the purchasers refused to pay for it, believing that the voyage took too long. After litigation and various appeals, the case ended up before the Supreme Court of the United States in 1928 as "Lamborn v. National Bank of Commerce", 276 U.S. 469 (1928). The court found that under the contract signed, the purchasers were obligated for the sugar regardless of whether or not the ship had originally been destined for Philadelphia. "West Cheswald" was also reported in Hawaiian service during 1920. The report of the Governor of Hawaii in the annual report of the United States Department of the Interior for the 1920–21 fiscal year, listed "West Cheswald" among the four -owned ships sailed to Hawaii by the Pacific Steamship Company.
From 1922, "West Cheswald" operated to South America, often bringing coffee to the United States. In October 1922, for example, she delivered of coffee from Rio de Janeiro to New Orleans, Louisiana, and in March 1923, she delivered 105,400 bags to New Orleans and another 4,100 bags to Galveston, Texas. From 1923 to 1940, little is known about "West Cheswald"s activities. At some point during this period, she was laid up in New Orleans as part of the reserve fleet located there.
World War II.
In June 1940, as World War II raged in Europe, the (a successor to the ) announced bidding for the reconditioning of "West Cheswald" and nine other ships that were in the reserve fleet. The low bid for "West Cheswald" was by the Maryland Drydock Company of Baltimore, which priced the repairs at $169,961. In February 1941, the announced another round of bidding, this time for the operation of "West Cheswald" and three other ships on defense routes to southern and eastern Africa. The ships would carry defense cargo to African ports and return loads of chromium and manganese ore—both needed for the production of steel for armaments—to the United States. The American South African Line had the low bid for "West Cheswald", offering to operate her for $17,174 monthly. 
With her reconditioning complete, "West Cheswald" arrived in New York from Baltimore on 23 March. Although she may have been scheduled to begin her African service as early as 29 March, she sailed from New York on 11 April for the Cape Verde Islands, and from there, to Cape Town, where she arrived on 15 May. Beginning the next day, "West Cheswald" visited Port Elizabeth, East London, Durban, Mombasa, Tanga, and Zanzibar through 11 June. She returned to Tanga, then sailed from Dar es Salaam to Zanzibar and back on 23 and 24 June. She next made her way to Lourenço Marques, where she arrived on 3 July. From Lourenço Marques, she sailed back to Durban and Cape Town, before she began her transatlantic journey to Trinidad on 18 July. After calling at that Caribbean port, she returned to New York to complete her first circuit on 18 August.
On 6 September, "West Cheswald" began another, similar voyage to Africa. In addition to calling at many of the same ports she visited on her first trip, she visited the port of Beira, Mozambique for the first time in early November. The ship was in transit from Cape Town to Trinidad on 7 December during the Attack on Pearl Harbor, and by the time she arrived at Boston on 27 December, the United States had joined the Allies of World War II in declaring war against the Axis powers.
Arctic convoy.
"West Cheswald" sailed from Boston for New York on 30 December, and spent nearly eight weeks at New York. Outfitted with armament and a Naval Armed Guard detachment, she sailed from Boston for Halifax with a load of tanks on 23 February 1942. After spending five days at Halifax, she sailed as part of Convoy SC 72 to Clyde on 28 February. After arriving at Clyde on 17 March, "West Cheswald" made her way to Oban on 22 March and sailed four days later for Murmansk as part of Convoy PQ 14. The convoy consisted of approximately 25 merchant ships, ten of which were American, and of the American ships, only two—"West Cheswald" and "Yaka"—possessed defensive weaponry manned by Naval Armed Guardsmen. Many ships turned back because of heavy fog and snow; "West Cheswald", "Yaka" and several other ships from the convoy remained at Reykjavík from 31 March to 8 April. On 15 April, the convoy was tracked by a German aircraft, and convoy escort ships made contact with three German destroyers. The following day, the convoy commodore's ship was sunk by a submarine; at least two other torpedoes traveled through the convoy without hitting any ships. The convoy came under air attack on 17 April, but suffered no losses. As the convoy neared Murmansk, two Soviet destroyers with air cover joined the escort, and the convoy arrived without further incident on 19 April.
Though the convoy had arrived at its destination, the danger of attack was still present. The nearest German airfield was away—about 7 to 10 minutes flying time—which gave almost no advance warning of air raids. German dive bombers would silently glide in below Soviet anti-aircraft fire, drop their bombs, and fly away. "West Cheswald" was luckier than some. Her closest call occurred when a bomb fell away from the ship during an air raid on 23 April, destroying a 50-ton crane that had earlier finished unloading the ship; "West Cheswald" suffered no major damage in any of the attacks. Despite the fact that Murmansk had limited port facilities and typically slow unloading of cargo, "West Cheswald" was ready to sail in the next departing convoy, Convoy QP 11, on 28 April. "West Cheswald"s armed guardsmen received a battle star for their participation in Convoy PQ 14.
Later voyages.
After returning to New York on 31 May by way of Reykjavík and Halifax, "West Cheswald" made a brief trip to Philadelphia and back before she worked her way down the East Coast to Norfolk, Virginia, where she arrived on 17 June. Sailing the next day, the cargo ship began the first of two African trips, during which she made many of the same ports as in her two 1941 voyages. On the homeward leg of her second voyage, she called at Takoradi and Freetown on the western coast of Africa in March 1943. After returning to the Americas, "West Cheswald" visited Saint Thomas, San Juan, and Mayagüez in the Caribbean before returning to Philadelphia on 28 April.
"West Cheswald"s next sailing began on 6 June, when she left Boston for Halifax, sailing from the latter port on 16 June in Convoy SC-134 bound for Liverpool. Breaking off from the convoy for Loch Ewe, "West Cheswald" also visited Methil, Southend, and Oban, before returning to New York on 11 August. Sailing from there on 6 September, she began her final trip to Africa, in which she visited the West African ports of Bathurst, Freetown, Monrovia, and Takoradi before returning to Philadelphia via Trinidad on 27 January 1944. She sailed from Philadelphia ten days later, ending up in Boston.
Final voyage.
"West Cheswald" had been selected to become one of the blockships for the Allied invasion of France, then in the planning stages. Though the specific modifications performed on "West Cheswald" are not revealed in sources, modifications for other ships do appear. In November 1944, "The Christian Science Monitor" reported that blockships dispatched from Boston, like "West Cheswald", had been loaded with "tons of sand and cement" and had been rigged with explosive charges before departing the port. Further, existing antiaircraft weapons had been moved higher up on the ship and supplemented by additional guns. An account by Cesar Poropat, chief engineer aboard , another blockship dispatched from Boston, mentions that transverse bulkheads aboard that ship were cut open to facilitate sinking.
"West Cheswald" departed Boston on 10 March and arrived at Halifax two days later. Departing from that port on 29 March, she sailed in Convoy SC-156 and arrived at Swansea on 14 April. She departed there on 30 April for Oban, where she joined the assembling "Corncob Fleet." The Corncob Fleet was the group of ships to be sunk to form the "gooseberries", shallow-water artificial harbors for landing craft. Poropat reports that once the ship crews were told of their mission while anchored at Oban, they were not permitted to leave the ships. After five weeks of isolation at anchor, "West Cheswald" headed south for Poole, to join the first corncob convoy.
"West Cheswald" sailed from Poole on 7 June in a convoy, consisting of what one author called the "dregs of the North Atlantic shipping pool", and reached the Normandy beachhead the next day, two days after the D-Day landings. Poropat reports that the corncob ships traveled under cover of darkness and, stripped of all unnecessary equipment, carried no radios, having only a signal lamp (with a spare bulb) for communication. Once at the designated location, the ships were put into position and scuttled over the next days, under heavy German artillery fire. Naval Armed Guardsmen manned the guns on all the gooseberry ships to protect against frequent German air attacks; "West Cheswald"s gunners were credited with downing one plane on 10 June. All the while, harbor pilots—about half of the New York Bar Pilots Association, according to one source—carefully positioned the ships. "West Cheswald" and were the last two ships sunk off Utah Beach when they went down on 11 June. Even though she had been sunk, "West Cheswald" continued to serve as an antiaircraft platform manned by Navy gun crews until 19 June, and by Army crews after that date. "West Cheswald"s naval gunners were awarded a second battle star for participation in the Normandy Landings.

</doc>
<doc id="19274055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274055" title="First Came the Law">
First Came the Law

First Came the Law is the first full-length album released by Once Nothing. It is the band's third release overall, and its first on Solid State Records.
Lyrical content.
-The lyrics on "First Came The Law" are written by Todd. He writes about his personal experiences.
-"Juliet or at Least What's Left Of Her" is about Todd's touring in Alabama. He said he hadn't eaten and was dehydrated and Alabama was extremely hot. He passed out at a BP station.

</doc>
<doc id="19274075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274075" title="UEC European Track Championships">
UEC European Track Championships

The European Track Cycling Championships are a set of elite level competitions events held annually for the various disciplines and distances in track cycling, exclusively for European cyclists, and regulated by the European Cycling Union (UEC). They were first held in their current format in 2010, when elite level cyclists competed for the first time following an overhaul of European track cycling
Prior to 2010, championship events were run under the same name, but solely for junior and under-23 cyclists, and the 2010 event is recognised as the first elite level senior championships.
In line with cycling tradition, winners of an event at the championships are presented with, in addition to the gold medal, a special, identifiable jersey. This UEC European Champion jersey is a blue jersey with gold European stars.
History.
Men's European Track Championships for the "motor-paced" or "derny" track cycling discipline have been held since 1896. A separate European Madison championship event was also run for men. Separate European Omnium Championships have been held since 1959, which were later incorporated into the senior European Track Championships on their introduction in 2010.
Junior and under-23 championships.
European Track Cycling Championships have been held for junior and under-23 athletes for a long time. They provided useful experience for young riders with winners automatically qualifying to compete at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in which no age limit applied, and the world's best track cyclists competed.
Masters.
A European Masters Track Championships also exists for older riders.
Elite Championships.
In 2010 the ECU instigated a huge overhaul of how cyclists qualify for the Olympic Games. As a result, the European Championships was also introduced for elite level European cyclists. The first elite championships thereafter took place at the beginning of November 2010. It followed the same ten event schedule for the 2012 Olympics but also included the Madison "due to popular demand".
The Under 23 and Junior championships continued to be run as a separate event.
Events included.
Current events for juniors: time trial, keirin, individual pursuit, team pursuit, points race, scratch race, sprint, team sprint and, for men only, the madison. Women's events are as a general rule, shorter than men's, although the women's Team Pursuit was recently increased in length and number of riders to improve parity.
Championships are open to riders selected by their national cycling governing body. They compete in the colours of their country.
Competitions.
Elite.
Omnium events.
European championships Omnium events held before 2010:

</doc>
<doc id="19274076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274076" title="Dharwas">
Dharwas

Dharwas is the northernmost town in Himachal Pradesh in Chamba district.
Dharwas is located in the Pangi Valley, on the Dalhousie-Kishtwar trek route. Pangi Valley is the remotest valley of Chamba district, and according to Dr. Hutchison, “unique in its grandeur and beauty.” Dharwas is the largest and the most populated hamlet in the Pangi Valley. The village is located at an elevation of 8000 feet above sea level. Trekking base camps are available here.
The place is famous for the natural water spring of mineral water, Tilmili. The trek trail leading to Sural Valley of Pangi and then up to Sanskar starts from Dharwas.
Location.
State: Himachal Pradesh
Exact Location: Dharwas is the northernmost village of Himachal Pradesh in Chamba district, and is located around 17 km from Ishriari village
Nearest Town: Killar
How to reach.
The nearest railhead is at Pathankot in the state of Punjab, and the nearest airport is the Gaggal airport. From Kilar, one needs to turn north-west, and cross the Sural Nala (also calleds Lujal Nala), and a level walk trek of 8 km leads you to Dharwas. There are buses and taxis available from Killar.
The road connectivity in Pangi Valley is the 170 km road link from Chamba to Killar via Saach-pass. This is known as Alwas-Killar road and it is part of Ahju khara Mukh - Chamba - Tissa- Alwas- Killar road. From Chamba via Tissa Bairagarh and Satrundi, the road is motorable up to Killar,but the road is suitable for jeep ride.
one can also take the route via famous, Manali -Leh national highway up to tandi .After tandi next destination is udaipur . pangi is just 80 km from this place and one can reach in just four hours due to poor condition of the roads . Killar is the head office of the valley and from here government buses runs on every route in the valley .
Other attractions.
Killar: Killar is the headquarters of Pangi valley. It’s located in the deep and narrow gorge of Chenab River. Mahlu Nallah is said to be the gateway to this village. The place is blessed with incredible natural beauty. Killar is also the base for trekking expedition to Kishtwar, through Umasi la into the Zanskar Valley, and to Keylong and Manali. Dharwas is located 9 km from Killar, and 137 km north east of Chamba andother villages in killar are thamoh, karhoti, parmas, kuffa, chowki, mahaliyat, karel, kawas, bhatwas, karyas, punto, changili.
Killar is famous for its charming dances and rich natural beauty. It is also a suitable base for trekkers venturing to Kishtwar, through Umasi la into the Zanskar Valley, and to Keylong and Manali. One the way to Lahaul, one will come across the beautiful spot of ' Purthi', renowned for a historical guest house on the banks of Chenab and a fine nursery. 
Luj: Luj is located at an elevation of 7000 feet above sea level. Luj primarily consists of four villages, Udaini, Bishthow, Balwas, and Mangalwas. Udaini houses the Sheetla Devi temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19274090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274090" title="USS Sussex (AK-213)">
USS Sussex (AK-213)

USS "Sussex" (AK-213) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. She was retained by the Navy for post-war service, including that in the Korean War theatre where she earned three battle stars and then returned home for deactivation.
Built in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Sussex" (AK-213) was laid down under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 2167) on 3 October 1944 by the Leathern D. Smith Shipbuilding Co., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin; launched on 3 February 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Carl O. Rydhelm; and acquired by the Navy in July 1945.
Operation by the Coast Guard.
She was operated by the United States Coast Guard until the spring of 1946 and, on 23 May 1946, was placed in the reserve fleet. She was reacquired by the Navy on 27 February 1947; and commissioned on 27 May 1947, Lt. Comdr. John L. Hunter in command.
Post-World War II service.
Assigned to the Alaskan Sea Frontier, "Sussex" sailed to Seattle, Washington, in late June, loaded cargo, and made her maiden voyage to Alaskan ports for the United States Navy. After making calls at Adak and Kodiak, she returned to Seattle on 25 August 1947. From that date until December 1950, the ship made 16 voyages from Seattle to various Alaskan ports carrying supplies to bases and installations there.
Korean War service.
From January to July 1951, "Sussex" provided logistic support for the mid-Pacific Trust Territories. From August 1951 to January 1952, she operated in the Korean war zone, moving supplies and munitions to United Nations ships and bases. The ship was busy transporting cargo from Japanese ports to such places as Pusan, Suyong, and Inchon. 
On 5 February 1952, "Sussex" stood out of Yokosuka en route to Bremerton, Washington, for a general overhaul. She departed Bremerton on 12 May 1952 and proceeded via Pearl Harbor and Midway Island to Japan. The cargo ship arrived at Sasebo, Japan, on 30 June and resumed her runs to Korea; but this time, she also included Okinawa, Taiwan, and the Pescadores Islands among her supply points.
"Sussex" returned to Pearl Harbor on 15 December 1952 and, until March 1954, supplied bases at Midway Island, Kwajalein, Saipan, and Guam. She arrived at Yokosuka on 14 March and operated from that port until 19 October 1954 when she returned to Pearl Harbor to resume supplying mid-Pacific Ocean bases. She continued this duty, operating from Pearl Harbor, until 7 May 1958 when she moved her base of operations to Iwakuni, Japan.
Decommissioning.
"Sussex" steamed into Yokosuka on 21 November 1959 and was decommissioned on 5 December 1959. She was struck from the Navy List on 1 January 1960 and sold to the Hugo Neu Steel Products Corp., New York, on 27 July 1960 for scrap.
Awards and honors.
"Sussex" received three battle stars for service during the Korean War:
Qualified "Sussex" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19274106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274106" title="Federal &amp; Foundation Assistance Monitor">
Federal &amp; Foundation Assistance Monitor

Federal & Foundation Assistance Monitor is a news service (or newsletter) produced in Silver Spring, MD by CD Publications.
"FAM" reports on public and private sources of funding for community programs, including education, youth services and health care. It also covers activities of Congress and federal agencies.
History.
CD Publications began publishing housing-related newsletters in 1961, starting with "Housing Affairs Letter". The company branched out into senior affairs with "Aging News Alert" in 1984, and into grant-seeking with "Federal Assistance Monitor" in 1986.
In January 2001, the company acquired "Federal Research Report" from Silver Spring-based Business Publishers, Inc., and folded it into "Federal Assistance Monitor".
In mid-2006, the newsletter's title was changed to "Federal & Foundation Assistance Monitor", reportedly to indicate that coverage had been expanded to include private funding. The pub's masthead was clumsily altered with a carrot (^) pointing to the phrase "& Foundation" being squeezed into the title. This was replaced with a new masthead in late December '06.
Current Coverage.
"FAM" posts federal funding announcements, private grants, legislative actions toward community programs, policy news and proposal-writing tips. It also covers fundraising workshops sponsored by the Foundation Center, the Support Center and other agencies.
Expansion.
In 2007, "FAM" was changed to a web-based format and, along with CD Publications' other funding news services, was moved onto the web portal GrantsandFunding.net.

</doc>
<doc id="19274113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274113" title="Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

The women's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics program on Lake Albano.
Results.
Heats.
15 competitors entered, but only 13 competed. They first raced in two heats on August 26. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinal on the 27th while the rest competed in the repechages the 26th.
Repechages.
The seven competitors raced in two repechages on August 26. The top three finishers from each of the repechages advanced directly to the semifinal on the following day.
Semifinal.
The top three finishers in the semifinal (raced on August 27) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 29. 

</doc>
<doc id="19274125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274125" title="Li Rongfa">
Li Rongfa

Li Rongfa () (1845–1891) was an eminent military leader of the Taiping Rebellion, and known during his military tenure as King of Zhong the second (忠二王) He was the second son of Li Xiucheng. Rongfa led the Taiping forces to many military victories, and was one of the few Taiping kings still alive when the war ended.
Victories.
Second rout the Army Group Jiangnan.
The Army Group Jiangnan (江南大營) and Qing military against the Nanjing. The Qing military under the direction of Li Xiucheng deployed 200,000 soldiers in March of 1858, and by May 1860 had occupied all of Jiangsu Province except for Shanghai. This would eventually lead to the Battle of Shanghai.
Li Rongfa was just 14 years old at the time, and followed orders from his father, Li Xiucheng who was also involved this battle. His fame came from being the youngest general, and his ability to use two pistols while riding a horse.
Sources.
Tiān Guó Zwi(天國志)

</doc>
<doc id="19274130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274130" title="Icefall Cone">
Icefall Cone

Icefall Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted during the Holocene period and forms part of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19274134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274134" title="Dungeons &amp; Dragons (1974)">
Dungeons &amp; Dragons (1974)

The original Dungeons & Dragons (commonly abbreviated "D&D") boxed set by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson was published by TSR, Inc. in 1974. It initially included the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. Its product designation was TSR 2002.
Contents.
The original "Dungeons & Dragons" boxed set was the first role-playing game, a fantasy system with a medieval European flavor. This set introduced concepts which would become standard, including abilities (such as strength, intelligence, and dexterity); character classes (fighter, magic-user, cleric) and levels; races (human, dwarf, elf, halfling); armor class; monsters and treasure; subterranean dungeons of halls, rooms, and doors replete with tricks and traps; and magic items, such as intelligent swords. The set also includes rules for wilderness travel by land and sea, hiring specialists and men-at-arms, building fortifications and setting up baronies. Movement rates and areas are given in inches, like that of the miniatures rules from which the system descended.
The set also included brief guidelines on using monsters as player characters.
This small box set contains three 5 1/2" x 8 1/2" booklets: Volume 1: "Men & Magic", Volume 2: "Monsters & Treasure", and Volume 3: "Underworld & Wilderness Adventures". Under the "Dungeons & Dragons" heading on the cover reads, "Rules for Fantastic Medieval Wargames Campaigns Playable with Paper and Pencil and Miniature Figures".
This set features only a handful of the elements for which the game is known today: just three character classes (fighting-man, magic-user, and cleric); four races (human, dwarf, elf, hobbit); and only three alignments (lawful, neutral, and chaotic). The rules assume that players have owned and have played the miniatures wargame "Chainmail" and that they have used its measurement and combat systems. An optional combat system is included within the rules that later developed into the sole combat system of later versions of the game. In addition, the rules presumed ownership of "Outdoor Survival", an Avalon Hill board game for outdoor exploration and adventure.
The "Men & Magic" booklet recommends using miniatures only "if the players have them available and so desire", although they were not required and cardboard counters were given as an alternative.
The "Monsters & Treasure" booklet contains some of the first depictions of the game's most iconic monsters, many of which were adapted from mythology and various literary works.
The set initially referred to some of the creatures in the game as "hobbits" and "ents" after J. R. R. Tolkien-universe creatures, although after legal hassles they were changed to "halflings" and "treants", respectively.
Publication history.
The original "Dungeons & Dragons" set was written by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson, and was published by TSR in 1974 as a digest-sized boxed set in a brown wood-grain box. The set included three digest-sized books: the 36-page "Men & Magic", the 40-page "Monsters & Treasure", and the 36-page "The Underworld & Wilderness Adventures". The set also included six reference sheets of tables and charts. Later, a 1976 edition was released that came in an all-white box. An "Original Collector's Edition" (aka the 6th printing) was published from 1977 to 1979.
Illustrations were provided by Arneson himself, as well as by Keenan Powell, Greg Bell, C. Corey, T. Keogh, and David C. Sutherland III. The initial printing of the "Men & Magic" booklet had a drawing of a mounted warrior on the cover, while the 1976 printing featured a fighter with a sword on "Men and Magic".
This first set went through many printings and was supplemented with several official additions, including "Greyhawk" and "Blackmoor" in 1975, and "Eldritch Wizardry", "Gods, Demi-gods & Heroes", and "Swords & Spells" in 1976.
The original "Dungeons & Dragons" set was reproduced on November 19, 2013, as part of a deluxe, premium reprint of the original "White Box" which features new packaging in an oaken box. Each booklet features new cover art but is otherwise a faithful reproduction of the original, including original interior art.
Reception.
Gary Gygax won the Strategists Club's "Outstanding Designer & Writer" for the creation of "Dungeons & Dragons". The set is also an H.G. Wells award-winner.

</doc>
<doc id="19274169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274169" title="Taifa of Molina">
Taifa of Molina

The Taifa of Molina was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around the 1080s to 1100.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19274200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274200" title="Alex the Jester">
Alex the Jester

Alex O'Brien Feldman is an American born theatrical clown. 
Biography.
Feldman performs under the stage name "Alex the Jester" in the style of a medieval court jester, a tradition which combines music, juggling, prop comedy and stage magic. While performing at the Just for Laughs international comedy festival in Montreal, Canada, Feldman began speaking a contemporary version of the medieval gibberish language Grammelot as part of his act. The use of Grammelot cuts through language barriors.
In Nov of 2009, Feldman was selected by the US State Department to entertain in Russia as a cultural ambassador. He has also toured the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Belgium, Bermuda, Japan and Mexico. Feldman currently lives in Somerville, Massachusetts and is married with two children, Desi, and A.J. Keaton 
Training.
Feldman studied performance at the Dell'Arte International School of Physical Theater in California. 
Performance Philosophy.
Feldman wrote that, "Audiences care less about what you do. They care more about who you are." Feldman's use of physical comedy to develop his character has been slowly built through a trial and error process. 

</doc>
<doc id="19274211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274211" title="Taifa of Morón">
Taifa of Morón

The Taifa of Morón was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around 1010 to 1066. From 1066 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid.

</doc>
<doc id="19274237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274237" title="Mammalian eye">
Mammalian eye

Mammals normally have a pair of eyes. Although mammalian vision is not so excellent as bird vision, it is at least dichromatic for most of mammalian species, with certain families (such as Hominidae) possessing a trichromatic color perception.
Dimensions vary only 1–2 mm among humans. The vertical axis is 24 mm; the transverse being larger. At birth it is generally 16–17 mm, enlarging to 22.5–23 mm by three years of age. Between then and age 13 the eye attains its mature size. It weighs 7.5 grams and its volume is roughly 6.5 ml. Along a line through the nodal (central) point of the eye is the optic axis, which is slightly five degrees toward the nose from the visual axis (i.e., that going towards the focused point to the fovea.
Three layers.
The structure of the mammalian eye can be divided into three main layers or "tunics" whose names reflect their basic functions: the fibrous tunic, the vascular tunic, and the nervous tunic.
Anterior and posterior segments.
The mammalian eye can also be divided into two main segments: the anterior segment and the posterior segment.
The human eye is not a plain sphere but is like two spheres combined, a smaller, more sharply curved one and a larger lesser curved sphere. The former, the anterior segment is the front sixth of the eye that includes the structures in front of the vitreous humour: the cornea, iris, ciliary body, and lens. 
Within the anterior segment are two fluid-filled spaces: 
Aqueous humor fills these spaces within the anterior segment and provides nutrients to the surrounding structures.
Some ophthalmologists specialize in the treatment and management of anterior segment disorders and diseases.
The posterior segment is the back five-sixths of the eye that includes the anterior hyaloid membrane and all of the optical structures behind it: the vitreous humor, retina, choroid, and optic nerve.
The radii of the anterior and posterior sections are 8 mm and 12 mm, respectively. The point of junction is called the limbus.
On the other side of the lens is the second humour, the aqueous humour, which is bounded on all sides by the lens, the ciliary body, suspensory ligaments and by the retina. It lets light through without refraction, helps maintain the shape of the eye and suspends the delicate lens. In some animals, the retina contains a reflective layer (the tapetum lucidum) which increases the amount of light each photosensitive cell perceives, allowing the animal to see better under low light conditions. 
The tapetum lucidum, in animals that have it, can produce eyeshine, for example as seen in cat eyes at night. Red-eye effect, a reflection of red blood vessels, appears in the eyes of humans and other animals that have no tapetum lucidum, hence no eyeshine, and rarely in animals that have a tapetum lucidum. The red-eye effect is a photographic effect, not seen in nature.
Some ophthalmologists specialise in this segment.
Extraocular anatomy.
Lying over the sclera and the interior of the eyelids is a transparent membrane called the conjunctiva. It helps lubricate the eye by producing mucus and tears. It also contributes to immune surveillance and helps to prevent the entrance of microbes into the eye.
In many animals, including humans, eyelids wipe the eye and prevent dehydration. They spread tears on the eyes, which contains substances which help fight bacterial infection as part of the immune system. Some species have a nictitating membrane for further protection.
Some aquatic animals have a second eyelid in each eye which refracts the light and helps them see clearly both above and below water. Most creatures will automatically react to a threat to its eyes (such as an object moving straight at the eye, or a bright light) by covering the eyes, and/or by turning the eyes away from the threat. Blinking the eyes is, of course, also a reflex.
In many animals, including humans, eyelashes prevent fine particles from entering the eye. Fine particles can be bacteria, but also simple dust which can cause irritation of the eye, and lead to tears and subsequent blurred vision.
In many species, the eyes are inset in the portion of the skull known as the orbits or eyesockets. This placement of the eyes helps to protect them from injury. For some, the focal fields of the two eyes overlap, providing them with binocular vision. Although most animals have some degree of binocular vision the amount of overlap largely depends on behavioural requirements.
In humans, the eyebrows redirect flowing substances (such as rainwater or sweat) away from the eye.
Function of the mammalian eye.
The structure of the mammalian eye owes itself completely to the task of focusing light onto the retina. This light causes chemical changes in the photosensitive cells of the retina, the products of which trigger nerve impulses which travel to the brain. 
In the human eye, light enters the pupil and is focused on the retina by the lens. Light-sensitive nerve cells called rods (for brightness), cones (for color) and non-imaging ipRGC (intrinsincally photosensitive retinal ganglion cells) react to the light. They interact with each other and send messages to the brain. The rods and cones enable vision. The ipRGCs enable entrainment to the Earth's 24-hour cycle, resizing of the pupil and acute suppression of the pineal hormone melatonin. 
Retina.
The retina contains three forms of photosensitive cells, two of them important to vision, rods and cones, in addition to the subset of ganglion cells involved in adjusting circadian rhythms and pupil size but probably not involved in vision. 
Though structurally and metabolically similar, the functions of rods and cones are quite different. Rod cells are highly sensitive to light, allowing them to respond in dim light and dark conditions; however, they cannot detect color differences. These are the cells that allow humans and other animals to see by moonlight, or with very little available light (as in a dark room). Cone cells, conversely, need high light intensities to respond and have high visual acuity. Different cone cells respond to different wavelengths of light, which allows an organism to see color. The shift from cone vision to rod vision is why the darker conditions become, the less color objects seem to have. 
The differences between rods and cones are useful; apart from enabling sight in both dim and light conditions, they have further advantages. The fovea, directly behind the lens, consists of mostly densely packed cone cells. The fovea gives humans a highly detailed central vision, allowing reading, bird watching, or any other task which primarily requires staring at things. Its requirement for high intensity light does cause problems for astronomers, as they cannot see dim stars, or other celestial objects, using central vision because the light from these is not enough to stimulate cone cells. Because cone cells are all that exist directly in the fovea, astronomers have to look at stars through the "corner of their eyes" (averted vision) where rods also exist, and where the light "is" sufficient to stimulate cells, allowing an individual to observe faint objects.
Rods and cones are both photosensitive, but respond differently to different frequencies of light. They contain different pigmented photoreceptor proteins. Rod cells contain the protein rhodopsin and cone cells contain different proteins for each color-range. The process through which these proteins go is quite similar — upon being subjected to electromagnetic radiation of a particular wavelength and intensity, the protein breaks down into two constituent products. Rhodopsin, of rods, breaks down into opsin and retinal; iodopsin of cones breaks down into photopsin and retinal. The breakdown results in the activation of Transducin and this activates cyclic GMP Phosphodiesterase, which lowers the number of open Cyclic nucleotide-gated ion channels on the cell membrane, which leads to hyperpolarization; this hyperpolarization of the cell leads to decreased release of transmitter molecules at the synapse. 
Differences between the rhodopsin and the iodopsins is the reason why cones and rods enable organisms to see in dark and light conditions — each of the photoreceptor proteins requires a different light intensity to break down into the constituent products. Further, synaptic convergence means that several rod cells are connected to a single bipolar cell, which then connects to a single ganglion cell by which information is relayed to the visual cortex. This convergence is in direct contrast to the situation with cones, where each cone cell is connected to a single bipolar cell. This divergence results in the high visual acuity, or the high ability to distinguish detail, of cone cells compared to rods. If a ray of light were to reach just one rod cell, the cell's response may not be enough to hyperpolarize the connected bipolar cell. But because several "converge" onto a bipolar cell, enough transmitter molecules reach the synapses of the bipolar cell to hyperpolarize it.
Furthermore, color is distinguishable due to the different iodopsins of cone cells; there are three different kinds, in normal human vision, which is why we need three different primary colors to make a color space.
A small percentage of the ganglion cells in the retina contain melanopsin and, thus, are themselves photosensitive. The light information from these cells is not involved in vision and it reaches the brain not directly via the optic nerve but via the retinohypothalamic tract, the RHT. By way of this light information, the body clock's inherent approximate 24-hour cycling is adjusted daily to nature's light/dark cycle. Signals from these photosensitive ganglion cells have at least two other roles in addition. They exercise control over the size of the pupil, and they lead to acute suppression of melatonin secretion by the pineal gland.
Accommodation.
The purpose of the optics of the mammalian eye is to bring a clear image of the visual world onto the retina. Because of limited depth of field of the mammalian eye, an object at one distance from the eye might project a clear image, while an object either closer to or further from the eye will not. To make images clear for objects at different distances from the eye, its optical power needs to be changed. This is accomplished mainly by changing the curvature of the lens. For distant objects, the lens needs to be made flatter; for near objects the lens needs to be made thicker and more rounded.
Water in the eye can alter the optical properties of the eye and blur vision. It can also wash away the tear fluid—along with it the protective lipid layer—and can alter corneal physiology, due to osmotic differences between tear fluid and freshwater. Osmotic effects are made apparent when swimming in freshwater pools, because the osmotic gradient draws water from the pool into the corneal tissue (the pool water is hypotonic), causing edema, and subsequently leaving the swimmer with "cloudy" or "misty" vision for a short period thereafter. The edema can be reversed by irrigating the eye with hypertonic saline which osmotically draws the excess water out of the eye.

</doc>
<doc id="19274240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274240" title="Kessler Foundation">
Kessler Foundation

The Kessler Foundation was established in 1985 and is one of the largest public charities in the United States supporting people with disabilities. Kessler Foundation Research Center has research programs designed to improve function and quality of life for persons with spinal cord and traumatic brain injury, stroke, multiple sclerosis and other neurological and orthopedic conditions. Kessler Foundation has also distributed millions of dollars to programs that promote the employment of people with disabilities through its “Transition to Work” Signature and Community Employment grants. The Foundation’s Special Initiative grants also support related community programs like ThinkFirst, an injury prevention program for children. Kessler Foundation has a full-time staff of 90 individuals, divided between two locations in West Orange, NJ.
History.
Over sixty years ago, Dr. Henry H. Kessler founded the Kessler Institute of Rehabilitation; a hospital dedicated to improving the quality of life for people with physical disabilities. Following World War II, the institute served disabled veterans and civilians. In 1951, it received a grant from the State of New Jersey toward a pre-vocational diagnostic unit. The vocational education program for people with physical limitations matched interest and abilities with previous work experience and assisted patients in job placements. Responding to an increased demand for services, in 1961 the Institute expanded from 16 beds to 48 beds. Through the 1970s and 1980s, the institution continued to expand both in terms of patient capacity as well as outpatient facilities.
In August 2003, the Henry H. Kessler Foundation sold Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation to Select Medical Corporation. The Foundation continues its focus on rehabilitation research, education and community programs. The Foundation continues to distribute funds to support the scientific research at the Kessler Research Center and employment programs that help people with disabilities return to work.
Research.
Kessler Foundation’s research division is called Kessler Foundation Research Center. It includes 90 staff members who work in such research areas as neuropsychology, neuroscience, outcomes assessment, traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, stroke, rehabilitation engineering, gait analysis and motor control.
Programs.
Think First.
Kessler Foundation's “Think First” is a community health education program presented to New Jersey school children in grades K-12. The program serves to educate children and teens about safety and injury prevention and promotes greater respect for people with disabilities. The information is presented by a survivor of spinal cord injury who delivers safety messages and shares his or her personal experiences. The program is the state chapter of a national “Think First” network.
Wheelblazers.
WheelBlazers is a wheelchair racing team for individuals with physical disabilities. The team gives participants the opportunity to be a part of a competitive, organized sports team. Throughout the summer and fall the team practices regularly and participants in regional races.
Grants.
Due to national trends among people with physical disabilities, Kessler Foundation decided to strategically focus the majority of its external grant allocation toward increasing the employment of people with physical disabilities.
The Kessler Foundation’s "Transition to Work" initiative seeks to support organizations and programs that serve people with physical disabilities through training, job placement and other support services. The Foundation does so through Signature and Community Employment Grants.
Current grants.
The Signature Program Grants are multi-year grants supporting large initiatives that increase opportunities for New Jersey citizens with disabilities to obtain competitive employment. Grants amounts are $100,000 to $250,000 each per year, for maximum project funding of $500,000.
The Community Employment Grant program supports projects, programs, pilot initiatives, and creative solutions that work toward improving the employment and career advancement of New Jersey citizens with disabilities. Grants are for one year and range from $25,000 to $50,000 each.
Sponsorships.
Kessler Foundation sponsors the Telecommuting Pilot Project with $438,687. Run by the Jewish Vocational Service (JVS), the program matches individuals with severe physical disabilities who can work from their homes with employers who need services and support. More than 25 individuals have undergone job and vocational placement assessment and have received vocational counseling and technical support as well as job placement assistance.
On October 12–15, 2008, Kessler Foundation co-sponsored the International Conference on Behavioral Health and Traumatic Brain Injury hosted by St. Joseph’s Regional Medical Center. The conference brought together medical and behavioral health experts from around the world to address the challenges of rehabilitating Iraqi war veterans with traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder. Attendees included experts in medicine, psychology, psychiatry, neuropsychology, neurosurgery, epidemiology, public policy and rehabilitation from the U.S., Europe and South America. The conference's objective is to formulate a report for Congress outlining steps the government should take to respond to the needs of individuals suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury.
Books.
Kessler, Dr. Henry H. Kessler (1968) "The Knife is Not Enough." New York: W. W. Norton & Company.

</doc>
<doc id="19274243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274243" title="Stuart Cary Welch">
Stuart Cary Welch

Stuart Cary Welch Jr. (2 April 1928 – 13 August 2008) was an American scholar and curator of Indian and Islamic art.
Life and career.
Welch was born to a prominent family in Buffalo, New York. He began collecting drawings by Indian artists as a boy. He earned a bachelor's degree in fine arts from Harvard University in 1950, then did graduate work there in classical art. Because they offered no Indian or Islamic art courses at the time, he became an autodidact.
His first paid position at Harvard was in 1956, as honorary assistant keeper of Islamic Art at the Fogg Museum. He later developed one of the first curricula for Islamic and Indian art. He was curator of Islamic and Later Indian art at the Harvard Art Museum, and from 1979 to 1987, he was also special consultant for the department of Islamic art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Welch taught at Harvard until his retirement in 1995, and he donated much of his collection to the school. A resident of New Hampshire, Welch died of a heart attack while traveling in Hokkaido, Japan.
The remainder of his personal collection was auctioned by Sotheby's in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19274250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274250" title="Taifa of Murviedro and Sagunto">
Taifa of Murviedro and Sagunto

The Taifa of Murviedro and Sagunto was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in a short period from 1086 to 1092.

</doc>
<doc id="19274283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274283" title="Brian Birch (footballer born 1938)">
Brian Birch (footballer born 1938)

Brian Birch, (born 9 April 1938 in Manchester), is a retired English footballer who played for the majority of his career at Bolton Wanderers. He played mostly as a winger. 
Birch made his debut for Bolton at the age of 16 in the autumn of 1954 but did not make the regular first team until the 1957-58 season. He was an ever present in Bolton's victorious FA Cup run. He remained a regular up to the 1961-62 season but was pushed out of the team by the arrival of Brian Pilkington. Staying on the fringes for three more years he finally made the short journey across Lancashire to Rochdale, where he remained for three more years before moving into non-league football.
Birch's grandson, Will Johnson, is currently a player for Portland Timbers of Major League Soccer.

</doc>
<doc id="19274296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274296" title="Taifa of Orihuela">
Taifa of Orihuela

The Taifa of Orihuela was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed probably from around 1239 to 1249.

</doc>
<doc id="19274328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274328" title="Taifa of Ronda">
Taifa of Ronda

The Taifa of Ronda was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in Moorish al-Andalus (in what is now southern Spain) from 1039 to 1065. It was ruled by a family from the Banu Ifran tribe of North Africa. Its capital was the city of Ronda. From 1065 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid.

</doc>
<doc id="19274332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274332" title="Ridge Cone">
Ridge Cone

Ridge Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene period and is part of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19274339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274339" title="Dimitri Carlos Zozimar">
Dimitri Carlos Zozimar

Dimitri Carlos Zozimar or simply Carlos (born February 16, 1988) is a Malagasy footballer. He currently plays in the Thailand Division 1 League with Suphanburi F.C.. Previously, he played in the Championnat de France amateur for SO Romorantin, with his national teammate Claudio Ramiadamanana.
He has also previously played for AA Antsirabe.

</doc>
<doc id="19274343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274343" title="Egan-Sud, Quebec">
Egan-Sud, Quebec

Egan-Sud is a municipality in the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada, directly north of Maniwaki.
Egan-South has a residential, agricultural, and commercial character, the latter mainly concentrated along Highway 105.
To protect the water quality of Evens Lake and highlight the beauty of it, the city council plans to build an illuminated water fountain in its centre. In addition to being visible from Highway 105, the fountain would increase oxygenation of the lake. In the winter, Evens Lake is home to the largest ice rink built by the MRC, having a circular route of about long.
History.
Settlement in this area by Europeans began in the mid-nineteenth century. By 1863, there was a population of 140 people, most of Irish origin and almost all Catholics. In 1864, the Egan Township was proclaimed, named in memory of John Egan (1811-1857), an Irish immigrant, owner of large logging concessions in the Outaouais, and holder of several political offices. In 1881, the Municipality Township of Egan was formed.
In 1920, Egan Township was split up into the municipalities of Egan-Sud, Bois-Franc, and Montcerf (now Montcerf-Lytton).
Demographics.
Population trend:
(R) = Revised count.
The language statistics are as follows (as of the 2006 Census): 89% of Egan-Sud speak French as their first language, 4% speak English as their first language, 3% speak both French and English as a first language and 4% have a different first language.

</doc>
<doc id="19274358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274358" title="Taifa of Saltés and Huelva">
Taifa of Saltés and Huelva

The Taifa of Saltés and Huelva was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in southern Iberia from around 1012 to 1051. From 1051 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid.

</doc>
<doc id="19274361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274361" title="Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company">
Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company

Woolly Mammoth Theatre Company is a non-profit theatre company located at 641 D Street NW in the Penn Quarter neighborhood of Washington, D.C. It produces new plays which it believes to be edgy, challenging, and thought-provoking. Performances are in a 265-seat courtyard-style theater.
History.
Woolly Mammoth was founded by Artistic Director Howard Shalwitz, Roger Brady, and Linda Reinisch in 1980. It opened its first season in a church hall near Metro Center. Outgrowing its initial home, the company rented a warehouse in the 14th Street corridor, where it performed for 13 years. When that space ceased to be available, Woolly Mammoth became a nomad company, performing in various venues in the DC area. During this period the company worked with the Pennsylvania Avenue Development Corporation to acquire space for and to outfit a new theatre.
Opened in 2005, the permanent Woolly Mammoth home is a $9 million, 265-seat courtyard-style theater. It was designed by Washington-based architect Mark McInturff in association with Theatre Project Consultants. The space has won local, regional, and national awards for innovative architectural design, including the American Institute of Architects 2006 Institute Honor Award for Interior Architecture. and the United States Institute for Theatre Technology Honor Award 
Plays that have premiered at Woolly Mammoth have been produced in more than 200 theaters in 39 states and 12 countries.
The Theatre’s education and outreach programs include "Pay-What-You-Can" (PWYC) performances providing access to all residents regardless of economic means; "Playmaking," which pairs students with professional playwrights; "Woolly D.C.," in which a neighborhood joins together to create an original production based on an issue of common community concern; and internships, workshops, and theater classes, including a partnership with the University of Maryland, College Park.
Current Productions.
For resident theatre companies "repertory is destiny" - a theatre company acquires its audience by the productions it presents. Woolly Mammoth's productions are new plays that "explore the edges of theatrical style and human experience"
2014-2015.
Let Them Eat . . . 
2013-2014.
America's Tell-Tale Heart 
2012-2013.
My Roots My Revolution 
Notable playwrights and productions.
Woolly Mammoth has produced works by the following playwrights in the seasons indicated:
Awards.
Overall, Woolly Mammoth has earned 130 Helen Hayes Nominations and won 31 Helen Hayes Awards. Its more prestigious awards include:
Affiliations.
Woolly Mammoth is a member of the National New Play Network, Theatre Communications Group, the League of Washington Theaters, and the Cultural Alliance of Greater Washington. The Theatre’s programs are supported by the National Endowment for the Arts, the D.C. Commission on the Arts and Humanities, and the National Capital Arts and Cultural Affairs Program of United States Commission of Fine Arts.
Notes.
Woolly Mammoth is a Blue Star Theatre - part of a collaboration between the Theatre Communications Group and Blue Star Families offering discounted admission to all military personnel, their families and U.S. veterans.

</doc>
<doc id="19274384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274384" title="Taifa of Santa Maria do Algarve">
Taifa of Santa Maria do Algarve

The Taifa of Santa Maria do Algarve () was a medieval taifa kingdom, in what is now southern Portugal, that existed from 1018 to 1051. From 1051 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid.

</doc>
<doc id="19274387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274387" title="Davenport Lyons">
Davenport Lyons

Davenport Lyons is a London-based law firm who provide legal advice and services across various fields. Although most of their work concerns corporate acquisitions, in 2007 their actions against file sharers became news in the United Kingdom. This subject became widely publicised in late 2008 because of the number of innocent people receiving letters from the company, it was reported on "Watchdog" that Atari stopped using this company for this reason.
They were incorporated in 2001 and in 2008 listed 16 associates and 41 partners. Prior to their entry into file-sharing related intellectual property litigation, they were best known for their involvement in the case of a London tailor near Savile Row.
Notable case.
Robin Shaw was named Lawyer of the Week by "The Times" in September for having acted for HarperCollins in the case brought by the BBC to prevent the publication of the autobiography of Ben Collins, the mystery driver known as the Stig in "Top Gear", the BBC TV series. The High Court refused to grant the injunction and the book, The Man in the White Suit, has now been published.
Complaints and investigations.
Davenport Lyons has been accused of trying to extort money from people for alleged copyright infringement. The law firm has accused up to 25,000 people of downloading material such as computer games, music and even pornography that the computer users allegedly know nothing about. This has led to a barrage of complaints against the law firm and investigations by organisations such as Which?.
Solicitors Regulation Authority.
In 2008 an official complaint was made by the Consumers' Association to the Solicitors Regulation Authority (SRA) about Davenport-Lyons' "campaign of letters alleging illegal filesharing".
The case against Davenport Lyons partners David Gore and Brian Miller was the subject of a 7 day hearing at the Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal (SDT), starting 31 May 2011.
On 8 June 2011, the SDT found that all allegations against the pair had been proven. They were fined £20,000 each, ordered to pay interim costs of £150,000, and suspended from practising for three months. The SRA said:
Groups against Davenport Lyons.
In response to Davenport Lyons' initial campaign against suspected file sharers, the pressure group 'Being Threatened' was created, to enable those wrongly accused to take action. They offer the same support and advice to people now being targeted in a similar manner by law firm . British technology news site "The Register" reported that some staff transferred from Davenport Lyons to ACS:Law to continue the work.

</doc>
<doc id="19274451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274451" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19274456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274456" title="Bertil Holmlund">
Bertil Holmlund

Bertil Holmlund (born 5 February 1947) is a Swedish economist, currently Professor of Economics at Uppsala University. He was a member of the prize committee for the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences from 1998 to 2001 and from 2005 to 2006 and is the chairman of the committee since 2008.
Holmlund is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19274461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274461" title="Jovianney Emmanuel Cruz">
Jovianney Emmanuel Cruz

Jovianney Emmanuel Cruz is a classical pianist from the Philippines. He has won several international piano competitions during his competing career and he is in the forefront in a revival of classical music interest in the country.
Biography.
Jovianney Cruz was born from a generation of musicians. His grandmother, Pura Lacson-Villanueva, was a pianist and the first female conductor in the Philippines. She was also the piano teacher of National Artist Lucrecia Kasilag. His mother, Lourdes Lacson Villanueva-Cruz, is a concert pianist who became frustrated when none of her nine children showed any interest in a musical career, though everyone took piano lessons in their early ages. Ten years after the birth of her ninth child, at 49 years old, Mrs. Cruz gave birth to her tenth and youngest child, Jovianney. This time, she made sure that he is going to be a concert pianist, and finally, the heir to the family's music legacy. 
Education.
Mr. Cruz began his piano studies at the age of three from his mother, Lourdes. As a child prodigy at age 6, he was invited to give a command performance for the President of the Philippines at Malacañan Palace. By the age of 10, he made his orchestral debut with the Philippine Youth Orchestra after winning First Prize in the National Music Competitions for Young Artists Foundation. The Young Artists Foundation of the Philippines provided him a grant to pursue scholarships for piano studies abroad.
In 1980, after finishing grade school at Ateneo de Manila University Grade School, he moved to England to attend the Chetham's School of Music in Manchester, a school for gifted young children. The year after, he moved to New York City where he attended the Manhattan School of Music where he was a pupil of the eminent piano pedagogue Solomon Mikowsky.
At the Manhattan School of Music, Jovianney was a winner of both the Preparatory and College Divisions Concerto Competitions and a recipient of the Stanley Thomas Johnson Foundation, the Elva Van Gelder, and the Anne-Marie McDermott Memorial Scholarships. In 1989, he received his Bachelor and Master of Music Degrees in Piano Performance, and was awarded the Harold Bauer Award, the most coveted award given to a pianist with the highest honors at the school. He completed his Master of Music degree from the same school in 1991.
Competitions.
Between 1984 and 1994, Jovianney competed in various international piano competitions around the world. He was a finalist at the Jaen International Piano Competition in Jaen and 6th prize winner at the Rina Sala Gallo International Piano Competition in Milan. He won third prizes at the José Iturbi International Piano Competition in Valencia, María Canals in Barcelona, Pilar Bayona Piano Competition in Zaragosa, and the Frinna Awerbuch International Piano Competition in New York. He placed second in the International Competition for Piano and Orchestra in Mazara del Vallo, Sicily. He won First Prizes at the Bergen Philharmonic Solo Competition, at the Haddonfield Symphony Solo Competition, the Queens Symphony Soloists Competition, the New York State Music Teachers Association, and the Five Towns, Great Neck, and Port Washington Piano Competitions.
Professional career.
He has performed as soloist with the Manila Symphony Orchestra, the Manhattan Philharmonia, the Queens Symphony, the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra, the Maracaibo Symphony, the Orquesta Municipal de Valencia, the Philharmonic Orchestra of the State of Oradea, the Uni-Orchester Säarbrucken, the Orquesta Sinfonica de Tenerife, the Orquesta Filharmonica de Gran Canaria, the National Symphony Orchestra of Malaysia, the Nagoya Philharmonic Orchestra, FILharmoniKA, and numerously with the Philippine Philharmonic Orchestra. He has also amassed a long string of solo recitals and chamber music collaborations, and is consistently requested to conduct master classes in various parts of the world.
Participation in music festivals in New York, Germany, Spain, and Malaysia, has given Jovianney critical acclaim. Music critics and audiences alike describe his solo recitals as “sublime”, “colourful”, and “fantastic”, and his performance of Samuel Barber’s Piano Concerto was praised as “…technically impeccable”. The New Straits Times called his rendition of Mozart at the International Piano Festival in Kuala Lumpur, “…a thrilling performance of an exquisite interpretation…showed his artistry, his finesse, and his sensitivity as a pianist. He made the piano sing from the first note to the last, every nuance and every phrase beautifully executed.”
Piano pedagogue.
Upon returning to the Philippines, Jovianney joined the faculty of the University of the Philippines College of Music as an Associate Professor in Piano Performance. He also worked as consultant to other music conservatories in the Philippines like the Philippine Women’s University, St. Paul University, the Center for Applied Music at the Miriam College, and the University of the City of Manila. He has produced prize-winning students, most of whom have pursued further studies in other countries.
Projects.
As an artistic director and concert producer, he is in the forefront in the revival of classical music awareness in the Philippines. Jovianney formed the "Camerata dell’Arte Foundation" in 1995 to further propagate arts and culture to the people. With him as the artistic director, the foundation established Opusfest in 2006, a biennial music camp where pianists, violinists and cellists from all over the world could perform, as well as participate in master classes given by international artists and pedagogues. Also in 2006, he started the "Ultimate Pianist National Competition" in Manila to discover and promote the new generation of aspiring pianists in the Philippines, provide them with performing opportunities and assist in enhancing their young careers.
In 2008, the Filfest Cultural Foundation was launched with Jovianney Cruz as a founding trustee and the artistic director. The foundation produced "Filfest 2008: A Celebration of Music and Dance", a 12-day series of recitals and performances at the Insular Life Theater, the newly established cultural center south of Metro Manila.
Other Achievements.
Jovianney Cruz was the first Filipino to be invited as Juror in the First ASEAN International Chopin Piano Competition held in Kuala Lumpur and twice the adjudicator in the Hong Kong School of Music Festival’s several years of existence. In 1996, President Fidel V. Ramos conferred on Mr. Cruz The Outstanding Young Men (TOYM) Award for Music, for his contribution to the Arts. The Philippine Daily Inquirer has dubbed Mr. Cruz as “…one of the greatest pianists the country has ever produced!”

</doc>
<doc id="19274462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274462" title="Drumma Boy production discography">
Drumma Boy production discography

The following is a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by American record producer, Drumma Boy.

</doc>
<doc id="19274464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274464" title="Pat Dwyer">
Pat Dwyer

Pat Dwyer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19274495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274495" title="Kenya Institute of Social Work and Community Development">
Kenya Institute of Social Work and Community Development

Kenya Institute of Social Work and Community Development (KISWCD) is a community-focused development and training institution without any governmental, religious or political affiliation. KISWCD was initiated in 1997 and incorporated on 22 June 2000 as a private company limited by guarantee. It was registered by the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology on 22 August 2002 as a training institution.
The institute is managed by Board of Governors who are experienced in the areas of social work, educational institutions management, business management, human resources management, finance and accounting, psychology, environmental health, counselling and law among others.
KISWCD is a member of a number of international organisations and associations and an examination centre for KNEC, ICM UK, AQA UK, and ABMA among others. The Institution offers certificate and diploma courses in Community Development, Social Work and Welfare, Project Management, Community Health and Counseling among others. A number of short courses and consultancy services are available.
In the last 10 years, the institution has distinguished itself as a centre for excellence, drawing students from virtually all major NGOs, government departments and the private sector. Students from Uganda, Tanzania, Mozambique, Sudan, Somalia and Ethiopia are among those who have enrolled in KISWCD.
The main campus is located at NACICO Plaza, 6th Floor, on Landhies Road, Nairobi.
Academics.
Intake.
KISWCD has two intakes: January and June every year. Registration for the distance learning programme is possible throughout the year. Students can register online. On enrolling and paying the tuition fees, students are issued with a timetable, course outlines, rules and regulations, grading systems, ID card, the institute’s annual calendar, list of textbooks and examination timetable.
Mode of study.
Several methods of study are available:
Examinations.
Examinations are administered by several examination bodies namely:
The programmes evaluation and quality assurance is done by Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, Commission for Higher Education, Kenya Methodist University and individual institutions that collaborating with KISWCD.
Field work attachment.
All students are required to get attachments in NGOs, churches and other organisations involved in community work for not less than three months. This is mandatory and takes place during the academic year.
Extracurricula activities.
KISWCD supports student sports activities. The institute sponsors an annual sports day where students and teachers play against each other.
Short courses.
Short courses are organised at the beginning of each year and posted at KISWCD's training calendar on the website. Short courses target specific knowledge and skills in a particular field of interest to the learner in a highly interactive manner with other learners. The facilitators are leading authorities in the subject area and are conversant with emerging trends in the field. Trainees get first-hand research and reference experience from trainers of repute who impart the subject matter of the particular field with utmost authority. The institute links up with Kenya Institute of Social Work to offer the most comprehensive training in various programmes in the region.
Accommodation.
KISWCD does not offer in-house accommodation for students. However, arrangements are made to secure safe accommodation. This cost is met directly by the students.
Consultancy.
The objective of the consultancy services is to provide advice in particular areas of expertise. Changing needs in the job market require new specialised knowledge to deal with the fluid environment hence the need for consultancy services.

</doc>
<doc id="19274500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274500" title="Eugene Kennedy">
Eugene Kennedy

Eugene Cullen Kennedy (born August 18, 1928) is an American psychologist, syndicated columnist, and a professor emeritus of Loyola University Chicago. He remained a professor of psychology at the university for several years. A laicized Catholic priest and a long-time observer of the Roman Catholic Church he has written over fifty books on psychology, religion, Catholic church, and psychology of religion, and also published three novels, " Father's Day" (1981), "Queen Bee" (1982), and "Fixes" (1989). He wrote a column for the Religious News Service, distributed by the "New York Times" syndicate.
Kennedy is a noted dissident in the Catholic Church and has argued for a "post-clerical, de-centered priesthood, in which the adjustments to celibacy are varied." For Kennedy, the priesthood must be changed to include "the love and understanding of a specific woman, or, in some cases, a certain man."
Early life and education.
Eugene Cullen Kennedy was born in Syracuse, New York, on August 18, 1928, to second generation Irish parents, James Donald Kennedy and Gertrude Veronica Cullen.
Kennedy received a bachelor of arts degree from Maryknoll College in 1950, followed by a bachelor's degree in sacred theology from Maryknoll Seminary in New York City in 1953, a master's in religious education in 1954, and both an MA (1958) and PhD (1962) from Catholic University.
Career.
Kennedy joined the order of Maryknoll missionaries and was ordained Roman Catholic priest in 1955. He began his teaching career at Maryknoll College as instructor that same year. He joined in the Clinical Psychology department at Chicago's Loyola University in 1969, and eventually became professor and chairman of the department, retiring as professor emeritus.
Personal life.
He first met Sara C. Charles, a Maryknoll nun and psychiatrist, in mid 1960s, while he was hospitalized in New York owing to a pericardial infection, after over a decade of friendship they married in September 1977 and authored several books together. The couple now live in Chicago.
Works.
0824519132.

</doc>
<doc id="19274545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274545" title="Taifa of Tejada">
Taifa of Tejada

The Taifa of Tejada was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed only from 1146 to 1150 when it was conquered by the Almohads.

</doc>
<doc id="19274556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274556" title="Stori Telling">
Stori Telling

Stori Telling is a 2008 book by Tori Spelling and Hilary Liftin. Published in March, by September it had risen to #1 on the "New York Times" Best Seller list for hardcover non-fiction books. In 2009, the book was awarded Bravo TV's A-List Award as the best celebrity autobiography of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19274564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274564" title="Wi-Fi array">
Wi-Fi array

Wi-Fi Array is the name Xirrus uses for a wireless device that allows up to 1,024 wireless users to connect to a wireless network. A single Wi-Fi Array replaces a wireless LAN controller and several wireless access points. 

</doc>
<doc id="19274596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274596" title="Mickey's Pirate and Princess Party">
Mickey's Pirate and Princess Party

"Mickey's Pirate and Princess Party" is a hard-ticketed (separate admission) event held throughout the months of January through June at the Magic Kingdom theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida outside Orlando, and starting in 2011 at Disneyland Paris Resort. This event combines two of The Walt Disney Company's franchises, the Disney Princess line and the "Pirates of the Caribbean" franchise.
Walt Disney World version.
History.
Started in January 2007, the event was created after cast members at the park saw many children dressed either as pirates or princesses at Mickey's Not-So-Scary Halloween Party, another ticketed event held in September and October throughout 2004's events. Because of that, Walt Disney World decided to create a new event, which took two years of planning.
Theme lands.
Each of the lands within the Magic Kingdom is centered to the theme related to royalty and piracy.
Disneyland Paris version.
A smaller version of this event will be held at Disneyland Paris starting in 2011. Plans will be announced at a future date.

</doc>
<doc id="19274619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274619" title="Murad Aghakishiyev">
Murad Aghakishiyev

Murad Aghakishiyev (; born 13 June 1985) is a football midfielder from Azerbaijan. He debuted for the national team in 2007.
He started his career with Shafa Baku, before moving to MOIK Baku, FK MKT Araz, Qarabağ, FK Karvan, Standard Sumqayıt and FC Absheron before joining Turan Tovuz.

</doc>
<doc id="19274629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274629" title="Rolf Schlierer">
Rolf Schlierer

Rolf Schlierer (born February 21, 1955 in Stuttgart) is a German physician, lawyer and politician and the current leader of the small right-wing party The Republicans (REP).
Early life and non-political career.
Schlierer studied at the Eberhard-Ludwigs-Gymnasium in Stuttgart, before studying medicine in Gießen and obtaining his licence to practice in 1979. He then entered the military as a medical officer, serving with the Airborne forces.
Following his military service Schlierer took up study in philosophy and jurisprudence at the University of Tübingen between 1981 and 1988. Passing his first legal exams in 1988, he established his legal practice in Stuttgart in 1991.
Politics.
Schlierer first came to prominence as chairman of the university political committee of the Deutsche Burschenschaft between 1975 and 1976 and he remained associated with this organisation until 1985. Schlierer became associated with REP sometime after this, although he left the party in 1988 due to the increasing radicalisation under leader Franz Schönhuber. He then rejoined REP in 1989 and soon became deputy chairman of the party in Baden-Württemberg as well as party leader in Stuttgart. 
Schlierer succeeded Schönhuber as party chairman on December 17, 1994. As a leader Schlierer has been described as "nondescript", although he lacks the links to Nazism that Schönhuber, a member of the Nazi Party and Waffen SS, had. This was especially important as Schlierer sought to make REP more moderate in order to attract the support of the middle classes. The early stages of his leadership were rocky as internal struggles between his own moderate and the radical wing under Schönhuber threatened to destabilise the party. However, in spite of these problems, his vision was endorsed initially by the electorate as REP won 9.1% of the vote and 14 seats in Baden-Württemberg in 1996 to, at least temporarily, put the internal struggles on hold. Following this election Schlierer was re-elected as chairman at the party's conference by 77% of the delegates in attendance.
Eschewing the possibility of any alliances with more right wing groups such as the German People's Union and the National Democratic Party of Germany, Schlierer took instead as his model Jörg Haider, although he lacked the oratorial talent and charisma of his Austrian counterpart. As part of his admiration for Haider Schlierer even organised a "Solidarity with Austria" campaign during Haider's time in government and told his supporters to holiday in Haider's home state of Carinthia.
Although the Baden-Württemberg result had secured his position, Schlierer would soon find himself facing renewed criticism from the extremists within the party as subsequent election results proved disappointing. As a consequence he faced a leadership challenge in 1998 from Christian Käs. Ultimately Käs withdrew his candidacy at the last minute and so Schlierer continued as leader, although the contest further exposed the divisions between the party's two wings. Käs remained as one of the party's vice-chairmen, and continued to be a critical voice against the leadership, whilst Schlierer was forced into a climbdown when he met representatives of the German People's Union, whom he had previously dismissed as a "paper party" that had little existence beyond leader Gerhard Frey, and agreed that the two parties should call a series of local electoral truces in their main areas of activities.
More recently, as part of his drive for moderation in REP, he has also sought to forge links with the Christian Democratic Union over the issue of maintaining rigidity in German nationality law.
Personal life.
Schlierer is married with two children and is a practising Protestant.

</doc>
<doc id="19274631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274631" title="Holsljunga">
Holsljunga

Holsljunga is a locality situated in Svenljunga Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 255 inhabitants in 2010.
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Holsljunga:

</doc>
<doc id="19274632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274632" title="Dhapa">
Dhapa

Dhapa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19274635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274635" title="Taifa of Toledo">
Taifa of Toledo

The "taifa" of Toledo was a Muslim medieval kingdom located in what is now central Spain. It existed from the fracturing of the long-eminent Muslim Caliphate of Córdoba in 1035 until the Christian conquest in 1085.
History.
Toledo had been the capital of the Visigothic Kingdom smashed by the Islamic conquest of Iberia in the 8th century. Despite the capital of Al Andalus being moved to Córdoba, in succeeding centuries Toledo kept a strategic importance as capital of the "Middle March", maintaining a relative autonomy under the Umayyad caliphate of Córdoba in spite of repeated rebellion. After the beginning of the latter's dissolution and the ensuing civil wars of the early 11th century, Toledo strengthened its autonomy, the power falling in the hands of powerful local people, including Abu Bala Ya'is ibn Mubammad, Ibn Masarra, Abd al-Rahman and Abd al-Malik ibn Matiyo. Most likely the Toledans, discontented with the latter's government, offered the city to the lord of Santaver (Santabariyya), Abd al-Rahman ibn Dil-Nun, who, around 1035, sent his son Ismail al-Zahir to Toledo to take possession of the city.
The Banu Dil-Nun (from Banu Zenun) were a family of the Berber tribe Hawwara, that had arrived in the peninsula during the Islamic conquest. They settled in the area of Santaver in the 8th to the 10th centuries. Throughout that time Banu Dil-Nun kept on rising up against the Emirate. They regained their autonomy with the decline of the Caliphate during the first decade of the eleventh century: then, possibly, Abd al-Rahman ibn Dil-Nun was made the lord of Santaver, Huete, Uclés and Cuenca obtained by Caliph Sulayman al-Hakam (1009-10 and 1013-16), carrying the title of "Nasir al-Dawla". Abd al-Rahman entrusted his son Ismail with government of Uclés in 1018.
The territory of the taifa of Toledo included what are now the provinces of Toledo, Ciudad Real, Cuenca, the northern part of that of Albacete, Cáceres, Guadalajara (up to the frontier with the taifa of Zaragoza in Medinaceli), and that of Madrid (up to the Sierra de Guadarrama).
Ismail al-Zahir held the throne until 1043, fighting for his independence against Córdoba. He was succeeded by Al-Mamun, who asked Ferdinand I of León and Castile for assistance against Al-Mustain I of the taifa of Zaragoza; twenty years later Toledo was attacked by Ferdinand himself, and was forced to pay tribute to escape the menace. When in 1061 Abd al-Malik ben Abd al-Aziz al-Mansur, ruler of the taifa of Valencia, was attacked by Ferdinand, he sued for support from Al-Mamun, but the latter took advantage of the situation to annex Valencia (1064) with the approval of the Christian king.
The taifa of Toledo and the taifa of Seville both aimed to annex the former capital of Córdoba to their lands; this ended with the city being captured by Seville in 1070. The new King of León, Alfonso VI, pursued a policy of playing the Muslim rulers against each other for his benefit. With the help of al-Mu'tamid of Seville he defeated Abdallah ibn Buluggin of Granada, but at the same time helped Al-Mamun of Toledo in conquering the taifa of Córdoba in 1075. At this point Al-Mamun was the most powerful lord of southern Iberia, his lands including Toledo, Córdoba and Valencia, but he was poisoned the same year, being succeeded by his grandchild Al-Qadir.
The latter, feeling himself strong enough, expelled the exponents of the pro-Castilian party from Toledo. This however caused a revolt in Valencia, which proclaimed its independence. The Cordoban lands were lost in 1077, as well as the southernmost provinces of the kingdom, and Al-Qadir also found himself attacked by Al-Mutawakkil of the taifa of Badajoz. He was therefore forced to ask again for help from Castile, in this way losing the support of many of his subjects. Al-Mutawakkil occupied Toledo in 1080, while Al-Qadir took refuge in Cuenca. He was able to regain the throne the following year, the agreement including the acquisition of Toledo by the Castilian kingdom, while al-Qadir would keep ruling Valencia. Much of the population, tired by the endless series of wars, accepted Alfonso's entrance into Toledo (though with a simulated siege in order to escape a loss of prestige in the Muslim world), but a faction solicited an alliance between Al-Muqtadir of Zaragoza, Al-Mu'tamid of Seville and Al-Mutawakkil of Badajoz against Alfonso. The latter responded by attacking his enemies and, and after four years of "siege", Toledo officially and peacefully fell in Christian hands on 6 May 1085.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19274649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274649" title="David Oliver (magician)">
David Oliver (magician)

David Oliver is an American born magician.
Oliver is known for his neoclassic style of performing stage magic with Doves (Not since Oct 2008 - see below), the Floating Ball and Linking Rings, as well as his comedy and close-up magic. He also serves as adult director of the Society of Young Magicians #29, a youth non-profit. Oliver serves as a mentor to many youth performers and magicians, primarily in the New England & New York areas. He performs regularly at "The Mystery Lounge" in Cambridge, Massachusetts and "Monday Night Magic" in New York City. He is a regular contributor to the magicians' trade publication, Genii, where he reviews magic tricks and effects. 
In October 2008, David Oliver underwent exploratory lung surgery, for a potentially fatal lung affliction called hypersensitivity pneumonitis or Bird Fancier's Lung, caused by working and living with the birds in his show. Subsequently, the doves were removed from his show, after being a feature in his act for more than 25 years. The August 2011 issue of Genii detailed his ordeal with the birds ("Death Defying Dove Acts"), complete with a list of symptoms and how to avoid the same situation. 
In June 2013, after years of declining health due to Bird Fancier's Lung, Oliver had both of his lungs replaced during a grueling 14-hour double lung transplant surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, MA. Months of recuperation and recovery followed. 
MAGIC Magazine featured David Oliver as its January 2014 cover story ("DAVID OLIVER: Celebrating Life!" ), following his difficult journey through the arduous double lung transplant and his subsequent recovery and his second chance at life. The article chronicles the details of his months in Massachusetts General Hospital, as well as the history of his life in magic as a performer, director, writer and mentor.
Oliver has returned to performing full-time, and lives outside of Boston, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19274663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274663" title="Sun Java Workstation">
Sun Java Workstation

Sun Java Workstation was a line of computer workstations sold by Sun Microsystems from 2004 to 2006, based on the AMD Opteron microprocessor family. The range supplanted the earlier Sun Blade workstation line. These were the first x86-architecture workstations Sun had produced, other than the short-lived Sun386i in the late 1980s.
Supported operating systems were Solaris, Red Hat Enterprise Linux WS or SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 9. The Java Workstation name alluded to the workstations being intended to run Sun's Java Desktop System, a GNOME-based desktop environment.
The Java Workstation series was replaced by Ultra 20 and Ultra 40 workstations from 2005 onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19274665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274665" title="HMS Melita (1888)">
HMS Melita (1888)

HMS "Melita" was a Royal Navy "Mariner"-class composite screw gunvessel of 8 guns. She was the only significant Royal Navy warship ever to be built in Malta Dockyard, hence the name, which is the Latin name for the island. She was renamed HMS "Ringdove in 1915 and sold as a salvage vessel to Falmouth Docks Board in 1920, when her name was changed to Ringdove's Aid. She was sold again in 1927 to the Liverpool & Glasgow Salvage Association, who changed her name to Restorer", and she was finally broken up in 1937, 54 years after her keel was laid.
Construction.
Her entire class were re-classified from gunvessels to sloops in November 1884 long before "Melita" entered service.
Career.
"Melita" was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 27 October 1892, nearly ten years after she was laid down. and served in the Mediterranean in the 1890s, recommissioning in October 1895 and again in October 1898. While serving in "Melita" during this period Lieutenant (later Rear Admiral) Edward Inglefield invented the Inglefield clip for quickly attaching flags to each other - they are still in use in the Royal Navy today. She served under Commander Ian M. Fraser as special service vessel at Constantinople when in November 1901 she was ordered to Devonport, where she arrived in late December to be paid off 17 January 1902.
Although it was stated by the Secretary to the Admiralty in Parliament that she would be sold, instead she became a boom defence vessel at Southampton in May 1905. She was reassigned to become a salvage vessel in December 1915, and swapped names with the "Redbreast"-class gunboat , thereby becoming the sixth "Ringdove" to serve in the Royal Navy.
Disposal.
"Ringdove" (ex-"Melita") was sold to the Falmouth Docks Board on 9 July 1920 and renamed "Ringdove’s Aid". She was sold on to the Liverpool & Glasgow Salvage Association, which in 1927 applied her name to change her name to "Restorer". She was broken up in the second quarter of 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="19274673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274673" title="Zaur Hashimov">
Zaur Hashimov

Zaur Hashimov (; born 25 August 1981) is a football defender from Azerbaijan. He debuted for the national team in 2006.
He started his career at Shafa FC, then moved to Inter Baku, FK Khazar Lankaran, and is currently at FK Karabakh since 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19274675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274675" title="Tatopani">
Tatopani

Tatopani may refer to several places in Nepal:

</doc>
<doc id="19274695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274695" title="Irving Convention Center at Las Colinas">
Irving Convention Center at Las Colinas

Opened in January 2011, the Irving Convention Center is a facility located on a tract in Las Colinas Urban Center in Irving, Texas. The convention center and the adjoining mixed use entertainment district are bordered on the west by Highway 114, on the east by Las Colinas Boulevard, on the north by Spur 348/Northwest Highway, and to the south by Fuller Drive. The address is 500 West Las Colinas Blvd. Irving, TX 75039.
The facility is designed to serve exhibition, conventions, and meetings and a variety of other events with the focus being primarily on groups of 800 to 1,200 people with a capacity of 4,000 for a general session. The building consists of several levels with an adjacent parking garage. The first floor contains the column-free exhibition hall that spans approximately two and half stories in height and includes the main lobby. The second level contains 20 breakout rooms totaling as well as the atrium café which extends to an outdoor, shaded terrace. The third level consists of the ballroom with pre-function and breakout areas.
In an effort to avoid the traditional convention center appearance and also utilize natural light as much as possible, the Irving Convention Center is designed as two boxes, stacked and rotated to create cantilevered corners that provide several shaded outdoor areas for visitors to use. The majority of the building will be surrounded in glass for natural light and curtained with a perforated copper façade that will age to a natural copper patina for both a unique appearance and to reduce the consumption of energy. The facility will be designed and constructed to pursue LEED certification.
A DART (Dallas Area Rapid Transit) Light Rail Station (Orange Line) will be located in close proximity to the site to service both the Convention Center and the surrounding Las Colinas area. The Irving Convention Center station is scheduled to open in December 2011 with connections to DFW Airport in December 2013 and also the Dallas Love Field Airport (via the Green Line). There will also be the elevated Las Colinas APT System servicing the Las Colinas area. The multi-level parking garage will provide parking for 800 cars.
Adjoining venues.
3,500 seat concert venue, of restaurants, retail, cinema, and a convention center hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="19274700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274700" title="Als Luise die Briefe ihres ungetreuen Liebhabers verbrannte">
Als Luise die Briefe ihres ungetreuen Liebhabers verbrannte

"" ("As Luise Was Burning the Letters of Her Unfaithful Lover"), K. 520, is a song for piano and voice (soprano) by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to a poem by Gabriele von Baumberg.
History.
Mozart wrote the piece on 26 May 1787, when he had just started to write "Don Giovanni", in the Vienna district of Landstraße in the room of his friend and occasional composer Gottfried von Jacquin (1767–1792), who was then 21 years old. It is set to words of the poet Gabriele von Baumberg (1768–1839), an acquaintance of Mozart and Jacquin. In fact, Mozart wrote this piece for Jacquin's use, who had it copied —with Mozart's knowledge— into a songbook of six songs under his own attribution; the four other songs were by Jacquin. Mozart's other contribution for this songbook was his K. 530 "" which Mozart posted to Jacquin later that year from Prague where he prepared "Don Giovanni".
Emil Gottfried Edler von Jacquin was a son of Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin and younger brother of Joseph Franz von Jacquin. Nikolaus and Mozart often gave house concerts together where Nikolaus played the flute. Gottfried also had a younger sister, Franziska (9 October 1769 – 12 August 1850) who received piano lesson from Mozart. In a letter to Gottfried from 15 January 1787 he praises her studiousness and diligence. Mozart dedicated a considerable number of his works to the Jacquin family, notably
the Kegelstatt Trio. This was first played at the Jacquins' house in August 1786 with Mozart playing the violin,
Anton Stadler the clarinet, and Franziska the piano.
Gottfried von Jacquin added different dedications to each of the six songs, and had his booklet published in Vienna by Laurenz Lausch in 1791; he died the following year, 25 years old. His family had it published again as part of his estate in about 1803 by Johann Cappi. Jacquin's dedication for this work (K. 520) was "". Sybille Dahms believes this to be the contralto singer Katharina von Altomonte who sang —alongside Mozart's sister-in-law and former love interest Maria Aloysia Lange, the "incomparable" (Joseph II) tenor Valentin Adamberger, and the bass Ignaz Saal— in the March 1789 performance of Handel's "Messiah" in Mozart's orchestration. Katharina von Altomonte was presumably related to the painter Bartolomeo Altomonte (1694–1783) who was famous for his peinted ceilings in many Austrian churches.
On 27 March 1799 Constanze Mozart wrote to the publishers Breitkopf & Härtel:
After Constanze sold the autograph as part of a large collection to the Kapellmeister Johann Anton André, it passed on to his son Johann August André. It came then to the Austrian ambassador in Berlin, Count György Esterházy (1809–1856) and was later purchased Louisa Emily Charlotte, Lady Revelstoke, wife of Edward Baring, 1st Baron Revelstoke; at her death in 1892 it fell to her second daughter, Margaret, wife of Charles Spencer, 6th Earl Spencer. It remained in the Spencer family until it was put up for sale on 16 October 1985 as lot 146 at Christie's, London, when a Janez Mercun in Geneva acquired it. It came up for auction again at Christie's on 3 December 2003 where it was sold for £251,650 (then US$435,355).
The poem.
Though famous in her time as "the German Sappho" and praised by Goethe, not much of Gabriele von Baumberg's work is notable today, but Franz Schubert set six of her poems to music. Von Baumberg was born on 25 March 1768 in Linz; she was married to the Hungarian radical liberation poet János Batsányi; she died on 24 July 1839 in Linz. She wrote this poem probably in 1786 when she was 18 years old, presumably in the wake of a personal experience.
Mozart found the poem in the "" ("Vienna Almanc of the Muses for the Year 1786").
The music.
The song is written in the time signature of common time and in the key signature of C minor; it is 20 bars long. As was usual in that period, Mozart wrote the piece using the soprano clef. The song contains almost no melismata, and several passages provide a considerable element of operatic drama. The arpeggiating rolls in the left hand in bars 6 to 9 illustrate both the burning flames and the singer's fury about the unfaithful lover. This is followed by pauses and chromatic figures to express hesitation and despair. The rising thirty-second notes to "Ihr brennet nun, und bald, ihr Lieben, ist keine Spur von euch mehr hier" (bars 12 to 14) return to the image of licking, rising flames and sparks, before again chromatically falling into doubt about the act just committed and the singer's lingering feelings towards the unfaithful lover.
The musical language in bars 12 to 14 often occurs in Mozart's operas to heighten emotional effect; we find a recitativo-like voice rising over the progression minor dominant→major dominant→3rd inversion of the seventh chord→diminished seventh→major dominant in "La finta giardiniera" (no. 12 "", bars 295–299), "Idomeneo" (no. 6 "", bars 52–58), "Figaro" (no. 18 "", bars 40–44), and in the "Entführung" (no. 4 "", bars 34–39); in all these, as well as here, the effect is enforced with sforzando or crescendo dynamics.
Mozart took three attempts at one particular phrase: "". See his first attempt on the right. He then crossed out the words and re-arranged them slightly for his second version. Both these versions resulted in undue stresses for the word "Me-lan-cho-lie" (stressed on the 2nd and 4th syllables in German). Finally, he crossed out the whole section and wrote a new version (see right) in some free space at the bottom of the sheet. This now gets the stresses right, and by abandoning the earlier syncopation, it also renders more mournfully.
A further change was the ending, which was originally a simple tonic chord on the last syllable of the vocal line; Mozart crossed out the closing double bar-line emphatically with eight marks and added the little piano which rounds the piece off by echoing the opening figure.
Alfred Einstein wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="19274730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274730" title="Aykhan Abbasov">
Aykhan Abbasov

Aykhan Abbasov (; born 25 August 1981) is a professional footballer from Azerbaijan. He debuted for the national team in 2006.
Abbasov started his career in Shafa FC, then moved to FK MKT-Araz, Inter Baku, and currently to FK Karabakh whom he joined in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19274731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274731" title="Victor Baptistin Sénès">
Victor Baptistin Sénès

Victor Baptistin Sénès (Toulon, 31 May 1857 - "Léon Gambetta", 27 April 1915) was a French naval officer and admiral.
Career.
Sénès entered the École Navale in October 1874. He reached the rank of "enseigne de vaisseau" 2nd class in August 1876, and joined the battleship "Richelieu". He reached the rank of "enseigne de vaisseau" first class the following year and was promoted in October 1879 to "Lieutenant de vaisseau". 
He served as Maneuvering Officer on "Orne" from 1881, and he participated in the campaign of Tunisia. Three years later, when in command of the ship's machine guns at Tonkin, he distinguished himself during operations in the River Claire (Sông Lô River, also called the Lo River). 
Injured in February 1885, he was promoted to "Lieutenant de vaisseau" in March of that same year. He then headed the "Secrétariat Général" majority in Toulon in 1886, and later attended the School of Submarine Defence on the "Algésiras". 
Commissioned as a destroyer commander, he was finally ordered in 1890 to Destroyer Squadron 127 in the Mediterranean and, in 1891, took command of torpedo boat "Éclair". In 1897, he took part in the operations of the international squadron sent in Crete during the Greco-Turkish War. 
He was promoted to Frigate captain in 1898, served as aid to the Ministry, and eventually rose to personal secretary of the Minister of War. He became chief of the first section of the General Staff in Toulon, and he was conspicuous in 1899 during the explosion of the powder magazine at Lagoubran near Toulon. Sénès became a Captain in 1905 and took command of the battleship "Charles Martel", in the Mediterranean Squadron. 
He was promoted to Rear-Admiral in 1911, and took command of the 2nd Division of the 1st Light Wing, on the armoured cruiser "Léon Gambetta". At the beginning of the First World War, he took part in cruiser operations in the Mediterranean and Adriatic. On 27 April 1915, the "Léon Gambetta" was torpedoed by the Austrian-Hungarian submarine off of Cape Santa Maria di Leuca. Sénès sank with his vessel.
Sources.
VICTOR BAPTISTIN SENES (1857-1915)

</doc>
<doc id="19274738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274738" title="AMF Technotransport">
AMF Technotransport

AMF Technotransport was a locomotive and railway rolling stock maintenance facility in Pointe-Saint-Charles, an area of Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was originally the Pointe-Saint-Charles shops of Canadian National Railways and became a separate subsidiary in 1993 under the name AMF Technotransport. 
In 1995, CN awarded a contract to manage AMF to GEC-Alsthom. In 1996, CN sold AMF to GEC-Alsthom. GEC-Alsthom subsequently changed its name to Alstom. By 1998, Alstom had dropped the AMF name and identified the facility as Alstom's Montreal remanufacturing centre or its Montreal rail centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19274744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274744" title="Arkansas State Auditor">
Arkansas State Auditor

Arkansas State Auditor (formally known as the Auditor of State) is an executive position and constitutional officer within the Arkansas government. The State Auditor serves as the accountant for the state, responsible for monitoring funds for state agencies, disbursing state funds, and managing unclaimed property.
The current State Auditor is Charlie Daniels, who took office in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19274767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274767" title="Imbricaria olivaeformis">
Imbricaria olivaeformis

Imbricaria olivaeformis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miter shells or miter snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Indo-Pacific along the Mascarene Basin and Réunion; in the Pacific Ocean along the Philippines, Hawaii, Australia, Papua New Guinea, Japan and Okinawa
Description.
The length of the shell varies between 7 mm and 21 mm

</doc>
<doc id="19274771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274771" title="Martha Shoffner">
Martha Shoffner

Martha Shoffner is the former state treasurer of Arkansas. A Democrat, she was first elected in 2006, taking office in January 2007. She was re-elected in 2010.
History.
Shoffner was born and raised in Jackson County. Born to a farmer and a school teacher, she graduated from Newport High School and attended Memphis State University and Arkansas State University. She started working in advertising. and is also a licensed real estate agent. 
Career.
She was elected to the Arkansas House of Representatives in 1996. After being term limited, she was an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination for the state auditor. In 2005, Shoffner announced her candidacy for state treasurer on the steps of the Jackson County Courthouse. After being outspent almost 3-to-1 Shoffner was elected to the office in 2006.
Arrest.
On May 18, 2013, the FBI arrested Shoffner on a charge of extortion, Following her release on bail, Shoffner resigned as Arkansas State Treasurer on May 21, 2013. 
She was subsequently indicted on June 5, 2013 by a Federal Grand Jury on six counts of extortion under color of official right, one count of attempted extortion under color of official right, and seven counts of receipt of a bribe by an agent of a state government receiving federal funds. 

</doc>
<doc id="19274784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274784" title="Early Daze">
Early Daze

Early Daze: The Studio Collection is a compilation album by the Sex Pistols released in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19274789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274789" title="Robert Thorpe (Lord Chancellor)">
Robert Thorpe (Lord Chancellor)

Sir Robert Thorpe KS JP (died 29 June 1372) was a British justice. He was the son of another Sir Robert Thorpe, and is occasionally confused with another Robert Thorpe who was second master of Pembroke College, Cambridge at around the same time. The Thorpe family produced many prominent lawyers, including William de Thorpe, Chief Justice of the King's Bench, who may have been influential in guiding Robert towards a judicial career. In 1339 he was made a Serjeant-at-law, and between 1345 and 1356 served as a King's Serjeant. He served as a Justice of the Peace in Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, Norfolk, Suffolk, Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire, and was also involved in Assize, Gaol delivery and Oyer and terminer. On 27 June 1356 he was appointed as Chief Justice of the Common Pleas and knighted, and on 1 October he was awarded a grant of £40 to support his new position. He was a member of the councils of both the Black Prince and John of Gaunt, and was appointed a Trier of Petitions at every Parliament between 1362 and 1371. 
In 1368 he took part in the trial of the Steward of the King's Household, Sir John de la Lee, and in 1371 he was part of a commission inquiring into the embezzlement of money by Sir William Latimer. An anti-clerical movement in 1371 forced the King to dismiss the Lord Chancellor, treasurer, and keeper of the privy seal and replace them with laymen; as a result, Thorpe was appointed as Chancellor to replace William of Wykeham, a position he took up on 14 April. He unfortunately held the position for only a year until his death on 29 June 1372. 

</doc>
<doc id="19274808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274808" title="Moraine Cone">
Moraine Cone

Moraine Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene period and is part of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19274831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274831" title="Barthold Hansteen Cranner">
Barthold Hansteen Cranner

Barthold Hansteen Cranner (1867 – 1925) was a Norwegian botanist.
Born in Oslo, he worked as a professor at the Norwegian College of Agriculture. He especially worked with phosphoric, lipidic matter in plant cells.

</doc>
<doc id="19274843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274843" title="Louis Loyzeau de Grandmaison">
Louis Loyzeau de Grandmaison

Louis Loyzeau de Grandmaison (born 21 January 1861 - died 18 February 1915) was a French General during World War I, he was Chief of Operations for the General Staff, where he promoted attaque à outrance.
He was a member of Nichan Iftikhar (Order of glory), a Tunisian honorary order. 

</doc>
<doc id="19274898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274898" title="Jan Berger (footballer born 1955)">
Jan Berger (footballer born 1955)

Jan Berger (born 27 November 1955 in Prague) is a Czech former football midfielder and was most recently the manager of Slavoj Vyšehrad.
Career.
In Czechoslovakia, he played for Sparta Prague.
International career.
He played 30 matches for the Czechoslovakia national football team. He won a bronze medal in the 1980 UEFA European Football Championship and was a participant in the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
Personal.
Berger is the uncle of Patrik Berger who represented the Czech Republic. He is the father of footballer Tomáš Berger.

</doc>
<doc id="19274902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274902" title="Sleet Cone">
Sleet Cone

Sleet Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It lies in the Desolation Lava Field and is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene period and is part of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19274914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274914" title="Pauly (disambiguation)">
Pauly (disambiguation)

Pauly is a 1997 comedy television series.
Pauly may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19274915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274915" title="David Lean filmography">
David Lean filmography

The following is a filmography of David Lean, whose body of work in the film industry spanned the period from 1930–1984. This list includes the release year of the film, the role(s) Lean had in the production of each film, and additional notes such as awards and nominations. Lean directed 17 feature films in total.

</doc>
<doc id="19274928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274928" title="F43">
F43

F43, F-43 or F.43 may refer to:
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19274956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274956" title="Armenian art">
Armenian art

Armenian art is the unique form of art developed over 4,500 years of habitation of the Armenian Highland by the Armenian people. Armenian architecture and miniature painting have dominated Armenian artistic production and have shown consistent development over the centuries. Other media of Armenian art include sculptures; frescoes, mosaics, and ceramics; metalwork and engravings; textiles; music; and printing.
Most works of Armenian art had a Christian meaning.
Study of Armenian Art History.
The study of Armenian art began in the early twentieth century. Notable scholars of Armenian art were Catholicos Garegin Hovsepian and professor Sirarpie Der Nerséssian. More recently, Jean-Michel Thierry and Professor Dickran Kouymjian are prominent scholars of Armenian art.
Architecture.
The first Armenian churches were built during the lifetime of St. Gregory the Illuminator, were often built on the sites of destroyed pagan temples, and imitated some aspects of Armenian pre-Christian architecture.
Classical and Medieval Armenian Architecture is divided into four separate periods.
The first period, from the 4th to the 7th century, began with Armenia's conversion to Christianity, and ended after the Arab invasions of Armenia. The early churches were mostly simple basilicas, some with side apses. By the fifth century the typical cupola cone in the center had become widely used. By the seventh century, centrally-planned churches had been built and the more complicated "niched buttress" and radiating "Hrip'simé" style had formed. By the time of the Arab invasions, most of what we now know as classical Armenian architecture had formed.
The second period lasted from the 9th to the 11th century. Armenian architecture underwent a revival under the patronage of the Bagratid dynasty with many buildings erected in the regions of Ani and Lake Van: these included both traditional styles and new innovations. Ornately carved Armenian khachkars were developed during this time. Many new cities and churches were built during this time, including a new capital at Lake Van and a Cathedral on Akdamar Island to match. The Cathedral of Ani was also completed during this dynasty. It wad during this time that the first major monasteries, such as Haghpat and Haritchavank were founded. This period was ended by the Seljuk invasion.
Sculptures.
Each culture possesses a certain original element which becomes a symbol of the entire national culture. In Armenia such symbol is “khachkar”, the so-called crosses-stones, the monuments of Armenia which are not found anywhere in the world. The word “khachkar” is formed by two Armenian roots: “khach” (cross) and "kar" (stone).

</doc>
<doc id="19274964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274964" title="Riverdale Kingsbridge Academy">
Riverdale Kingsbridge Academy

The Riverdale/Kingsbridge Academy (RKA) is a small public school in Riverdale, Bronx. It has approximately 1,320 students, as it is a middle school and high school. The current Principal is Lori O'Mara. It was a middle school only until 1999 when in response to community demand, a high school was added. With the addition of a high school 8th graders are automatically admitted to the high school. However, they can also go to other schools such as Bronx High School of Science . RKA is known as the number one feeder for specialized high schools.
Curriculum.
In addition to a diverse college preparatory curriculum, Riverdale Kingsbridge Academy offers a middle school Honors Program, Advanced Placement courses, and enrollment courses through Hunter College. Advanced Placement courses include Spanish, U.S. history, World history, Art, Biology, Calculus, Psychology, Computers, dance.
http://www.rka141.org/home.html
Extracurricular activities.
Student groups and activities at Riverdale Kingsbridge Academy include band, book clubs, after school clubs environmental club, Model United Nations, MOUSE Squad, National Honor Society and National Junior Honor Society, Literary Magazine (Paw Print), Nutrition Club, Science Olympiad, and Yearbook.
Riverdale Kingsbridge Academy athletic teams compete in the PSAL (high school) and CHAMPS (middle school). The high school teams include baseball, basketball, golf, soccer, softball, volleyball, and wrestling; the middle school teams include, dance, tennis, and wrestling. Cross country and tennis are played at the club level. The baseball team won the 2010 Division B Championship, finishing with a perfect 21-0 record.
Demographics.
According to the CEP report, Black or African American make up 14% of the school's population, Hispanic or Latino 51%, Asian or Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander 9%, and White 26%.

</doc>
<doc id="19274968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274968" title="Total PC Gaming">
Total PC Gaming

Total PC Gaming was a monthly magazine published by "Imagine Publishing", launched in 2007 it ran until March 2010. The magazine featured videogame industry news, game reviews, hardware reviews, and sections dedicated to fans of "retro gaming" and "Massively multiplayer online game"s.
Staff.
The staff included editor Russell Barnes, who had been at the helm since issue 2, as well as Games Editor Ben Biggs, who wrote a blog on the magazine's website, Sam Bandah, who ran the Letters page and designer Andy Salter. Stuart Campbell regularly freelanced for TPCG and wrote the monthly "Why I hate PC gamers" column for issues 3-12. Freelancer David Crookes produced a monthly two-page interview with many big names and some old school PC content was also taken from past issues of Retro Gamer. Freelancer James Pikover produced monthly hardware reviews, as well as the 2008 holiday gift guide special.
Review scores.
"Total PC Gaming" scored games reviews out of ten, and only two have achieved a perfect score, "Fallout 3" and "Grand Theft Auto IV". The lowest score was 2, which is jointly held by "The Dark Legions" and "Soldier of Fortune: Payback".
Format change.
When the title was launched, one of the main selling points was that there were no extras attached to the magazine, thus keeping the price (£3.99) lower than the competitors, "PC Zone" and "PC Gamer", who both retailed at £5.99 and were sold in a sealed plastic bag that included a DVD that contained extra content. However, with the release of issue 11, Total PC Gaming had changed to match this format, and had raised the price to £5.49.
The end.
On the 20th March 2010 a letter was sent out to the magazine's subscribers stating that issue 31 will be the final issue. No reason for the closure was provided. Imagine Publishing director Damian Butt told MCV: "Imagine Publishing can confirm that following a period of review it has decided to close Total PC Gaming magazine with immediate effect. All staff have moved onto other magazines within the company. The website www.TotalPCGaming.com will continue to run as part of the NowGamerNetwork. Issue 31 will be the last to be published.
"The support from our advertisers and readers has been fantastic and it's always a shame to close a magazine, especially one that is still profitable, but following the widespread delisting of PC games magazines from many magazine-selling outlets, we felt that the team deserved to be working on projects with greater future potential.
"We are currently deciding whether to continue to run a regular digital edition of the magazine on our popular global iPhone/iPad platform."

</doc>
<doc id="19274973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274973" title="Tadeusz Piotrowski (mountaineer)">
Tadeusz Piotrowski (mountaineer)

Tadeusz Piotrowski (September 19, 1939 – July 10, 1986) was a Polish mountaineer and author of several books related to the subject. He has been referred to as "perhaps the finest winter mountaineer of his day".
Career.
He began his career in the 1960s in Poland's Tatra Mountains, around the time when he was a student at the Szczecin University of Technology. He would go on to become one of the leading Polish mountaineers, known worldwide as a winter climbing specialist. He was one of the earliest mountaineers to specialize in winter climbing. 
His best known climbs, usually first along the given path, and most of them in winter, include: Trollryggen, Norway in winter 1972, Noshaq, Afghanistan in winter 1973, Trollryggen, Norway in winter 1974, Trollryggen, Norway in winter 1977, Tirich Mir, Afghanistan in 1978, Rakaposhi, Pakistan in 1979, Distaghil Sar, Pakistan in 1980, Api, Nepal in winter 1983 and K2 in China/Pakistan in summer 1986.
In 1974, his climbing companion, Stanisław Latałło, died on Lhotse; whether Piotrowski could have helped him caused some controversy among Polish mountaineers. In 1983, Piotrowski directed the winter ascent on Api Mountain (7132 meters above sea level), and reached its peak on Christmas Eve. He was accompanied by Andrzej Bieluń, who climbed at the head, and was lost, assumed dead near the top of the mountain. 
Piotrowski died on 10 July 1986. Two days previously he and Jerzy Kukuczka had finished the first ascent of the South Face of K2 (also called the "Polish Line") - a very difficult and dangerous route which was threatened by seracs and had been called "suicidal" by Reinhold Messner. "The route is so avalanche-prone, that no one else has ever considered a new attempt." It was during the descent by a classic route (the Abruzzi Spur) that he lost both his crampons and fell to his death at the height of around 7900 meters, following two exhausting stopovers at the wall with no food or water. The route Piotrowski and Kukuczka climbed remains unrepeated.
For his mountaineering successes, Tadeusz Piotrowski became a four-time recipient of the highest sports medal in Poland, the Gold Medal for the Exceptional Sporting Achievements.
Notes.
a In 1993 a Canadian team (Barry Blanchard, Troy Kirwan and Peter Arbic) made a partial repeat, but exited onto the Abruzzi Spur at a lower point than the Poles had done, and did not reach the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="19274979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274979" title="Davis Field (Georgia)">
Davis Field (Georgia)

Davis Field is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Folkston, a city in Charlton County, Georgia, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Davis Field covers an area of at an elevation of 68 feet (21 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with a 2,500 by 50 ft (762 x 15 m) asphalt pavement. For the 12-month period ending February 2, 2006, the airport had 3,000 aircraft operations, an average of 250 per month, all of which were general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="19274980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19274980" title="Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion">
Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion

Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion is a landmark public pavilion in the Sunnyside lakefront area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Built in 1922, its original function was to provide changing facilities for swimming in Lake Ontario, however lake conditions were often too cold and an adjoining public swimming pool was built in 1925. The Pavilion was renovated in 1980 to provide updated changing facilities and a café along the beach and a garden. 
History.
By the 1920s, swimming at the foot of Roncesvalles Avenue had been popular for over thirty years, as there was a swimming area near a pumping station. This changed in 1913 when the pumping station was demolished to make way for the bridge connecting Lakeshore Road and the King/Queen/Roncesvalles intersection. A staircase was built for pedestrians to walk down to the shoreline. A slide was installed for bathers to slide down into the water. By 1920, this area was filled in and the beach was moved farther to the south. For the year 1921, the beach was recorded as having over 302,525 visitors.
On June 28, 1922, Toronto Mayor Charles A. Maguire opened the Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion to help bathers change for the swim in the lake. The building, constructed of concrete, cost $300,000. Each wing held an outdoor changing area, lockers and showers, the women's side on the east, and men's side on the west. It offered over 7,700 lockers for patrons, a roof garden for 400. Admission fees were 25¢ for adults and 15¢ for children, and bathing suits and towels could be rented. In the center was a staircase leading to an upper terrace which overlooked the change areas leading to a rear terrace which ran the full length of the building and overlooked the beach. 
The building was designed by Alfred Chapman who had designed the Princes' Gates and the Ontario Government Building at Exhibition Place for the Canadian National Exhibition (CNE). The bathing pavilion design was based on the bathing pavilion at Lynn Beach in Massachusetts.
The Pavilion was the site of the first 'Miss Toronto' beauty pageant in 1926.
The 'Tank'.
On July 29, 1925, due to coldness of the lake during the preceding two summers, the Sunnyside Pool, nicknamed the 'Tank', was opened beside the Bathing Pavilion to the east. It measured by and could accommodate 2,000 swimmers. At the time of construction, the pool was considered the largest outdoor swimming pool in the world. Admission fees were 35¢ for adults, 10¢ for children.
The 'Tank' was especially popular with children as special streetcar runs were made to take children to the Pool directly from around the City. When built, the pool had a diving tower and bleachers on the east end. The tower was replaced with a simple diving board before 1980, and the diving board itself was eventually removed.
Renovated facility.
The Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion was renovated in 1980. The outdoor lockers and changing areas were demolished and new changing rooms were built. The pool was rededicated as the 'Gus Ryder Pool', named after Marilyn Bell's coach, the founder and coach of the Lakeshore Swim Club of New Toronto.
East wing.
The east wing of the pavilion, which formerly held the outdoor women's changing area became a new enclosed changing facility with new men's and women's changing areas. The former entrance from the archway area was closed and a new entrance was cut in the north wall to enter the changing area.
West wing.
The west wing, which formerly held the men's changing area, now houses a cafe with patio on the boardwalk and a tea garden. An opening was made in the western wall opening onto the adjacent parklands.
Central section and upstairs.
The central section and upstairs terrace is used as a public space for functions, such as wedding receptions, catered by the cafe below.
Pool.
The pool was closed for renovations for most of the summer of 2010. Intended to reopen in July, the pool reopened for a short period at the end of August, using a temporary water heater. A June storm destroyed some pool equipment, including custom pool heaters for the pool.
Boardwalk frontage.
The south side of the facility is home to the cafe, and fronts onto the boardwalk and the beach. The cafe is open from spring to fall.
Activities.
Sunnyside Pool is open for swimming during the summer, starting in June and ending in September. In 2012, the pool is open from 10 AM until 8 PM, with a break from 3:45 PM until 5 PM. During heat alerts, the pool stays open until 11:45 PM. The pool has regular swimming instruction leading to "Bronze Medallion" certification. Swimming at the pool is free, however there is a charge for instruction programs. To the east of the pool is an outdoor wading pool and a children's playground. South of the pavilion, the beach is available for beach volleyball. The lake is fit for swimming most of the summer, except for days after rainstorms when bacteria counts are high.
On Canada Day, the pavilion and park is often the site of picnics or music festivals. In 2011, a small music festival, the "Canada Day Picnic" played live and recorded "house" music from 1 PM until 11 PM on July 1. In other years, the music has been country and other forms.
In September, the upper terrace is used for the annual Sunnyside Beach Juried Art Show & Sale. The show takes place over a weekend and includes live music. Admission is free.

</doc>
<doc id="19275003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275003" title="Storm Cone">
Storm Cone

Storm Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada. It is thought to have last erupted in the Holocene period and lies on the Desolation lava field which is part of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19275004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275004" title="Emporia State Hornets">
Emporia State Hornets

The Emporia State Hornets and Lady Hornets are the sports teams of Emporia State University located in Emporia, Kansas. They participate in the NCAA's Division II and in the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association (MIAA).
Sports.
Men's sports
Women's sports
Women's Basketball.
In March 2010, the Lady Hornets basketball team won the NCAA Division II National Championship, defeating the Fort Lewis College (Colorado) Skyhawks.
In 1998, Emporia State's women's basketball team played in the NCAA Women's Division II Basketball Championship. The head coach for that team was Cindy Stein, who left to coach at the University of Missouri.
Women's basketball was second in the nation in attendance in 2010-11; it led the nation in 2004-05 and has been in the top six nationally for 14 years.
Softball.
The softball team played for the national championship in 2008.
Baseball.
The baseball team played in the national championship game in 2009 and they were MIAA conference champions in 2011. They've played in 9 straight regional tournaments. The hornets have been pre-season ranked top 10 since 2009.
Football.
Football at Emporia State is played at Welch Stadium. The current football coach is Garin Higgins. The current head football coach at Emporia State is Garin Higgins, who has held the position since 2007. Higgins was an ESU quarterback from 1987-1990. Past football coaches include Homer Woodson Hargiss, Jerry Kill, and Harold Elliott.
Mascot.
The official mascot of Emporia State Athletic teams is Corky, designed by Paul Edwards (1915— ), a former Disney artist
Fight song.
Fight On, Emporia! is the official fight song for Emporia State University. The lyrics are listed below, as well as the mp3 version of the song.
Fight On, Emporia!
Fight on, Emporia, for the right, Emporia!
Alma Mater.
Shall we exalt our University<br>
True to our forebears and posterity? <br>
Our finest efforts we shall yield <br>
In classroom, concert, lab and field- <br>
And cheers for ESU <br>
And cheers for ESU.
Shall we remember in our future years <br>
Bold shouts of victory or sentimental tears? <br>
Then shall the memories abound <br>
We made these hallowed halls resound- <br>
With cheers for ESU <br>
With cheers for ESU.
Words by Tom Isern
Music by Joseph Ott

</doc>
<doc id="19275030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275030" title="DB Class 10">
DB Class 10

The steam locomotives of DB Class 10 were express train locomotives with the Deutsche Bundesbahn in Germany after the Second World War. They were nicknamed 'Black Swans' ('schwarze Schwäne') as a result of their elegant shape.
History.
These newly designed locomotives were built by the firm of Krupp and delivered to the DB in 1957. The two examples of this class were given operating numbers 10 001 and 10 002. They had originally been seen as a replacement for the DRG Class 01 and Class 01.10. However as a result of their late delivery, high axle load of over 22 tonnes (which restricted its use to only a few routes) and structural changes to rail operations, this plan did not come to fruition. Both engines were designed to greatly reduce maintenance and repair costs. They had a conical smokebox door and partial streamlining which protected the cylinders from dirt and from cooling too rapidly and, at the same time, was supposed to reduce wind resistance. The fully welded boiler was the same as the newly designed one used to re-equip the DRG Class 01.10 from 1953. 
The two engines differed initially in their firing. Number 10 001 only had supplementary oil-firing to start with, thus relieving the stoker of up to 30% of his work, but was later converted so that it was fully oil-fired, as 10 002 had been from the outset. 
Both vehicles were equipped with a newly designed tender of Class 2'2' T 40.
Locomotives 10 001 and 10 002 were only permitted to work on certain main lines as heavy express steam locomotives due to their axle load of 22 tonnes. Up to 1962 they were allocated to Bebra locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk" or "Bw"), before being transferred to "Bw" Kassel where they worked alongside the DRG Class 01.10s until 20 March 1967 heading fast-stopping and express trains to and from Gießen. Number 10 001 hauled the E 387/388 (E 687/688) fast-stopping services to and from Münster almost without a break from 21 March 1967 to the beginning of January 1968, and for one month even had special permission to continue as far as Rheine (which part of the route was only cleared for 20 tonne axle loads). 
Locomotive 10 002 was retired after a side rod broke in January 1967 and number 10 001 was retired in June 1968.
No. 10 001 may be viewed at the German Steam Locomotive Museum ("Deutsche Dampflokomotiv-Museum") in Neuenmarkt-Wirsberg. No. 10 002 was scrapped in 1972 at the Offenburg repair shop ("Ausbesserungswerk" or "Aw").
The Class 10 was generally well-liked, especially by the staff at Kassel depot. Contrary to the claim commonly made in the literature that she was prone to damage, her long periods out of service were because spare parts were never available locally, unlike those of the Class 01.

</doc>
<doc id="19275031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275031" title="Shigeo Nakata">
Shigeo Nakata

Olympics.
Nakata competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "flyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19275043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275043" title="Lancaster and Waumbek Apartments">
Lancaster and Waumbek Apartments

The Lancaster and Waumbek Apartments were small apartment buildings respectively located at 227-29 and 237-39 East Palmer Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. The apartments were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. They were demolished in November 2005.
Description.
The Lancaster and Waumbek Apartments were two small three-story apartment buildings of similar design located side-by-side on East Palmer. Each building was constructed of brick trimmed with stone, and designed in a Tudor Revival style, although with slightly different detailing on the exterior. The façades featured projecting bays with a small light well in the middle. On the interior, each floor was divided into two apartments of similar layout, featuring decorative plaster and woodwork.
Significance.
The two structures were well-designed examples of turn-of-the-century apartment houses in Detroit. They were designed by the prolific Almon Clother Varney, a notable architect of apartment buildings in early 20th century Detroit. These two buildings were once owned by one of Michigan's first suffragists, Sarah A. Sampson, who lived in the Lancaster with her husband from 1906 to 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19275046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275046" title="Channel Tunnel fire">
Channel Tunnel fire

Channel Tunnel fire may refer to one of three fires which have occurred in the Channel Tunnel since its opening in 1994. All were caused by lorries carried on the heavy goods vehicle trains. 

</doc>
<doc id="19275063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275063" title="BlueFace">
BlueFace

Blueface is a telephony services provider founded by Aaron Clauson in 2004. Blueface provides call plans for residential and business customers, along with VoIP and geographical numbers. The company also sells ATA and SIP phones.

</doc>
<doc id="19275070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275070" title="List of Trial &amp; Retribution episodes">
List of Trial &amp; Retribution episodes

The following is an episode list for the hit ITV crime drama "Trial & Retribution". The series premiered on 19 October 1997, the show is written by Lynda La Plante, who is also famous for Prime Suspect and Widows (TV series). Each episode of "Trial & Retribution" is broadcast over 2 nights.
As of 16 January 2009, 20 episodes of "Trial & Retribution" have aired. The list is ordered by the episodes' original air dates.
Series 1.
"Trial & Retribution".
A five-year-old girl goes missing and the police are called in to search. When her body is found inside a sewage pipe, it becomes a murder investigation, which is headed by Detective Superintendent Michael Walker. They follow a few leads and eventually arrest a suspect, who is then sent to trial.
Series 2.
"Trial & Retribution II".
When Susan Harrow does not come home, after a night out, her mother reports her missing to the police. Her body is later discovered on waste land and a murder investigation is launched, once again headed by Det. Supt. Walker. There is later a second murder and they know that they have a serial killer on their hands.
Series 3.
"Trial & Retribution III".
A fifteen year old girl goes missing and her blood-stained clothes are found. Det. Supt. Walker heads the investigation into her murder. Meanwhile, D.I. North is sent to see a persistent complainer, Warrington, who has been hounding the station. North begins to get stalked by Warrington and Walker has a prime suspect for the murder. But then they find a connection between Warrington and Walker's prime suspect.
Series 4.
"Trial & Retribution IV".
D.I. North re-investigates an eight-year-old murder case involving 2 homosexuals and finds that Det. Supt. Walker was in charge of the inquiry. She begins to suspect that he's covering something up and he is suspended from duty. He returns to his roots to find new evidence to prove his innocence, in order to save his career, relationship and reputation.
Series 5.
"Trial & Retribution V".
Walker is assigned to investigate the discovery of a 17-year-old skeleton, which he isn't too happy about – especially as he's working with D.I. North's ex-boyfriend. They soon discover 2 more skeletons buried at the house.
Series 6.
"Trial & Retribution VI".
D.I. North investigates when a woman is snatched from a wood, but the confession of a local sex offender complicates matters. Detective Chief Superintendent Walker is little help, as he has worries of his own, after discovering his ex-wife is dating an abusive man.
Series 7.
"Trial & Retribution VII: Suspicion".
A severed female hand is found in the Thames, which brings Detective Chief Inspector Róisín Conner in contact with Chief Superintendent Walker, who is now back in uniform after being found innocent at his murder trial. No body is found, and the case soon becomes a battle of wits against the killer, who has cleverly planned for every outcome in a bid to escape justice for his crime.
Series 8.
"Trial & Retribution VIII: Blue Eiderdown".
A young prostitute, Angela Dutton, plunges to her death from the eleventh floor balcony of a block of flats. The police begin a murder enquiry and discover that she was the daughter of a seventies TV star who was also found murdered twelve years earlier, wrapped in blue eiderdown. The killer was never found. D.C.S. Walker heads the investigation into the two murders, with the help of D.C.I. Connor and the rest of the team. They investigate to find out why Angela Dutton died – did she find her mother's killer, or did one of her three high-paying clients kill her?.
Series 9.
"Trial & Retribution IX: The Lovers".
A man vanishes while on his honeymoon in London, leaving his wife Susan distraught and franticly searching for him. Her father contacts Detective Chief Superintendent Michael Walker, believing the police aren't taking the case seriously, but there's very little evidence to suggest foul play. However, a strange man is noticed on CCTV who arouses suspicions.
Series 10.
"Trial & Retribution X: Sins Of The Father".
The apparently happy Harrogate family is torn apart when they return home to discover their pad, Emily, dead. Connor and Satchell begin to sift through the case and discover that the family isn't as stable as it first appeared. Connor appeals to Walker for some backup, who is having problems of his own with his own son Richard. Secrets are soon discovered and fragile relationships are tested in the process of ensuring justice is done.
"Trial & Retribution XI: Closure".
A young school girl is raped and murdered, but D.C.I. Connor still has no leads a month into the investigation. When Walker orders a review of unsolved cases, they turn up similar cases of raped and murdered teenage girls over the last ten years, and the team find themselves searching for an apparent serial killer.
"Trial & Retribution XII: Paradise Lost".
A serial rapist is targeting the black community by raping white women with black boyfriends. When an attack ends in murder and the boyfriend is cleared, Walker brings him on to the investigation to help, but could Connor's relationship with a barrister working on the case jeopardise the investigation and the subsequent trial?.
"Trial & Retribution XIII: Curriculum Vitae".
A mother returns home from work to find her baby girl dead in her cot, and her nanny has vanished. D.C.I. Connor and the team take on this emotive case involving this ultimate abuse of trust. With the nanny on the run, it seems an obvious conclusion. But the more they investigate the case, the more complicated it becomes and they find themselves wondering who is the real victim and who can they really trust?
"Trial & Retribution XIV: Mirror Image".
The murder of a Police Commander and his wife puts Walker, Connor and the team under pressure to get a quick result. Jewellery has been stolen from the house, which would indicate a burglary gone wrong, but several relatives profit from their deaths and so they focus the investigation on the family. Connor is suspicious of the identical twin sons in particular and suspects that they may have worked together in order to get away with patricide.
Series 11.
"Trial & Retribution XV: Rules Of The Game".
A suitcase is found abandoned at Heathrow Airport, and panic ensues, but it is soon discovered to be no terrorist threat. Inside is the naked body of Sofia Petrenko, a high-class prostitute, who has been strangled to death. The suitcase is traced to Vitali Malikov, a Ukrainian billionaire who admits to hiring Sofia's services, but he claims she was alive when she left him and that the case was a gift. D.C.S. Walker arrests Malikov on suspicion of murder, but later has to release him, and soon realises he has become a pawn in a much bigger game.
"Trial & Retribution XVI: Kill The King".
A well-known paediatric surgeon, Jonathan Carlisle, is found dead, and D.C.I. Connor uncovers a conflict stirred up following a recent operation which resulted in a young girl's death. The Team soon discover the girl's father, Gary Webster, was the subject of a restraining order issued by Carlisle, and that he had been stalking him for months. Webster disappears before he can be questioned, a game of cat and mouse ensuing, and he is eventually cornered, but that leads to further complications.
"Trial & Retribution XVII: Conviction".
Terry Dyer has been recently released from prison, where he was imprisoned for a crime he still maintains he did not commit, and he returns to his East London estate in search of the truth. The father of the victim he was convicted of killing, Ken Randle, confronts and wounds him. D.C.S. Walker is empathetic to Ken's situation and releases him on bail, and then Ken soon becomes doubtful of Dyer's guilt, growing convinced that a friend of his son's was involved in his murder, and soon long-buried secrets are unearthed, leading to an unexpected twist, while D.S. Satchell finds his career may be in danger.
"Trial & Retribution XVIII: The Box".
D.C.S. Walker goes on leave back to Glasgow, where he is taking care of his increasingly senile mother, he soon becomes involved in the case of a missing woman, who is the sister of an old friend. Walker begins to delve into the life of her then husband Kevin Reid, and discovers a dark bond between him and his brother Ronnie. Soon a body is discovered and is it is proved to be the missing woman. Then Kevin's second wife is reported missing – convincing Walker that one or both of the Reid brothers are involved in the crimes.
"Trial & Retribution XIX: Tracks".
The body of a teenage girl, Maria Cole, is discovered in a chalk pit, and the tracks of three different vehicles are discovered at the crime scene. They eventually lead D.C.I. Connor and D.C.S. Walker to the local hardman, Ray Harper. His son Andy and his friend Darren admit being at the pit on the same night, though they claim that they never saw the girl there. However, cracks soon appear in their story when CCTV footage reveals that they crossed paths with Maria before her death, later leading to the two boys being charged with her.
Series 12.
"Trial & Retribution XX: Siren".
An ambulance is run off the road (killing a paramedic) and the patient being transported inside is shot in the head resulting in his murder. The victim is revealed to be Sebastian Cole, and the media interest is high as he was engaged to Imogen Buller-Turi, who was a favourite with the tabloids, prompting Walker to intrude on Connor's investigation as it becomes clear that the murder is not a simple case of road rage, which leads Connor to reluctantly accept an alliance she would rather not commit to.
"Trial & Retribution XXI: Ghost Train".
A young girl falls from a ferris wheel to her death at the local fair, which is initially thought to be nothing more than a tragic accident. But then Satchell's aunt, who is a fortune teller at the fair, approaches the team saying she believes there is more to it. The number of accidents at the fair begins to rise. Before long a second death occurs, and her suspicions seem justified, leading the team into a murder inquiry.
"Trial & Retribution XXII: Shooter".
A shop manager is shot during a jewellery raid, and an accomplice to the killers turns informer, revealing the culprits to be a notorious crime family – but then the informant is himself shot dead. DS Satchell witnesses the crime, and soon finds that his life and those of his family are in danger, but can find no safety from the influence of the crime family who wish to keep him silent. When his wife and daughter go missing, he becomes desperate, and Walker and Connor race to find the evidence to bring down the family before he takes the law into his own hands.

</doc>
<doc id="19275081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275081" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air rifle">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 10 metre air rifle

Men's 10 metre air rifle was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Artem Khadjibekov defeated Wolfram Waibel in the final to win the gold medal.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19275089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275089" title="Mount Iō">
Mount Iō

Mount Iō also Mount Iwo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19275098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275098" title="List of members of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, 2006–10">
List of members of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, 2006–10

The List of members of the House of Representatives is the list of members of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands the Lower house of the States-General of the Netherlands. The members elected in the Dutch general election of 2006. There has been a sizable number of mutations since due to the particular nature of the Dutch constitutional system. New members are supplied from their party lists so the resignation of individual members' seats does not change the balance of power in the States-General of the Netherlands. The term ended on 17 June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19275103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275103" title="Alexander Ahndoril">
Alexander Ahndoril

Alexander Ahndoril (born 20 January 1967 in Stockholm)) is a Swedish novelist and playwright. His best-selling novel, "Regissören", about the film maker Ingmar Bergman, was published in English translation as "The Director" in 2008 and in Italian translation as "Il regista" in 2011 (Cagliari: Aìsara [http://www.aisara.eu]). Ahndoril was longlisted for "The Independent" Foreign Fiction Prize 2009.
His 2009 novel, "The Hypnotist", was written together with his wife, Alexandra, using the pen name Lars Kepler. It is a crime fiction thriller - a first for them, and thus the pseudonym. A sequel, "The Nightmare", which also features the Stockholm police detective Joona Linna, was published in 2010 in Sweden and then in English in 2012. 
The books have sold more than 1.5 million copies in Sweden alone and have been translated into various languages. "The Hypnotist" has been released as a motion picture and a two further Jonna Linna thrillers have been completed, "The Fire Witness" and "The Sandman".

</doc>
<doc id="19275120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275120" title="Edward Baran">
Edward Baran

Edward Baran is a British newsreader and reporter. He worked for ITV Tyne Tees from 2007 to 2008, as a newsreader on weekend editions of "North East Tonight", sharing the role with reporters at the station. Since late 2008, he can be seen reporting for GMTV in London.
Education.
Edward Baran studied Law at Durham University, after which he gained a Postgraduate Diploma in Broadcast Journalism from London's City University.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19275122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275122" title="William Brewer (justice)">
William Brewer (justice)

William Brewer (or Briwere) (died 1226) was a prominent administrator and justice in England during the reigns of Richard I, King John, and Henry III. He was also notable as a founder of a number of religious institutions.
Life.
William Brewer's ancestry is unclear, but he was probably the son of Henry Brewer and the grandson of William Brewer, forester of Bere, who founded the nunnery of Polsloe in Exeter. William began his own career as forester of Bere, which appears to have been a hereditary title, and by 1179 had been appointed High Sheriff of Devon. Under Richard I he was one of the justiciars appointed to run the country while the king was on crusade. He was present at Worms in 1193, to aid in the negotiations for Richard's ransom. It was around this time that Brewer began his career at the Exchequer, where he was to sit until the reign of Henry III.
Under King John William was one of the most active figures in government, next to Henry Marshal and Geoffrey fitz Peter in terms of the number of royal charters he witnessed. In this period, he was appointed High Sheriff of Berkshire, Cornwall, Devon, Hampshire, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire, Oxfordshire, Somerset and High Sheriff of Dorset, Sussex and Wiltshire. He was often unpopular with the people of his counties, and the men of Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset paid money to the king for his removal.
Brewer was adept at acquiring lands, and built himself a substantial barony from relatively humble beginnings. By 1219 he was assessed for scutage on over sixty knights' fees scattered over several shires. He was able to found and endow three monasteries: Torre Abbey in Devon in 1196, Mottisfont Abbey in Hampshire in 1201, and Dunkeswell Abbey in Devon in the same year. In 1224 he retired from the world to live as a Cistercian monk at Dunkeswell, where he was buried with his wife before the high altar on his death in 1226.
Family and children.
He married Beatrice de Vaux (d. before 1220),(Latinised to "de Vallibus", "from the valleys") previously the mistress of Reginald de Dunstanville, Earl of Cornwall (d. 1175) and mother of Henry FitzCount (d. 1221), and they had several children, including:
William Brewer, Bishop of Exeter, was one of Brewer's nephews.
Popular Culture.
William Brewer was portrayed as one of King John's enforcers in the television series Robin Of Sherwood (Episode: The Time Of The Wolf, written by Richard Carpenter, 1985), played by John Harding.
William Brewer appeared as a minor character in Richard Kluger's 1992 novel The Sheriff Of Nottingham.
William Brewer is mentioned in Wilson Harp's 2013 novel The Ghost Of Sherwood as the High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire and the Royal Forests, but the acting sheriff in his name in the story is a fictional brother named Robert Brewer.

</doc>
<doc id="19275135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275135" title="Sherwood, New York">
Sherwood, New York

Sherwood is a hamlet in Cayuga County, New York, United States.
It is the location of four properties or districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

</doc>
<doc id="19275136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275136" title="1972 VFL Grand Final">
1972 VFL Grand Final

The 1972 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Richmond Football Club and Carlton Football Club at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 7 October 1972. It was the 76th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1972 VFL season. The match, attended by 112,393 spectators, was won by Carlton by a margin of 27 points, marking that club's 11th premiership victory.
Background.
At the conclusion of the regular home-and-away season, Carlton had finished first on the ladder with 18 wins, 3 losses and a draw. Richmond had finished second with 18 wins and 4 losses.
In the finals series leading up to the Grand Final, Richmond defeated Collingwood by 44 points in the Qualifying Final before meeting Carlton in the Second Semi Final. This game resulted in a draw, with both teams scoring 8.13 (61). In the Second Semi Final Replay, Richmond won comfortably by 41 points, sending them straight through to the Grand Final. Carlton then beat St Kilda by 16 points to match up with Richmond once again in the premiership decider.
Richmond went into the Grand Final as the clear favourites. Even though Carlton finished on top of the ladder, they had lost twice to Richmond during the regular season, and then were thrashed in the Second Semi Final replay. The statistics lent further weight to Richmond's favouritism; Carlton had not beaten the Tigers in a final since 1920.
As Richmond coach Tom Hafey recalled: "We were expected to kill in the grand final."
Match summary.
The 1972 Grand Final was played under dull skies but on a superb MCG surface. 
Carlton made eight positional changes to its team, the most notable was that of captain-coach John Nicholls, who put himself in the forward pocket, and gave first ruck responsibilities to Peter "Percy" Jones.
Less than two minutes into the game, Trevor Keogh opened the scoring for Carlton before goals to Barry Richardson and Neil Balme put Richmond in front. But then Carlton kicked the next four goals - two of them to Nicholls - and would never again relinquish the lead. At quarter time, Carlton led by 18 points, having kicked 8.4 (52), a record first-quarter score for a Grand Final, to 5.4 (34). Some thirteen goals had been scored, and it wouldn't end there.
As good as Carlton had played in the first quarter, they were even better in the second. Although Kevin Morris opened the scoring within 30 seconds to cut the margin to 12 points, the Blues responded by kicking four goals in four minutes. By the 23-minute mark of the quarter, the Blues had kicked eight goals to reach 100 points. At the main break, Carlton led by 45 points, 18.6 (114) to 10.9 (69). Richmond had still managed to score five goals for the quarter, but Carlton were unstoppable, kicking a record ten goals for the quarter. The only worry was on the injury front; David McKay had had his jaw broken in two places by Balme, and Vin Waite had been stretchered off with a broken ankle.
And when Syd Jackson kicked truly at the 30-minute mark of the third quarter, the Blues had broken the record for the highest score in a Grand Final with still over a quarter to play. At the last change, Carlton held a 54-point lead, 25.9 (159) to 15.15 (105).
Exactly 50 goals were kicked in the game, with the teams compiling a combined score of 50.27 (327). This was, at the time, the highest scoring game in VFL history, Grand Final or otherwise, and has been bettered only seven times since. Carlton's score of 28.9 (177) remains the highest in Grand Final history, and Richmond's 22.18 (150) remains the highest losing score in a Grand Final. Richmond's score was the tenth highest score of the season: only in 1924, 1937, 1940, 1954, 1962, 1976 and 2001 have other teams lost matches with scores among the ten highest of a season.
Carlton vice-captain Robert Walls was unanimously rated best on ground, kicking six goals and directly assisting in seven others. Ruckman Peter "Percy" Jones played arguably his finest game for Carlton, while Alex Jesaulenko kicked seven goals and John Nicholls bagged six. Richmond had eleven individual goal-kickers, with Neil Balme kicking five.
Carlton's opening term score of 8.4 (52) and second term score of 10.2 (62) set the records for the best first and second quarter scores in Grand Final history (Hawthorn would later equal the first quarter score in the 1989 VFL Grand Final).
Epilogue.
The 1972 premiership victory was John Nicholls' finest moment, cementing his place in football history as one of the great strategists. After being mocked by opponents and berated by critics following Carlton's thrashing in the Second Semi Final, Nicholls knew that the only way to beat Richmond was to outscore them. So he made some positional changes, loading the forward line with his best players, and instructed the team to play a fast, direct game that would not allow Richmond to settle. Nicholls was also aware that in the 25 games that both Richmond and Carlton had played in 1972 leading up to the Grand Final, Richmond had conceded nearly 500 more points than Carlton.
The unsuspecting Tigers fielded the same six defenders that had held Carlton to nine goals in the Second Semi Final replay two weeks earlier. Nicholls put himself in the forward pocket against Ray Boyanich and made him pay for loose play by kicking six goals, three of them in the first quarter. Afterwards Nicholls said it was the easiest physical game he had played in.
Full-back Dick Clay described the loss as "surreal", Francis Bourke as "almost eerie".
If this was Nicholls' finest moment, it was also the worst day of Richmond coach Tom Hafey's career.
Several days after the match, former footballer and journalist Percy Beames wrote in "The Age" wrote that losing the Semi Final replay was the best thing that could have happened to Carlton. He reasoned that:
"would have gone into the Grand Final under-conditioned, and would not have learned the lessons that brought the Tigers undone [... In addition, Carlton would have been lulled into the belief that its best chance of winning the premiership rested in retaining its players in the same positions they occupied throughout the season. Until then, the Blues had argued that it was because of this that they had finished on top of the ladder. No one believed this after the Richmond thrashing -- least of all Nicholls."
This was the first of two consecutive Grand Finals to be contested between these teams. In the 1973 VFL Grand Final the fortunes were reversed, with Richmond running out winners by a margin of 30 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19275141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275141" title="Thomas S. Sprague House">
Thomas S. Sprague House

The Thomas S. Sprague House was a private residence located at 80 West Palmer Avenue in Midtown Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986, but was subsequently demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="19275150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275150" title="Deborah Baker">
Deborah Baker

Deborah Baker is a biographer and essayist. She is married to the writer Amitav Ghosh and lives in Brooklyn, Calcutta, and Goa. She is the author of "A Blue Hand: The Beats in India", a biography of Allen Ginsberg which focuses on his time in India and of "Extremis: The Life of Laura Riding", a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in biography in 1994. She also writes for the Los Angeles Times. Her latest book, "The Convert: A Tale of Exile and Extremism" (2011), is a biography of Maryam Jameelah (born Margaret Marcus) a Jewish woman from New York who converted to Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="19275164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275164" title="Mitsuru Sato">
Mitsuru Sato

Olympics.
Sato competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "flyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19275165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275165" title="2008 Channel Tunnel fire">
2008 Channel Tunnel fire

The 2008 Channel Tunnel fire occurred on 11 September 2008 in the Channel Tunnel. The incident involved a France-bound Eurotunnel Shuttle train carrying heavy goods vehicles (HGVs) and their drivers.
The fire lasted for sixteen hours and reached temperatures of up to 1000 °C. Of the thirty-two people on board the train, fourteen people suffered minor injuries, including smoke inhalation and were taken to hospital. When the fire was reported, the tunnel was immediately shut to all services except emergency traffic. The undamaged south tunnel was reopened 13 September with a freight train entering the tunnel at Folkestone at 00:08 BST and a limited service provided with trains travelling in turn in alternating directions in the one tunnel. By the end of September, two thirds of the north tunnel had reopened. Full service resumed in February 2009 after repairs costing €60 million.
This fire was the third to close the tunnel since it opened in 1994, the first being the 1996 Channel Tunnel fire and, in August 2006, the tunnel was closed for several hours after fire broke out on a truck loaded onto a HGV Shuttle.
The fire.
The fire was reported on 11 September 2008, at approximately 13:57 UTC (14:57 BST / 15:57 CEST) from the French entrance to the tunnel in the North Tunnel. The blaze spread to other trucks on the train during the evening, destroying six carriages and one locomotive. The fire continued to burn overnight and was reported to have been put out by 06:00 UTC the following day, although fire crews continued to smother minor fires nearby for a further two hours. More than 300 firefighters from both sides of the English Channel helped tackle the blaze, with emergency services from East and West Sussex, London and Essex providing support.
Thirty-two people on board the train were led to safety down a separate service tunnel; fourteen people suffered minor injuries, including smoke inhalation, and were taken to hospital. The shuttle was carrying 27 vehicles.
A lorry carrying 100 kg of phenol (carbolic acid), a toxic product used in the pharmaceutical industry, was initially thought to be close to the seat of the fire; however this is discovered to be an error and only 100g was carried. Eyewitness accounts state that two loud bangs, described as explosions, were heard and then thick smoke swept through the carriage. The train came to a grinding halt, and the lights went out. Further eyewitness accounts suggest that the emergency exit was jammed, and one passenger smashed a window with a hammer in order to climb out. The temperature in the tunnel was described as "very hot".
About 650 m of tunnel was damaged by the fire, 50% more than during the fire of November 1996.
Aftermath.
Tunnel closure and reopening.
As the tunnel was closed, Operation Stack phase 3 was initiated to deal with queuing road freight, closing a coast-bound section of the M20 motorway, between junctions 8 and 9 in Kent. Private motorists with Eurotunnel tickets were given vouchers for cross channel ferries. The fire caused the recall of five Eurostar passenger trains en route at the time, affecting 2,000 passengers.
At midday on the following day, the ‘bi-national status’ of the operation was lifted making it a French incident. Eurotunnel retook control of the infrastructure and its technicians started to carry out a physical inspection to allow operations in the south tunnel to resume.
Eurotunnel initially announced that all services would be suspended until 14 September; however, after inspection found no damage to the south tunnel, empty test shuttles were trialled during the evening of 12 September. A freight train was permitted to enter the tunnel at 00:08 BST on 13 September, and limited Eurostar services resumed at 06:00 BST later that morning, with 18 services in each direction, including a return journey from London to Disneyland Paris. Some passengers arriving at St Pancras Station reported that they had smelt smoke whilst travelling through the tunnel. A limited passenger shuttle service restarted on 14 September with the 06:18 BST from Folkestone. Services were increased when the section of the north tunnel was reopened from Folkestone to the UK crossover on 22 September, and again on 29 September when the tunnel between the crossovers was brought back into service.
While the final sixth of the tunnel was being repaired, trains were limited to by the Intergovernmental Commission. Service levels were reduced so that only 90% of Eurostar services, 60% of Eurotunnel passenger vehicle shuttles and 70% of the HGV shuttles were able to run, costing Eurotunnel an estimated £185 million (€200 million) in lost revenue.
Tunnel repair.
Repair works were estimated at about €60 million. On 18 October, the investigation authority released the damaged section of tunnel back to Eurotunnel who then assessed the tunnel lining and replaced over one thousand bolts holding the concrete lining. The damaged concrete was then removed with high pressure water jets, damage to the reinforcing steel mesh repaired and a new concrete lining applied by a shotcreting process. This used about 4000 tonnes of new concrete and was completed in early January 2009. During the remainder of January, tunnel equipment was repaired and replaced as necessary, with the installation of overhead line equipment on 28 January. After test running, Eurotunnel reopened on 9 February 2009.
Eurotunnel Response.
When the train stopped in the tunnel due to a fire, the procedure was that the smoke is removed by the high powered ventilation before evacuation is allowed. However, when the train came to a halt, people saw the smoke and some panicked. The evacuation procedure is now shown in nine languages in the lorry driver's club car. Eurotunnel are also concerned that it took 75 minutes before the fire services started to tackle the blaze and that the ventilation was on during this time, fanning the fire and increasing the damage. After tests in April 2010, Eurotunnel built four "fire-fighting stations" in the tunnel. When a fire is detected on a train, it continues to the next station, passengers and crew are evacuated into the service tunnel and an automatic system puts the fire out with water mist. These were operational in autumn 2011,
and tested in January 2012.
Investigation.
The investigation was led by the French Land Transport Accident Investigation Bureau ("") and supported by the British Rail Accident Investigation Branch. The report was published on 22 November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19275169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275169" title="Elizabeth Johnston">
Elizabeth Johnston

Elizabeth Johnston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19275172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275172" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19275179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275179" title="Celia Newman">
Celia Newman

Celia Maria Newman (born October 21, 1968, in San Miguel de allende, Mexico) is an actress, sometimes credited as Cehlia Barnum. She has been in numerous feature films and appeared in the TV series "Dallas" in the 1980s.
Newman is an artist and jewelry designer since 2000.
Newman is married to Texas State Representative Jose Menendez(District 124) and has been actively involved in her husband's political career for the past 11 years. She gave birth to the couple's third child in 2007.
A relative on her father's side was actor and political satirist Will Rogers and on her mother's side showman P.T. Barnum.
Early life.
Celia Newman, began acting in theater, at the age of 5; with the San Antonio Little Theater "Saltines". As a teenager, she began a modeling career in Texas and dabbled in acting. She began to pursue a serious acting career when she was cast in the feature film "The Legend of Billie Jean". This was the same time she became a SAG member and began traveling to Los Angeles on a regular basis for auditions.
After completing the filming of "Lost Angels" directed by Hugh Hudson, Celia moved to Los Angeles and was represented by The David Shapira Agency.
Dismayed with the "Hollywood" scene, Newman returned to her home in Texas, in 1990, and followed her true passion, art.
Newman attended University of The Incarnate Word and received a degree in child psychology. While there she participated in the theater program and was directed in several student productions. These productions included "Golden Boy" as Lorna, directed by actor Ricardo Chavira. 
Newman is of Scotch-Irish, Spanish, Cherokee and Prussian Jewish descent. 
As a child, Newman was a member, of the Texas Children's Bach Choir; she studied opera for several years and was listed as a coloratura soprano. 
Newman now goes by the name Cehlia Nicole Newman-Menendez.
References.
1.^ http://www.house.state.tx.us/members/dist124/bio/menendez.htm
2.^ http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0628033/bio
3.^ http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0628033/bio
4.^ http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0628033/bio
5.^ http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0628033/bio
Family.
Spouse - Jose Menéndez(9 September 1995–present)
Children - Dominic, Victoria, Austin

</doc>
<doc id="19275203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275203" title="Lu Zhi (painter)">
Lu Zhi (painter)

Lù Zhì, formerly romanized as Lu Chih (; ca. 1496-1576), was a Chinese landscape painter, calligrapher, and poet during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Lu was born in Suzhou, Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Shuqing' and his sobriquet was 'Bao Shanzi'. Lu's painting followed the style of Wen Zhengming. Lu specialized in landscapes and bird-and-flower paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="19275224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275224" title="Summer 2007">
Summer 2007

Summer 2007 is a 2008 Indian drama film directed by the debutant Suhail Tatari. The film deals with five medical students who undergo a rude awakening of sorts after visiting a Maharashtrian village and witnessing the misfortune of villagers. The film stars Sikandar Kher, Gul Panag, Yuvika Chaudhary, Arjan Bajwa and Alekh Sangal. Ashutosh Rana and Divya Dutta play the supporting roles.
Plot.
Rahul (Sikandar Kher), Priyanka (Yuvika Chaudhary), Qateel (Arjan Bajwa), Bagani (Alekh Sangal) and Vishaka (Gul Panag) are medical college students with carefree attitudes. Rahul and Priyanka's failed relationship is shown in flashbacks. Rahul argues with an independent candidate and plans to make a political party and contest the college elections. Later he patches up with a bigger political party and gets the independent candidate arrested in fraud case of suicide attempt by his girlfriend. After that Rahul doesn't want to back off from elections. To avert this they plan to go for internship. The group goes to a village in rural Maharashtra that is struck by farmer suicide. There they work as medical interns in the village hospital. The group plans a vacation to Goa until they are awoken to the plight of the poverty-ridden villagers by the village doctor, Mukya (Ashutosh Rana). In addition to their torment, a cruel "zamindar" (Vikram Gokhale) and his son (Prosshant Narayanan) trouble the villagers with excessive interest rates.
As a solution, a reformed criminal (Sachin Khedekar) offers monetary aid to the oppressed in form of microcredit loans. This comes as an able ally to students who vow to help the villagers. However, naxalites and corrupt politicians complicate their efforts. How these socially-awakened students rise above these problems forms the rest of the story.
Production.
Suhail Tatari, had previously directed features for Doordarshan's "Surabhi", a popular programme in the 1990s. He continued his association with television by directing soap operas such as "Reporter", "Kanyadaan", "Kashmeer" and "Don". After making an award-winning documentary on breast cancer, Tatari felt the urge to venture into commercial cinema. After meeting producer Atul Pandey, who was contemplating on a story about college students, Tatari convinced him to make it more relevant to the farmer suicides.
Actress Gul Panag treated Tatari as her mentor who moulded her into an actress. Hence, she thought it was obvious that she acted in his first film. Coming from a modest beginning, Yuvika Chowdhary was happy that her stint in the television industry helped her to adjust well to films. While shooting a cameo appearance in Farah Khan's "Om Shanti Om", Yuvika was offered a role in this film. She was, however, unsure of committing to it because of the number of newcomers. However, Shahrukh Khan admonished her for the reason and cited examples from his own professional career. Chowdhary, after completing the shoot, was happy for her decision to act in this film. Being the son of veteran Bollywood character actors, Anupam Kher and Kirron Kher, Sikander Kher considered himself lucky that directors readily gave him their time if he sought an appointment. Kher, whose debut was first with "Woodstock Villa", thought that Yuvika Chaudhary was a glamorous and a fun-loving person and this helped him enjoy working with her. Being cast opposite two newcomer actress, Chowdhary and Neha Oberoi (in "Woodstock Villa"), Kher thought he cared more for the character than being cast alongside established actots. He was grateful to the director for choosing him to work in the film. Alekh Sangal, the son of veteran filmmaker Ambrish Sangal, thought that despite four other characters sharing screen space with him, he was happy with the way his character was sketched out. He was also quite happy working with Kher and Panag and felt that the movie was a good learning experience for him.
The story, which is based on the agrarian crisis of the Vidarbha region of Maharashtra, was written by Bijesh Jayarajan. While talking about the extremities in the urban and rural parts of India, Jayarajan said that the focus of his story was on how money-lenders are exploiting the helpless farmers. One of the characters, which Jayarajan created was inspired by Muhammad Yunus, the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize winner and founder of Grameen Bank, Bangladesh's biggest microcredit institution. About what he termed as success for the film, Jayarajan said:
The mainstream media in the country has made a conscious effort to shield people, especially youngsters living in metros, from the rural realities. If those watching Summer 2007 at multiplexes realise this, and wonder why they never bothered about Vidarbha, the film will have achieved its goal. 
Due to technical and logistic reasons, the film was shot in Wahi instead of the originally planned setting of Vidarbha. Throughout the shoot of 45 days, the cast was aware of the farmer suicides. Panag became emotional during their discussions during filming breaks.

</doc>
<doc id="19275226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275226" title="Takashi Kobayashi (wrestler)">
Takashi Kobayashi (wrestler)

Olympics.
Kobayashi competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "light flyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19275231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275231" title="Conquest, Saskatchewan">
Conquest, Saskatchewan

Conquest is a village in the RM of Fertile Valley No. 285, Saskatchewan, Canada. The population was 176 at the 2011 Census. The village is the seat of the municipality. Conquest was the setting for the 1998 film "Conquest"
Demographics.
In 2011 Conquest had a population of 176 living in 85 dwellings, a 5% increase from 2006. The village had a land area of .
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="19275238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275238" title="Seven Utes Mountain">
Seven Utes Mountain

Seven Utes Mountain, elevation , is a summit in the Never Summer Mountains of northern Colorado. The mountain is located in Jackson County in the Colorado State Forest, west-northwest of Mount Richthofen.

</doc>
<doc id="19275259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275259" title="Geoffrey FitzClarence, 3rd Earl of Munster">
Geoffrey FitzClarence, 3rd Earl of Munster

Geoffrey George Gordon FitzClarence, 3rd Earl of Munster, DSO (18 July 1859 – 2 February 1902), was a British peer, and the great-grandson of King William IV by his mistress Dorothea Jordan.
Family.
Born Geoffrey George Gordon FitzClarence, he was the son of William FitzClarence, 2nd Earl of Munster (19 May 1824 – 30 April 1901) and Wilhelmina Kennedy-Erskine (27 June 1830 – 9 October 1906). His parents were first cousins, thus making Geoffrey a great-grandson of William IV twice over. His grandfather on his paternal side was Lord George Augustus FitzClarence and his grandmother on his maternal side was Lady Augusta FitzClarence, who were brother and sister.
Geoffrey was the third son of nine children. His elder brothers, Edward and Lionel, both died before reaching their majority. Edward died at the age of 14, Lionel as a young child.
Military.
Geoffrey was commissioned into the British Army as a Captain with the King's Royal Rifle Corps, 2nd Battalion. He took part in the Second Anglo-Afghan War in 1879 at the age of 19, and the First Boer War in 1881. He was commissioned as a Major with the Royal Scots Lothian Regiment, 3rd Battalion and saw action in the Second Boer War from 1899-1902. He received the Distinguished Service Order (DSO). It was during this last engagement that he received notice of his father's death and his succession to the Munster title.
He never returned to England to take his place, dying in South Africa just nine months after succeeding his father, at the age of 42. Given that he never married and had no children, the title passed to his brother Aubrey.

</doc>
<doc id="19275267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275267" title="List of crude oil products">
List of crude oil products

In the international petroleum industry, crude oil products are traded on various oil bourses based on established chemical profiles, delivery locations, and financial terms. The chemical profiles, or crude oil assays, specify important properties such as the oil's API gravity. The delivery locations are usually sea ports close to the oil fields from which the crude was obtained (and new fields are constantly being explored), and the pricing is usually quoted based on F.O.B. ("free on board", without consideration of final delivery costs).
Benchmarks.
The three most quoted oil products are North America's West Texas Intermediate crude (WTI), North Sea Brent Crude, and the UAE Dubai Crude, and their pricing is used as a barometer for the entire petroleum industry, although, in total, there are 46 key oil exporting countries. Brent Crude is typically priced at about $2 over the WTI Spot price, which is typically priced $5 to $6 above the EIA's Imported Refiner Acquisition Cost (IRAC) and OPEC Basket prices. WTI and Brent are quoted F.O.B specific locations, not F.O.B. the oilfields. For WTI, the delivery point is Cushing, OK; for Brent, it is Sullom Voe, an island north of Scotland.
Although crude oil assays evaluate various chemical properties of the oil, the two most important properties determining a crude's value are its density (measured as API specific gravity) and its sulphur content (measured per mass). Crude oil is considered "heavy" if it has long hydrocarbon chains, or "light" if it has short hydrocarbon chains: an API gravity of 34 or higher is "light", between 31-33 is "medium", and 30 or below is "heavy".
Crude is considered "sweet" if it is low in sulphur content (< 0.5%/weight), or "sour" if high (> 1.0%/weight). Generally, the higher the API gravity (the "lighter" it is), the more valuable the crude.

</doc>
<doc id="19275300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275300" title="Sam Sexton">
Sam Sexton

Sam Sexton (born 18 July 1984) is a British heavyweight boxer based in Norwich, Norfolk, England. He was the winner of the second Prizefighter tournament held in Newcastle and is the former holder of the British Commonwealth and BBBofC Southern Area heavyweight titles.
Boxing career.
Early professional career.
Sexton started his professional career in September 2005, in his home town of Norwich when he defeated Paul Bonson over six rounds at Carrow Road. He ended up compiling a record of 7-0 before he was defeated by former ABA champion Dercek Chisora at the York Hall. The referee stopped the fight with 26 seconds to go in the last round. A distraught Sexton said after the fight "Maybe the occasion got to me. I really don't know. I'll go back watch the fight probably have a week off. I'll be back straight. I just didn't feel myself, but I'm not one to make excuses. I boxed, I lost, that's just the way it is".
Prizefighter win.
On 12 September 2008, Sexton competed in the "Prizefighter" competition in Newcastle upon Tyne. He defeated Pelé Reid in the quarter-final and Luke Simpkin in the semi-final, both by unanimous decision. Sexton then defeated Chris Burton in the final, the only boxer with an unbeaten professional record, the fight was stopped 2:10 into the third and final round. Talking of his pride at winning the tournament and picking up the £25,000 top prize, Sexton said "Winning this is by far my top moment in boxing. I’ve represented England and that was fantastic boxing for my country but this is something completely different...I don’t think I’m far off a British title shot now and I will see what I get offered. Hopefully I will be boxing for the British title as soon as possible."
Following the tournament Sexton returned to the ring in November in order to challenge for his first professional title belt, the Southern Area Championship. In the opposing corner, Colin Kenna was stopped in the 6th round to give Sexton his first professional belt.
Commonwealth title.
Sexton fought Martin Rogan for his first defence of the Commonwealth heavyweight title, at the Odyssey, Belfast on 15 May 2009. Sexton defeated Rogan, handing him his first professional loss, after the doctor ruled that Rogan was unfit to continue in the 8th round due to a closed eye.
On 6 November at the same venue, he stopped Rogan in a rematch to retain his title. Rogan's corner threw in the towel before the start of the 7th round, handing Sexton the win. Rogan cited a neck injury preventing him using his left arm when interviewed afterwards, as the reason for being pulled out by his corner. On 13 February 2010, Sexton was due to fight Danny Williams for the British title at Wembley Arena but had to pull out with a hand injury. The fight was rearranged for May but Sexton pulled out after his mother suffered a brain aneurysm and was replaced by Dereck Chisora. Sexton fought for the British title on the 18 September, matched up against the only man to beat him, Dereck Chisora.

</doc>
<doc id="19275304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275304" title="Badki">
Badki

Badki is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3434 persons living in 633 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19275308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275308" title="Chunapur">
Chunapur

Chunapur is a very old village situated 3 km west to Purnia town in the state of Bihar, India. This village is situated on the bank of 'Kari Koshi' a tributary of River Koshi.
The village is best known for the Roys who were one of the biggest Zamindars of Bihar.
The village is very rich insofar as education is concerned. There are more than 15 doctors, 20 - 25 engineers, many administrative officers, many lawyers. Prominent amongst the successful professionals are Dr. Mohan Roy, a renowned cardio-vascular surgeon in USA, Dr. V.C.Roy, an eminent orthopedic surgeon of India, Rajeeva Roy, a prominent advocate practicing in Patna High Court (Bihar) and Supreme Court of India, besides many teachers, professors, politicians.
The village came into limelight when the government of India constructed a huge aerodrome for strategic purposes known as Chunapur Aerodrom. The newer generation of the family have also made foot print in the field of Economics and Finance of late. The younger brother of Late Sri Baidyanath Roy, late Sri Deo Nath Roy was veteran freedom fighter and a former MLA. His daughter H'ble Justice Smt. Mridula Mishra is a sitting judge of Patna High Court. Dr.Daman Roy is his eldest son who is an eminent and well known Surgeon. His second son is a Mechanical Engineer and Private Surveyor. His youngest son Advocate Gyanand Roy is well known and respectable lawyer practicing at Patna High Court.

</doc>
<doc id="19275320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275320" title="Birat">
Birat

Birat is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2770 persons living in 484 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="19275326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275326" title="Buvramadichaur">
Buvramadichaur

Buvramadichaur is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1139 persons living in 172 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19275335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275335" title="Chandan Nath">
Chandan Nath

Chandan Nath is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5842 persons living in 1000 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19275350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275350" title="Chhumchaur">
Chhumchaur

Chhumchaur is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1409 persons living in 226 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19275357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275357" title="Peter Burwell Starke">
Peter Burwell Starke

Peter Burwell Starke (1815 – July 13, 1888) was a Mississippi politician and sheriff, and a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was active in several important campaigns and battles in the Western Theater, including the Vicksburg, Atlanta, and Franklin-Nashville campaigns. He commanded a brigade of veteran cavalry in many of these operations.
Early life and career.
Starke was born in Brunswick County, Virginia. His older brother William Edwin Starke also became a general in the Confederate army. Prior to the Civil War, the brothers worked in the family's stagecoach business that operated between Lawrenceville and Petersburg, Virginia. In early 1840, Peter Starke moved to the South, settling in Bolivar County, Mississippi, where he became active in local politics.
In 1846, while his brother was in the United States Army during the Mexican War, Starke run for a seat in the United States Congress as a member of the Whig Party to replace Jefferson Davis (who had resigned to lead a Mississippi regiment). However, Starke was defeated in the general election by Democrat Henry T. Ellett. Four years later, he was elected to the Mississippi House of Representatives. In 1856, he was elected to the Mississippi State Senate.
Civil War.
Starke remained active in state politics after Mississippi passed its ordinance of secession, and was a commissioner to Virginia to help encourage the leaders of that state to join Mississippi in seceding from the Union. He helped recruit and equip a company of cavalry in mid-1861 while still a state senator. In late February 1862, he received a commission as the colonel of the 28th Mississippi Cavalry, a new regiment raised in Bolivar County that mustered into service in May.
He took an active role in military operations in central and northern Mississippi, leading his men on a series of scouting missions and raids. He was assigned to the cavalry division of Brig. Gen. William H. Jackson as the commander of the 1st Brigade (still with the rank of colonel) and served in the Vicksburg Campaign. Five companies of Starke's regiment reinforced Brig. Gen. Martin L. Smith at Vicksburg, Mississippi, and were posted to watch the flanks along the Yazoo River. During the campaign, Union troops burned Starke's mansion along Lake Bolivar. From December until February, he was in temporary command of the brigade.
In February 1864, Colonel Starke served under Stephen D. Lee in the forces that opposed Union Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman's advance on Meridian, Mississippi, and he fought in the ensuing Battle of Meridian. Later that year, Starke returned to his role as the commander of the 28th Mississippi Cavalry during the Atlanta Campaign, serving under Frank C. Armstrong, and saw action in several small cavalry engagements throughout the summer. He was promoted to brigadier general on November 4, 1864, and assigned command of a cavalry brigade in the forces of Maj. Gen. Nathan B. Forrest. He was involved in the Franklin-Nashville Campaign.
When Forrest reorganized his command structure, Starke was initially without a field command, although he maintained his rank as a brigadier general. He spent the last few months of the war serving in Brig. Gen. James R. Chalmers' division in Alabama.
Postbellum career.
When the war ended later in 1865, Starke returned to Bolivar County, Mississippi. He subsequently held several public appointments. He served on the board of Mississippi levee commissioners and was the sheriff of Bolivar County for a term. In 1872, he retired to his farm near Lawrenceville, Virginia.
P. B. Starke died on his farm on July 13, 1888, from what was described as "debility." He was buried in a previously unmarked grave near Lawrenceville in the Percival Family Cemetery on what formerly had been the farm of his second wife's family.

</doc>
<doc id="19275365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275365" title="Depalgaun">
Depalgaun

Depalgaun is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1697 persons living in 304 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19275368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275368" title="Mariana Gurkova">
Mariana Gurkova

Mariana Dimitrova Gurkova-Franco is a Bulgarian pianist, born in Sofia. Gurkova, who nowadays is a naturalised Spanish citizen, settled in Madrid in 1988. A former head professor at Badajoz's Conservatory, she is a teacher at Madrid's Real Conservatorio Superior.

</doc>
<doc id="19275381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275381" title="Rakita, Greece">
Rakita, Greece

Rakita () is a location in the municipal unit Leontio, Achaea, Greece. It is part of the community of Ano Mazaraki. It is located at an altitude of about 1,100 m in a plateau near mount Barbas and it is surrounded by fir forests and mountain views. In recent years and because of the improved road access it has seen an increase in the number of tourists. 
During recent excavations in the region of Rakita an ancient temple of geometric period sacred to the Goddess Artemis was discovered. Also in the settlement lies the historic old church of Agia Paraskevi (built in 1700) where the Greek rebels under Theodoros Kolokotronis attended the divine liturgy just before the crucial victorious battle in Kafkaria against the Turkish general Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt. (26 August 1827).

</doc>
<doc id="19275397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275397" title="Alfred de Marigny">
Alfred de Marigny

Alfred de Marigny (March 29, 1910 – January 1, 1998) was a French Mauritian acquitted of the murder of his father-in-law, Sir Harry Oakes.
Biography.
Marie Alfred Fouquereaux de Marigny, whose real name was Alfred Fouquereaux, "de Marigny" being his mother's name, was born on March 29, 1910 in Mauritius to a well-off French family. He died on January 1, 1998. He let people address him as Count, but it is clear that he was not part of a noble family (Fouquereaux). De Marigny assumed the French title of Count from his mother's side of the family.
Sir Harry Oakes murder case.
De Marigny married Sir Harry Oakes's daughter, Nancy, the day after her 18th birthday. It was de Marigny's third marriage; both of the first two were also to wealthy women, who broke off those relationships soon after marriage. 
When Sir Harry was murdered on July 7, 1943, de Marigny was the main suspect and was arrested shortly after. At his trial, detectives which the Duke of Windsor, then Governor of the Bahamas, had brought in from Miami claimed to have found de Marigny's fingerprint near the bed of Sir Harry Oakes. The defense argued that the fingerprint had been lifted and placed in the bedroom. Nancy Oakes supported her husband throughout the trial and testified on his behalf. There is a theory that Sir Harry was murdered because he was going to reveal the existence of a scheme involving the Duke of Windsor and Nazi German money being laundered through Mexico. Implicated in this treasonous venture, as well in as the murder, are Harold Christie and his brother Frank. It is typical of the good burghers of Nassau, the very same people whom de Marigny despised, that any scandal involving "one of their own" is swept under the carpet.
The jury acquitted de Marigny of the murder charge but gave a recommendation that he was an "undesirable alien" and should be removed from the island. The deportation recommendation is rumored to have been influenced by his unpopularity among the ruling class on the island. (The Duke of Windsor had described de Marigny as "an unscrupulous adventurer an evil reputation for immoral conduct with young girls".) Following his deportation, the de Marignys settled in Cuba before separating in 1955.
Marriage and children.
De Marigny was married four times:
His fourth marriage was the only one to produce children (3 sons).
Later life.
De Marigny went to Canada toward the end of World War II and enlisted in the Canadian Army in July 1945. He lived in Quebec for three years before being deported. He spent various amounts of time in the United States, Jamaica, Haiti and the US again before finally moving to Central America.
He died in Houston, Texas, He was survived by his wife, Mary; sons Morgan and John; grandchildren William, Alexandra, Elizabeth, George, Charlotte, and Mary Catherine. He was preceded in death by his son, Philip deMarigny.

</doc>
<doc id="19275414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275414" title="The Promise (Girls Aloud song)">
The Promise (Girls Aloud song)

"The Promise" is an award-winning single by English-Irish girl group Girls Aloud, taken from their fifth studio album "Out of Control" (2008). The song was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins and his production team Xenomania. Influenced by Phil Spector and music of the 1960s, "The Promise" is an upbeat love song that was written to announce Girls Aloud as "a supergroup." Upon its release in October 2008, the single became Girls Aloud's fourth number one on the UK Singles Chart, continuing their six-year streak of top ten hits, and first number one song since 2004's "I'll Stand by You".
The music video is set at a drive-in movie theatre, where Girls Aloud watch themselves performing as a 1960s girl group on screen. "The Promise" was promoted through numerous live appearances, including a high-profile performance on "The X Factor", and served as the opening number of 2009's Out of Control Tour. The song was praised and appreciated by most contemporary music critics, who lauded the song despite it being unusual for Girls Aloud. "The Promise" was awarded Best British Single at the 2009 BRIT Awards, the group's first win at the ceremony.
Background and composition.
"The Promise" is an homage to 1960s music, particularly Phil Spector's famous Wall of Sound technique. It has been described as "a 1960s-influenced pop gem given a contemporary Girls Aloud twist". Peter Robinson, however, noted that the song "also hinted at a mellower side of 1970s New York disco, as if it were some sort of long soundtrack from a deleted scene in "Saturday Night Fever"." The song is written in A major with a time signature in common time and a tempo of 88 beats per minute. The vocal range spans from G♯3 to C5. The chord progression varies throughout the song, but chord include E, Am, C, A, Dm, and D. "The Promise" is through-composed, the chorus serving as the song's only repeated section. A key change takes place before the song's final chorus. The album version of "The Promise" is around fifteen seconds longer, opting for a repeat and fade.
The backing track for the song was composed by two Australian musicians, Jason Resch and Kieran Jones, who would later play the song for Brian Higgins. Higgins and Miranda Cooper, afraid they'd "ruin the moment", waited weeks to write the song's lyrics; they eventually wrote the song in seven minutes. Higgins said, "We knew that was the piece of music Girls Aloud needed to announce them as a supergroup in this country, so we knew we couldn't drop the ball melodically or lyrically." He elaborated, "Girls Aloud's records were more driving and pumping and innovative then than they are now because that's not what's required [...] "The Promise" was the sound of a big group, a group about to be huge. They needed the theme tune to the biggest girl group on the planet". As soon as Girls Aloud heard the song, they decided it should be the first single from "Out of Control". The day before the song was due to be delivered to Fascination Records, the entire backing track was ditched and replayed.
Release.
Described by the band's website as a "stormer of a track", "The Promise" premièred on Switch on BBC Radio 1 on 14 September 2008. During promotion, Girls Aloud announced dates for 2009's Out of Control Tour.
The song was released as a physical CD single in Ireland on 15 October 2008, followed by a digital release in Ireland and the United Kingdom on 19 October. The physical CD was released in the UK a day afterwards. It was originally scheduled for release on 27 October 2008, but the release was inexplicably brought forward a week. The CD single featured a brand new b-side entitled "She", while an exclusive remix of "The Promise" by Jason Nevins was available as an iTunes exclusive. "The Promise" was also remixed by Dave Audé. A limited edition picture disc was made available exclusively through Girls Aloud's official website, featuring a live performance of "Girl Overboard" as the b-side. The song was digitally released in Germany on 16 January 2009 and physically on 27 March.
"The Promise" is the opening track on "Now 71" and appears on the Brit Awards 2009 nominees album. The Flip & Fill remix appears on "Clubland 14". The song was released Digitally in New Zealand and also was released in Australia, unusual for an Independent label from Fascination Records, the sub label from Polydor.
Reception.
Critical response.
"The Promise" received mostly positive reviews from music critics. Although it was said to be "not what you'd necessarily expect from the gorgeous girl group," the song was praised for "its fantastic melody". The song was described as "more interesting than the average retro-pop nugget." Digital Spy referred to the single as "a cute, wistful pop song" with "some nice Spectorish touches in the production and a lovely, classic-sounding melody" that "grows more persuasive with every listen." It was praised for its "heavenly harmonies and a chorus that glides in and scoops you up in its arms." Rebecca Nicholson of "The Guardian" felt the song was "disappointing" because "Girls Aloud's producers have always been capable of making exciting and innovative pop music". However, Caroline Sullivan of the same publication thought the song was an album highlight - "nothing hits the spot like the Phil Spector-like single The Promise, one of this year's better chart-toppers." John Murphy of musicOMH.com argued that although "it may lack the innovation and attitude of some of their previous work, but if you're looking for sparkling, fresh and sheer bloody fun pop music, then there's nobody better right now than Girls Aloud."
"The Promise" received criticism for "too many cooks spoiling the broth. The production is so overegged and the vocals so treacly [...] you'll get a sugar rush, but you won't feel good about yourself afterwards." It was also criticised for being "a shameless attempt at trying to cash in on the Duffy and Winehouse favoured 60's femme pop." On the other hand, Slant Magazine said that while it "suggests the girls have [...] shallowly jumped aboard the retro-soul bandwagon led by Duffy and Amy Winehouse, [...] the song's go-for-broke, very modern re-imagining of Spector's "Wall of Sound" proves to be more authentic and entertaining than most other recent attempts". It has also received comparisons to Girls Aloud's previous single, "Can't Speak French". It has also claimed, by Terry Wogan, that the tune features the melody from the theme song of his 1980s British TV quiz show "Blankety Blank".
"The Promise" was honoured as Best British Single at the 2009 BRIT Awards, Girls Aloud's first win at the ceremony. It was also awarded the Popjustice £20 Music Prize.
Chart performance.
"The Promise" entered the UK Singles Chart at number one, knocking off Pink's "So What" from the top. Early midweek figures suggested that the song was outselling "So What" by nearly two to one. "The Promise" is Girls Aloud's first original number one single since their debut "Sound of the Underground" (although the charity singles "I'll Stand by You" and "Walk This Way" both peaked at number one). "The Promise" sold 77,110 copies in its first week, making it Girls Aloud's second best first week, beaten only by "Sound of the Underground" back in 2002. The single became the fastest selling single of 2008 until "Hero" - a charity single by the finalists on "The X Factor" - sold in excess of 100,000 copies two days after release, and 313,244 copies overall. Cheryl Cole, who is also on "The X Factor", joked, "I don't mind being knocked off number one - for this cause only!" On 28 December 2008, the UK Singles Chart listed "The Promise" as the number 17 best-selling single in their year-end countdown. It was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry in January 2009. PRS for Music named "The Promise" the sixth most played song of 2009 in the UK, using data taken from number of plays and performances online, live, and on TV and radio.
Additionally, the song entered the Irish Singles Chart at number four, their first time in the top four since 2004's "I'll Stand by You". In its second week on the Irish Chart, "The Promise" had risen two places to number two only being kept off by The X Factor Finalists who were at number one.
Music video.
Filming for "The Promise" music video was on 15 September 2008. The video premièred on AOL's website on 25 September 2008. The music video was filmed by Trudy Bellinger for Merge @ Crossroads Films, and produced by Golden Square. They had just over three days to produce an open air drive-in movie theatre using Flame and studio footage of five cars. Girls Aloud also reportedly auditioned the male actors/musicians in the music video, one of whom was guitarist Rene Woollard.
In the music video, Girls Aloud are at a 1950s and 1960s drive-in movie theatre. Cheryl Cole has a loose beehive hairstyle, while Nicola Roberts has a bouffant style and Sarah Harding channels the famous 1960s model Twiggy. The drive-in is actually playing a black-and-white film of Girls Aloud performing "The Promise" in shimmering sequined dresses which are extremely similar to dresses The Supremes wore in 1966 for a televised appearance at The Hollywood Palace. They are performing with a band and imitating girl groups such as The Supremes. Meanwhile, at the drive-in, other male customers flirt with Girls Aloud. Sarah Harding gets out of the car and walks in front of the screen to sing her "Here I am... walking primrose..." verse, while the other girls laugh and Kimberley Walsh sounds her horn at Harding. Girls Aloud occasionally sing along with their lines as well. The music video features flickering and flashes to emulate films of the time.
Live performances.
Girls Aloud first performed "The Promise" on BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge on 25 September, as well as a cover of Timbaland and OneRepublic's "Apologize", although Sarah Harding had originally wanted to perform "Sex on Fire" by Kings of Leon. Nadine Coyle was not present, as she was ill with shingles.
The first televised performance occurred on 18 October 2008, on "The X Factor", on which Cheryl Cole served as a member of the judging panel at the time. The group wore their hair in big bouffant style with sparkling gold dresses, similar to those in the music video. Positioned in front of a lit-up frame, they sang live and performed simple, synchronized choreography. As the song's key change occurred, pyrotechnics exploded from the ceiling and a shower of sparks fell behind Girls Aloud. At the song's end, a second explosion of pyrotechnics occurred at the front of the stage. The group also performed the song on "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross", "GMTV", "T4", and "This Morning" throughout promotion. Girls Aloud performed the song at the annual "Children in Need" telethon, as well as year-end shows like Top of the Pops' Christmas and New Year's Eve specials and 4Music's Top Tunes of 2008.
For their variety show "The Girls Aloud Party", which aired between "The X Factor"'s finale and its results show on 13 December, Girls Aloud wore tight silver fishtail dresses. The outfits were compared to those of Diana Ross in the 1960s, as well as the movie musical "Dreamgirls". At the 2009 BRIT Awards, Girls Aloud performed in sleeveless sequined leotards. Accompanied by male dancers in white suits, the group performed a routine involving pink feather fans, giving the illusion of nudity until they emerged from behind the fans. The performance was nominated for Most Memorable Performance the following year at the 2010 BRIT Awards.
"The Promise" served as the opening song for Girls Aloud's 2009 Out of Control Tour. Girls Aloud "first appeared rising up through the floor on podiums in a haze of silver sparkle" for the opening, in which they are "wearing long, spangly dresses which they whipped off to reveal short mini skirts." The dresses, described as "angelic, shimmering, full-length gowns," were designed by Welsh fashion designer Julien MacDonald, along with the rest of the costumes. A dance-beat reprise of the song ended the show.
Girls Aloud performed "The Promise" at the 2012 Royal Variety Performance in London in November 2012 to celebrate their tenth anniversary and promote their greatest hits album "Ten". It was televised on 3 December 2012 to over 8 million viewers. It was also performed at Capital FM's Jingle Bell Ball as part of a headlining set.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "The Promise".

</doc>
<doc id="19275415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275415" title="Leeds to Morecambe Line">
Leeds to Morecambe Line

The Leeds to Morecambe Line is a railway line running between Leeds, Skipton, Lancaster and Morecambe in northern England. The service is operated by Northern Rail. The route covered by the service was historically part of the Midland Railway. The line is electrified at 25 kV AC overhead between Leeds City and Skipton, a section known as the Airedale Line.
The route and its history.
Airedale Line (Leeds - Skipton).
The first section, between Leeds City and was opened by the Leeds and Bradford Railway on 1 July 1846, and extended to Skipton by the Leeds and Bradford Extension Railway.
Skipton - Settle.
The line from here, known as the "Little" North Western Railway, opened as far as Clapham on 30 July 1849 and through to on 1 June 1850. Here were junctions for the following lines:
The main line continues: 
Settle Junction - Lancaster.
The original main line to Lancaster had the following stations:
Trains now continue via Carnforth, with stations at:
The line today.
The line has only existed in its current form since January 1966 - prior to this the Leeds to Morecambe service used the 'Little ' North Western Railway route via Lancaster, with the Furness & Midland Joint line to Carnforth served mainly by through carriages detached from/attached to main line trains at Wennington (although a small number of local trains operated between there and Carnforth only).
The Beeching Report of 1963 deemed this service pattern unsatisfactory and proposed that services be 'modified', with the original route from Wennington to Lancaster and Morecambe eventually being closed in favour of the F&MJ line on 3 January 1966. From that date all trains ran Carnforth, the WCML, Hest Bank North Junction and the former LNWR Morecambe Branch Line to reach their destination. This routing had one major drawback in that travellers could no longer reach Lancaster directly, instead having to change at Carnforth onto Furness Line services - a situation that would remain unchanged until the early 1980s. The service was by now operated by DMUs as an extension of the Leeds to Skipton commuter route, with a train every two hours for most of the day (the BR timetable of 1975 had seven trains per day running in each direction on weekdays and three or four on Sundays depending on the time of year). The line was also used by several freight trains each day, including train loads of ammonia from Teesside to the ICI plant at Heysham and bitumen from Stanlow to a distribution plant at Skipton. Steam-hauled charter specials also appeared on the line from time to time from the mid-seventies onwards, running to and from the Steamtown museum at Carnforth.
From 1982 however the line's timetable was modified, with several services speeded up (by omitting the intermediate station calls north of Skipton) and diverted to run via Lancaster to provide connections into and out of WCML trains to and from Carlisle & Glasgow. This was due to the controversial decision to reroute Nottingham - Glasgow trains away from the Settle-Carlisle Line as part of BR's ongoing plan to close it. Had these plans come to fruition, the route would also have been used by a twice-daily replacement Leeds - Carlisle service via the WCML which would have reversed in the loops immediately south of Carnforth station (details were provided in the 'Heads of Information' document issued by BR to all objectors to the 1983 closure proposals). This new timetable restored the direct link between Lancaster and Leeds for the first time in more than fifteen years and also brought upgraded rolling stock to the route in the shape of Class 123 and Class 124 DMUs formerly used on Hull - Manchester Trans-Pennine services. The benefits though were mainly overlooked due to the circumstances in which they were introduced (most rail users considered the new services to be poor substitutes for the direct Leeds to Glasgow trains they replaced) and also the increase in journey times to and from Morecambe caused by the Lancaster re-routing (and subsequent curtailment there when locomotive-hauled stock took over for a short time in the mid-eighties).
Freight services on the route ended in 1986 following the closure of the Heysham chemical plant and the loss of the Stanlow - Skipton bitumen traffic to road, leaving the Leeds to Lancaster/Morecambe passenger service as the only user of the route (apart from occasional steam excursions and empty coaching stock transfers) - a situation that remains unchanged to the present day. The timetable has also undergone further alterations in recent years, including the ending of the semi-fast trains and the routing of all services via Lancaster in May 1987. The biggest change though came in 1990-91, when a DMU shortage led to BR summarily cutting the service frequency almost in half (from seven trains each way per day to just four, of which only one ran beyond Lancaster). This prompted the formation of the Lancaster & Skipton Rail Users Group later the same year to help promote the route and campaign for service improvements. An extra weekday train in each direction was subsequently added in May 1995 (bringing the total to five) and through running to Morecambe restored, but despite the efforts of the user group and the various local authorities along the line (who set up a Community Rail Partnership for the route in 2006 ), the current service frequency remains less than ideal with large gaps (of up to four hours) between trains. 
Most services on the line are now operated by Class 150 DMUs, although Class 142 & Class 144 "Pacer" units (the regular booked traction for many years) and Class 153 railcars appear regularly. Class 158 units also make occasional appearances on the route.
The future.
A recent report by Modern Railways claimed that a solid hourly service would operate on the line as far as Long Preston, but would serve Carlisle and Lancaster alternately. It may also become a freight artery to improve capacity on the West Coast Main Line. Network Rail's own latest plans involve new signalling (there are currently no intermediate signals anywhere between Settle Junction and Carnforth, the block section of more than 24 miles being the longest in the country and a consequent constraint on capacity) and other improvements for the sections of the line beyond Skipton. Carlisle services will be increased to a basic two hour pattern with extra services to 'fill in the gaps' at peak times during the day to give a 1 train per hour frequency. Lancaster services will also be made more frequent, however it has been suggested they will be terminated at Skipton in future, rather than continuing through to Leeds as at present. This suggestion drew criticism from various bodies during the RUS consultation period however and is unlikely to be proceeded with.
Another development is the extension of the current mid-morning Leeds to Morecambe train (and corresponding return service in the afternoon) to Heysham Harbour from the December 2008 timetable change. This reinstates the direct service between Leeds/Skipton and beyond and Heysham that last ran more than 30 years ago. The Sunday service on the line has also been enhanced at the start of the new May 2011 timetable, with the 2 trains that used to run only during the summer months extended to operate right through until the end of the timetable period in December (see Northern Rail timetable 7 for full details).

</doc>
<doc id="19275420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275420" title="Juno Healthcare Staffing">
Juno Healthcare Staffing

JUNO Healthcare Staffing[http://www.junohealthcare.com] is a placement service for local and foreign healthcare professionals on a full time, travel and per diem assignments to client facilities across the United States. It was founded in 2001 by Dante Raul "DR" Teodoro in response to the nursing shortage and rising need for healthcare professionals in the healthcare industry. Composed of only three employees in 2001, JUNO has grown into one of the biggest Filipino-owned healthcare staffing agencies in the US. Headquartered in New York, JUNO Healthcare has affiliate offices in different US States and abroad.
JUNO Healthcare Group of Companies is composed of JUNO-New York, JUNO-New Jersey, JUNO-Connecticut, JUNO-Los Angeles (CA), JUNO-San Diego (CA), JUNO-Arizona, and JUNO-Philippines. 
JUNO Investment Management Inc. is the parent company of all JUNO Group of Companies inclusive of JUNO Media Production Creatives, Juno Review and Foundation for God's Glory.
JUNO Healthcare is ranked as one of the Hot 100 List of fastest-growing new businesses in America as featured by Entrepreneur Magazine in 2008. Certified by the Joint Commission, JUNO Healthcare Registry in Los Angeles, California. 
Recruitment & Deployment.
Healthcare Professionals
JUNO recruits healthcare professionals like: 
Healthcare Employers
JUNO deploys healthcare professionals to:

</doc>
<doc id="19275432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275432" title="University of Castilla–La Mancha">
University of Castilla–La Mancha

The University of Castile–La Mancha (UCLM) is a Spanish university. It offers courses in the cities of Albacete, Ciudad Real, Cuenca, Toledo, Almadén, Talavera de la Reina and Puertollano. This university was recognised by law on 39 June 1982, and began to operate three years later.
Overview.
The current University of Castilla-La Mancha is not the key educational institution in the region. Centuries ago, the University of Sigüenza, until the late 15th century, and the Pontifical and Royal University College of Santa Catalina of Toledo, originating precisely at the end of that same century, were already offering educational activities in the region.
Campuses and faculties.
The campuses operate on a decentralised basis, although the main governing body is located in Ciudad Real, which coordinates the other centres. University courses are taught at all four locations. The Albacete campus houses Faculties of Medicine, Economic and Business Sciences, Law and Humanities. The Schools of Agronomical Engineering, Computer Science Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Nursing, Teacher Training and Employment Relations are also based there. Ciudad Real is home to the Faculties of Chemical Sciences, Law and Social Sciences, Arts, the Higher Technical Schools of Civil Engineering, Information Technology, Industrial Engineering; a Technical Institute of Agriculture; the Polytechnic University School of Almadén; a University School of Nursing; a University School of Teacher Training; and the Puertollano Centre for University Studies.
Cuenca has the Faculty of Social Sciences, the Faculty of Fine Art, the Faculty of Educational Science and Humanities, the Polytechnic University School of Technical Architecture; the Polytechnic University School of IT in Telecommunications; the University School of Nursing; the University School of Teacher Training, and the University School of Social Work. Finally, Toledo houses the Faculty of Legal and Social Sciences, a Faculty of Environmental Science; a Faculty of Sports Science; a Humanities Faculty; a University School of Nursing and Physiotherapy; a University School of Industrial Technical Engineering; a University School of Teacher Training, and the CEU centre at Talavera de la Reina.

</doc>
<doc id="19275473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275473" title="Pleural friction rub">
Pleural friction rub

A pleural friction rub, or simply pleural rub, is a medical sign, audible by listening to the internal sounds of the body, usually using a stethoscope on the lungs, that is used in the diagnosis of pleurisy and other conditions affecting the chest cavity.
Pleural friction rubs are the squeaking or grating sounds of the pleural linings rubbing together and can be described as the sound made by treading on fresh snow. They occur where the pleural layers are inflamed and have lost their lubrication. Pleural rubs are common in pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, and pleurisy (pleuritis). Because these sounds occur whenever the patient's chest wall moves, they appear on inspiration and expiration.

</doc>
<doc id="19275491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275491" title="Yuji Takada (wrestler)">
Yuji Takada (wrestler)

Olympics.
Takada competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "light flyweight" class. He received a bronze medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
World championships.
Takada won gold medals at the FILA Wrestling World Championships in 1974, 1975, 1977 and 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19275517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275517" title="Salerno Costa d'Amalfi Airport">
Salerno Costa d'Amalfi Airport

The Salerno Costa d'Amalfi Airport , located in the municipality of Pontecagnano Faiano and close to Bellizzi, is an airport in southern Italy, near to Salerno, the Amalfi Coast and the Cilento area. It is commonly known also as Salerno-Pontecagnano Airport. 
History.
The airport was founded in 1926 by Aeronautica Militare, Italy's military air force. A flight training facility was established between 1933 and 1943. The first hangar was designed by the famous architect Pier Luigi Nervi. In 1946 a meteorological service was established, and in 1952, the Salerno Air Club was founded. The airport has hosted the Carabinieri helipad since 1975, and the Firefighter helipad and a parachuting school since 1984. A new control tower was built in 1987. The airport was exclusively used by the Carabinieri, Firefighters, flight and parachuting school and small private jets until 2007.The airport was then developed to accommodate civil traffic on a large scale, with four check-in desks, two boarding areas, luggage belts and waiting rooms. The runway has a VOR system, a radio direction finder VDF and a lighting system. The runway was extended for a total length of 1 654 m, with a extensions to 2 020 m planned. In 2011 was presented the project for the extension of the runway up to 2020 m (more than 60 m of anti blast) and for the creation of new buildings and other technical adjustments.
Airlines and destinations.
Scheduled flights started in 2008 with the company VolaSalerno, which worked from August 2, 2008 to December 18, 2008, followed by Air Dolomiti from July 27, 2009 to May 7, 2010, Alitalia from December 1, 2010 to March 23, 2012, Skybridge AirOps, Air Dolomiti and Danube Wings from June, 2012 to October, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19275542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275542" title="Dhapa, Nepal">
Dhapa, Nepal

Dhapa is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3080 persons living in 588 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19275551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275551" title="Dillichaur">
Dillichaur

Dillichaur is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2696 persons living in 434 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19275557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275557" title="Garjyangkot">
Garjyangkot

Garjyangkot is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2854 persons living in 492 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19275560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275560" title="Pilsgate">
Pilsgate

Pilsgate is a hamlet in Barnack Civil parish, Cambridgeshire England. The hamlet is close to the county boundary and south-east of Stamford, Lincolnshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19275565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275565" title="Nutritional Health Alliance">
Nutritional Health Alliance

The Nutritional Health Alliance is an industry lobby group which lobbies United States law makers to pass industry friendly health legislation.
The Nutritional Health Alliance was formed in 1992 by the supplement industry "to mount a forceful campaign to evade studies of their products." Gerald Kessler, president of Nature's Plus, was the first head. Flyers were sent to health food stores with such titles as "The FDA wants to put you out of Business" and "Don't Let the FDA Take Your Vitamins Away" 
The Nutritional Health Alliance is best known for its involvement in the "Nutritional Health Alliance vs. Shalala" case. In this case Nutritional Health Alliance argued to the second circuit that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) mandating health claims on dietary supplements violated manufacturer's First Amendment rights.

</doc>
<doc id="19275571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275571" title="Ghode Mahadev">
Ghode Mahadev

Ghode Mahadev is a village development committee in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2058.

</doc>
<doc id="19275574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275574" title="List of PGA Championship champions">
List of PGA Championship champions

The PGA Championship is an annual golf competition held in mid-August. It was established in 1916 and is one of the four major championships played each year which include the Masters, the U.S. Open, and the Open Championship (British Open). In addition, this championship is conducted by the Professional Golfers Association (PGA). Due to World War I and II, the competition was not held from 1917 to 1918 and in 1943, respectively.
The reigning champion of the competition is automatically invited to play in the other three majors for the next five years, and is exempt from qualifying for the PGA Championship for life. The champion also receives membership on the PGA Tour for the following five years and invitations to The Players Championship for five years. The prize of the tournament is the Wanamaker Trophy, which the champion keeps until the following year's competition. The PGA Championship was originally a match play event; however, in 1958 it was changed to a stroke play event.
Walter Hagen (match play) and Jack Nicklaus (stroke play) hold the record for the most victories; both men have won the competition five times. Hagen holds the record for most consecutive wins in match play with four (1924–27), and Tiger Woods holds the record for most consecutive wins in stroke play with two, which he did twice (1999–2000, 2006–07). Julius Boros is the oldest winner of the PGA Championship; he was 48 years, 142 days old when he won in 1968. The youngest winner of the PGA Championship is Gene Sarazen, who was 20 years, 174 days old when he won in 1922. David Toms holds the record for the lowest score over 72 holes, which is 265. Tiger Woods holds the distinction of being the most strokes under par for 72 holes, being 18 strokes under par (-18) when he won in 2000 and 2006. The PGA Championship has had three wire-to-wire champions: Bobby Nichols in 1964, Raymond Floyd in 1982, and Hal Sutton in 1983. Two others have led wire-to-wire if ties after a round are counted: Floyd in 1969 and Woods in 2000.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="19275593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275593" title="L'oiseau bleu">
L'oiseau bleu

"L'oiseau bleu" ("The Blue Bird") is an opera in four acts (eight tableaux) by the French composer and conductor Albert Wolff. The libretto by Maurice Maeterlinck is based on his 1908 play of the same name. 
Performance history.
It was first performed at the Metropolitan Opera House, New York on 27 December 1919.
Maeterlinck, the playwright and Nobel laureate, was present at the premiere, which, in the immediate aftermath of World War I, was a benefit for four charities: the Queen of the Belgians Fund, the Millerand Fund for French Orphans, the Three Big Sister Organizations (Catholic, Protestant, Jewish), and the Milk for the Children of America Fund. 
The first Belgian performance was on 21 April 1920, and it was revived at the Théâtre de la Monnaie on 14 February 1956, conducted by the composer. 
Synopsis.
Tyltyl and Mytyl are the children of a poor wood-chopper. At Christmas there is no tree or Christmas stocking for them. When the parents believe them safely tucked up in bed, the children creep out and watch through the window the preparations being made for the holiday in a wealthy neighbour’s home across the way.
While they are absorbed in this, Fairy Berylune enters. She is a witch who demands from the children that they bring her the grass that sings, and the bird that is blue so that her own little child who is sick may be restored to health and happiness. Upon agreeing to find the bird, the fairy crowns Tyltyl with a magic cap set with a wonderful diamond, which has power to disclose the past and future, and to turn inanimate objects and animals into speaking creatures. Everything around the children begins to take life and voice: milk, sugar, light, bread, the fire, cat and dog.
Suddenly the window opens and the children set off on their quest. They go first to the Land of Memory, then the Palace of the Night, Garden of Happiness, the Cemetery and then the Kingdom of the Future, but cannot capture the blue bird. They return home to bed.
When morning comes, a neighbour who looks like the Fairy enters to beg for a blue bird so that her sick child may be cured by the sight of it. Looking around, the children are amazed to see that their own turtle dove has turned blue. They gladly offer it for the sick child, and with the gift the invalid’s spirits return. When Tyltyl asks for its return and the child shows reluctance to give it back, the blue bird escapes from both and flies off.

</doc>
<doc id="19275608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275608" title="Ikupasuy">
Ikupasuy

Ikupasuy are carved prayer sticks used by the Ainu people.

</doc>
<doc id="19275620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275620" title="Danilo Clementino">
Danilo Clementino

Emmanuel Danilo Clementino Silva (born 5 March 1982), also known as Danilo, is a Brazilian-born naturalized Equatoguinean football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Alecrim.
Biography.
Danilo was born in Caruaru, a city located in the eastern of the Brazilian state of Pernambuco.
Football career.
Danilo started his career in the Sport Recife's low divisions. In 2004, was loaned to Campinense and won the Campeonato Paraibano. Danilo had received an offer to play in the Spanish club Numancia, but he wasn't signed because this team already had three foreign players. He also has been linked to play in the Chinese football.
International career.
Danilo is naturalized Equatoguinean since 2006, when Antônio Dumas (Brazilian coach who naturalized Brazilian footballers for Togo and Equatorial Guinea) was the coach of the Equatorial Guinea national football team. Since that time, Danilo has been consolidated in the goal of his new home. His better moment with the Nzalang Nacional (Equatorial Guinea national team's nickname) was against Cameroon in the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations qualification, on 9 September 2007.
He played in unofficial matches vs. the Region of Murcia and Extremadura in 2007 and against Brittany in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19275640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275640" title="Pantovčak">
Pantovčak

Pantovčak () is a neighborhood in Zagreb, Croatia. Its formal location is the Gornji Grad - Medveščak city district. The Pantovčak street runs from the Britanski trg (British Square) near Ilica towards Medvednica, ending at "Šestinski vijenac" (Šestine roundabout). The neighbourhood is officially referred to as "Dr. Stjepan Radić" and it has a population of 5,796.
Pantovčak is best known as the location of the Croatian Presidential Palace and the adjacent park, located at Pantovčak 241.

</doc>
<doc id="19275641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275641" title="Booth and the Bad Angel">
Booth and the Bad Angel

Booth and the Bad Angel was a music project based around the collaborative efforts of Tim Booth (lead singer with the British alternative rock band, James) and the American film composer, Angelo Badalamenti. Featuring Bernard Butler on guitar, the project's eponymous album was released in July 1996.
Biography.
The collaboration between Booth and Badalamenti was initialized in 1992, when Booth made an appearance on the UK Channel 4 TV show "Friday Night At The Dome", which aimed to actualize collaborations between contemporary musicians and their heroes. Booth expressed his desire to work with Badalamenti, and the show's producers put the two in touch. At the time Booth was busy recording and touring with James, so could not find the time to meet with Badalamenti, but the two kept in touch via transatlantic phone calls for over two years before finally meeting. In 1995 Booth announced he would be taking a break from James to work on an album with Badalamenti. Booth contacted Butler, recently departed from Suede to provide guitar work for the album, which was recorded through late 1995 to early 1996. The album was finally released in July 1996 and promoted by the single, "I Believe" which made number 25 in the UK Singles Chart.
Several live performances followed, and following completion of the live dates Butler invited Booth to form a new band with him, but Booth declined, having promised the other members of James that he would return to them following his break. Upon return to the UK, Booth and the Bad Angel featured on "Later... with Jools Holland". In addition to Booth and Badalamenti, James were the backing band for this performance.
While Booth and the Bad Angel was to remain a pure one-off project, a further single from the album, "Fall In Love With Me" was released in 1998 (UK number 57) when it was used on the soundtrack to the film, "Martha Meet Frank, Daniel and Laurence". This track was later reworked by Booth on his 2004 solo album "Bone".

</doc>
<doc id="19275643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275643" title="Cunningham House">
Cunningham House

Cunningham House can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19275661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275661" title="King Shag (album)">
King Shag (album)

King Shag is the seventeenth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2008.
Release notes.
"Twelve rough and tumble tracks from DC electronica artist Arthur Loves Plastic."
Album title.
The album is named after the King Shag, a rare cormorant unique to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19275684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275684" title="Alcheringa (journal)">
Alcheringa (journal)

Alcheringa: An Australasian Journal of Palaeontology is the official journal of the Association of Australasian Palaeontologists. The journal is international in scope and publishes articles on all aspects of palaeontology and its ramifications into the earth and biological sciences, including: taxonomy, biostratigraphy, micropalaeontology, vertebrate palaeontology, palaeobotany, palynology, palaeobiology, palaeoanatomy, palaeoecology, biostratinomy, biogeography, chronobiology, biogeochemistry and palichnology. The journal was established in 1975 and is currently published as four issues per year. Alcheringa is derived from the Arrernte language of the Arrernte aboriginal people of the Alice Springs area of central Australia. Alcheringa (also spelt "altjeringa") is the popularized English version of an Arunta expression that means 'in the beginning' or 'from all eternity'. "Alcheringa" is also the name given to a 2.7-2.8 billion year old stromatolite from the Pilbara region of Western Australia, and symbolizes the antiquity of life and its record in sedimentary rocks. An image of the stromatolite is illustrated on the cover of the journal.

</doc>
<doc id="19275701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275701" title="Diaphragm pacing">
Diaphragm pacing

Introduction.
Diaphragm Pacing, also known as phrenic nerve pacing, is the rhythmic application of electrical impulses to the diaphragm, resulting in respiration for patients who would otherwise be dependent on a mechanical ventilator.
This concept was originally referred to as electrophrenic respiration, although the Food and Drug Administration identifies the device as a “diaphragmatic/phrenic nerve stimulator”. A phrenic nerve pacemaker, with electrodes placed around the phrenic nerve, is a Class III medical device, which requires premarket approval. An newer approach has been developed and approved by the FDA (see “diaphragmatic pacemaker”) at Case Western Reserve University which places the electrode in the diaphragm using minimally invasive surgical technique.
Indications for Use.
According to Medicare, phrenic nerve stimulators are indicated for “selected patients with partial or complete respiratory insufficiency” and “can only be effective if the patient has an intact phrenic nerve and diaphragm.” ("Medicare National Coverage Determinations Manual", Chapter 1, Part 2, Section 160.19) Common patient diagnoses for phrenic nerve pacing include patients with spinal cord injury, central sleep apnea (ie, Ondine's curse), and diaphragm paralysis.
Surgery.
The surgery is performed by placing an electrode around the phrenic nerve, either in the neck (ie, cervically), or in the chest (ie, thoracically). This electrode is connected to a radiofrequency receiver which is implanted just under the skin. An external transmitter sends radio signals to the device by an antenna which is worn over the receiver.
For the cervical surgical technique, the phrenic nerve is approached via a small (~5 cm) incision slightly above, and midline to, the clavic. The phrenic nerve is then isolated under the scalenus anticus muscle.
For the thoracic surgical technique, a small (~5 cm) incisions over the 2nd or 3rd intercostal space. The electrodes are placed around the phrenic nerves alongside the pericardium. Use of a thorascope allows for this technique to be performed in a minimally-invasive manner.
Patients are usually hospitalized for 1-3 days post-operatively, although some implantations can be performed on an outpatient basis.
Availability.
There are currently three commercially distributed diaphragmatic / phrenic nerve stimulators made by Synapse Biomedical, Inc. (USA), Avery Biomedical Devices, Inc. (USA), and Atrotech OY (Finland). The Synapse (NeuRx DPS(TM)) and Avery (“Mark IV Breathing Pacemaker”) devices are distributed worldwide. The Atrotech device (“Atrostim Jukka”) is not available in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19275710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275710" title="Violet, Texas">
Violet, Texas

Violet is a small unincorporated community with a population of around 40 in Nueces County, Texas, United States. It lies along State Highway 44, between the cities of Corpus Christi and Robstown. It is home to the Regional Headquarters of the Society of Our Lady of the Most Holy Trinity.
History.
In the early 1900s, German immigrant farmers moved to the region where cattle was raised, and began to grow crops. In December of 1906 Erwin Cushman and Louis Petrus jointly acquired a 1030-acre plot in the area then known as Land Siding. Petrus soon bought out Cushman, and in early 1908, he appointed John W. Hoelscher to sell the land in exchange for a commission of fifty cents (now approximately $12) per acre. Hoelscher decided to promote the area specifically to German-American Catholic farmers. He advertised in several Texas German newspapers and secured the endorsement of Reverend Peter Verdauger, the apostolic vicar of Brownsville (the precursor to the Diocese of Corpus Christi). 
In 1910, the population had increased to the point where a new school had to be built. Louis Petrus and Charles Hoelscher donated land for the school to Reverend Verdauger, and Charles Hoelscher donated money for the project. The school was opened in December 1910 with Geraldine Dunn as the first teacher. The school also served as a church until a church building could be built, and on December 26, 1910, the Reverend Ferdinand Joseph Goebbels presided over the first Mass there. In 1911 an acre of land was set aside for a cemetery, and in 1912 a rectory was built. The next year, the rectory was converted to a school, and the old school was then used exclusively for a church.
In 1913 the community was renamed from Land Siding to Violet, after the wife of storekeeper John Fister, and a post office was built, which remained in operation until 1947. In 1918 a new school was built to accommodate a growing number of kids, and the next year, the church, named St. Anthony's, was renovated and expanded. In 1952, a new church was built, and the old church was moved to nearby Clarkwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19275718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275718" title="List of UK Indie Chart number-one singles of 2001">
List of UK Indie Chart number-one singles of 2001

These are "The Official UK Charts Company" UK Official Indie Chart number one hits of 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="19275721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275721" title="Niobia Bryant">
Niobia Bryant

Niobia Bryant (born November 24 in Newark, New Jersey) is an African-American novelist of both romance and mainstream fiction. She also writes Urban fiction as Meesha Mink and Young Adult fiction as Simone Bryant.
Biography.
Niobia Bryant was born and raised in the Central Ward of Newark, New Jersey to Letha and Ernest. She has one brother, Caleb. Bryant reveals her mother's struggles to raise them alone while her father fought a drug addiction. She credits her mother for introducing her to books at an early age.
Bryant was educated in the Newark Public Schools system and graduated from University High School, eventually earning a Bachelor of Science in Nursing and a Bachelor of Arts in Social and Behavioral Science with an accompanying Psychology minor from Seton Hall University in South Orange, New Jersey
Bryant reportedly finished her first book, an African-American romance she entitled "Down Home Girl" in 1999 and submitted it to several publishers. After offers from two publishing houses, she accepted the deal with BET Book/Arabesque. The title was changed to "Admission of Love" and her debut was released August 2000 to rave reviews. Her second book from BET Books, "Three Times a Lady" (2001), became her first national bestseller. In 2003 "Three Times a Lady" was selected by the Books for the Blind (Talking Books) program to be transcribed into an audio recording supplied free of charge to people who are blind or visually impaired.
In 2007, her first mainstream "Live and Learn" was published by Kensington Publishing. In her mainstream books the subject matter steered away from the happily ever after of romance and took on more complex and darker themes like adultery, drug addiction, and domestic violence. Since "Live and Learn" Bryant has written several mainstream novels that have showcased her diverse writing ability.
In 2008, Bryant teamed up with a fellow romance author to write the urban fiction Hoodwives series for Simon & Schuster/Touchstone. Writing as Meesha Mink and De'Nesha Diamond, their first collaboration, "Desperate Hoodwives", was released in January 2008, followed by "Shameless Hoodwives" in August 2008, and the highly anticipated "The Hood Life" in January 2009. The books have been featured in many national publications and has received critical praise for the writers' skill at storytelling and character development. The "New York Post" listed "Desperate Hoodwives" as Required Reading and "Essence" magazine listed "Shameless Hoodwives" as one of their "Top Ten Summer Sizzlers" in 2008. Book 2 of the Real Wifeys trilogy, "Real Wifeys: Get Money", was published January 10, 2012. Book 3, "Real Wifey: Hustle Hard" was published January 1, 2013.
The Hoodwives websites credits Bryant with saying: 
"The stories about inner cities need to be as diverse as the people who live in these environments. Growing up on 16th Ave in Newark all my life, I knew in a one block radius you could either have: a single mother or a married couple raising their family; dope dealers or people working forty hours a week; a homeowner or someone renting a low income apartment. For me, urban fiction isn’t about glorifying the negatives in the ‘hood, but simply telling the real stories that do exist. As a writer and a reader I can always respect the gift of storytelling of ALL stories.”
On her website Bryant calls herself "A chameleon of the written word". In 2010, with the addition of her YA series for Harlequin Enterprises/Kimani Press Tru line, written for the pre-teen through teen readers, Bryant now had the distinct honor of writing simultaneously in four different genres for three powerhouse publishers: Simon & Schuster (urban fiction), Kensington Publishing (romance and commercial mainstream fiction), and Harlequin Enterprises (Young Adult fiction).
Bryant felt the addition of Young Adult fiction was necessary because her under-aged family members were anxious to read one of her books. Feeling her romance, mainstream, and urban fiction were too mature for them, she created the Pace Academy series centered around the Pacesetters clique and a fictional private school for celebkids. The first book in the series, FABULOUS, was released February 2010, and book two FAMOUS was released January 2011. The third book in the series, GLAMOROUS, currently does not have a release date.
Since her 2000 debut, Bryant's books have consistently received top reviews; hit bestseller lists; been released as audiobook, book club and large print editions; and garnered award nominations/wins. Two of her books, “Real Wifeys: On The Grind” and “Mistress No More”, simultaneously made the list of Black Expressions’ Best Books of 2011. Her books have appeared in many national publications including "Essence Magazine", "The New York Post", "Upscale", "Smooth Magazine", "Juicy Magazine", "The Library Journal", "Black Hair Magazine UK", and "Parle Magazine".
Currently Bryant writes full time and lives in South Carolina.
Bibliography.
Writing as Niobia Bryant (Romance-Mass Market Paperbacks)
Writing as Niobia Bryant (Mainstream-Trade Sized Paperback)
Writing as Niobia Simone (Erotica)
Writing as Meesha Mink (Urban Fiction)
Writing as Simone Bryant (Young Adult/YA fiction)

</doc>
<doc id="19275730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275730" title="Zachary Karabell">
Zachary Karabell

Zachary Karabell is an American author, historian, money manager and economist. 
Karabell is President of River Twice Research, where he analyzes economic and political trends. He is also a Senior Advisor for Business for Social Responsibility. Previously, he was Executive Vice President, Head of Marketing and Chief Economist at Fred Alger Management, a New York-based investment firm, and President of Fred Alger and Company, as well as Portfolio Manager of the China-US Growth Fund, which won both a Lipper Award for top performance and a 5-star designation from Morningstar. He was also Executive Vice President of Alger's Spectra Funds, a no-load family of mutual funds that launched the $30 million Spectra Green Fund, which was based on the idea that profit and sustainability are linked. At Alger, he oversaw the creation, launch and marketing of several funds, led corporate strategy for acquisitions, and represented the firm at public forums and in the media.
Educated at Columbia, Oxford, and Harvard, where he received his Ph.D., he is the author of several books, including the recently published "Superfusion: How China and America Became One Economy and Why the World's Prosperity Depends on It" (Simon & Schuster, 2009) and previous books such as A Visionary Nation: Four Centuries of American Dreams and What Lies Ahead, The Last Campaign: How Harry Truman Won the 1948 Election (which won the Chicago Tribune Heartland Prize for best non-fiction book of the year), and Peace Be Upon You: The Story of Muslim, Christian and Jewish Coexistence (Knopf, 2007), which examined the forgotten legacy of peace among the three faiths. 
In 2003, the World Economic Forum designated Zachary a "Global Leader for Tomorrow." He sits on the board of the World Policy Institute and the New America Foundation, and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. He is a regular commentator on national news programs, such as CNBC, CNN, and a contributor to such publications as The Wall Street Journal, The Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, Newsweek and Foreign Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19275749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275749" title="FKBPL">
FKBPL

FK506-binding protein like, also known as FKBPL, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "FKBPL" gene.
Function.
FKBPL has similarity to the immunophilin protein family, which play a role in immunoregulation and basic cellular processes involving protein folding and trafficking. The encoded protein is thought to have a potential role in the induced radioresistance. Also it appears to have some involvement in the control of the cell cycle.
FKBPL is involved in cellular response to stress. It was first isolated in 1999 and was initially named DIR1. It was later reclassified because of its homology to the FKBP family of proteins and was renamed FKBP-like (FKBPL). A separate study that found it to be involved in the stabilisation of newly synthesised p21 termed it Wisp39.
It is known to interact with Hsp90, glucocorticoid receptor and dynamitin and may play a role in signalling, like other FKBPs.
FKBPL has also been shown to influence estrogen receptor signalling and can have a determinant effect on response to the breast cancer drug tamoxifen.

</doc>
<doc id="19275827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275827" title="Allen Danziger">
Allen Danziger

Allen Danziger (born July 23, 1942) is an American actor, perhaps best known for his role as Jerry in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" (1974).
Danziger was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He graduated from City College of New York with a Bachelor of Science in Psychology in 1964, and in 1970, he graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a degree in Drama. In 1969, he made his movie debut in "Eggshells". Five years later, he played Jerry in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", his second and last role.
Danziger has owned "Three Ring Service," an entertainment company, since 1978. They provide entertainment for corporate events and parties. He recently participated in a documentary on "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", for the movie's DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="19275845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275845" title="WRCI">
WRCI

WRCI is a radio station owned by Impact Radio and licensed to Three Rivers, Michigan. It airs Dial Global's Classic Country format under the moniker River Country 97.1.
WRCI was known as WLKM-AM until September 18, 2008. WRCI programming is simulcast on a translator (W246BW) at 97.1 FM in Three Rivers, hence the station's moniker of "River Country 97.1." Prior to the current Classic Hit Country, WLKM-AM operated at 1510 on the AM dial as a Music of Your Life station.

</doc>
<doc id="19275862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275862" title="Puddefjord Bridge">
Puddefjord Bridge

The Puddefjord Bridge () is an arch bridge in Bergen, Norway. It consists of two directly adjacent, near-identical bridges, the first of which was built in 1956 and the second in 1999. The bridge carries six lanes of motor vehicles and two cycle/footpaths across the Puddefjorden in central Bergen, between Møhlenpris in the city centre and Gyldenpris in Årstad borough. Although it does not have official motorway status, it is an important part of the city's motorway network, linking the westbound motorway, Sotraveien, to European route E39.
The bridge was important in the development of the Fyllingsdalen valley, which was annexed by Bergen in 1955. It also served as a more convenient road to the city centre for the residents of Laksevåg, who prior to its construction had to drive through Danmarksplass or take the ferry across the Puddefjord.
As of 2012, the bridge carried a daily average traffic of 56,098 vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="19275868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275868" title="1993 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
1993 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

Marc-Kevin Goellner and David Prinosil were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Henrik Holm and Anders Järryd won in the final 6–4, 7–6, against David Adams and Andrei Olhovskiy.

</doc>
<doc id="19275884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275884" title="Otiluke">
Otiluke

In the "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting for the "Dungeons & Dragons" roleplaying game, Otiluke was an archmage. He was slain by Rary in Harvester 584 CY, at the close of the Greyhawk Wars.
Publication history.
Otiluke is one of the famous mages of the Greyhawk setting whose spells were included in the 1988 "Greyhawk Adventures" hardbound.
Description.
Otiluke stood just over 5 feet tall, had short black hair, a thin beard, and brown eyes. He was well-dressed, but appeared rather puny. Small and weak, he's one of the few humans who could wear a magical item called "gauntlets of kobold power" and have it actually benefit him tremendously. It was probably intended as one of those cursed items you can't take off, but Otiluke loved his.
Otiluke was not a wise man, either. With a wisdom of 8 he was, of all the Circle, the least endowed with common sense. Mentally, he was brilliant, the match for Tenser and Bigby in sheer intellectual prowess, but some of his ideas were a few tankards short of a keg.
Relationships.
Otiluke was a member of the Circle of Eight, president of Greyhawk City's Society of Magi, and a member of that city's Directing Oligarchy. Imiric von Suss-Varren, a gnomish count of the Principality of Ulek, once served Otiluke as a henchman. He also lived with a young woman named Glorial, who served him as an apprentice and concubine from 580 CY until his death in 584.
History.
Otiluke was born in early Patchwall of 542 CY. Some time around mid-573, he purchased a home in the City of Greyhawk, a townhouse in the Foreign Quarter on Summoner Court. In 576, he joined the Circle of Eight.
Spells.
Otiluke is responsible for developing such commonly known spells as:
Otiluke bases a number of his creations on spheres/orbs/bubbles or screens mixed with elemental forces.
Otiluke has also developed the following additional spells:
Abominations.
Otiluke was responsible for the creation of a monster called a "howler wasp." Unnatural abominations, the product of magical meddling in genetics, these quickly-reproducing monsters are crossbreeds of giant wasps and carnivorous monkeys. Otiluke made them to defend his home against a cabal of slaadi, but he was of course unable to control them and they escaped into the wild.
Writings.
Otiluke is known to have authored the following works:

</doc>
<doc id="19275903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275903" title="Ellett">
Ellett

Ellett is the surname of the following people:
Ellet, an alternative spelling, is the surname of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19275925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275925" title="Edward Grimston">
Edward Grimston

The Honourable Edward Harbottle Grimston (born 2 April 1812 at Mayfair, London; died 4 May 1881 at Pebmarsh, Essex) was an English amateur cricketer and a Conservative Party politician who held a seat in the House of Commons from 1835 to 1841.
Career.
Cricket.
Grimston was mainly associated with Oxford University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC). He made 30 known appearances in first-class matches from 1832 to 1849.
He was a right-handed batsman (RHB) and an underarm medium pace bowler.
Politics.
Grimston was elected at the 1835 general election as one of the two Members of Parliament (MPs) for the borough of St Albans in Hertfordshire. He was re-elected in 1837, but resigned his seat in 1841 by the procedural device of appointment as Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds.
Family.
Grimston was the second son of James Grimston, 1st Earl of Verulam. Three of his brothers James, Robert and Francis all played first-class cricket, as did his son Walter and his nephew Lord Hyde.

</doc>
<doc id="19275936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275936" title="Ángel Sanzo">
Ángel Sanzo

Ángel Damián Sanzo Herrera (born in Antequera, 1973) is a Spanish pianist. He teaches at Badajoz's Conservatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19275937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275937" title="Glis">
Glis

Glis is an electronic-based music project founded in 2001 by Shaun Frandsen of Seattle, WA (USA). The band has experienced several lineup changes and guest appearances, with frontman Shaun Frandsen acting as the primary producer, vocalist, songwriter, and instrumentalist. Notable guest, Jean-Luc De Meyer of Front 242, contributed vocals on two studio tracks for the album "Nemesis" in 2005. Glis began to use guitars as a production counterpoint on the album "Phoenix" in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19275943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275943" title="Second Sight (TV series)">
Second Sight (TV series)

Second Sight was a British television crime drama written by Paula Milne that aired on BBC One from 2000 to 2001.
Premise.
"Second Sight" is the story of Detective Chief Inspector Ross Tanner (Clive Owen), a maverick cop who finds out he has a rare disease and is going blind.

</doc>
<doc id="19275950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275950" title="One Nevada Credit Union">
One Nevada Credit Union

One Nevada Credit Union headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada, is the largest locally-based federally insured, state-charted credit union in Nevada with locations in Las Vegas, Henderson, Reno, North Las Vegas and Pahrump. It operates several Credit Union Service Organizations (CUSOs) including: One Nevada Realty Services, LLC; One Nevada Insurance Services, LLC; One Nevada Investment Group and others.
As of February 27, 2014, One Nevada had 16 branch locations, 400 surcharge free ATMs in Nevada alone and 55,000 nationwide as part of the Allpoint Network, 74,611 members, and $707 million in total assets. It is classified as a well-capitalized credit union by the National Credit Union Administration and its deposits are insured for up to $250,000 through the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund. One Nevada remains one of the strongest credit unions or banks in the state with more than 10.28% in capital reserves.
One Nevada has a community charter, meaning membership is available to anyone who lives, works (or regularly conducts business in), worships, attends school, or volunteers in Clark County, Washoe County, Nye County, along with members of the immediate family or household of an existing member or those eligible for membership.
In 2014, One Nevada Credit Union was listed on the Las Vegas Review Journal's Top Workplaces ranking No. 2 among mid-size companies.
In 2013, One Nevada Credit Union was listed on the Las Vegas Review Journal's Top Workplaces ranking No. 3 among mid-size companies. Also in 2013, the credit union was also named one of the best places to work by the Southern Nevada Human Resources Association, placing #1 in the small business category.
In 2011, One Nevada Credit Union was listed on Training Magazine's "Training Top 125" for the third straight year, ranking No. 108.
In 2009, One Nevada was chosen as a Best Place to Work by the Society for Human Resource Management ranking No. 21 among medium-size companies with 251 to 999 employees.
One Nevada was also chosen as 2009, 2011 and 2013 AARP Best Employers for Workers Over 50.
History.
One Nevada has its beginnings in two separate credit unions that merged many years later. The Vegas Air Base Federal Credit Union was started on February 10, 1950, when nine civilian employees pooled $5 each to begin their credit union. The credit union changed its name to Nellis Federal Credit Union in 1958.
Meanwhile, at Las Vegas City Hall, seven City employees began the Las Vegas City Employees Federal Credit Union on February 14, 1951. For the next 30 years or so, both credit unions served the employees of their respective employers and their families. Both credit unions grew and expanded their services.
On August 31, 1983, the Nellis Southern Nevada Federal Credit Union and the Las Vegas Federal Credit Union merged and adopted the name Nevada Federal Credit Union.
During the 1980s, several smaller credit unions joined with Nevada Federal. Those smaller credit unions include the Showboat Credit Union, the Commercial Center Credit Union, the Nevada Air Guard Credit Union, the Washoe State Employees Federal Credit Union, the North Las Vegas City Employees Federal Credit Union, the Vegas Village Credit Union, the Tropicana Employees Federal Credit Union and others.
In August 2011, the members of Nevada Federal Credit Union approved the conversion from a federal charter to a Nevada state-charter. The credit union changed its name to One Nevada Credit Union shortly thereafter.
Products and services.
In addition to traditional banking products and services such as share savings, share certificates, share drafts (checking), mortgage loans, auto loans, and credit cards, the credit union offers various non-traditional products. These include second chance (New Start) checking, first-time home buyer program and Essential Checking accounts for member-households who earn less than $35,000 annually or have recently had a job loss. As of March 2010, the credit union had also launched a suite of prepaid debit card products.
One Nevada Credit Union is consistently among the largest mortgage lenders in Clark County, Nevada. The credit union recently participated in Nevada's Hardest Hit Fund and the HARP 2.0 mortgage assistance programs.
Not-for-profit structure.
One Nevada, like many U.S. credit unions, is locally controlled by a volunteer Board of Directors who represent the members interests. Unlike a traditional bank owned by public stockholders, a member election for the Board of Directors is held once a year. Any member in good standing can petition to run for the Board of Directors. Board volunteers are not paid for their time or service. The Board also appoints a volunteer Supervisory Committee. The Credit Union's income, aside from operating expenses and funding capitalization, are returned to the members in the form of lower loan rates, expanded services and normally, higher dividends on deposit accounts. Therefore, the credit union, like all others in the U.S., maintains a federal tax-exempt status because of the cooperative, not-for-profit organizational structure.

</doc>
<doc id="19275959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275959" title="Ken Catran">
Ken Catran

Ken Catran (born 16 May 1944) is a children's novelist and television screenwriter from New Zealand.
Catran is the author of many teen novels, including "Taken at the Flood", "Voyage with Jason", "Doomfire on Venus", "Space Wolf", "Jacko Moran:Sniper", "Talking to Blue" and its sequels "Blue Murder" and "Blue Blood". He is perhaps best known for his "Deepwater trilogy" series and his contribution to the television drama "Shortland Street". However, Catran became frustrated with a lack of recognition within the industry (in particular, he penned the famous line, "You're not in Guatemala now, Dr. Ropata," but has never received payment for the numerous times it has been used in publicity), and quit television altogether. Although he did not start writing until his thirties, he has become a prolific and varied writer within the New Zealand literary community.
Ken's television credits include soap operas ("Radio Waves", "Close to Home") as well as stand-out episodes in the TV drama "Mortimer's Patch" including two episodes that were the most watched TV programme in New Zealand in their respective weeks: a feat that is unlikely to be repeated.
He also penned "Under the Mountain", an 8-episode treatment of the Maurice Gee novel, and in 1981/1982 researched and wrote the critically well-received "Hanlon - a biographical law drama". The opening episode treating sympathetically the Minnie Dean case received outstanding reviews.
He resides in Waimate, a township in South Canterbury, New Zealand.
Awards.
In 1986, Catran won the Drama Script category in the Listener Television Awards (also called the GOFTA Awards) for the first episode of "Hanlon", "In Defence of Minnie Dean".
In 2004, Catran won the Esther Glen Award, presented by LIANZA, for his book, "Jacko Moran, Sniper". Another five of his books have been short-listed for the award from 1997 to 2006, and "Smiling Jack" was a finalist for the 2011 LIANZA Young Adult Fiction Award.
In 2001, Catran's book, "Voyage with Jason", won the Children's Book of the Year award, and the Young Adult Fiction category, at the New Zealand Post Children's Book Awards. Later, his book, "Smiling Jack", won the Children's Choice Young Adult Fiction category at the 2011 awards. An additional three of his books have been shortlisted at the various incarnations of these awards — "Deepwater Black" and "Dream-bite" for Senior Fiction, and "Something Weird about Mr Foster" for Junior Fiction.
In 2007, after writing more than 30 novels, he won the Margaret Mahy Medal, awarded by the Storylines Children's Literature Charitable Trust to a person who has made a significant contribution to children's literature, publishing, or literacy. At least one of his books have been on the Storylines Notable Books List in the Young Adult Fiction category from when the list was established in 2000 to 2008, and again in 2011. In 2003 one of his books was included in the Junior Fiction category of the list, "Something Weird About Mr Foster".
He was the University of Otago College of Education Children's Writer in Residence in 1996, and the University of Waikato Writer in Residence in 2007.
In 2005 he was presented the Sir Julius Vogel Award for services to science fiction and fantasy, and was nominated for the Sir Julius Vogel Best Novel for "Protus Rising".
Personal life.
Not much is publicly known about Catran's personal life. Through various interviews, however, he has revealed that he chose writing over other interests because it 'came naturally to me'. He relaxes by going for walks, and, as may be expected for a writer, reads regularly.
He also frequently visits schools and gives advice to young writers on creating novels and short stories

</doc>
<doc id="19275960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275960" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre pistol">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 50 metre pistol

Men's 50 metre pistol (then known as "free pistol") was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. The first time decimals were used in the 50 metre pistol finals, Boris Kokorev set a new Olympic record after scoring 570 points in the qualification round and 96.4 in the final, where places 2 through 5 were occupied by Belarusian and Italian shooters.
Qualification round.
Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19275973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275973" title="Sherman House">
Sherman House

Sherman House or Sherman Farm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19275977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275977" title="Ceto">
Ceto

Keto (, "Kētō", "sea monster") — Latinized as Ceto — is a primordial sea goddess in Greek mythology, the daughter of Gaia and Pontus. Keto was also variously called Crataeis (Κράταιις, "Krataiis", from κραταιίς "mighty") and Trienus (Τρίενος, "Trienos", from τρίενος "within three years"), and was occasionally conflated by scholars with the goddess Hecate (for whom Trienus and Crataeis are also epithets). As a mythological figure, she is most notable for bearing by Phorcys a host of monstrous children, collectively known as the Phorcydes. The asteroid 65489 Ceto was named after her, and its satellite after Phorcys. 
This goddess should not be confused with the minor Oceanid also named Keto — who appears in Hesiod's "Theogony" as a separate character from Keto the daughter of Pontus and Gaia — or with various mythological beings referred to as "ketos" (plural "ketea"); this is a general term for "sea monster" in Ancient Greek.
Keto in ancient texts.
Hesiod's "Theogony" lists the children of Phorcys and Keto as Echidna, The Gorgons (Euryale, Stheno, and the infamous Medusa), The Graeae (Deino, Enyo, Pemphredo, and sometimes Perso), and Ladon, also called the Drakon Hesperios ("Hesperian Dragon", or dragon of the Hesperides). These children tend to be consistent across sources, though Ladon is sometimes cited as a child of Echidna by Typhon and therefore Phorcys and Keto's grandson.
The "Bibliotheca" and Homer refer to Scylla as the daughter of Crataeis, with the "Bibliotheca" specifying that she is also Phorcys' daughter. The "Bibliotheca" also refers to Scylla as the daughter of Trienus, implying that Crataeis and Trienus are the same entity. Apollonius cites Scylla as the daughter of Phorcys and a conflated Crataeis-Hecate. Stesichorus refers to Scylla as a daughter of Phorcys and Lamia (potentially translated as "the shark" and referring to Ceto rather than to the mythological Libyan Queen).
The Scholiast on Apollonius Rhodius cites Phorcys and Ceto as the parents of the Hesperides, but this assertion is not repeated in other ancient sources.
Homer refers to Thoosa, the mother of Polyphemus, as a daughter of Phorcys, but does not indicate whether Keto is her mother.
Keto in popular culture.
Pliny mentions worship of "storied Keto" at Joppa (now Jaffa), in a single reference, immediately after his mention of Andromeda, whom Perseus rescued from a sea-monster. S. Safrai and M. Stern suggest the possibility that someone at Joppa established a cult of the monster under the name Ceto. As an alternative explanation, they posit that Pliny or his source misread the name as "cetus" - or the Syrian goddess Derceto.
Keto also appears in Rick Riordan's "Mark of Athena", where she and her brother-husband Phorcys run a sort of circus featuring shows by sea monsters and other underwater mythological creatures called "Death in the Deep Seas" (Sponsored by Monster Donut) out of the Georgia Aquarium. Percy Jackson and Frank Zhang, both descended from Poseidon, are imprisoned by Phorcys. They are rescued by the satyr Gleeson Hedge, who kicks Keto in the head and rescues Percy and Frank. This angered Keto, so she sent a giant scolopendra to attack their ship, the "Argo II", but it is defeated by the ichthyocentaurs, who promise to defeat Keto and Phorcys.

</doc>
<doc id="19275987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275987" title="Alex Ibbs">
Alex Ibbs

Alex Ibbs (born 17 August 1985 in Stoke-on-Trent), nicknamed El Toro, is a British heavyweight boxer based in Stoke-on-Trent, England. His record stands at four wins, and two losses in six bouts.
Ibbs competed in the "Prizefighter" competition at York Hall, Bethnal Green on 11 April 2008. He lost to Martin Rogan, the eventual, in the opening round of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19275989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275989" title="Dolly Unachukwu">
Dolly Unachukwu

Dolly Unachukwu (born 1 November 1969) is a Nigerian actress.
Dolly Unachukwu is one of the pioneers of Nollywood, a talented actress, writer, producer and recently turned film director. Born in 1969 to a family of seven, Unachukwu started her acting career at the age of 16. A native of Amichi in Anambra state, she first featured in a television programme junior drama in 1985 as a secretary. Later that year she was cast in the prime time soap opera "Mirror in the Sun" as Prisca, but it was her role in "Fortunes" that made her a household name in 1993, where she played 'Fadeke', the subdued wife of a millionaire, an ideal Nigerian woman. Unachukwu made her debut in films with her performances in "Deadly Affair" and "Deadly Affair II", speaking three different Nigerian language in the film. Unachukwu played a mean pimp in the controversial film "Glamour Girls", a film that later won the most popular Nigerian film in America in 1995.
In 1997, Unachukwu produced her life story, "Wildest Dream". In the film, she narrated the ordeal of her first marriage, which crashed in 1994, making her a single parent. Her estranged husband threatened to sue her over using his real name in the film. Unachukwu remarried in 2000 and in August of the same year she move to join her husband in England, only to split up with him at the airport upon realising that he had not been all that truthful to her. Now in England, Unachukwu acquired more knowledge as she got the European Computer Driving Licence in 2002 and the next year began a three year degree course in Films and Videos at the East London University Docklands, taking two years off to care for a new baby girl that arrived in 2004. She graduated in June 2008. Unachukwu produced and directed her own film, called "The Empire" in 2005, while on break from the university.
Unachukwu attended the Television College Jos in Plateau State, where she received a diploma in Television Production in 1988. She later went on to study phonetics in 1989 at the FRCN Training school Lagos and then went to the Lagos State University in 1990 and earned a diploma in Law.

</doc>
<doc id="19275994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19275994" title="Supernatural order">
Supernatural order

In Christian theology, the Supernatural order is, according to New Advent, defined as "the ensemble of effects exceeding the powers of the created universe and gratuitously produced by God for the purpose of raising the rational creature above its native sphere to a God-like life and destiny." The "Modern Catholic Dictionary" defines it as "he sum total of heavenly destiny and all the divinely established means of reaching that destiny, which surpass the mere powers and capacities of human nature."
In Christian philosophy.
According to New Advent, "the philosophical possibility and the critical ascertainment of the supernatural order are the central point of Christian apologetics."
In Supernaturalism.
According to supernaturalism, a supernatural order is the original and fundamental source of all that exists. Accordingly, it is this supernatural order which defines the limits of what may be known.

</doc>
<doc id="19276016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276016" title="Michael Grace">
Michael Grace

Michael Grace is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19276020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276020" title="Jan Berger (footballer born 1976)">
Jan Berger (footballer born 1976)

Jan Berger (born 18 August 1976 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech-Swiss football midfielder.
Career.
As a youth, Jan Berger played for Sparta Prague but when his father, Jan Berger Senior, signed for FC Zürich, his family moved to Switzerland and he continued his career at FC St. Gallen.
He started his professional career at Grasshopper Club Zürich in 1994 before joining FC Basel in 1997. He spent just one season at Basel, playing 16 games, and signed for FC Aarau in the summer of 1998. Short spells at AC Bellinzona and FC Baden then followed before he moved to FC St. Gallen, where he spent three years.
In the summer of 2003, he joined Czech club 1. FK Příbram on a free transfer. He played just two games in the Gambrinus liga before moving back to Switzerland to play for FC Sion. His move to Sion did not turn out so good either as he 18 reserve matches compared to his 15 first-team matches and was loaned out to Lausanne Sports in 2005.
He then played in the Swiss 1. Liga and 2. Liga with FC Bulle and CS Chênois, for a short while, before returning to the Czech Republic with FK Fotbal Třinec in 2007. He achieved some good form while playing in the Czech 2. Liga in the 2007/08 season, and in July 2008, he signed for 1. FC Slovácko.
He later headed to India, where he played for Kingfisher East Bengal F.C. and Dempo S.C. before returning to Switzerland.
Personal.
He is the son of former Czechoslovak international footballer Jan Berger, Sr. and is the brother of footballer Tomáš, the Czech Republic international midfielder Patrik Berger is his cousin.
Berger has a relationship with the Dutch royaltyreporter Sandra Schuurhof, She works for the Dutch TV-station RTL 4.

</doc>
<doc id="19276028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276028" title="USS Sussex (SP-685)">
USS Sussex (SP-685)

USS "Sussex" (SP-685) was a commercial fishing freighter acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She served as a minesweeper on the U.S. East Coast through the war and was sold after the World War I Armistice.
A steamer built in Delaware.
The first ship to be so named by the Navy, "Sussex" (SP-685) -- a fishing steamer built in 1913 by R. T. Potter at Milton, Delaware -- was acquired by the Navy on 5 May 1917 from the Delaware Fish Oil Co., Lewes, Delaware; and was commissioned on 31 May 1917.
First World War service.
"Sussex" operated as a minesweeper in the Third Naval District for the remainder of the conflict and for a few months following the November 1918 Armistice.
Post-war inactivation.
She was struck from the Navy list on 11 March 1919 and sold on 16 January 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19276036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276036" title="Oratam">
Oratam

Oratam (or Oritani) was sagamore, or sachem, of the Hackensack Indians living in northeastern New Jersey during the period of early European colonization in the 17th century. Documentation shows that he lived an unusually long life (almost 90 years) and was quite influential among indigenous and immigrant populations.
The Hackensacks were a sub-group of the Unami, or Turtle Clan, of the Lenni-Lenape, numbering close to a thousand. They occupied the territory called Ack-kinkas-hacky (various spellings include Achkinhenhcky, Achinigeu-hach, Ackingsah-sack). Essentially a sedentary, agricultural society, the Hackensacks set up seasonal campsites and practiced companion planting, hunting, trapping, fishing, and shell-fishing. They maintained a village near the Tantaqua (Overpeck Creek), while their council fire was located at Gamoenpa (Communipaw). Their territory roughly corresponds to the Upper New York Bay, Newark Bay, Bergen Neck, the Meadowlands, and the Palisades, in Hudson and Bergen Counties. 
During Oratam's chieftaincy, the region was settled by New Netherland Dutch, an amalgam of northern Europeans. The New Netherland Dutch arrived in 1633, establishing Pavonia, with homesteads and ports at Paulus Hook Communipaw, Harsimus, and Hoboken. Other settlements were Achter Col and Vriessendael. In 1661, the region was given a municipal charter and named Bergen. 
The society of the Unami was based on governance by consensus, or unanimous agreement, which its leaders were obliged to follow or to abdicate. The totem of the turtle was held in great esteeem by other groups, particularly as peacemakers. Having attained an old age, Oratam likely enjoyed a position of great honor and respect. Considered a sage negotiator, Oratam brokered many land deals, truces, and treaties between the native and colonizing peoples. On occasion he was aided by David de Vries, a Dutch landowner, and Sara Kiersted, a prominent New Amsterdammer who had mastered the Unami language, and to whom he made a large land grant in 1664.
It was within the bounds of Oratam's sachendom that one of the first genocides of Native Americans by European settlers took place. In February 1643, the governor of New Netherland William Kieft allowed the massacre of eighty Wecquaesgeek and Tappan who had taken refuge near one of the plantations at Harsimus in Pavonia. The Hackensacks, Tappans, and Montauks made common cause with the Wappinger, and retaliated by attacking "bouweries" (home farms) and plantations (outlying fields). By April, though, Oratam, representing the Tappans, Reckgawanacs (Manhattans), Kicktawancs, and Sintsinck, concluded a treaty with the New Netherlanders. Nonetheless, due to other events taking place, mostly on Long Island and in the Hudson Valley, hostilities escalated and what became known as Kieft's War continued for another two years. It was not until August 1645, at a "summit" in New Amsterdam in part organized by Oratam, that a truce was declared and a treaty signed.
For nearly ten years the two communities co-existed peacefully, if somewhat tenuously, in some measure due to Oratam's influence in not allowing incidents between the parties to escalate to violent confrontation. However, in 1655, the murder of a squaw found stealing peaches from the orchard of a Dutch farmer on Manhattan, opened the flood gates for the release of pent-up frustrations, and once again the colony of Pavonia was raided, requiring settlers there to abandon their farms. This incident initiated the Peach Tree War. Oratam was likely involved in the return of some of the hostages who had been held at Paulus Hook.
In 1660 Oratam's diplomatic skills were again requested. After a year of conflict between the Esopus Indians (Lenape of the Munsee branch) and the New Netherlanders in Ulster County, the sachem of the Warranwonkongs asked Oratam to act as emissary to the government at New Amsterdam. Petrus Stuyvesant, who had become Director-General of New Netherland, enlisted his support, and Oratam traveled to the territory and organized a "conference" that lead to a treaty which temporarily ended the hostilities.
Oratam played a vital role in the negotiations for the sale of land to Robert Treat at what would grow to become Greater Newark in 1666.
A representation of Chief Oratam of the Achkinhenhcky appears on the Hackensack municipal seal.
He is said to have been buried in the Sicomac "happy hunting ground" in Wykoff, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19276045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276045" title="Possamai">
Possamai

Possamai - an umlaut-converted representation of Possamaï - is a French-African surname.
It can specifically refer to several people:

</doc>
<doc id="19276075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276075" title="2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 1500 metres">
2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 1500 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 1500 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Championships in Edmonton, Canada. There were a total number of 40 participating athletes, with three qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Sunday 12 August 2001 at 16:00h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Heats.
Held on Thursday 9 August 2001
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19276083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276083" title="Billy Madden">
Billy Madden

Billy Madden (1852–1918) is best known as a champion American boxer or pugilist, and pugilistic trainer, and manager. He was also a playwright, writer of books and newspaper articles, the producer of sporting events other than pugilistic, such as wrestling matches and women's marathon bicycle races. 
Billy Madden was born on December 10, 1852, in London, England, to Irish immigrant parents, and died on February 22, 1918, in White Plains, New York, after a protracted illness, reportedly a stomach cancer. Although some sources report that he came to the United States as a boxer, he would have been in his very early teens at that time. His first recorded prize fight in the United States was against Hurley, at age 15.
As a welter weight pugilist he won numerous documented fights in the United States and was involved in numerous exhibition matches (in the US and abroad) with notable fighters such as Sullivan, McAuliffe, and Kilrain. Purportedly, he never was punched in the face.
Billy Madden was probably the best known of the late 19th-century American boxing managers. He was reportedly the first to use modern advertising techniques and campaigns to create laudable careers for the pugilists he managed. He was credited with discovering and was indeed the manager of John L. Sullivan, as well as such other noteworthy fighters as Charlie Mitchell, "Nonpariel" Jack Dempsey, Jake Kilrain, McAuliffe, Peter Maher, among others.
Reportedly, he coined the term "Knock-Out" and the phrase "the hand is quicker than the eye". His international reputation was for being "on the level" and he was highly respected in sporting circles. His friendship with sports writer and lawman Bat Masterson was of long standing, as was his friendship with Theodore Roosevelt, the newspaper reporter, sports writer, Governor of New York State and President of the United States. Billy Madden's obituary in the "New York Times" of February 22, 1918, notes that Madden had a versatile career: as well as his sports experience, he was nominated to run for the New York legislature from the fifth district of Brooklyn in 1906. According to the October 16, 1906, Gilliams Press Syndicate, he was nominated by The Independent League of New York as their candidate for the New York State Senate. The Press Syndicate quoted him as saying " If I go to Albany I will hand a few jolts to the Trusts to show them they cannot control me. I am for the Poor People - You Bet!". In his obituary in the New York Times it was noted that Billy Madden wanted to be known as a self-made man.
Billy Madden was inducted, as a Boxing Manager, into the Bare Knuckles Boxing Hall of Fame in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19276090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276090" title="1968–69 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1968–69 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The 1968–69 Toronto Maple Leafs season was the Toronto Maple Leafs fifty-second season of the franchise, forty-second season as the Maple Leafs. Although the Maple Leafs made the playoffs, they were swept in the quarter-finals by Boston, suffering two crushing defeats at Boston Garden.
Playoffs.
Quarter-finals
Transactions.
The Maple Leafs have been involved in the following transactions during the 1968–69 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19276109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276109" title="1974–75 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1974–75 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The 1974–75 Toronto Maple Leafs season was the fifty-eighth season of the franchise, forty-eighth season as the Maple Leafs. 
Transactions.
The Maple Leafs have been involved in the following transactions during the 1974-75 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19276126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276126" title="Āgama (Hinduism)">
Āgama (Hinduism)

The Agamas are a collection of Sanskrit, Tamil and Grantha scriptures chiefly constituting the methods of temple construction and creation of idols, worship means of deities, philosophical doctrines, meditative practices, attainment of sixfold desires and four kinds of yoga. The Agamic religions are also called Tantrism, although the term 'tantra' is sometimes used specifically to refer to Shakta Agamas. The origin and chronology of Agamic religions remain contentious. The tantras are considered innumerable with various sects. Some popular agama-based religions are those of Shaiva, Vaishnava, Shakta, Ganapatya, Kaumara, Soura, Bhairava, and Yaksha-bhutadi-sadhana. There exist 28 Saiva Agamas, 77 Shakta Agamas and 215 Vaishnava Agamas, and their upa-agamas.
The Agamas are non-vedic in origin and have been dated either as post-vedic texts In the Malay language the word Agama literally means 'religion'. Agama traditions have been the sources of Yoga and Self Realization concepts in the Indian subcontinent, including Kundalini Yoga The Agamic tradition, in general, has been dated to the pre-Mauryan period as references to the tradition are found in later vedic literature of Atharvaveda.
The agama tradition is often contrasted with the nigama tradition; the latter possibly a reference to the unchanging vedic tradition. The Hinduism of today is in many way a blending of agama and nigama approaches.
Etymology.
"Agama" (Sanskrit आगम) is derived from the verb root गम (gam) meaning ""to go"" and the preposition आ (aa) meaning ""toward"" and refers to scriptures "that which has come down". It also means "a traditional doctrine, or system which commands faith".
Significance.
Agamas deal with the philosophy and spiritual knowledge behind the worship of the deity, the yoga and mental discipline required for this worship, and the specifics of worship offered to the deity. The ritualistic pattern of worship in the Agamic religions differ from the Vedic form. While the Vedic form of yajna require no idols and shrines, the Agamic religions are based on idols with puja as means of worship. The Agamic deities are pinned to a specific spot and assume the nature of a territorial deity.
Each Agama consists of four parts: 
The Agamas state three essential requirements for a place of pilgrimage - Sthala, Tīrtha and Murthy. Sthala refers to the temple, Tīrtha, to the temple tank and Murthy to the deity(ies) worshipped. A temple may also be associated with a tree, called the Sthala Vriksham. For instance, the Kadamba tree at the Madurai Meenakshi Sundareswarar temple is the Sthala Vriksham. A lone banyan tree that adorns the spacious courtyard of the Ratnasabha at Tiruvalankadu is the Sthala Vriksham. The entire area is believed to have been a forest of banyan trees once.
Elaborate rules are laid out in the Agamas for Silpa (the art of sculpture) describing the quality requirements of the places where temples are to be built, the kind of images to be installed, the materials from which they are to be made, their dimensions, proportions, air circulation, lighting in the temple complex etc. The Manasara and Silpasara are some of the works dealing with these rules. The rituals followed in worship services each day at the temple also follow rules laid out in the Agamas.
Saiva Agamas.
The Shaiva Agama perceives its texts were generated from Shiva as
meaning, 
The Saiva Agamas are found in four main schools - Kapala, Kalamukha, Pashupata and Saiva—and number 28 in total as follows:
Saiva Siddhanta and Kashmiri Shaivism.
The Saiva Agamas led to the Saiva Siddhanta philosophy in Tamil-speaking regions of South-India and gave rise to Kashmir Saivism in the North-Indian region of Kashmir.
Kashmiri Saivism is also called the Trika Shastra. The trika philosophy derives its name from the three shaktis, namely, parA, aparA and parApara; and provides three modes of knowledge of reality, that is, non-dual ("abheda"), non-dual-cum-dual ("bhedabheda") and dual ("bheda"). The literature of Kashmiri Shaivism is divided under three categories—Agama shastra, Spanda shastra and Pratyabhijna shastra. Although the Trika Shastra in the form of Agama Shastra is said to have existed eternally, the founder of the system is considered Vasugupta (850 AD) to whom the Shiva Sutras were revealed. Kallata in Spanda-vritti and Kshemaraja in his commentary Vimarshini state Shiva revealed the secret doctrines to Vasugupta while Bhaskara in his Varttika says a Siddha revealed the doctrines to Vasugupta in a dream.
Shakta Agamas.
The Shakta Agamas or Shakta tantras are 64 in number and grouped into Dakshina marga (right-hand) and Vama marga (left-hand).
Vaishnava Agamas.
The Vaishnava Agamas are found into two main schools -- Pancharatra and Vaikhanasas. While Vaikhanasa Agamas were transmitted from Vikhanasa Rishi to his disciples Brighu, Marichi, Atri and Kashyapa, the Pancharatra Agamas are considered to be revealed and handed down in three ways -- 
Vaikhanasa Agama.
See main article Vaikhanasa
Maharishi Vikhanasa is considered to have guided in the compilation of a set of Agamas named vaikhānasa Agama. Sage Vikhanasa is conceptualized as a mind-born creation, i.e., "Maanaseeka Utbhavar" of Lord Narayana. Originally Vikhanasa passed on the knowledge to nine disciples in the first manvantara -- Atri, Bhrigu, Marichi, Kashyapa, Vasishta, Pulaha, Pulasthya, Krathu and Angiras. However, only those of Bhrigu, Marichi, Kashyapa and Atri are extant today. The four rishis are said to have received the cult and knowledge of Vishnu from the first Vikahansa, i.e., the older Brahma in the Svayambhuva Manvanthara. Thus, the four sages Atri, Bhrigu, Marichi, Kashyapa, are considered the propagators of vaikhānasa śāstra. A composition of Sage Vikhanasa's disciple Marichi, namely, Ananda-Samhita states Vikhanasa prepared the Vaikhanasa Sutra according to a branch of Yajurveda and was Brahma himself.
The extant texts of vaikhānasa Agama number 28 in total and are known from the texts, vimānārcakakalpa and ānanda saṃhitā, both composed by marīci which enumerate them. They are:
The 13 Adhikaras authored by Bhrigu.
However, ānanda saṃhitā attributes ten works to Bhrigu, namely, khila, khilādhikāra, purādhikāra, vāsādhikāraṇa, arcanādhikaraṇa, mānādhikaraṇa, kriyādhikāra, niruktādhikāra, prakīrṇādhikāra, yajnādhikāra.
The 8 Samhitas authored by Mareechi.
However, ānanda saṃhitā attributes the following works to Marichi—jaya saṃhitā, ānanda saṃhitā, saṃjnāna saṃhitā, vīra saṃhitā, vijaya saṃhitā, vijita saṃhitā, vimala saṃhitā, kalpa saṃhitā.
The 3 Kandas authored by Kashyapa.
However, ānanda saṃhitā attributes the satyakāṇḍa, karmakāṇḍa and jnānakāṇḍa to Kashyapa.
The 4 tantras authored by Atri.
However, ānanda saṃhitā attributes the pūrvatantra, viṣṇutantra, uttaratantra and mahātantra to Atri.
Pancharatra Agama.
See main article: Pañcaratra
Like the Vaikhanasa Agama, the Pancharatra Agama is centered around the worship of Lord Vishnu. While the Vaikhansa deals primarily with Vaidhi Bhakti, the Pancaratra Agama teaches both vaidhi and rAgAnugA bhakti.
Soura Agamas.
The Soura or Saura Agamas comprise one of the six popular agama-based religions of Shaiva, Vaishnava, Shakta, Ganapatya, Kaumara and Soura. The Saura Tantras are dedicated to the sun (Surya) and Soura Agamas are in use in temples of Sun worship. One of the earliest agamic texts of Jains, the Jaina Souraseni, is said to have derived from the Soura tantric element.
Ganapatya Agamas.
The Paramanada Tantra mentions the number of sectarian tantras as 6000 for Vaishnava, 10000 for Shaiva, 100000 for Shakta, 1000 for Ganapatya, 2000 for Saura, 7000 for Bhairava, and 2000 for Yaksha-bhutadi-sadhana.

</doc>
<doc id="19276127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276127" title="Bois-Francs, Quebec">
Bois-Francs, Quebec

Bois-Francs, Quebec may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19276134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276134" title="Ali Pur Chatta">
Ali Pur Chatta

Ali Pur Chatta is a town of Gujranwala District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°16'0N 73°49'0E with an altitude of 193 metres (636 feet).
History.
Ali Pur Chatta (formerly Akalgarh) is a town of Wazirabad Tehsil in the Gujranwala District of Pakistan. It is situated nearly 35km to the west of the district capital, Gujranwala. The municipality was created in 1867 during colonial rule. At that time, the town lay on the Wazirabad-Lyallpur branch of the North-Western Railway.
There are degree colleges both for boys and girls. Ali Pur Chattha is also known as land of fisheries and approximately 35,000 acres (140 km²) of land beyond Mandi Baha_ud _din are covered by fish ponds.
Sadhanwali is 3km away from Ali Pur Chattha. Kot Bhaga is 2 km away from this town which is the village of famous Urdu poet Mr. Noon Meem Rashid (late).
Most popular designer, artist, poet and media person of Pakistan Imtiaz Mirza also belongs to Ali Pur Chatta. 
Dr Imran Javed an endovascular surgeon trained at Arizona Heart Institute, Phoenix, AZ, USA, also belongs to this town.
The population according to the 1901 census was 4,961, the income during the ten years ending 1902-3 averaged Rs. 5,500, and the expenditure Rs. 5,300. The income in 1903-4 was Rs. 6,400, chiefly from octroi; and the
expenditure was Rs. 6,400. The town was the residence of a family of Khattris of the Chopra clan, to which belonged the Diwan Sawan Mal and his son Mulraj, governors of Multan in the later days of Sikh rule.

</doc>
<doc id="19276149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276149" title="Akalgarh">
Akalgarh

Akalgarh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19276162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276162" title="List of songs recorded by Muse">
List of songs recorded by Muse

To date, English alternative rock band Muse have released 139 original songs on six studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, three extended plays (EPs), twenty-nine singles and three demos.
Album songs.
1. "Sunburn"
2. "Muscle Museum"
3. "Fillip"
4. "Falling Down"
5. "Cave"
6. "Showbiz"
7. "Unintended"
8. "Uno"
9. "Sober"
10. "Escape"
11. "Overdue"
12. "Hate This and I'll Love You"
1. "New Born"
2. "Bliss"
3. "Space Dementia"
4. "Hyper Music"
5. "Plug In Baby"
6. "Citizen Erased"
7. "Micro Cuts"
8. "Screenager"
9. "Darkshines"
10. "Feeling Good"
11. "Megalomania"
Disc one:
1. "Forced In"
2. "Shrinking Universe"
3. "Recess"
4. "Yes Please"
5. "Map of Your Head"
6. "Nature_1"
7. "Shine (Acoustic)"
8. "Ashamed"
9. "The Gallery"
10. "Hyper Chondriac Music"
Disc two:
1. "Dead Star"
2. "Micro Cuts"
3. "Citizen Erased"
4. "Showbiz"
5. "Megalomania"
6. "Darkshines"
7. "Screenager (Piano)"
8. "Space Dementia"
9. "In Your World"
10. "Muscle Museum"
11. "Agitated"
Note: The album comprises one disc of previously released B-sides and a second disc of live recordings from the band's performances at Le Zénith in Paris, France on 28 and 29 October 2001.
1. "Intro"
2. "Apocalypse Please"
3. "Time Is Running Out"
4. "Sing for Absolution"
5. "Stockholm Syndrome"
6. "Falling Away with You"
7. "Interlude"
8. "Hysteria"
9. "Blackout"
10. "Butterflies and Hurricanes"
11. "The Small Print"
12. "Endlessly"
13. "Thoughts of a Dying Atheist"
14. "Ruled by Secrecy"
1. "Take a Bow"
2. "Starlight"
3. "Supermassive Black Hole"
4. "Map of the Problematique"
5. "Soldier's Poem"
6. "Invincible"
7. "Assassin"
8. "Exo-Politics"
9. "City of Delusion"
10. "Hoodoo"
11. "Knights of Cydonia"
1. "Uprising"
2. "Resistance"
3. "Undisclosed Desires"
4. "United States of Eurasia (+Collateral Damage)"
5. "Guiding Light"
6. "Unnatural Selection"
7. "MK Ultra"
8. "I Belong to You (+Mon cœur s'ouvre à ta voix)"
9. ""
10. ""
11. ""
Bonus tracks 
13. "Spiral Static" (Bonus track) 
12. "Futurism" (Bonus track)
13. "Muse TV" (Bonus CD-ROM feature)
15. "Fury" (Bonus track)
16. "The Making of Absolution" (DVD feature)
12. "Glorious" (Bonus track)
12. "The Making of The Resistance" (DVD feature)
The 2nd Law (2012)
1. "Supremacy" 
2. "Madness" 
3. "Panic Station" 
4. "Prelude" 
5. "Survival" 
6. "Follow Me" 
7. "Animals" 
8. "Explorers" 
9. "Big Freeze" 
10. "Save Me" 
11. "Liquid State" 
12. "" 
13. "The 2nd Law: Isolated System" 
B-sides.
Note: "Exogenesis" is considered both a single and an EP, and was only released on 12" vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="19276172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276172" title="Geschichte vom braven Kasperl und dem schönen Annerl">
Geschichte vom braven Kasperl und dem schönen Annerl

Geschichte vom braven Kasperl und dem schönen Annerl (or "The Story of Just Casper and Fair Annie" in English) is a novella by Clemens Brentano, first published in 1817 in the book "Gaben der Milde", edited by Friedrich Wilhelm Gubitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19276180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276180" title="Cohoes Music Hall">
Cohoes Music Hall

Cohoes Music Hall is located at 58 Remsen Street in Cohoes, New York, United States. It is a four-story brick building in the Second Empire architectural style. Built in 1874, it is considered the best example of that style in the city , with an unusually decorative front facade.
In 1971 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Thirteen years later, when the Downtown Cohoes Historic District was added to the Register, the Music Hall was listed as a contributing property. After a restoration it began putting on performances again in the 1970s. It is the fourth-oldest music hall currently in use in the country, and also serves as the city's visitor center.
Building.
The Music Hall is nine bays wide by six deep. It is made of brick with alternating courses of limestone, a material also used for the hooded trim on the windows. The mansard roof found on many Second Empire buildings is pierced by several decorative corbeled brick chimneys. Below it is a bracketed cornice. The east (front) facade is faced in green marble at street level, making it unusually decorative for a Second Empire building and one of the most ornate in Cohoes.
Inside, the third and fourth stories host a five hundred seat auditorium, with a balcony on the upper level. Much of the original interior furnishings and decor remains.
History.
Two local businessmen, newspaper owner James Masten and miller William Acheson, partnered to build the Music Hall in 1874. Nichols and Halcott of nearby Albany designed and built it for a cost of $60,000. It opened with a performance of Dion Boucicault's "London Assurance".
They leased the space on the ground floors to stores and other businesses to provide extra income, starting with the local post office. Two years later the city's library rented some space on the second story. In 1878 Masten sold his interest to Mary Acheson for 25 cents, because he felt the local market was oversaturated. Performers who played the building over the years included Sarah Bernhardt, Buffalo Bill Cody, George M. Cohan, Jimmy Durante, Lillian Russell, John Philip Sousa, Tom Thumb and then-Cohoes native Eva Tanguay (supposedly booed on her first appearance).
In 1880 the First National Bank moved into the first floor. By 1905 it had taken over ownership of the building, putting its name on the entablature at the roofline. They closed the theater after discovering one of the roof trusses was sagging.
By the middle of the 20th century, as the city declined along with its textile industries and the Erie Canal, the Music Hall had begun to deteriorate and fall into disuse. It became city property for one dollar in 1969. and was in danger of being demolished just before it was added to the Register. An extensive restoration allowed to reopen a year after its centenary, with another production of "London Assurance".
Since 2002 it has been the home of C-R Productions, which is committed to revitalize the theater and attract visitors to Cohoes by presenting quality theater and educational programs. To the former end, it has staged popular musicals like "Chicago" and "Miss Saigon". The street-level offices also serve as the city's visitor center, with displays on the history of the textile industry in the city and information about historic sites and other local attractions.

</doc>
<doc id="19276183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276183" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol

Men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Ralf Schumann defended his title from Barcelona, setting two new Olympic records.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19276201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276201" title="Andrew Kirkaldy (golfer)">
Andrew Kirkaldy (golfer)

Andrew Kirkaldy (c.1860–1934) was a Scottish professional golfer. 
In his first Open Championship in 1879, Kirkaldy finished second to Jamie Anderson at the Old Course at St Andrews. In the 1889 Open Championship at Musselburgh Links, he lost a playoff to Willie Park, Jnr. In the 1891 Open Championship his brother Hugh beat him by two shots and he finished second alongside Willie Fernie. In all, he place in the top-10 14 times and the top-3 six times at the Open.
Results in major championships.
Kirkaldy played in only The Open Championship.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Yellow background for top-10

</doc>
<doc id="19276229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19276229" title="Jonathan Bailey House">
Jonathan Bailey House

Jonathan Bailey House can refer to:

</doc>
