<doc id="19311384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311384" title="American Helicopter XH-26 Jet Jeep">
American Helicopter XH-26 Jet Jeep

The American Helicopter XH-26 Jet Jeep (known as the XA-8 by its manufacturer) was an experimental tip jet helicopter developed in 1951 by the American Helicopter Company to meet a United States Army and Air Force (USAF) request for a collapsible and air-droppable observation helicopter.
Design and development.
The design of the original Model XA-8 single-seat lightweight helicopter began in 1951 under the sponsorship of the U.S. Army Transportation Corps and the USAF. The Army's specification in 1950 had called for a lightweight, one-man unarmed helicopter that had to be collapsible, capable of aerial delivery to troops in rugged terrain, and assembled quickly with simple tools. The helicopter was to be used for both light observation and as an air-droppable rescue vehicle for downed aircrews. After a review of all proposals American Helicopter was awarded the development contract in June 1951, based on its XA-8 design proposal. The first of five prototype XH-26s flew in January 1952. 
The XH-26 was constructed of aluminum, except for the aft fuselage, which was laminated fiberglass, and possessed a well-glazed, pyramidal-shaped cockpit. When collapsed, its five-by-five foot by fourteen foot container fit on a trailer that could be towed by a military Jeep. If stripped for air drop, the Jet Jeep weighed less than 300 pounds, and it could be assembled by two men in just 20 minutes. The XH-26 did not use any gears, or an internal engine like other helicopters. Rather, the Jet Jeep was powered by two 6.75-inch XPJ49 pulse jet engines mounted on the end of each rotor blade tip as tip jets. Also designed by American Helicopter, each pulse jet weighed just 16 pounds, yet produced 35 pounds of thrust, and were started with an internal compressed air system. Since the engines did not have to be warmed up, the XH-26 could take off in just 30 seconds. The pulse jets produced no torque, and the tiny, belt-driven tail rotor was used only to improve directional control. The only mechanical item that had to be replaced after so many hours of flight was the intake air vanes, which were small and inexpensive and could be replaced with a small tool in minutes.
American Helicopter chose the name "Jet Jeep", because the XH-26 could be used like a Jeep, but in the air. It could be transported by a Jeep, and even used the same fuel. The XH-26 could be dropped by air and assembled and be ready for flight in 20 minutes. 
Operational history.
Both the Army and USAF evaluated the five prototype Jet Jeeps. They proved to be rugged and durable vehicles with a top speed of 80 mph and a ceiling of 7,000 feet. Unfortunately, the pulse jets produced an unacceptable amount of noise and the drag of the engines in the event of power loss would prevent safe landings by autorotation. For these two reasons the Army found the pulse jet helicopters unsuitable as it had those with ramjets. Finally, cost considerations forced the cancellation of the program. The replacement of the pulse jets with ramjets was suggested, but never undertaken.

</doc>
<doc id="19311385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311385" title="Marian Allen">
Marian Allen

Marian Allen (born Eleanor Marian Dundas Allen, 18 January 1892 – 12 September 1953) was a British writer, the author of the poem now known as ""The Wind on the Downs"" published in a small 63-page book of poems of the same name. Allen was born at Toxteth Park (now St Scholastica's School), Glebe, Sydney, Australia, the daughter of George Boyce Allen, a barrister, and Isabella Dundas Allen.
Life.
By 1908, the parents of Marian Allen with their family of six children (three boys and three girls) were living in Woodstock Road, Oxford, England.
It was here in 1913–14 that Marian first met Arthur Tylston Greg, whom she was to have married and to whom, under the initials A. T. G. her book of poems was dedicated. Like Marian Allen's brother, George Dundas Allen, Arthur Greg was studying Law at New College, Oxford and it seems likely that they first met when Arthur Greg visited his fellow student's house. Marian and Arthur's steps on the towpath walk can be retraced walking from Woodstock Road along Leckford Road, Longworth Road, and Walton Well Road. The meadow is still there as is a very old wooden gate hitch could quite possibly be the one mentioned in the poem.
In August 1914, on the outbreak of World War I, Arthur Greg and Dundas (as Marian Allen's brother was known) abandoned their studies and joined the army. Arthur fought in the battles around the Hill 60 in Belgium and in May 1915 was badly wounded when part of his lower jaw was shot away. By 1916, Dundas Allen had joined the Royal Flying Corps and was awarded the Military Cross. It was probably because of this that Arthur Greg too joined the Royal Flying Corps where, as Captain Greg, he trained to fly the D.H.4 bomber.
On Wednesday 4 April 1917, Marian Allen and Arthur Greg said goodbye for the last time as Arthur Greg left Charing Cross for Boulogne to join 55th Squadron. He was shot down over St Quentin on St George's Day, 1917. He is buried at Jussy cemetery with the words, "love is stronger than death". Marian Allen heard the tragic news on either 30 April or 1 May, and some of her finest poems, many of them sonnets, were written almost immediately afterward. ""To A. T. G."" was finished on 2 May, and ""I like to think of you..."" on 10 May. It seems that, grief-stricken, she was not so much writing poems as continuing her letters to Arthur.
In the 1920s and 1930s, Marian Allen became a successful author/illustrator of children's books such as "The Wind in the Chimney", "Joy Street" volumes etc., writing mainly for Blackwell. She also designed the dust wrappers for numbers 5 to 11 of the "Joy Street" volumes. During much of this time she was living in London with her family at 35 Harrington Gardens (now the London base of Ithaca College). She always treasured the ticket (number 7935) which Arthur Greg used to leave Charing Cross for Boulogne.
Later in life, she returned to Woodstock Road in Oxford where she died unmarried on 12 September 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19311398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311398" title="Kali for Women">
Kali for Women

Kali for Women was an important start-up feminist publisher in India. Urvashi Butalia and Ritu Menon set up Kali for Women in 1984, arguably the first Indian publishing house dedicated to publishing on and for women. When they decided to take this step, Butalia had worked with Oxford University Press and Zed Books in Delhi, while Ritu Menon was a well known scholar. They started with very little capital but with an urgent sense that they had to make Indian women’s voices heard, not just through academic publishing but also through activist works, translation and fiction. They were followed by other Indian presses concerned with gender and social issues such as Bhatkal and Sen who publish the imprints Stree and Samya and Tulika Books.
Widely regarded as India’s answer to Virago Press, Kali for Women published some pathbreaking books such as the Hindi reference book "Shareer ki Jankari" (‘About the Body’). "Shareer ki Jankari" was written by 75 village women and sold by the women themselves at a special price in the villages. Butalia and Menon were committed to social change through publishing and, almost as a byproduct, they also innovated in the ways they produced and sold their books. "Shareer ki Jankari" was also extremely frank about sex and women's bodies including issues such as menstrual taboos, leading to some commentators being shocked. Till then academic presses had largely ignored the markets for cheap, mass literature. Kali for Women also published Radha Kumar’s "The History of Doing", the ecofeminist Vandana Shiva’s landmark work "Staying Alive", and Kumkum Sangari and Sudesh Vaid’s landmark work "Recasting Women: Essays in Colonial History". 
In 2003, the founders decided to part ways, with Butalia setting up Zubaan Books in 2003, which besides feminist books also published fiction, general interest books and children’s titles, and Menon founding Women Unlimited. Both firms are still active. 
In 2011, Urvashi Butalia and Ritu Menon were jointly conferred the Padma Shri award, for their contribution to the nation by Government of India. 

</doc>
<doc id="19311414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311414" title="Green municipalism">
Green municipalism

Green municipalism refers to the encouragement of environmentalism from the municipal, rather than state or national basis.
It has been discussed by Brian Milani in his book, "Designing the Green Economy" (2000). and by the Syracuse / Onondaga County Green Party Chapter at the US National Green Gathering of August 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19311418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311418" title="Kiryas Tosh">
Kiryas Tosh

Kiryas Tosh (Hebrew/Yiddish: קִרְיַת טאהש) is a Hasidic Jewish community in the town of Boisbriand, Quebec. It is affiliated with the Tosh Hasidic Dynasty. The community is home to approximately 450 families, or about 4,500 people.
History.
The community was formed in 1963 by Rebbe Meshulim Feish (Ferencz) Lowy. Lowy moved to Montreal in 1951, but viewed the moral climate in the community as deteriorating and not conducive to the study of Torah. The Rabbi and 18 families moved to the Boisbriand area in 1963, in an attempt to better insulate and isolate the community from outside influences. Since then, the population of the community has greatly increased, mostly due to the fertility rates of Hasidic communities.
Economics.
According to Dr. William Shaffir of McMaster University, about 20% of men living in Kiryas Tosh work outside of the community. Those who work outside of the community usually work in either specialized Jewish businesses, as Shochetim (ritual slaughterhouses) and teachers in religious schools, or in Jewish-owned businesses in the greater Montreal area. The rest of the community work in either religious jobs (at the community synagogue, mikvah, or yeshiva) or own their own small-scale retail businesses out of their homes (from jewelry making and shatnez laboratories to accounting and insurance agencies).
The community has a small shopping centre, housing a kosher supermarket, a kosher butcher, a toy store, and a clothing store, as well as shops to buy Judaica items.
Kiryas Tosh is served by its own Hatzolah unit for medical services, making it one of only three chapters in all of Canada. The village is also patrolled by a volunteer neighborhood watch group known as Chevrah Shomrim, which consists of over 20 young people that patrol the streets and come when one calls for help, working in conjunction with the local police forces.
To procure the survival of the community's stringent religious traditions, relative isolation from the outside world is considered desirable by the village's leaders. This isolation has led to distrust between many members of the community and the outside world, and vice versa. Intercommunity suspicion has led to incidents of hateful vandalism against residents' property in Kiryas Tosh. Institutions in Kiryas Tosh have also expressed their distrust of the outside community with prejudicial comments such as the following one, translated from the original Yiddish, to be found on the website of Kiryas Tosh's neighborhood watch group, Chevrah Shomrim:
"[...] as Kiryas Tosh is situated in a French[-speaking] district where anti-Semitism is very great and the Gentiles are not ashamed to show it and terrorize the Jews [...]"
Bylaws.
In order to protect the community from the moral decay of the outside community, Rebbe Lowy put together a set of by-laws "to govern the behavior of all the residents" of Kiryas Tosh. To live in this community, residents need to abide by these by-laws. 
Teachers of secular subjects who come into the community must follow guidelines of their own:
Politics.
The community seems to avoid voting in federal elections. In a poll-by-poll map of Rivière-des-Mille-Îles, the riding that covers Kiryas Tosh, voter turnout was as low as 10% in 2008. In the 2011 election, the community was evenly split between the Liberal and the Conservative candidates in their riding, while the riding itself was won by Laurin Liu of the NDP.
The community caused a controversy among Quebec Jews when it seemed as if the community would support a "Yes" vote in the 1995 Quebec referendum, running contrary to the opinion of the other Jews in the province, who largely supported the federalist "No" side.

</doc>
<doc id="19311433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311433" title="SAI KZ VIII">
SAI KZ VIII

__NOTOC__
The SAI KZ VIII was an aerobatic sport aircraft first built in Denmark in 1949. It was a low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional configuration with fixed tailwheel undercarriage and a single seat. The KZ VIII was custom-built by SAI for the Danish aerobatic display team Sylvest Jensen Luftcirkus, in which Peter Steen piloted the aircraft in some 50 performances in summer 1950. At the same time, a full set of parts for a second aircraft was produced, but this was not assembled until 1959. 
A third machine has been built as a replica.

</doc>
<doc id="19311436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311436" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 18 (1956)">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 18 (1956)

Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 18 (1956) is the eighteenth volume of Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories, which is a series of short story collections, edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg, which attempts to list the great science fiction stories from the Golden Age of Science Fiction. They date the Golden Age as beginning in 1939 and lasting until 1963.
This volume was originally published by DAW books in August 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19311454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311454" title="Samer al-Masry">
Samer al-Masry

Samer al-Masry (also spelled Samer al-Masri, ) is a Syrian actor born August 3, 1969 in Damascus, Syria. He is best known for his lead role in the Syrian drama Bab al-Hara.
Career.
He has performed in Theater and film but is best known for his work in television and his lead role in Bab al-Hara. Samer al-Masry has also starred in Al Dabour, Abu Janti, and Beit Jidi as Abu Hijaz.
His latest television role as the hilarious abu janti the king of taxi (ابو جانتي ملك التكسي (2, which was aired in the holy month of Ramadan (2010), was one of the most popular acts during that month, in which he also showcase his singing talent, and his comic personality.
References.
By: Amira D.
2- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OB04skwQ-go==External links==

</doc>
<doc id="19311459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311459" title="SS Columbia (Tokyo DisneySea)">
SS Columbia (Tokyo DisneySea)

SS "Columbia" is a representation of a passenger ship in the Japanese theme park Tokyo DisneySea. It is located in the 'New York Harbor' section of the American Waterfront in the park. The ship was designed as a recreation of a 20th-century steam-powered ocean liner.
Origin and design.
Tokyo DisneySea was designed with a nautical and maritime theme. The liner was chosen as a representation of iconic steam liners such as RMS "Titanic", though the "Columbia" is not a specific recreation of the "Titanic". The ship's funnels are painted in the Cunard Line's color, and is similar in appearance to the RMS "Queen Mary", currently a museum ship and hotel at Long Beach, California. The "Columbia" was not designed as a recreation of the "Queen Mary" owing to initial plans to build DisneySea at Long Beach, California, an idea which was later scrapped, but many of the designs were transferred to the Tokyo Disney park. 
The ship was designed to take visitors to the park from 'New York Harbor' to 'Mediterranean Harbor', two locations in Tokyo DisneySea. To make it more like a 20th-century passenger ship, the ship is towed by a small steam tug before departure.
Interior and exterior.
The ship houses a restaurant and serves as the backdrop for live stage shows on the Dockside Stage. The ship's visitors can explore the ship. The ship's upper deck provides elevated views of the park. The main dining room is located on Deck B (the ship's third level). Inside, period atmosphere is provided by a music from a grand piano. The attraction Turtle Talk with Crush and two restaurants are located inside the ship.

</doc>
<doc id="19311465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311465" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's shot put">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's shot put

These are the official results of the Men's shot put event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total number of 25 participating athletes, with two qualifying groups and the final held on 13 August 1994.
Qualifying round.
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19311481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311481" title="Nemesis Records">
Nemesis Records

Nemesis Records was an independent record label from the United States. The label released The Offspring's debut studio album, "The Offspring", in 1989 as well as their 1991 EP "Baghdad". Nemesis was founded by "Big" Frank Harrison, distributed by Cargo Records from Canada and closed in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19311502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311502" title="Dipodium elegantulum">
Dipodium elegantulum

Dipodium elegantulum, known as the elegant hyacinth-orchid, is a native Australian orchid. It grows in sparse open forest and grassy woodland in well-drained gravelly or stony loam. Plants are 50 to 80 centimetres tall with up to 60 flowers. Flowering time is August to December. These mycoheterotrophic plants have no leaves and are totally reliant on a soil-borne fungus for survival. This fungus is produced by surrounding native vegetation, so "Dipodium elagantulum" is impossible to cultivate outside its natural environment.

</doc>
<doc id="19311523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311523" title="LAV-600">
LAV-600

The Cadillac Gage Textron LAV-600 is an American light armored 6×6 wheeled vehicle, derived from the LAV-300. Developed by Cadillac Gage as a private venture, the LAV-600 offers superior firepower and mobility to the LAV-300. The vehicle’s armor can withstand impacts from up to 7.62mm ammunition and offers protection against land mines and fragmentation hand grenades. The LAV-600 also features low observability by minimizing of infrared, acoustic and seismic signatures.
Development and trials.
The LAV-600 was developed as a private venture by Cadillac Gage targeting the export market. The first prototype of the LAV-600 was built in 1985 and development was announced on the same year. Previously known as LAV-300 A1, it was named LAV-600 in 1986. The vehicle is now manufactured by Textron Marine & Land Systems. 
Gunnery trials carried out with the 105 mm gun were very successful. These trials included firing the gun at all angles of elevation and firing with the turret traversed 90 degrees to the vehicle’s centerline, the results of both being satisfactory. Mobility and firepower trials were carried out in late 1988 in Egypt.
Features.
The LAV-600 uses many components of the LAV-300, and also several improved components, including heavier armor, better vision devices and weapons.
Powered by a turbocharged 6CTA 8.3 diesel engine providing a power output of , the LAV-600 includes an Allison fully automatic transmission with six forward gears. The vehicle can travel at a maximum speed of 100 km/h, and has a range of 600 km.
Inclusion of low observable technologies for reconnaissance operations are also supported, such as minimization of infrared signatures, acoustic signatures and seismic signatures. A Halon fire detection and suppression system can be used for the vehicle. 
The LAV-600 is designed to allow it to be air-transported using C-5 Galaxy, C-141 Starlifter, C-17 Globemaster III and C-130 Hercules aircraft.
Armament.
The complete power operated, low recoil force gun turret of the Stingray light tank is used on the LAV-600. This incorporates a BAE Systems RO Defence 105 mm M-68 gun as the primary weapon of the LAV-600. A computerized fire control system is used for this weapon, with the power operated winch mounted at the front of the hull. The gunner's sight has a laser rangefinder system. The turret has a traverse arc of 360 degrees. 
As the auxiliary weapon, it is fitted with a 7.62 mm coaxial machine gun. Air defense is also provided by a roof mounted 7.62 mm machine gun. This can be replaced by a 12.7mm M2 HB machine gun.
Protection.
The hull and turret are of welded cadloy armored steel which provides protection against hits from up to 7.62 mm ammunition, shell splinters and fragmentation hand grenades. The armor floor plates provide protection against land mines. Armor plates can be fitted on to the hull for additional protection against ballistic impacts. Optionally, run-flat inserts can be used on the tires.
The LAV-600 features an optional nuclear, biological and chemical (NBC) protection system, and also includes chemical agent resistant coating (CARC) paint against chemical attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19311526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311526" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 19 (1957)">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 19 (1957)

Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 19 (1957) is the nineteenth volume of Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories, which is a series of short story collections, edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg, which attempts to list the great science fiction stories from the Golden Age of Science Fiction. They date the Golden Age as beginning in 1939 and lasting until 1963.
This volume was originally published by DAW books in February 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19311542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311542" title="Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki">
Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki

Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki, better known by its acronym, KSW, is widely considered to be the premiere mixed martial arts organization in Poland and one of the leading promotions in Europe. To date, most events have been hosted in Warsaw, Poland. 
History.
Martin Lewandowski had been the manager of the Hotel Marriott in Warsaw when he met Maciej Kawulski in 2002. Kawulski was organizing one of the biggest sports expos in Poland at that time, and as both businessmen come from martial arts backgrounds, they quickly found a common subject. Eighteen months later the first KSW show was born.
The promotion is famed for its four and eight-man tournaments, which until KSW X - Dekalog took place over the period of one night, but since KSW XI they are split, with the tournament final taking place on the next event. KSW XV is the first event without a new tournament, only with extra fights and finals from previous tournaments. 
Several fighters who have been successful in KSW have signed on to more well known promotions such as the UFC. KSW has its own fight team, the KSW Team, which consists of some of the promotion's elite fighters, such as Mamed Khalidov, Jan Błachowicz, Krzysztof Kulak, Łukasz Jurkowski or Antoni Chmielewski. KSW co-operates with many other promotions in Europe by exchanging fighters, for example WFC and The Cage. KSW runs the majority of its shows live on a variety of TV networks (Polsat Sport, Polsat Sport Extra) throughout Europe. Since KSW XI, the promotion runs its shows live on nationally available private television Polsat.
List of KSW events.
List of KSW Events: 

</doc>
<doc id="19311554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311554" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 20 (1958)">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 20 (1958)

Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 20 (1958) is the twentieth volume of Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories, which is a series of short story collections, edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg, which attempts to list the great science fiction stories from the Golden Age of Science Fiction. They date the Golden Age as beginning in 1939 and lasting until 1963.
This volume was originally published by DAW books in February 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19311559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311559" title="Control Alt Delete (film)">
Control Alt Delete (film)

Control Alt Delete is a 2008 comedy film set in an information technology firm just before the year 2000. Lead programmer Lewis Henderson is in charge of solving various Y2K bugs, but finds himself increasingly distracted by his computer-mediated sexual yearnings. At first, Lewis is simply attracted to Internet pornography, but, after he is abandoned by his girlfriend, he takes an interest in having sex with the computer itself. As New Year's Day, 2000 approaches, Henderson's work and romantic issues intensify; the movie follows the protagonist as he tries to resolve both the Y2K problem and his own personal issues.
Control Alt Delete is the feature length debut of Canadian director Cameron Labine. It stars his brother Tyler Labine, of CW's Reaper as Lewis Henderson. The film premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival. At the festival, Maximum bought the worldwide distribution rights to the film.
As of June 2010, the film remains unreleased, though it is being digitally distributed by Netflix via their streaming film rental service, where it has received predominantly favorable user reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="19311587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311587" title="Slate Range">
Slate Range

Slate Range may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19311601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311601" title="Portland Center Stage">
Portland Center Stage

Portland Center Stage (PCS) is a theater company based in Portland, Oregon, United States. Theater productions are presented at the Gerding Theater at the Armory in Portland's Pearl District. PCS was founded in 1988 as the northern sibling of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in Ashland, Oregon. It became an independent theater in 1993 and in 1994 Elizabeth Huddle became producing artistic director. Chris Coleman took over in 2000 as the company's fourth artistic director. Coleman hired design firm Sandstrom Design to help refocus the marketing strategy of PCS and increased the variety of productions.
The company began a capital campaign in 2004, and in 2006 moved into its current location at the Portland Armory, which includes two theaters, production facilities and office space. PCS puts on between seven and ten productions annually between September and June, and productions include classical, contemporary and premiere pieces. PCS has received positive commentary in regional guidebooks including "Best Places Northwest", "Best Places Portland" and "Moon Handbooks Oregon".
History.
1988–2000.
Portland Center Stage was founded in 1988, and was the "northern sibling" of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival (OSF) in Ashland, Oregon, and continued as a branch of OSF until 1994. The company was originally known as "Oregon Shakespeare Festival Portland". Its first production was "Heartbreak House". Dennis Bigelow was PCS's first artistic director and was let go by the OSF in 1992. A two-year transitional process began in 1993, during which the OSF maintained a supervisory role over PCS. "The Oregonian" reported that the OSF's artistic director Henry Woronicz "couldn't figure out how to integrate the two closely enough for his liking, and he was unwilling to have Portland go its own way without supervision".
The advisory board for Oregon Shakespeare Festival Portland was reformulated as the board of directors of the PCS, and Elizabeth Huddle was hired in May 1994 as the producing artistic director. Huddle had previously served on the PCS's search committee for a new artistic director, but decided to put her name in for consideration. In 1994 the PCS had a budget of US$2.2 million, and over 11,000 subscribers.
In May 1995 the company's financial numbers for its transitional 1994–1995 period with its new artistic director were reported to be a deficit of $240,000. The company experienced what "The Oregonian" described as a "jarring divorce" from the OSF. Huddle had been on the 1991 search committee for the OSF's artistic director Henry Woronicz, but he suddenly announced his resignation in June 1995 effective the following October citing "personal reasons". Huddle and the rest of the theater community were surprised by Woronicz's resignation. In 2000 PCS board president Julie Vigeland commented to "The Seattle Times" that after separating from OSF "it was a real challenge to form our own identity", but that Huddle "did a wonderful job helping us do that for the last six years".
2000–present.
Its current and fourth artistic director Chris Coleman took over in May 2000, and recruited experienced actors to the company. Coleman had previously co-founded Actor's Express in Atlanta, Georgia, and was the artistic director there. Coleman initially signed on for a three-year contract. Before Coleman began as artistic director with PCS, the company was already the largest live theater production company in Portland. However, the organization was facing sporadic attendance at performances as well as financial difficulties, with a deficit at the end of 1999 of $700,000. In 2000 PCS had a deficit of $880,000 and a base of 10,000 subscribers. The financial position of the company later stabilized, and Coleman had a 2000 budget of $3.2 million to work with when he came on. A 2003 consultant's report, however, found that PCS relied more heavily on gifts and grants to fund its operations than its peers around the company.
Coleman hired the Portland company Sandstrom Design to help with marketing. Sandstrom helped to improve the promotional materials of the organization, while Portland Center Stage modified the nature and style of its performances. Sandstrom Design produced a 56-page flyer that showed the performance schedule for the 2003–2004 season which was mailed to subscribers, potential customers, handed out at performances and placed around town. The promotional campaign stressed the unique qualities of a live theater performance as entertainment over television and film. PCS's productions were presented in the Winningstad and Newmark theatres in Portland through the 2005-2006 season. Portland Center Stage moved to the new Gerding Theater at the Armory beginning with the 2006-2007 season.
Portland Center Stage began a $32.9 million capital campaign in 2004, with the goal of building a new theater complex in the Portland Armory, a historic building in Portland. The company began usage of the Portland Armory space in September 2006. PCS received $150,000 from the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development in September 2006 for "renovations and upgrades to its facility", and an additional $500,000 as part of the "Portland Center Stage Armory Theater Energy Conservation Project".
The current theater facilities at the Portland Armory include "a 599-seat main stage theater, a smaller, 200-seat black box theater, administrative offices, a rehearsal hall and production facilities". The main theater in the Portland Armory is called the Gerding Theater. Seven productions are performed annually, from September through May. The company's productions include contemporary, classical pieces and modern premieres, in addition to a summer playwrights festival, (previously known as Just Add Water/West). PCS has approximately 8,000 subscribers and an annual audience of over 90,000.
Productions.
When Elizabeth Huddle became producing artistic director in 1994, a production schedule had already been set by the OSF's Pat Patton. Huddle made changes to her first season's schedule and decided to direct the first play of the season "Arms and the Man", instead of the previously scheduled play Jean Anouilh's translation of Sophocles' "Antigone". Portland Center Stage was nominated for "Best Production" in the 1994–95 Drammy Awards which recognize excellence in Portland theater, for "Arms and the Man".
Huddle was artistic director for the world premiere of the play "Comfort and Joy: A Play in Two Acts", which premiered at PCS on December 2, 1995. Huddle had commissioned playwright Jack Heifner to write "Comfort and Joy", which was the first time that Portland Center Stage had ever produced a new play. Huddle ended her time with the Portland Center Stage company in January 2000. One of Huddle's final productions with PCS was "A Christmas Carol", and her final production with the company was "Bus Stop".
Chris Coleman's first production after signing on with PCS in 2000 was the play "The Devils" by Elizabeth Egloff, based on the novel of the same name by Fyodor Dostoevsky. Theater critic Misha Berson of "The Seattle Times" described Coleman's choice as "an especially audacious departure for Portland Center Stage", though reviews in Portland media were mixed, it received a positive review in "The Oregonian" and from audience feedback. Other productions in the 2000–2001 season included Martin McDonagh's Irish comedy, "The Cripple of Inishmaan", "A Christmas Carol", Patrick Marber's "Closer", and adaptation of "Antigone", and the Northwest premiere of "A New Brain" by William Finn.
Coleman opened the 2006, 2007 and 2008 seasons at PCS with musicals. He opened the 2006 season with "West Side Story", and the 2007 season with "Cabaret". Other productions in the 2007–2008 season included "Doubt, a Parable", "Twelfth Night, and Sometimes a Great Notion". PCS received a total of 12 awards at the 29th annual Drammy Awards in June 2008, including "Outstanding Production" for "Twelfth Night". Coleman opened the 2008–2009 season with "Guys and Dolls", which "The Oregonian" and "Willamette Week" described as a timely choice in light of the Economic crisis of 2008.
Reception.
In her 2004 guide "Best Places Northwest" Giselle Smith wrote that PCS "offers excellent production values, whatever the play". In his 2004 book "Best Places Portland", author John Gottberg wrote positively of Portland Center Stage, commenting: "Portland's leading professional theater company is on a par with the country's best regional theaters." The 2007 guidebook "Moon Handbooks Oregon" notes that the company: "produces innovative and sometimes daring productions".

</doc>
<doc id="19311612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311612" title="This Present Wasteland">
This Present Wasteland

This Present Wasteland is the ninth studio album by heavy metal band Metal Church. The album was released September 26, 2008 in Europe. This is the first album to feature guitarist Rick Van Zandt.
"This Present Wasteland" sold about 920 copies in the U.S. in the week following its release. This was their last album before their second breakup from July 2009 to October 2012.
The album cover was chosen from contest entries submitted on Myspace. 
Reception.
Allmusic reviewer Alex Henderson stated that while the album was not "essential", it was "a solid and well-executed effort" by the band. Henderson singled out "Breathe Again", "Monster", "A War Never Won" and "Company of Sorrow" in particular as standout tracks on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19311614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311614" title="Pétur Guðmundsson (athlete)">
Pétur Guðmundsson (athlete)

Pétur Gudmundsson (born 9 March 1962) is a retired male shot putter from Iceland, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics and 1992 Summer Olympics. His personal best is 21.16 metres, thrown on 10 November 1990 in Mosfellsbær.

</doc>
<doc id="19311623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311623" title="Hem Bahadur Gurung">
Hem Bahadur Gurung

Hem Bahadur Gurung () is a Nepalese police officer. On September 14, 2008, he was appointed Inspector General of Police, the highest police rank of Nepal Police. His term had begun on September 18, 2008 and had ended in February of 2009. <br>
Hem Bahadur Gurung was the 21st IGP of Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="19311712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311712" title="Bill Lyon">
Bill Lyon

Bill Lyon (born 19 January 1886) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League in 1910 and 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="19311714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311714" title="John Key (disambiguation)">
John Key (disambiguation)

John Key is Prime Minister of New Zealand.
John Key may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19311719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311719" title="The March of the Guards to Finchley">
The March of the Guards to Finchley

The March of the Guards to Finchley, also known as The March to Finchley or The March of the Guards, is a 1750 oil-on-canvas painting by English artist William Hogarth, owned by the Thomas Coram Foundation for Children since 1750 and now housed at the Foundling Museum. Hogarth was well known for his satirical works, and "The March of the Guards to Finchley" has been said to have given full scope to this sense of satire; it was described by Hogarth himself as "steeped in humour".
The painting is a depiction of a fictional mustering of troops on the Tottenham Court Road to march north to Finchley to defend the capital from the second Jacobite rebellion of 1745, which was part of a series of uprisings that had been occurring since the late 17th century and were aimed at returning the Stuart Dynasty to the throne after the Glorious Revolution of 1688. It portrays the soldiers in a humorous light, placing exaggerated emphasis on their lack of training and respect for discipline.
"The March of the Guards to Finchley" was originally intended to be a gift to the incumbent King of England, George II. However, George II was insulted by the apparent jab at his best troops, and rejected it when it was offered to him. Upset at the King's spurning of his work, Hogarth opted to change the engraving and present the painting instead to the King of Prussia, Frederick II, who, being known for his skills as a soldier rather than an artist, was reportedly much more satisfied with the gift.
Historical background.
The Jacobite risings were a series of rebellions affecting all of the British Isles except for Wales and that occurred between 1688 and 1746, four years before the painting of "March of the Guards to Finchley". Centred on attempts by Jacobites to restore James II and his descendants, the House of Stuart, to the throne, there were two major uprisings, referred to as the "First" and "Second" "Jacobite Rebellions" respectively, the first having taken place in 1715 and the second thirty years later in 1745. This painting shows a fictional incident during the second rising.
The "'45" was the product of the disappointment of Charles Edward Stuart, the exiled Jacobite pretender, with the French's unwillingness to invade England to restore the House of Stuart to power. In 1744, Charles decided to finance the military and social costs of an uprising, believing that he would be able to take the kingdom. With the support of various Scottish Highland clans, Stuart was initially successful. The rebels defeated government forces at the Battle of Prestonpans, and captured Edinburgh. The Stuart army invaded England, passing through Carlisle and reaching Derby on 4 December. However, promised support from France failed to arrive, and, in the absence of an English popular uprising, Charles assented to the demand of his Council of War to return to Scotland. Eventually, the Stuart army was comprehensively defeated at Culloden Moor on 16 April 1746.
Painting.
Background.
Hogarth completed "March of the Guards to Finchley" in 1750. The work was initially meant as a gift to George II, and a print was sent before the release of the painting to the Royal Palace for his approval. However, George II had been expecting an artwork that honoured his most favoured guards, not mocked them – accounts state he was offended by what he considered an insult on Hogarth's part. The following dialogue is said to have taken place between George II and the deliverer of the portrait, the Earl of Harrington, when the painting was taken to the King for inspection:
Soon thereafter, the painting was returned to Hogarth, who was reportedly mortified by the King's response to what he considered to be one of his finest works. Hogarth later modified the inscription to read "the King of Prussia", rather than "the King of England", before presenting the work to Frederick II of Prussia, who met the work with more enthusiasm and acknowledgment of its artistry. However, Frederick II was certainly no expert on the arts, and he was more known on the battlefield; some have speculated that this explains his positive reception to a work depicting the English military in poor form.
The patriotism of the painting provides a satirical counterpoint to Hogarth's overt antipathy to the French, evident in his painting "The Gate of Calais", completed in 1748. Hogarth's later dedication of "March" to the King of Prussia further enforces this view; Frederick II was a renowned military strategist, but not an art connoisseur. The composition of the picture may have been inspired by Jean-Antoine Watteau's "Départ de Garnison".
An engraved version, by Hogarth's assistant, Luke Sullivan, was published shortly after the painting was completed, though Hogarth made further alterations to the engraving ten years later. The engraving was unusual in that it was not a reversed image of the original painting. Hogarth priced the published artwork for a price of seven shillings and sixpence each copy, rising to half a Guinea after the subscription closed. In advertisements for the painting, Hogarth referred to a subscription-based extra whereby buyers who deposited another three shillings on top of the seven and sixpence would be considered in a lottery for the ownership of the original copy, which would be delivered to the winning subscriber after the engraving had been finished. Hogarth's engraving of "A Stand of Arms, Musical Instruments, Etc." served as the subscription and lottery ticket. As noted by Hogarth in the 1 May 1750 edition of "The General Advertiser", this subscription offer ended on 30 April 1750. At the day of closure, there were 1843 chances sold and 167 chances still remaining in Hogarth's lottery, and he gave this remainder to the Foundling Hospital, an establishment to which he had, in the past, been a lucrative donor. Holding almost 10% of the tickets, the Hospital won the lottery and the original; Hogarth scholar Ronald Paulson considers the lottery was rigged from the start. The Hospital – now known as the Thomas Coram Foundation for Children – still owns the picture today. It is on display at the Foundling Museum.
Analysis.
The painting depicts a scene on Tottenham Court Road, a bustling street on the north side of London. The King's guard have rendezvoused there on their way to Scotland to engage the rebels, and numerous soldiers are caught amongst the crowd. Orderly lines of soldiers march away in the distance; meanwhile, a disarrayed, misshapen mass of soldiers engaging in a range of unbecoming behaviours crowds the foreground. Paradoxically, the work both highlights the dissolute and disreputable nature of the guardsmen and shows that they can be transformed into a disciplined fighting force, with the drummer and boy fifer summoning the soldiers to their duty.
In the approximate centre of the piece, two women apparently quarrel fiercely over the courtship of a grenadier. The woman to his right, an impregnated ballad-singer, carries a basket full of copies of "God Save the King", while the older woman to his left, dressed in dark priest's robes with a crucifix swinging around the neck, holds a rolled Jacobite newspaper above her head. Some critics have seen Hogarth's incorporation of the "God Save the King" text to represent public support for the Crown: English musician and author Percy Scholes said the painting symbolises the nation "wavering between the Hanoverian Protestant Succession and Stuart Romanist Succession", with "God Save the King" "thoroughly associated with the former."
Behind the three, another soldier and a milkmaid are caught in a passionate embrace. A drummer standing to the left is similarly the centre of feminine attention – perhaps his wife and child; behind, a man urinates against the tavern wall, pained by his venereal infection. Further to the right, near the edge of the painting, a drunken soldier has collapsed to the ground from his own intoxication; despite his state, he rejects the water his comrade behind him is offering him, and instead reaches for another measure of gin from the woman to his left. Soldiers directly behind him – one of whom clenches an upturned knife – are robbing the civilians. Nearby, a hungry guard gladly takes food from the platter of a pieman. To the left-hand-side of the middleground, a boxing match between two soldiers is underway, with an eager group of spectators onlooking. Across the street, numerous prostitutes holler down to the men from open windows of Mother Douglas's house, as do soldiers to their cohorts.
According to Hogarth, several of the more prominent soldiers featured in the painting – such as the grenadier, the drummer and the drunkard – were based from models observed before the creation of the artwork. Notable in particular among these is Lord Albemarle Bertie, who was used as the model for the man seen standing with fists clenched behind the two boxers.
Reception.
Critics have likened the chaotic scene of "The March of the Guards to Finchley" to the narrative of English satirist Henry Fielding's "Tom Jones". In his "Hogarth's Literary Relationships", Robert E. Moore states that the "elements" of comedy" in "The March of the Guards to Finchley" are "the very essence of Fielding's comedy as well":

</doc>
<doc id="19311729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311729" title="Rikhi">
Rikhi

Rikhi is a village situated on Mianwali-Rawalpindi road, on the northern side of Namal Lake. Rikhi is at a distance of 32 kilometers from Mianwali city. The name Rikhi originated from the name of Mountain waterfall Rikhi which starts from salt range usually during rainy season and coming down, passing through village rikhi and then it goes to Namal lake. Previously it was called Trikhi (Local Language word) meaning Fast Due to its Fast flow. But Later on, it changed from Trikhi to Rikhi. The people started living in Rikhi area after Shifting of population of Nammal Village. The nammal village was exactly at same place where now Nammal lake exist. During British rule, when nammal lake was given shape of Lake and nammal Dam was Constructed, then people living there shifted to surrounding areas like Rikhi, Kalri etc. This village is part of Moza Kalri. Rikhi is part of Union Council Thamewali. Police station for Rikhi is in Chakrala.
Population predominantly belongs to the Sighaal Awan clan of Awan Tribe. Further Sub classification of clans is also there. So known clans of Awan Tribe are Atral, Seelo, Dhukki, Baber Khel, charagh khel. However, Nasiri Khel caln residing at Rikhi belongs to Khokhar tirbe. This is the first village of Awankari region;if coming from Mianwali then later on going towards Talagang Rawalpindi road, all the area is owned by AWANS and The AWANs are sole occupants of this region for last many centuries.(according to mianwali gazetteer) The village is situated at northern bank of Nammal Lake. Nammal College set up by Imran Khan is also situated near this village.

</doc>
<doc id="19311746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311746" title="Frank Macky">
Frank Macky

Frank Macky is a former Australian rules footballer who played with University.

</doc>
<doc id="19311783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311783" title="William D. Marshall">
William D. Marshall

William D. "Willie" Marshall (born 9 July 1884) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19311796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311796" title="St. John Ellis">
St. John Ellis

St. John Ellis (3 October 1964 — 31 December 2005 (aged 41)) was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, and coach of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and at club level York, Featherstone Rovers, Castleford Tigers, Bradford Bulls, South Queensland Crushers, Halifax, Keighley, Hunslet, and Doncaster, and coaching at club level for Doncaster Lakers. St. John Ellis was born in York, his forename was inspired after his mother saw news presenter Annie St John on television. St. John Ellis worked as a plasterer during much of his rugby league career, he died of a heart attack following a pre-season training session for Doncaster in Castleford.
Playing career.
International honours.
St. John Ellis won caps for Great Britain while at Castleford in 1991 against France 2-matches (sub), and in 1994 against France (sub).
Regal Trophy final appearances.
St. John Ellis played Right-, i.e. number 2, in Castleford Tigers' 33-2 victory over Wigan in the 1993–94 Regal Trophy final at Headingley Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 22 January 1994.
Career records.
Castleford's most tries scored in a match record is 5-tries, and is jointly held by; Derek Foster against Hunslet on 10 November 1972, John Joyner against Millom on 16 September 1973, Stephen Fenton against Dewsbury on 27 January 1978, Ian French against Hunslet on 9 February 1986, and St. John Ellis against Whitehaven on 10 December 1989.
Honoured at Castleford.
St. John Ellis is a Tigers Hall Of Fame Inductee.

</doc>
<doc id="19311835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311835" title="Dragan Perić">
Dragan Perić

Dragan Perić (, born 8 May 1964) is a retired Serbian shot putter who occasionally competed in the discus throw. He holds the Serbian records in both events. He participated four consecutive Summer Olympics from 1992 to 2004, in eight World Championships from 1991 to 2005 and three European Championships from 1990 to 1998.
Early career and international medals.
He was born in Živinice, Tuzla, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, but represented the clubs AK Sloboda Tuzla, AK Slavonija Osijek, AK Partizan and AK Crvena Zvezda in Belgrade. Before athletics, Dragan practised boxing. His former coaches were Nikola Tomasović, Dmitar Marčeta and Veljko Čegar . His first European Championships was in 1990 in Split in his home country (then) Yugoslavia. Perić finished twelfth in the shot put final. He then finished seventh at the 1991 World Championships, seventh at the 1992 Olympic Games, fifth at the 1993 World Championships. In 1994 he won the silver medal at the European Indoor Championships, and finished sixth at both the 1994 European Championships and the IAAF Grand Prix Final. After that he won the bronze medal at the 1995 World Indoor Championships.
He passed the 19-metre barrier in 1988 with 19.92 metres, achieved in August in Osijek, and the 20-metre barrier in 1988 with 20.42 metres, achieved in September in Kranj. He improved this further to 20.47 metres in 1991, 20.91 metres in 1992 and 21.26 metres in 1993, all achieved in Belgrade. Two more meagre years followed before he came close in 1996 with 20.90 metres, achieved in August in Niš.
Later career.
After his success with international medals, the achievements became rarer. He finished eighth at the 1996 Olympic Games, fourth at the 1998 European Indoor Championships, fourth at the 1998 European Championships, sixth at the 1999 World Championships and fifth at the 2001 World Championships. He also competed at the 1997 World Championships, the 2000 Olympic Games, the 2003 World Championships, the 2004 Olympic Games and the 2005 World Championships without reaching the final.
Perić became Balkan champion in 1996, 1998 and 2003.
He became Yugoslav shot put champion every year from 1991 through 2001, except for one year, 1995. He also became discus champion in 1992, 1993, 1994 and 1997. When the country Serbia and Montenegro was formed he won several national titles there too.
He set his personal best in the shot put in this period, with 21.77 metres in April 1998 in Bar, Montenegro. He never threw over 21 metres again. He failed to even pass 20 metres in 2000 and 2002, but continued setting such marks for some years. His last season over 20 metres was in 2006, when he put 20.34 metres in September in Zenica. In the discus throw his personal best throw was 61.94 metres, achieved in May 1991 in Belgrade. Both results are Serbian records.

</doc>
<doc id="19311838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311838" title="H26">
H26

H26 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19311861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311861" title="Allan McCracken">
Allan McCracken

Robert "Allan" McCracken (born 13 April 1889) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

</doc>
<doc id="19311874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311874" title="H27">
H27

H27 or H 27 may refer to :
and also : 

</doc>
<doc id="19311886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311886" title="Cadbury family">
Cadbury family

The Cadbury family is a prominent British family of industrialists descending from Richard Tapper Cadbury.

</doc>
<doc id="19311890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311890" title="Mocoví people">
Mocoví people

The Mocoví are an indigenous tribe of the Gran Chaco. They live in Chaco Province and Santa Fe Province of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19311904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311904" title="Schmieder v. Barney">
Schmieder v. Barney

Schmieder v. Barney, , regards the Act of July 14, 1862, § 9, 12 Stat. 553, which imposes a duty, "On all delaines . . . and on all goods of similar description, not exceeding in value forty cents per square yard, two cents per square yard." Held that the similarity required is a similarity in product, in adaptation to uses, and in uses, even though in commerce they may be classed as different articles; affirming Greenleaf v. Goodrich, 101 U. S. 278. 
The court found that it was competent to inquire of a witness in a suit to recover back duties paid under this clause of the act of 1862 whether the words "of similar description" is a commercial term, and if so what is its commercial meaning; but it was not competent to inquire whether the particular goods, alleged to have been improperly subjected to duty, were of similar description to delaines.
It was contended in this case that the plaintiffs in error went further than was done and that they offered to prove that in commerce "Saxony dress goods" were not considered as of "similar description" to delaines. It is argued that this brings the case within what should be taken as an exception reserved in the former decision. The exception claimed is drawn from the following clause in the opinion:
Undoubtedly the language of tariff acts is to be construed according to its commercial signification, but it will always be understood to have the same meaning in commerce that it has in the community at large, unless the contrary is shown. Swan v. Arthur, 103 U. S. 598. The most that can be claimed for the alleged reservation in Greenleaf v. Goodrich is that it would have been proper to inquire whether the phrase "of similar description" was a commercial term, and if so what it was understood by merchants and importers to mean. That, however, is not what was attempted in this case. The witnesses were asked in effect not what the words "of similar description" were understood among commercial men to mean, but whether the goods of these importers were known in commerce as goods of similar description to delaines.
The effort was to put the opinion of commercial experts in the place of that of the jury upon a question which was as well understood by the community at large as by merchants and importers. This it was decided in Greenleaf v. Goodrich could not be done, and upon the point supposed to have been reserved in that decision, this case stands just where that did. The testimony offered was therefore properly rejected.
The opinions of the collector of the port and of the board of official appraisers were no more admissible on this question than those of any other competent experts.
The judgment was affirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="19311905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311905" title="Wayde">
Wayde

Wayde may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19311907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311907" title="H28">
H28

H28 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19311913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311913" title="Lorenzo Hierrezuelo">
Lorenzo Hierrezuelo

Lorenzo Hierrezuelo ("Hierrezuelo la O", El Caney 5 September 1907 – Havana, 16 November 1993) was a Cuban trova musician, a singer, guitarist and composer. His face showed clear signs of Indian descent: he was an Indo-mulatto (one of his grandmothers was a Siboney). He was the son and nephew of soneros, and he grew up in the ambiance of this type of Cuban music and dance. At ten, he was singing in Santiago de Cuba; at thirteen he formed a trio with two friends: the trio eventually left for Havana. They sang in cafés and private houses. 
He worked for most of his life in duos with three important Cuban trovadors. When his two friends returned to Oriente, Lorenzo met María Teresa Vera, and formed a duo with her in 1937. Later, with Compay Segundo (Francisco Repilado), he formed the duo "Los Compadres"; lastly he continued under the same title with his brother, Reinaldo Hierrezuelo, known as Rey Caney. He also had a sister, Caridad Hierrezuelo, who was a singer in the guaracha style. "Los Compadres" became a successful touring act, singing in most countries of the Americas. Lorenzo and his brother remained based in Cuba for the rest of their lives. Reinaldo became a member of the "Vieja Trova Santiaguera". 
Lorenzo composed a large number of sones, boleros and guarachas, such as "Barbarita tiene novio", "Cantando mi son yo me muero", "Caña quema", "Culpable no soy", "El hule de Tomasita", "Ese palo tiene jutía", "Mal tiempo", "Mi son oriental", "Rita la caimana", "Sarandonga".

</doc>
<doc id="19311914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311914" title="Basketball Times">
Basketball Times

Basketball Times is an American basketball magazine that has been in circulation since 1978, and is published by Akers Ink LLC. "Basketball Times" publishes monthly and mainly focuses on college basketball.
History.
"Basketball Times" was launched in October 1978, created by Jay Myers and financed by Edward Bomze. The magazine began as a weekly, during basketball season, that catered to the NBA as much as it did the college game. "Basketball Times" lasted about two years under Myers and Bomze. Larry Donald purchased "Basketball Times" in 1980.
While running "Basketball Times", Donald was cited 19 times by the United States Basketball Writers Association in its annual writing contest. In 1998, he was presented the Curt Gowdy Award by the Basketball Hall of Fame for service to the sport over his career.
After Donald died of an apparent heart attack in November 2000, his wife Nanci continued to run "Basketball Times". John Akers, the managing editor of BT from 2001–11, became publisher of Basketball Times in September 2011".
Magazine features.
‘Under the Radar’ -- Done annually for the past five seasons, every projected Division I starter is ran through an efficiency rating known as the "Larry Bird formula" - a plus/minus system of positive and negative statistics - and takes note of those players who jump out unexpectedly. They then run those players through another filter - testing their efficiency again, but against better teams - before making final decisions.
"Basketball Times" Players of the Year:
"Basketball Times" Coaches of the Year:
Writers and Editors.
Editors and Contributors for "Basketball Times" have included:

</doc>
<doc id="19311921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311921" title="Mick Clough">
Mick Clough

Ralph James "Mick" Clough (22 October 1927 – 12 August 2008) was an Australian politician, He was an Australian Labor Party Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1976 to 1981, representing the electorate of Blue Mountains and representing the electorate of Bathurst from 1981 to 1988 and again from 1991 to 1999.
Private life.
Clough was born to Michael "Gordon" Clough and Irene Clough (née Smith) in Warialda, New South Wales on 22 October 1927. Although christened Ralph James he was known as "little Mick" after his father.
Clough attended schools in Warialda, Granville, Hornsby and then St Patrick's College, Strathfield.
Early years.
After leaving school he followed his father's occupation and worked for the Postmaster-General's Department then Australia Post as a telegraphist and postmaster for a total of 34 years in New South Wales, South Australia and Western Australia before entering politics. As a telegram boy during World War II, he was often an unwelcome sight, bringing bad news of loved ones. He served as a member of the Citizens Military Force from 1948 to 1964.
In 1951, Clough, aged 24, married Doreen Frost and they had three children: Elizabeth, Peter and David. Peter Clough went on to play interstate cricket for Tasmania and Western Australia, and was inducted into the Tasmanian Cricket Hall of Fame.
Having joined the Australian Labor Party in 1948, Clough stood unsuccessfully in the 1973 State election for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in the electoral district of Blue Mountains. He entered public office as an alderman on the Blue Mountains City Council from 1974 to 1979.
New South Wales state political career.
In 1976 Clough again contested the seat of Blue Mountains, this time winning the election and reversing the victory of the independent sitting member Harold Coates three years earlier. Clough was subsequently re-elected in the 1978 State election.
In the 1981 State election, following an electoral boundary adjustment, Clough stood for election in the electoral district of Bathurst which he won defeating Country Party of Australia sitting member, Clive Osborne with a margin of 0.05%. He was subsequently re-elected to that seat in the 1984 State election.
At the 1988 State election, Clough lost the seat to Liberal candidate David Berry. He contested the 1991 State election, regaining the seat from Berry. Clough retained the seat at the 1995 State election. He decided not to contest the 1999 State election and retired from public life. Former Lithgow Mayor, Gerard Martin, successfully retained the seat for Labor.
Clough did not achieve a higher office during his lengthy parliamentary career. (He did, however, serve as Acting Chairman of Committees for a short time in 1997).
Friends and colleagues recalled Clough as a tough fighter for his electorate. During his terms in office his achievements included Bathurst's Macquarie Homes retirement village. He was a strong opponent of privatisation of power stations, financial deregulation and cuts to local services.
After politics.
Following his retirement from politics in 1999, Clough and his wife Doreen operated the Coolawin Gardens Motel in Nambucca Heads.
In 2002 Clough retired to Perth, Western Australia where he died on 12 August 2008 following a long battle with bowel cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19311924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311924" title="The Camel's Back">
The Camel's Back

"The Camel's Back" is the third album by Psapp.
"The Monster Song" was released as the album's first single on 3 November 2008 in the UK. "I Want That" was released as the second single in the UK on 30 March 2009. At this time, no singles have been announced or made available for the US market.
Personnel.
Psapp
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="19311959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311959" title="Extempore">
Extempore

"Extempore" (alternate title "The Beach Where Time Began") is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight. It first appeared in the August 1956 issue of "Infinity Science Fiction" and has been reprinted twice, in "Far Out" (1961) and "The Best of Damon Knight" (1976).
Synopsis.
Albert Rossi, a New York dishwasher, learns to travel through time. Once started, he continues at an accelerated pace, continuing until the end of time and then starting over. By an effort of will he manages to stop at a "scarlet beach with its golden laughing people". But he is now frozen in time forever and appears to the beachcombers as a rock-hard, immobile statue.
Background.
About this story, Knight wrote 
Here is another of my time stories, put together out of bits and pieces of Far Rockaway, Milne, Einstein, etc. (I don't see why the speculations of modern physicists shouldn't be used as incantations.) I don't think "Extempore" is terribly probable, but see for yourself.

</doc>
<doc id="19311968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311968" title="James Gallagher (Irish politician)">
James Gallagher (Irish politician)

James Gallagher (20 April 1920 – 11 March 1983) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A farmer before entering politics, Gallagher was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Sligo–Leitrim constituency at the 1961 general election. He was re-elected at the 1965 and 1969 general elections. He did not contest the 1973 general election but he stood again at the 1977 general election and was again elected for Sligo–Leitrim. He did not contest the 1981 general election and retired from politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19311978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311978" title="Saulius Kleiza">
Saulius Kleiza

Saulius Kleiza (born April 2, 1964 in Kaunas) is a retired shot putter and discus thrower from Lithuania, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996. His personal best in the shot put event is 20.91 metres, thrown on 13 May 1987 in Leselidze.

</doc>
<doc id="19311983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311983" title="Walter Sisulu National Botanical Garden">
Walter Sisulu National Botanical Garden

The Walter Sisulu National Botanical Garden ("previously known as the Witwatersrand National Botanical Garden") is a botanical reserve in Roodepoort near Johannesburg. Formally established in 1982, it is one of the youngest of South Africa's National Botanical Gardens, but the site where it is located has been popular with visitors for many decades before that. The garden is home to a well known pair of Verreaux's Eagles that nest in the Roodekrans ridge which intersects the reserve. The garden has a restaurant, gift shop and nursery which sells South African native plants. The Garden has been recognized as one of the most beautiful botanical gardens in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19311989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19311989" title="H30">
H30

H30 or H-30 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19312013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312013" title="Cooyar railway line">
Cooyar railway line

The Cooyar railway line was a branch line in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia. The small town of Cooyar is about halfway to Kingaroy in the South Burnett region. A plan to connect Kingaroy to the south via Cooyar did not eventuate and left Cooyar at the terminus of a branch line running from Oakey west of Toowoomba. It was opened on 28 April 1913 after previous stages to Kulpi and Peranga opened on 29 April 1912 and 4 November 1912 respectively. The line was partially closed beyond Acland on 1 May 1964, with the last segment closed on 8 December 1969.
Services.
Mixed trains initially ran four times a week and were replaced in 1929 by a daily rail motor service to Toowoomba. The line connected the small towns of Acland, Kulpi, Peranga, Narko, Nutgrove, Wutul and Cooyar to the Queensland Rail western line at Oakey until 1964. This provided passenger and farm produce services not only to these towns but also to the surrounding townships of Quinalow, Maclagan and Evergreen.
Coal was transported between Acland and Oakey, this portion of the branch line remained in service until 1969. A similar parallel branch line existed connected Haden to the Western Line at Kingsthorpe from 1910 to 1964. As the competing service of bullock carts gave way to motor vehicles rail patronage declined resulting in both services becoming uneconomical to maintain.
With negligible track remaining the Oakey-Cooyar branch line could all but be overlooked as a fading scar on the landscape, it retains its significance however through the still intact Muntapa Tunnel. A feat of early Queensland Railways engineering achievement, the Muntapa Tunnel remains the only tunnel in Queensland to pass under the summit of Eastern Australia's Great Dividing Range. This tunnel was constructed with manual labour. It is now home to a colony of bats.
The Oakey-Cooyer branch line is also of early surveying significance. Rail engineering practice of the period avoided the construction of tunnels, so significant surveying was undertaken to avoid tunnelling and to minimise rail gradients. The largest gradient of a line mandates a larger, more expensive loco or a de-rating of carrying capacity, both of which would result in a less economical service for the line as a whole. The Oakey-Cooyar branch line was repeatedly surveyed to arrive at its built route, which had a negligible gradient over its length, but which required the 300m tunnel. The low gradient required a devious route, particularly at Narko and adjacent to the tunnel.

</doc>
<doc id="19312027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312027" title="Chan Kin-por">
Chan Kin-por

Chan Kin-por, BBS, JP (; born 1954, Hong Kong with family roots in Chaozhou, Guangdong) (known as 'KP') is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Functional constituency, Insurance).
After serving as the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong office of Munich Re for four years, Chan became a member of the Munich Re China Advisory Board and focused on his Legislative Council role. Prior to that, he was the Assistant General Manager and Head of Insurance Group of Hang Seng Bank. and Chair of the Hong Kong Federation of Insurers.
In the run-up to the 23 June 2010 Legco vote on the Hong Kong government's 2009 reform package, he offered his support if it included the Democratic Party's compromise proposal to have the five new district council functional constituency seats returned by popular election.

</doc>
<doc id="19312039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312039" title="Shōjō">
Shōjō

A is a kind of Japanese sea spirit with red face and hair and a fondness for alcohol. The legend is the subject of a Noh play of the same name. There is a Noh mask for this character, as well as a type of Kabuki stage makeup, that bear the name. The Chinese characters are also a Japanese (and Chinese) word for orangutan, and can also be used in Japanese to refer to someone who is particularly fond of alcohol.
Chinese origins.
Mythical creatures named "shēng shēng" (狌狌) or "xīng xīng" (猩猩) are mentioned in three passages of the "Shan Hai Jing" ("The Classic of Mountains and Seas"). Birrell, who translates the creature's name as "live-lively", thus translates the passages:
The Chinese character Birrell translates as "green" (青, qīng) is also used to refer to colors that in English would be considered "blue," (see "Distinguishing blue from green in language") and that illustrator Sun Xiao-qin (孫暁琴, Sūn Xiǎo-qín), in "Illustrated Classics: Classic of Mountains and Seas" (经典图读山海经, Jīng Diǎn Tú Dú Shān Hǎi Jīng) chose to portray the "xīng xīng" from this same passage as having blue fur.
Birrell also includes the following note on the creature:
In Cryptozoology.
In Cryptozoology, the shojo is often referred to as "xing-xing" and is believed to be a mainland orangutan. Bernard Heuvelmans lists this as an entry in his Annotated Checklist of Apparently Unknown Animals With Which Cryptozoology is Concerned, In CRYPTOZOOLOGY, Vol. 5, 1986,on page 16
Nature, folklore, and popular culture.
There is a tale involving the "shōjō" and white sake. There was a gravely sick man whose dying wish was to drink sake. His son searched for it near Mount Fuji and came across the red "shōjō", who were having a drinking party on the beach. The "shōjō" gave him some sake after listening to his plea. Since the sake revived the dying father, the son went back to the spirit to get more sake each day for five days. A greedy neighbor who also wanted the sake became sick after drinking it. He forced the son to take him to the "shōjō" to get the good sake. The "shōjō" explained that as his heart wasn't pure, the sacred sake would not have life-restoring benefits, but instead had poisoned the neighbor. The neighbor repented, and the "shōjō" gave him some medicine to cure him. The father and the neighbor brewed white sake together.
Several plants and animals have "shōjō" in their names for their bright, reddish-orange color. Examples include several Japanese maple trees, one of them named "shōjō-no-mai" or "dancing red-faced monkey" and another named "shōjō nomura" or "beautiful red-faced monkey." Certain bright reddish-orange dragonflies are named , meaning "red-faced dragonfly." Other names with "shōjō" refer to real or fancied connections to sake, like the fly that tends to swarm around open saké.
The Kyōgen-influenced Noh play "shōjō" or "shōjō midare" features a "shōjō" buying sake, getting drunk and dancing ecstatically, then rewarding the sake seller by making his sake vat perpetually refill itself. The "shōjō" from the play have been made into wooden dolls ("nara ningyō"), they are one of the "most common" wooden dolls derived from Noh plays. "Shōjō" dolls are used to ward against smallpox.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animated film "Princess Mononoke", talking, ape-like creatures struggling to protect the forest from human destruction by planting trees are identified as "shōjō".
Shōjō appeared in a 2005 Japanese film "The Great Yokai War".
The Japanese artist Kawanabe Kyōsai, who was also known for his heavy drinking and eccentric behavior, humorously referred to himself as a "shōjō".
The March 30, 2012, episode of the television series "Supernatural", "Party on, Garth," featured a shōjō as the monster of the week. Although, this shōjō appeared to have features more associated with the onryō.

</doc>
<doc id="19312042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312042" title="H31">
H31

H31 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19312046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312046" title="Sternwarte Bülach">
Sternwarte Bülach

Sternwarte Bülach is an observatory near Bülach, Canton of Zurich, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19312063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312063" title="Emma Davis">
Emma Davis

Emma Davis (born Bangor, County Down. March 27, 1986) is an Irish triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Emma became Ireland's first ever Olympic qualifier for the Triathlon when her 15th place at the 2008 World Championships guaranteed her enough ranking points. She finished 37th in the Triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics event. She currently competes around the globe racing on the ETU Cup and ITU Triathlon World Cup series.
Emma was the Biathle World Champion in 2007.
Emma is now retired from triathlon and biathlon competition, and, having qualified as a sports therapist, now works at Maple Leaf Chiropractic & Wellness clinic in Weybridge, Surrey, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19312065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312065" title="School of Philosophy">
School of Philosophy

School of Philosophy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312067" title="Lev Lyulyev">
Lev Lyulyev

Lev Veniaminovych Lyulyev (March 17 (O.S. 4) 1908, Kiev, Russian Empire — November 1, 1985, Moscow, USSR) was a Soviet designer of artillery, anti-aircraft rockets, and SA missile systems. He was the chief designer of the OKB-8 (later NPO Novator which currently bears his name) between 1946 and 1985 and the Doctor of Technical Sciences (AS USSR, 1966). He was awarded the Hero of Socialist Labour twice in 1966 and in 1985 and was the Laureate of the 1967 Lenin and 1948 and 1977 State Prizes.
Lyulyev was educated at the Kiev Polytechnic Institute (KPI) from 1927 to 1933. In 1941, he was evacuated to Sverdlovsk with the factory and appointed Vice Chief designer of the 8th Factory (known as JSC MZiK since 1994). In the years of the Second World War the factory produced about 20 thousand artillery guns and their mountings and participated in the modernisation process of the 85 mm KS-1 gun, also
organising the production of 85 mm D-5 guns and 100 mm D-10 guns for the SAUs (self-propelled artillery vehicles) SU-85 and SU-100.
On June 25, 1945, Lyulyev was promoted to Chief designer of the Factory №8. 1945-1947 he developed the 85 mm zenith gun KS-18 and the experimental 100 mm zenith gun KS-19 in 1947, which became the prototype of the next generation zenith guns before the SA guided missiles came. He also started the development of 130 mm zenith gun KS-30.
In 1947, he was also appointed a Chief designer of Sverdlovsk Machine-Building Plant №8, where he formed the Chief designer division (OGK) - later OKB-8 of the Ministry of Aviation Industry (translit. Ministerstvo Aviatsionnoy Promishlennosti, MAP) for the purpose of development of large caliber anti-aircraft artillery systems. In 1957, Lyulyec developed the most powerful KN-52 zenith gun. In 1958, OKB-8 decided to move to the development of anti-aircraft missile systems. Under his leadership those SA missiles were developed:

</doc>
<doc id="19312076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312076" title="Turning Point (UK band)">
Turning Point (UK band)

Turning Point were a late 1970s fusion band from the UK. The band was formed by Jeff Clyne (bass) and Brian Miller (keyboards), who had previously played together in Isotope, and Pepi Lemer (wordless vocals). Also in the band were David Tidball (saxes) and Paul Robinson (drums). They recorded two albums: "Creatures of the Night" (1977) and "Silent Promise" (1978), both on the Gull label.
They toured the UK, including supporting National Health in 1977. Their final tour in 1980 included Allan Holdsworth, Neil Ardley and Gary Husband.
P. Lemer was the then-wife (later divorced) of Pete Lemer and went on to become a vocal coach, including working with The Spice Girls. Robinson later worked with Nina Simone. Miller worked on the musical "Cats" for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="19312089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312089" title="H32">
H32

H32 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19312115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312115" title="Nitish Roy">
Nitish Roy

Nitish Roy is an Indian film art director, production designer, and costume designer in Hindi cinema and a Bengali Film Director, who is also known for his work with art cinema directors, Shyam Benegal, Mrinal Sen and Govind Nihlani, Hindi mainstream cinema, directors like Rajkumar Santoshi, as well as international directors like Mira Nair and Gurinder Chadha.

</doc>
<doc id="19312116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312116" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's hammer throw">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's hammer throw

These are the official results of the Men's hammer throw event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total number of 25 participating athletes.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19312126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312126" title="H33">
H33

H33, H.33 or H-33 may refer to :
and also:

</doc>
<doc id="19312140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312140" title="Shivering Spooks">
Shivering Spooks

Shivering Spooks is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 52nd "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19312144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312144" title="Kendal Nezan">
Kendal Nezan

Condom Nezan is a French-Kurdish nuclear physicist and president of the Kurdish Institute of Paris. He is also a board member of the Washington Kurdish Institute.
In 1975, Nezan established the France-Kurdistan Society, which included the leading French intellectual Jean-Paul Sartre.
Nezan maintains close relations with numerous European governments and the European Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19312150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312150" title="Pre-Columbian history of Costa Rica">
Pre-Columbian history of Costa Rica

The pre-Columbian history of Costa Rica extends from the establishment of the first settlers until the arrival of Christopher Columbus to the Americas.
Archaeological evidence allows us to date the arrival of the first humans to Costa Rica to between 7000 and 10,000 BC. By the second millennium BC sedentary farming communities already existed. Between 300 BC and AD 300 many communities moved from a tribal, clan-centric organization – kinship-based, rarely hierarchical and dependent on self-sustenance – to a hierarchical one, with "caciques" (chiefs), religious leaders or shamans, artisan specialists and so on. This social organization arose from the need to organize manufacture and trade, manage relations with other communities and plan offensive and defensive activities. These groups established broader territorial divisions to produce more food and control wider sources of raw materials.
From the 9th century certain villages grew in size, and the latter-period chiefdoms of the 16th century came to develop greater social hierarchies and major improvements in infrastructure.
Ancient history.
First settlers.
The presence of humans in the Americas was a much later phenomenon than on other continents. The first humans are barely dated to around 40,000 to 50,000 BC, and some even suggest a later date. In any case, the concentration of ice over the continents during the last Ice Age caused the oceans to recede by about 120 meters (400 feet), allowing groups of hunters from northeast Asia to move eastward in pursuit of great herds of animals. The traveled to North America and settled there in several waves, and over the course of several millennia and through successive generations, the descendants of these hunters spread out throughout the Americas and her neighboring islands.
There is archaeological evidence that places the arrival of the first humans to Costa Rica between 7,000 and 10,000 BC. In the valley of Turrialba sites have been found in areas where quarry and tradesman tools such as bifaces were manufactured. It is thought that these first settlers of Costa Rica belonged to small nomadic groups of around 20 to 30 members bound by kinship, which moved continually to hunt animals and gather roots and wild plants. In addition to the species that still exist today, their usual prey animals included the so-called mega-fauna such as giant armadillos, sloths and mastodons.
Mesolithic Period.
Around 8000 BC climatic changes brought about the end of the last Ice Age. The increase in temperature caused substantial changes in vegetation and saw the extinction of the mega-fauna, through either the disappearance of the plants they consumed, excessive predation by hunter or a combination of both. The hunter-gatherers had to develop strategies to adapt to new conditions, and they continued by hunting smaller species such as tapirs, collared peccary and deer. The new wealth of tropical vegetation, moreover, helped them to survive through all times of year.
It is thought that human groups remained small, about 30 to 100 members, organized in nomadic or semi-nomadic bands devoted to hunting and gathering. However, the knowledge of the local environment allowed them to plan their travels though different areas based on the periodic ripening of certain fruits and the growth of familiar plants (that would later form the basis of agriculture) as well as the availability of other resources. Along these familiar paths they could find temporary shelter under rock ledges, or establish outdoor camps with "tapavientos" (windbreaker walls based on the cipresillo tree) or other temporary structures.
Tradesman work areas, campfire pits and other fragmentary evidence of life in these groups have been found in the Turrialba valley and in various spots around Guanacaste. The manufacturing of specialized tools for various activities continued, and artifacts from this era such as scrapers, knives and spear tips display differences in form and size relative to those of the mega-fauna hunters.
Neolithic Period.
By 5000 BC it became common to farm tubers and corn, as well as cultivate fruit trees and palm trees. Agriculture emerged slowly, stemming from knowledge of the annual cycles of nature and the progressive domestication of familiar plants. This development occurred over thousands of years and coexisted with traditional hunting and gathering, but it afforded a certain amount of stability. To ensure subsistence of these groups there had to exist forms of collective work and property, as well as egalitarian relationships.
Between 2000 BC and 300 BC, some communities of early farmers became egalitarian societies. The development of agriculture prompted changes in the relationship between humans and nature, and allowed them to feed many more people. Furthermore, the ever-growing dependence on agriculture compelled human groups to establish permanent settlements around agricultural fields. This led to stable villages of huts that had to be erected in clear areas of the forest. The agricultural system most likely employed was slash-and-burn: The forest would be cut with stone axes and spades then burned to prepare it for planting crops. Agricultural practices included vegeculture, semiculture or a combination of both.
Vegeculture (cultivation of plants on stakes) came about by farming tubers (yucas, yams, sweet potatoes) and diverse palms and trees (avocados, nances), in combination with hunting and fishing. This activity was very stable, since it demanded few nutrients from the soil, rarely caused erosion and could be developed in hilly areas. By such means, societies based on vegeculture would change very slowly.
In contrast to vegeculture, semiculture (cultivation of plants from seeds) had a greated effect on the environment, because it required more nutrients from the soil and caused greater erosion. In return, this system had a big advantage: it make food easier to store so that it could be made available all year, not just around harvest time. This led to larger societies where functions would be diversified. The primary semicultural activity was the production of corn, as well as associated plants such as beans and "ayotes" (a type of gourd related to the pumpkin).
Throughout the 2nd millennium BC there existed in Costa Rica small, disperse villages, non-nomadic agricultural communities that used ceramic bowls and utensils, and tools made from wood, bone and stone for agricultural tasks and food preparation. The oldest of these agricultural village communities (2000–500 BC) has been found in the province of Guanacaste. More recent ones (1500–300 BC) have been discovered in the Turrialba Valley, the coastal region of Gandoca, the northern plains, Sarapiquí Basin, Barva, Herradura, the Térraba River Basin, the Coto Colorado River Basin and Isla del Caño.
Societal evolution.
Egalitarian societies.
In the beginning, the social organization of these groups would've been of a tribal or clan-based nature, with egalitarian relationships between individuals and organizations, in clans or groups whose members were or would consider themselves to be descended from a common ancestry. Such ties would have served as a foundation for economic and political relations; the leadership would've been informal and ownership of goods would've been collective. However, agriculture, sendentarism and a broadening demographic would've prompted the formation of higher classes of society, and the advent of leaders who built organizations well-suited to manage food production and distribution, calm disputes and so on. Important figures such as the shaman (a kind of priest), physician and witch doctor would have overseen religious and spiritual life.
Early chiefdoms.
With dependency on agriculture came the need for efficient territorial control, to ensure the availability of suitable farmlands and improvement of productive techniques. Soil depletion and the consequent necessity to rotate crops, as well as a steady increase in the population, also made it essential to expand a group's sphere of territorial dominance. Almost inevitably, this brought about the rise of armed conflict with other groups.
Between 300 BC and 300 AD, many villager-egalitarian communities in Costa Rica moved from a tribal, clan-centric organization – kinship-based, rarely hierarchical and dependent on self-sustenance – to a villager-chief organization, with chiefs and elders, religious leaders or shamans, specialist artisans, people of hereditary power and so on. These chiefdoms likely arose from the need to organize production and trade, manage relations with other communities and plan offensive and defensive initiatives.
These chiefdom groups in general established territorial divisions that were more strongly demarcated than those in tribal times, and were able to expand their geographical spheres of domination to produce more food and control expanding sources of raw materials (forests, quarries, etc.). These groups also developed trading networks with other communities and regions.
Other villages grew and became centers of economic, political and religious power. Some studies refer to these new forms of organization as complex chiefdoms. The appearance of these types of chiefdoms also led to higher-level hierarchies, with principal villages and secondary towns. From around 300 BC there began to appear large villages with intrastructural works of various importance (foundations, roads and burial mounds), that indicate a certain centralization of authority and managerial capacity to mobilize communities for construction tasks. There might emerge a primary chief in the dominant village and as well as secondary chiefs in subordinate villages. Among the principal archeological testaments to this era, it is fitting to mention diverse housing sites in the Nicoya Peninsula, housing structures at the sites of Severo Ledesma and Las Mercedes – and on the Atlantic side, other settlement ruins in Valle del General, as well as the Coto Brus, Coto Colorado and Térraba River basin.
Several archeological sites in Guanacaste Province are linked to this period, particularly tombs covered in tons of stone. Similar funeral mounds have appeared in the canton of Grecia. In other places in the Costa Rican Central Valley and along the Pacific, archeologists have uncovered housing plots delimited with rounded edges, mounds, clay floors and roads. In the south Pacific region are the famous stone spheres of Costa Rica, whose purpose is still a mystery, though it is suggested that they may have been symbols of rank or territorial markers, or had an astronomical function associated with cycles of agriculture.
There was a great development in the manufacture of objects made of jadeite or so-called "social" jade (green or off-white stones such as quartz, chalcedony, opal, serpentine, etc.). It is supposed that they were used as personal ornaments then later on in individual burial clothes, since most have been found at burial sites. Deep local tradition in jade-work (which began around 500 BC and continued until around AD 700 for the most part developed without external influence, although some pieces display features of Olmec and Mayan artisanship. Their motifs apparently had religious meaning. Burials from this period demonstrate the existence of rank and class, since burial offerings include artifacts made of jade and other green gemstones, ceremonial grinding stones, sceptre stones and elaborate ceramics. The number, quality and difficulty of obtaining these articles are a means of indicating the person's social rank.
With the advances in agriculture and corresponding social changes, the most successful communities established social hierarchies based on economic and political criteria. Between AD 300 and 800, these chiefdom societies developmented internal social strata, with political and religious leaders, warriors, specialized artisans and farmers. The ruling class could fill functions such as distributors for communally produced goods, military leaders, crisis counselors and so on. In any case, they usually had access to goods that were especially valuable because they were difficult to obtain or manufacture; and they were distinguished from other natives by their prominent living quarters within the villages, as well as the more elaborate funeral rites and offerings their status afforded.
Later chiefdoms.
From the 9th century certain villages grew in size and their internal design became more complex, giving rise to the era of late pre-Columbian chiefdoms which lasted until the 16th century. It is possible that more fruitful varieties of corn and other crops, as well as more perfected agricultural methods coincided with an increase in population, a deeper social hierarchy and stronger relationships between communities further down the social chain. In some villages the "caciques" or shamans promoted the infrastructure improvements that required the mobilization of immense work forces. There was a notable peak in the art of goldsmithing throughout the country. In addition there was an increase in the variety of domestic and personal goods, regional trade, alliances and territorial conflicts.
At the start of this period, Mesoamerican cultural groups began to trickle over the Nicoya Peninsula, principally the Chorotega people, who subordinated, displaced or mixed with populations that that previously settled in the Nicoyan territory. These new peoples introduced changes in religion, burial rites, art and other aspects of life; as well as new domesticated animals such as turkeys. This period corresponds to habitation sites located in coastal valleys such as Nacascolo and Papagayo; and the flood plains of the Tempisque River and other important rivers. In addition there were other places that specialized in the salt extraction, providing a precious trading commodity, especially for groups that lived inland. Skill in multi-colored ceramic art reached an advanced level; new colors and styles became available to local ceramic artisans, clearly inspired by Mesoamericana.
In the heart of Costa Rica populations became more concentrated in organized economic and political centers, that would form living and ceremonial groups. The most well-known archeological site of this kind is guayabo in Turrialba, which contains raised mounds with walls of stone, access ramps and pedestals, as well as aqueducts, elevated platforms, circular and rectangular foundations, paved walkways and other structures. But others have been found in widespread places in the Central Valle, the Caribbean region and the northern plains. In this era there was a great development in stonework with volcanic rocks, to make tables, stone tablets, grinding stones and anthropomorphic figures (women, heads, shamans, warriors and so forth).
In the south Pacific region have also been found great quantities of home foundations, roads, dump sites, plus funeral areas and mounds. These settlements were located in very fertile regions, bringing about the extensive cultivation of corn and cotton, and the use of palm trees ("coyoles" and royal palms) and fruit trees ("guapinoles", nances, etc.). This was the height of sphere-making, as well as of stone artisanship in such works as animal figures, grindstones, grand anthropomorphic statues (which appear to represent important social figures) that featured smooth surfaces. There was and increase in goldsmithing with "guanín" (low-grade gold) and "tumbaga" (gold and copper alloy) using hammering and thin-sheet techniques. Mineral deposits themselves were not exploited, as gold was extracted from rivers and copper from outcrops.
Societal classification.
When the Europeans arrived, Costa Rica was not a unified land but was inhabited by diverse peoples independent from each other, and whose respective cultures had many different levels of complexity and development. The traditional view that divides this territory between the Chorotegas, Huetars and Bruncas has been abandoned, since these names in fact only identified a small part of the nations that existed in Costa Rican proper at the time. In light of recent studies, it has become much more appropriate to identify two major principal areas:
There is no strict boundary, either cultural or political, between the Intermediate and Mesoamerican Areas, because there would've been frequent contact and transcultural exchange between both groups of people, over all the confluent areas. Even so, notable culture differences existed between them. Some peoples in the Mesoamerican Area, for example, were organized into societies that appear more complex than those of their contemporaries in the Intermediate Area, having legal institutions which, from a Western point of view, may have been more developed. On the other hand, in both regions it appears the prevalent system of law was exclusively or almost exclusively consuetudinary, based on custom rather than the rule of law. It is possible, however, that the indigenous Nicoyans preserved their legal codes by means of some writing system similar to those of other Mesoamerican cultures.
Part of what we know about these societies is from reports and letters written by the Spanish conquistadors and missionaries, people whose training and mentality were borne of cultural norms very different from those of the indigenous societies, and whose view of them at times was distorted through prejudice, personal interest or mere ignorance. Such documents are not very numerous, and on occasion are superficial, fragmentary or very general; and talk about a very small number of the indigenous groups that existed.
Mesoamerican Area.
In the opening decades of the 16th century, most of the people inhabiting the Nicoya Peninsula and the vicinity of its eponymous gulf belonged to the Mesoamerican cultural area. Their presence has also been attested in the central Pacific region between the Jesús María and Tárcoles Rivers. These people spoke Chorotega, and this is why sometimes they are generically designated as such. Furthermore, in the vicinity of modern-day Bagaces, at the mouth of the San Juan River and the Sixaola River basin there were enclaves of groups with Mexican cultural roots who spoke Náhuatl. According to several documents from the second half of the 16th century, the Nahua colony in Sixaola had been founded by tributary groups sent by the Aztec emperor Moctezuma II, who were driven there during the Spanish conquest of Tenochtitlán and decided to stay there.
The Nicoya Peninsula and gulf region were the first Costa Rican territories to definitively and lastingly submit to the dominion of the Crown of Castile, around 1520. The interest in these areas was strengthened by the erroneous assumption that it would allow communication between the gulf and Lake Nicaragua, and beginning in 1522 there was constant Castilian presence in the region.
Much of the knowledge we know regarding the life of this region's inhabitants is derived from the chronicles of Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés, who visited the Nicoyan people in 1529. It is possible that many of their institutions and customs were similar to those of the Chorotegan indigenous communities that at the time inhabited the Nicaraguan side of the Pacific. Details of the latter, among those regions administered by friar Francisco de Bobadilla, were more numerously recorded by Fernández de Oviedo and other conquistadors as well as a few priests.
The population of Nicoya was a political, religious and economic center, located a short distance from the modern-day city of this name. (In the middle of the 16th century, there were two other dependencies also known as Nicoya, one larger than the other.) In Nicoya would reside a high chief, who held that post for life and exercised political authority, and would carry out religious and ceremonial functions. It appears that there was prevalently a dynasty-elective system for chief succession. Fernández de Oviedo indicated that this priest had other principal vassals and horseman called "galpones", who would accompany him and protect him, and be his court subjects and captains. It is possible that these elders, whom the chronicler describes as arrogant and cruel, represented the various tributary villages of Nicoya.
Fray Juan de Torquemada wrote that the Chorotegan villages in the Gulf of Nicoya area organized themselves into four "provinces": two within the peninsula, Nicoya and Cantrén (Canjel); and two others on the west coast, Orotiña y Chorotega. Other sources mention Canjén, Diriá, Nacaome, Namiapí, Nicopasaya, Papagayo, Paro and Zapandí, as well as the island of Pococi (today known as Isla Caballo).
Social organization.
The Chorotega society was hierarchical, and in the upper social strata appeared chieftains, warriors, priests and elders of prestige known as "huehues". The authority of the village chieftains was not absolute, since they shared it with the "monéxico", a council of "huehues" elected monthly and in which there were possibly representatives of various clans and communities. The members of the "monéxico" were perhaps the same individuals previously mentioned as "galpones" – since the buildings where the council met were known by that name (surely derived from the term ""calpulli"") – that were assigned to a neighborhood, village or district among the indigenous people of Mexico. Fernández de Oviedo wrote:
In some communities, the "monéxico" had the legal authority to elect or bring death to the chieftain or principal ruler. On the Chorotegan community of Nagrando (Nicaragua), Fernández de Oviedo wrote:
For his part, the chronicler Francisco López de Gómara indicates:
It is possible that in Nicoya there existed a similar system. In each case, the governor had limited authority and needed to take into account the traditions and opinions of the community. In 1529, when Fernández de Oviedo recommended to Nambí, chieftain of Nicoya, that he put an end to certain rites of collective drunkenness, he received the following response:
The "monéxico" also had the right to elect certain elders of prestige as counselors to the community. These elders, whose activities the Spaniards compared to the Christian confessional, had private consultations, made recommendations to someone who sought his help, and allotted such penances as sweeping the plazas or gathering firewood for the temples. Counselors who divulged the content of these consultations, and third parties who listened to them surreptitiously, were severely punished. These counselors, in contrast to custom among the priests, remained permanently unmarried.
Laws.
It is not clear if the "monéxico" also had judicial functions. In his work "Costa Rica, la frontera sur de Mesoamérica" (Costa Rica, the southern border of Mesoamerica), the lawyer and anthropologist Ricardo Quesada López-Calleja indicates that the chieftain would name experienced and capable elders as judges, whose rulings could not be appealed. Quesada also notes that in the case of bigamy, the counselor would dictate the sentence.
The available data regarding the normative organization of the Chorotegan people indicate that from the point of view of Western jurisprudence, it was a system of minimal complexity based on precedence, with minor infractions and few sanctions. On the other hand, it is very possible that they had written norms. The chronicler Antonio de Herrera states that the Chorotegan peoples of Nicaragua had voluminous books of paper and parchment, where they recorded memorable facts and had their laws and rites depicted. Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo indicated that they possessed books of deerskin, where in red and black ink they recorded their deaths and inheritances. So, when there were conflicts or disputes, they could be settled with the opinion of the elders. At the beginning of the 20th century, as a result of a few archeological excavations on the island of Chira, a square book with hieroglyphics was found that was called "el misal chorotega" (the Chorotegan missal or prayer book); but it is unknown where this document was used. The sole reference known about this find is offered by the archeologist María Fernández Le Cappellain de Tinoco, who visited the island of Chira in 1935. In her article, "Chira, olvidada cuna de aguerridas tribus precolombina" (Chira, forgotten cradle of war-hardened pre-Columbian tribes), she relates the account of Fernández Le Cappellain of an islander who said:
Family ties were very important. The organization of the Chorotegan family was fundamentally cognate or matrilineal. furthermore, according to Fernández de Oviedo, the Chorotega men were "very much commanded by and subject to the will of their women." López de Gómara says they were "valiant, though cruel and very subject to their women". Marriage between blood relatives was prohibited and incest was practically unknown.
Marriage.
Marriage was monogamous and appeared indissoluble, except in the case of adultery or bigamy. Some chieftains and high-ranking people had concubines, but they were never considered legitimate wives. Customarily, marriage required a series of ceremonies. It began with the asking for a woman's hand, that was executed by the father of the would-be groom during a formal visit with the woman's parents. If the request was accepted, a date was set for the wedding celebration. The marriage vow was celebrated with great fiestas, to which the families, friends and neighbors of the coupe would come. Before the wedding, both bride and bridegroom would receive a dowry from their respective parents, which may have included, in accordance with a family's economic means, arable land, a dwelling, cocoa beans, jewelry, animals, fruits, etc.
Lands and valuable pieces of jewelry were inherited by the couple's children. However, if one of the spouses died without the marriage bearing descendants, these wares would return to the control of the parents. The father had the authority to sell the children for sacrificial rituals.
In Nicoya and Orotiña, the chieftains exercised "droit de seigneur" (right of the first night) or "ius primae noctis" upon request from the woman's family, so that it would be easier for her to find a husband. According to López de Gómara, some native peoples of Nicaragua preferred to give their wives-to-be "to the chieftains who would break them, to be honored more or to rid themselves of suspicion or anxiety." When Fernández de Oviedo reprimanded chieftain Nambí for continuing to have several wives and continuing to spend many nights with virgin women despite being baptized, the Nicoyan chief protested:
The wedding ceremony was carried out in the presence of the chieftain and the families of the engaged. The chieftain, with his right hand, would take the bride and groom by the middle and little fingers of their left hands, conducted them to a small house designated for carrying out wedding rites and there said to them: "See that you are good spouses and that you look over your estate, and that you always improve it and not let it be spoiled." Afterwards, the couple would observe silence as they watched a sliver of "ocote" (native pine) burn. When that was consumed, the ceremony would be declared complete and the new husband and wife would retire into a room in the house to consummate the marriage.
Wedding celebrations would start the following day, when the couple came out of the house and the husband announced before his friends and relatives that he had found the woman a virgin. This declaration would give rise to general rejoicing. In the event that the woman had been delivered to the husband-to-be as a virgin, but had already had sexual relations, she was returned to her parents' house and the wedding would be considered invalid. On the other hand, if the husband-to-be had known before the wedding that the woman was not a virgin, the marriage would be considered valid.
Many men preferred to take women who were no longer virgins as spouses, and even those of licentious conduct. Also, references survive regarding a peculiar matrimonial practice of the Nicaraos, that may have also existed between the Chorotegans: A woman would engage in prostitution to obtain a dowry, congregate afterwards with her clients, ask that they build her a house within a certain time period and tell them that each one had to contribute. When the dwelling was finished, the woman would choose a husband from her among her clients, a party would take place and from then on she would be considered a good woman. It should be mentioned that prostitution, even without marriage as an end, was permitted; and Fernández de Oviedo states that the normal price for a woman's sexual services was ten cocoa beans. The chronicler López de Gómara says that the women "before getting married were generally bad, and once married, good."
The Chorotegans also celebrated rites of collective catharsis, sometimes accompanied by human sacrifice and ritual cannibalism. During these rites, married women, as the principals they were, could have sexual relations with whom they wanted or those who paid them, without later being subjected to jealously or punishment. Under normal circumstances, however, a woman's adultery was punished by admonition, severe corporal punishment and expulsion from the home. Their relatives would insult her and not recognize her, and the community would consider her an impure, shameless woman.
Male bigamy was punished by loss of property and exile. His legitimate wife could remarry, if she had no children through bigamy. If there were any, she could not marry again, but if she assumed the care of the children, she would have a right to the property from the bigamous relationship. The woman who married a man with full knowledge of the relationship's bigamous nature lost all of her property in favor of the legitimate wife. Whoever raped a woman was bound to the house where the offense happened, and his own relatives would have to support him until he paid for the crime with a certain amount of property. If he did not meet this obligation, he would become a slave to her family. If a servant had sexual relations with his master's daughter, both would be buried alive. Sexual relations between males were also sentenced to death by stoning.
Economy.
As in other indigenous communities of Mesoamerica, ownership of arable land and agricultural work between Chorotegans had to be essentially of a collective nature. Quesada López-Calleja indicates that land could not be sold and that parents conferred it to their children or to their relatives, if they lacked descendants, when they felt that that their final hour had arrived. Fernández de Oviedo's references to the Chorotegans' deerskin leather book imply that some type of cadastre existed, though is possible that litigation over lands was not between individuals, but groups.
Individual private property existed mainly with respect to personal property. Thieves were condemned to return stolen items to their rightful owner and to serve their victims to repay the damage, and remained bound to the victim's house until the debt was satisfied. If the victim received no compensation, the thief could remain in slavery. A similar situation could occur whenever a homicide was committed, since the criminal had to pay restitution for the wrongdoing with goods to satisfy the victim's relatives, or otherwise become their slave.
The "tianguez" or market played a central role in the economic life of the Chorotega towns, for which commerce and labor practices of certain complexity had to exist. These markets were tended by women, men were not permitted to enter, except for young people who had never had sexual relations. Men who violated such prohibitions could be stoned, be sold as slaves or be sold as cannibal fodder. Presiding over the markets were judge-administrators elected once every four months by the "monéxico", according to Fernández de Oviedo:
Although barter played an important role in trade, Chorotegans used cacao beans as currency. Cases of counterfeiting appeared, where cacao would be extracted from beans and replaced with dirt.
Crime.
The religion, language, customs and laws of the Chorotega gradually disappeared as a consequence of the Spanish conquest. diverse sources from the time of the Spanish domination praise the laws of the Nicoyans and their attitude with regard to the law. For example, in the second half of the 16th century, the cosmographer Juan López de Velasco indicated that the natives of Nicoya were "loyal and obedient to justice", and at the beginning of the 17th century they were still remembered as being ruled by wise laws, that among them there did not exist punishments for patricide, matricide or regicide, because the Nicoyans believed that no person was capable of committing such crimes. The chronicler López de Gómara recounts that among the natives of Nicaragua, which included the Chorotega, "there is no punishment for killing a chieftain, saying that this cannot occur. For his part, Friar Bobadilla reported that when he asked a native of Nicaragua what they did when somebody killed a chieftain, the informant responded that it never happened, "because the chieftain does not communicate with despicable people."
Intermediate Area.
In the 16th century, the present-day territory of Costa Rica – with the exception of the Nicoya Peninsula, its eponymous gulf and the Nahuan enclaves – formed the cultural region known as the Intermediate Area. In addition, this included the Atlantic regions of Nicaragua, Panama and Colombia, as well as parts of Venezuela and the Pacific coast of Ecuador. It is possible that in earlier eras, the Nicoyan region had formed part of this area, and that its original settlers had been displaced by Mesoamerican groups arriving from the north.
The Intermediate Area of Costa Rica, upon the arrival of the Spaniards, featured much less cultural unity than the Mesoamerican Area. Numerous communities with different languages and customs lived there, though most languages spoken there belonged to the Macro-Chibcha language family. The culture of some of these groups, especially on the Atlantic side, had many elements similar to those of the Caribbean islands; but in other groups a South American influence was discernible. For example, in 1562 the town hall of the recently founded city of Castillo de Garcimuñoz, located in the Central Valley, wrote to King Philip II that the natives of Costa Rica imitated Peruvian dress and contracting practices. In the 17th century, some natives of Talamanca still preserved the practice of counting numbers of people on ropes with different types of knots, analogous to the use of knotted straps by the Incan empire. Similarities can also be found between the customs of certain communities and those of Panamanian and Colombian native peoples.
There were commercial ties, vassalages and alliances between many of the communities in the Intermediate Area of Costa Rica, but there was no sole authority in the entire territory; rather, a multitude of societies with different levels of complexity. In Spanish documents appear mention of a great number of native groups: Aoyaque, Burica, Cabécar, Catapa, Chome, Corobicí, Coto, Guaymí, Huetar, Pococi, Quepo, Suerre, Tariaca, Térraba, Tice, Turucaca, Urinama, Viceita, Voto. However, references in this regard are too brief and imprecise to clearly identify the various ethnic groups or their specific characteristics. The names of locations and of the chiefs are also problematic, since they sometimes use two or more names for the same place or person, or the same name for a place and a chieftain. It is even suggested that this may have been due to a custom of changing the name of a place whenever a chieftain died, conferring upon it the name of the deceased.
The Europeans took special note of the great linguistic diversity; even today, the indigenous languages that survive in Costa Rica have very different characteristics. There possibly also existed a great multiplicity of codes of conduct. However, the territory of the Intermediate Area was not visited by chroniclers such as Fernández de Oviedo and missionaries such as Bobadilla, and the data that exists regarding these peoples' religious and judicial lives is exceptionally scant, isolated and fragmentary.
In the 16th century, it appears in the Intermediate Area that a scattered type of settlement prevailed, defined by the existence of hamlets composed of two or three very large, communal ranches, whose inhabitants cultivated the enclosed fields. Some sources indicate that in each dwelling lived "an entire family, clan or lineage." Although in certain places like Guayabo there remain archeological testaments to the existence of larger settlements, there appears to have been a lesser tendency for communities to urbanize than in the Nicoyan region, perhaps because nomadic and seminomadic cultivation compelled these groups to slowly move around. In contrast to what occurred in other places in Central America, the Spaniards did not manage to find any population center large enough to qualify as a city.
Social organization.
The towns in the Intermediate Area were found to be organized in chiefdoms both large and small, and in clans of common heritage. It is known of several groups that they were subordinate to others and paid tribute to their chieftain; on the other hand, it is very problematic to clearly fix the hierarchical line, because documentation is too vague and imprecise about particular aspects, and sometimes uses imprecise terms such "cacique mayor" and "cacique principal" (major chieftain and principal chieftain). In other cases it is difficult to determine whether relations between various groups was of subordination or simple alliance. In addition to the term "cacique", the conquistadors use synonyms for principal chieftain such as "taque", meaning "chief" or "he who rules" in Chibcha; "ibux", which could identify brothers or sons of a chieftain, and "uri" meaning "master's son".
Among the major chiefdoms that have been identified, perhaps one of the most well-known are those of:
Both appear to have had an important number of communities and groups under their control. Other chieftains, however, did not have subordinate ties with them.
Although there are indications that certain communities had patrilineal dynastic systems similar to those of the Incas, most chiefdoms in Costa Rica were lifelong and of matrilineal heredity as in other parts of the Intermediate Area. In some communities this system must have been dynastic-elective; it was still this way, for example, in certain indigenous groups of Talamanca in the second half of the 19th century, according to American paleontologist William More Gabb:
It is known that in some villages a woman could be the chieftain: In 1562, a Spanish captain who visited the Voto community was "well received by an Indian chieftainess of theirs and by her husband who ruled little among them."
The Costa Rican chieftains in the Intermediate Area had greater powers than those of Nicoya; for example, when Correque moved his residence from Ujarrás to Tucurrique, he brought with him many elders and gentlemen along with their sons, "because the place he wanted was settled and nobody contradicted him." Garabito also appears to have enjoyed considerable authority. However, perhaps in other groups the power of the main chieftain over others was not absolute, but was rather exercised in concert with subordinate chieftains. In some communities, the effective authority of the chieftains must've been lesser still, as for example the writings of Gabb in the latter half of the 19th suggest regarding the natives of Talamanca:
In most communities, the chieftain played roles of vital importance. He would channel productive activities, redistribute surpluses, solve internal conflicts and impart justice, manage relationships with other groups and perform functions akin to a priest. His person was almost always sacred; he would carry special clothing and insignias, and would be surrounded by attendants and servants, as in an elaborate protocol. The principal achievements of his life and his funerals were usually characterized by complex, solemn public rites. The social hierarchy depended in many ways on the chieftain's family relations, since a person's rank was determined by how far or close in blood relationship he was to the chieftain.
Warriors and priests typically belong to the upper classes, and also had special clothes and insignias. In some towns, such as those of the Coctus and Cotos, there were female warriors known as "biritecas". The Coctu "biritecas" captured Dulcehe, the sister of the Quepo chieftain Corrohore, who was freed through the intervention of the conquistador Juan Vázquez de Coronado. As a proper name or nickname, "Biriteca" has been freely given to the first lady of the famous chieftain Garabito, as well as the aforementioned Dulcehe, who was later baptized as Doña Inés. Garabito's biographer, Oscar Bákit, points out how absurd these idenfiers were, saying: "Dulcehe was never nicknamed "La Biriteca", as such a name would have been an insult to her, since it belonged to the very same women whom she had taken prisoner."
Military confrontations between the groups were frequent, and prisoners of war were sent to ritual sacrifice, even without the habitual cannibalism in Mesoamerican ceremonies. The missionary friar Agustín de Cevallos, when he refers to the many indigenous groups in southwestern Costa Rica in 1610, states that they lived in constant war with each other, because they had to periodically sacrifice some people, "and when they have none, without sacrificing any from their nation, attack those of another and those that they capture are sacrificed; and if they have any left, they sell them to other neighbors for the same." The slaves would also be sacrificed for burial with chieftains or other members of the upper class.
Laws.
Marriage.
The norms on family and kinship were based on a cognatic system, for which the relationship between a nephew and his maternal uncle was important. The family organization was based on matrilineal clans that were supposed descendants of a common ancestor and that sometimes identified themselves as a group with a common name – for example, one taken from an animal. In certain indigenous groups of what are today the Talamanca, sexual relations between people of the same cognatic group were rigorously prohibited, which imposed requirements of exogamy: the men had to look for a wife in another clan. Violators of this rule were buried alive. An matrilocal system of residence prevailed; in other words, a man had to go away to live in the house of his parents-in-law. As a fiancé or husband, he had to work to contribute to the communal sustenance of his new family; thus young women were considered "as advantageous property to their families." If the husband ever be became ill, he would have to return to his parents' house; but if the sickness was caused by sores or lasted too long, or if the man were an idler, the woman would no longer readmit him. They did not recognize kinship through an agnatic line (i.e., via the father) and consequently sexual dealings were irrelevant between two people related by exclusively patrilineal bonds.
In the Intermediate Area the prevalent system of marriage seems to have been syndiasmic, although it is not impossible that in some communities there had been monogamous forms of marriage. Poligamy, as among the Nicoyans, was reserved for chiefs and others in the upper social strata. A document from 1763 indicates:
However, in the latter half of the 19th century, many men among the natives of Talamanca would have two or sometimes three wives, and the husband had his choice of a plurality of women.
The word used today in the Bribri language of Talamanca to define marriage, which literally means "united hands," symbolizes how simple the ceremony could be, if there was any. A German missionary stated at even at the start of the 20th century, there remained between these same Bribris a type of marriage with barely any formalities, but in which the mother of the bride played an important role:
As with other matrimonial systems, in the Intermediate Area of Costa Rica the wife may have had a position in the family equal or even superior to that of the husband, as demonstrated in the case of the chieftainess of the Votos. She possibly also enjoyed greater sexual freedom that the Chorotegan woman, since groups of the Intermediate Area do not appear to have given importants to virginity and there were women who deliver themselves to those who solicited them. At the end of the 19th century, William More Gabb stated that between the natives of Talamanca, "when puberty arrives, it is the sign that they should get married, at least on the part of the young women... I am certain that very few kept their virginity until marriage."
As is customary in sindiasmic families, there does not seem to have been a substantial difference between the positions of the male and female in regards to the dissolution of the marriage, as suggested by the customs that the native groups of Talamanca maintained at the end of the 19th century: "No formula is required to enter into marriage and it lasts for however long it is convenient to the husband and wife. In the case of infidelity on the part of the wife, or of undue cruelty on the part of the husband, they can be separated. Sometimes, if the woman becomes unfaithful, the husband whips her severely and perhaps returns her to her family, or the resentful woman abandons him. This separation last for one or two years, or may be definitive; but during that time, either of the parties can enter into new bonds and then the separation is permanent."
There are also indications that sexual relationships and living arrangements between men were permitted. With respect to a group from the Intermediate Area in Panama (which was strongly linked to the Costa Rican portion) Fernández de Oviedo write that homosexuals "are not rejected nor mistreated for it. Such men are not joined with other men without a license to what they have, and if they do, they are killed."
Economy.
In the Costa Rican Intermediate Area there must have prevailed collective systems of work and ownership of arable land, though there were positions of privilege for people belong to the upper social strata. No documentational reference has been found regarding the existence of markets, although the accumulation of artifacts in places such as Línea Vieja allow one to suppose that in some places there was very intense commerce. In certain settlements the existence has been confirmed of plazas that could have been utilized for redistribution of goods, as well as for religious rites.

</doc>
<doc id="19312158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312158" title="Wildlands Project">
Wildlands Project

The Wildlands Network (formerly known as “Wildlands Project) was created in 1991 to stem the tide of species extinctions that was being recorded across North America. Evidence that such extinctions were often exacerbated by a lack of habitat connectivity between existing protected areas resulted in the organization’s adoption of a primary mission focused on scientific and strategic support for creation of “networks of people protecting networks of connected wildlands.” 
__TOC__
Priorities and campaigns.
As a demonstration of where large landscape-scale habitat connectivity in North America was most needed, Wildlands Network identified four “Continental Wildways” traversing the Pacific and Atlantic coastlines, the Canadian Boreal Forest region, and the “Spine of the Continent” between Alaska and Mexico. 
Over the period of 2000-2006, Wildlands Network scientists and associated conservation organizations mapped six regional “Wildlands Network Designs” (WNDs) within those corridors in the Rocky Mountain West and the Northern Appalachians. These conservation plans identified existing protected areas and proposed wildlife corridors that would connect them as pathways for wide-ranging (keystone) species in need of “room to roam.” The plans also described the various positive ecological impacts that these species had on other flora and fauna.
In recent years, Wildlands Network moved from a focus on continued creation of WNDs to guiding implementation of the recommendations in the six existing plans. The organization developed a network of public and private individuals, groups, and agencies working in the regions covered by the WNDs to accomplish this goal. Initiatives currently focus on connecting habitat in the Western (Spine of Continent) and Eastern (Atlantic) Wildways.

</doc>
<doc id="19312172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312172" title="Parpola">
Parpola

Parpola is a Finnish family name that may refer to the brothers:

</doc>
<doc id="19312197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312197" title="Observatory of Geneva">
Observatory of Geneva

Observatoire de Genève (in German Observatorium von Genf, in English Observatory of Geneva) is an astronomical observatory at Sauverny in the municipality of Versoix, Canton of Geneva, Switzerland. It has been active in discovering exoplanets, in stellar photometry, stellar evolution models, and has been involved in the European Space Agency missions: Hipparcos, INTEGRAL, Gaia and Planck.
It operates the 1.2m Leonhard Euler Telescope at La Silla. 
In cooperation with University of Liège it supports TRAPPIST, a 0.6 m telescope that aided in showing that Eris may be smaller than Pluto in 2010. The program also observes comets and hunts exoplanets.
History.
In the past, the Geneva Observatory participated in assessing and rating Swiss timepiece movements for accuracy. As marine navigation adopted the usage of mechanical timepieces for navigational aid, the accuracy of such timepieces became more critical. From this need developed an accuracy testing regime involving various astronomical observatories. In Europe, the Neuchatel Observatory, Geneva Observatory Besancon Observatory and Kew Observatory were examples of prominent observatories that tested timepiece movements for accuracy. The testing process lasted for many days, typically 45 days. Each movement was tested in 5 positions and 2 temperatures, in 10 series of 4 or 5 days each. The tolerances for error were much finer than any other standard, including the modern COSC standard. Movements that passed the stringent tests were issued a certification from the observatory called a Bulletin de Marche, signed by the Directeur of the Observatory. The Bulletin de Marche stated the testing criteria, and the actual performance of the movement. A movement with a Bulletin de Marche from an observatory became known as an Observatory Chronometer, and such were issued a chronometer reference number by the Observatory. 
The role of the observatories in assessing the accuracy of mechanical timepieces was instrumental in driving the mechanical watchmaking industry toward higher and higher levels of accuracy. As a result, today high quality mechanical watch movements have an extremely high degree of accuracy. However, no mechanical movement could ultimately compare to the accuracy of the quartz movements being developed. Accordingly, such chronometer certification ceased in the late 1960s and early 1970s with the advent of the quartz watch movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19312200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312200" title="The Fourth Alarm">
The Fourth Alarm

The Fourth Alarm is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 53rd "Our Gang" short subject released. It was later reworked in "Hook and Ladder" in 1932.
Notes.
This is Mary Kornman's final Our Gang appearance as a child. She would appear again later in several episodes as an adult.

</doc>
<doc id="19312221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312221" title="Wright Nimbus">
Wright Nimbus

The Wright Nimbus was a minibus body manufacturered by Wrightbus. It was built on Mercedes-Benz T2 and Renault S75 van derived chassis. The Nimbus has since became relatively rare as the Mercedes-Benz 709D with a Plaxton Beaver or Alexander ALX100 body was more popular during its tenure in the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19312222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312222" title="Crawford Young">
Crawford Young

Crawford Young is an American lutenist and musicologist residing in Basel, Switzerland.
He is the director of the Ferrara Ensemble, Ensemble Project Ars Nova, Shield of Harmony, and is a long time accompanist of Andreas Scholl 
Robert Crawford Young graduated in 1976 from New England Conservatory in Boston, where he played classical guitar, lute and tenor banjo. At Stanford University, he came in 1977 into contact with Thomas Binkley (1932–1995) from 1978-1981 was active with Sequentia of Benjamin Bagby and Barbara Thornton in Cologne as performer on the lute and gittern. Since 1982 Young has taught medieval lute and medieval music performance practice at the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis, where he also performs.
In 1982 Young was a founding member of Ensemble P.A.N. (Project Ars Nova), along with Laurie Monahan (mezzo-soprano), Michael Collver (countertenor and corno muto) and first performed in Paris in 1982. For their American debut in Boston in 1984, Shira Kammen (bowed strings) and John Fleagle (tenor and medieval harp) joined the group. The group ceased to perform in 1999, following the death from cancer of John Fleagle.
The Basel-based Ferrara Ensemble was founded almost simultaneously with Ensemble P.A.N., in 1983. Since the ensemble includes students at the Schola Cantorum, membership is fluid. Members have included: Randall Cook (viola d’arco, vielle), Lena Susanne Norin (contralto), Kathleen Dineen (soprano), Debra Gomez (harp), Stephen Grant (baritone), Norihisa Sugawara (lute), Marion Fourquier (harp), Miriam Andersen (mezzo-soprano, harp), Masako Art (harp), Raitis Grigalis (baritone), Els Janssens (mezzo-soprano), Eve Kopli (soprano), Jessica Marshall (viola d’arco), Eric Mentzel (tenor), Karl-Heinz Schickhaus (dulce melos).
Young is considered by many to be the premier interpreter of repertory for Medieval and Renaissance lute.
Recordings.
With Ensemble P.A.N. (Project Ars Nova):
With Ferrara Ensemble:
With Shield of Harmony:

</doc>
<doc id="19312230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312230" title="Baldauf">
Baldauf

Baldauf is a Germanic surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312231" title="Mak So Ning">
Mak So Ning

Mak So Ning "Tania" (, born November 5, 1986 in Hong Kong) is a Chinese triathlete who competed for Hong Kong at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008 she did not finish in the Olympic triathlon event after being lapped on the cycling course.

</doc>
<doc id="19312233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312233" title="I, Claudius (disambiguation)">
I, Claudius (disambiguation)

I, Claudius is a 1934 historical novel by Robert Graves.
I, Claudius may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312252" title="Bhaskar">
Bhaskar

Bhaskar is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19312255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312255" title="War Feathers">
War Feathers

War Feathers is a 1926 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan. It was the 54th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19312274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312274" title="List of Superleague Formula drivers and teams">
List of Superleague Formula drivers and teams

This is a list of Superleague Formula drivers and teams, that is, a list of all those who have made at least one race start in Superleague Formula. This list is accurate up to and including the final round of the 2010 championship at Navarra.
Drivers.
A total of 57 different drivers have raced at least once in Superleague Formula with seven of them having also had Formula One race experience. Drivers of eighteen different nationalities have competed in the series. There have been several British, French and Spanish drivers, while drivers from countries such as Greece, China, New Zealand and the United Arab Emirates have also earned race weekends. Craig Dolby is the only driver to have started all 48 main races in the series since the inaugural race in 2008.
NOTE – not including any Race 3 results (applies to Magny-Cours, Donington Park, Estoril and Jarama in 2009 and every race in 2010).
Racing teams.
NOTE – not including any Race 3 results (applies to Magny-Cours, Donington Park, Estoril and Jarama in 2009 and every race in 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="19312285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312285" title="Tonkin Campaign">
Tonkin Campaign

The Tonkin Campaign () was an armed conflict fought between June 1883 and April 1886 by the French against, variously, the Vietnamese, Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army and the Chinese Guangxi and Yunnan armies to occupy Tonkin (northern Vietnam) and entrench a French protectorate there. The campaign, complicated in August 1884 by the outbreak of the Sino-French War and in July 1885 by the Cần Vương nationalist uprising in Annam, which required the diversion of large numbers of French troops, was conducted by the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps, supported by the gunboats of the Tonkin Flotilla. The campaign officially ended in April 1886, when the expeditionary corps was reduced in size to a division of occupation, but Tonkin was not effectively pacified until 1896.
Hanoi and Nam Định (June–July 1883).
Nine years after Francis Garnier's failed attempt to conquer Tonkin, French and Vietnamese troops clashed in Tonkin on 25 April 1882, when Commandant Henri Rivière seized the citadel of Hanoi with a small force of marine infantry.
After a lull of several months, the arrival of reinforcements from France in February 1883 allowed Rivière to mount a campaign to capture the citadel of Nam Định (27 March 1883). The Capture of Nam Định was strategically necessary for the French, to secure their communications with the sea.
During Rivière's absence at Nam Định with the bulk of his forces, "chef de bataillon" Berthe de Villers defeated a Vietnamese attack on the French positions at Hanoi by Prince Hoàng Kế Viêm at the Battle of Gia Cuc (27 and 28 March 1883).
Although these early actions deserve to be considered part of the Tonkin campaign, the campaign is conventionally considered to have begun in June 1883, in the wake of the decision by the French government to despatch reinforcements to Tonkin to avenge Rivière's defeat and death at the hands of Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army at the Battle of Paper Bridge on 19 May 1883. These reinforcements were organised into a Tonkin Expeditionary Corps, which was placed under the command of "général de brigade" Alexandre-Eugène Bouët (1833–87), the highest-ranking marine infantry officer available in the French colony of Cochinchina.
The French position in Tonkin on Bouët's arrival in early June 1883 was extremely precarious. The French had only small garrisons in Hanoi, Haiphong and Nam Định, isolated posts at Hon Gai and at Qui Nhơn in Annam, and little immediate prospect of taking the offensive against Liu Yongfu's Black Flags and Prince Hoàng Kế Viêm's Vietnamese. Bouët's first step was to withdraw the isolated French garrisons of Qui Nhơn and Hon Gai. He had also been authorised to abandon Nam Định at need, but he decided to try to defend all three major French posts. During June, the French dug in behind their defences and beat off half-hearted Vietnamese demonstrations against Hanoi and Nam Định.
The early arrival of reinforcements from France and New Caledonia and the recruitment of Cochinchinese and Tonkinese auxiliary formations allowed Bouët to hit back at his tormentors. On 19 July "chef de bataillon" Pierre de Badens, the French "commandant supérieur" at Nam Định, attacked and defeated Prince Hoàng Kế Viêm's besieging Vietnamese army, effectively relieving Vietnamese pressure on Nam Định.
Establishment of the French protectorate (August 1883).
The arrival of Admiral Amédée Courbet in Along Bay in July 1883 with substantial naval reinforcements further strengthened the French position in Tonkin. Although the French were now in a position to consider taking the offensive against Liu Yongfu, they realised that military action against the Black Flag Army had to be accompanied by a political settlement with the Vietnamese court at Huế, if necessary by coercion, that recognised a French protectorate in Tonkin.
On 30 July 1883 Admiral Courbet, General Bouët and François-Jules Harmand, the recently appointed French civil commissioner-general for Tonkin, held a council of war at Haiphong. The three men agreed that Bouët should launch an offensive against the Black Flag Army in its positions around Phu Hoai on the Day River as soon as possible. They also noted that the Court of Huế was covertly aiding and abetting Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army, and that Prince Hoàng was still in arms against the French at Nam Định. They therefore decided, largely on Harmand's urging, to recommend to the French government a strike against the Vietnamese defences of Huế, followed by an ultimatum requiring the Vietnamese to accept a French protectorate over Tonkin or face immediate attack.
The proposal was approved by the navy ministry on 11 August, and on 18 August several warships of Courbet's Tonkin Coasts naval division bombarded the Thuận An forts at the entrance to the Huế River. On 20 August, in the Battle of Thuận An, two companies of French marine infantry and the landing companies of three French warships went ashore and stormed the forts under heavy fire. During the afternoon the gunboats "Lynx" and "Vipère" forced a barrage at the entrance to the River of Perfumes, enabling the French to attack Huế directly if they chose.
The Vietnamese asked for an armistice, and on 25 August Harmand dictated the Treaty of Huế to the cowed Vietnamese court. The Vietnamese recognised the legitimacy of the French occupation of Cochinchina, accepted a French protectorate both for Annam and Tonkin and promised to withdraw their troops from Tonkin. Vietnam, its royal house and its court survived, but under French direction. France was granted the privilege of stationing a resident-general at Huế, who would work to the civil commissioner-general in Tonkin and could require a personal audience with the Vietnamese emperor. To ensure there were no second thoughts, a permanent French garrison would occupy the Thuận An forts. Large swathes of territory were also transferred from Annam to Tonkin and the French colony of Cochinchina. The French cancelled the country's debts, but required in return the cession of the southern province of Bình Thuận, which was annexed to Cochinchina. At the same time the northern provinces of Nghệ An, Thanh Hóa and Hà Tĩnh were transferred to Tonkin, where they would come under direct French oversight. In return the French undertook to drive out the Black Flags from Tonkin and to guarantee freedom of commerce on the Red River.
Phủ Hoài, Palan and Hải Dương (August–November 1883).
Meanwhile, as agreed at the Haiphong conference, General Bouët duly took the offensive against Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army. Bouët twice attacked the Black Flags in their defences along the Day River, in the Battle of Phủ Hoài (15 August 1883) and the Battle of Palan (1 September 1883). These offensives met with only limited success, and in the eyes of the world were tantamount to French defeats.
More encouragingly for the French, a column of marine infantry and Cochinchinese riflemen under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Brionval stormed the Vietnamese defences of Hải Dương on 13 August. The capture of Haiduong was notable for atrocities committed by both the French and the Vietnamese. The French discovered, hung up by hooks from the city walls, the mutilated bodies of several missing French and Vietnamese soldiers of the expeditionary corps. The dead soldiers had clearly been tortured to death, and the French took their revenge by bayoneting the Vietnamese wounded. The capture of Hải Dương secured the French line of communication by river between Hanoi and Haiphong. The French occupied the citadel of Hải Dương and also established a post a few kilometres to the north of the town, at Elephant Mountain.
In November 1883 the French further strengthened their grip on the Delta by occupying the towns of Ninh Bình, Hưng Yên and Quảng Yên. The allegiance of Ninh Bình was of particular importance to the French, as artillery mounted in its lofty citadel controlled river traffic to the Gulf of Tonkin. Although the Vietnamese governor of Ninh Bình had made no attempt to hinder the passage of the expedition launched by Henri Rivière in March 1883 to capture Nam Định, he was known to be hostile towards the French. Accordingly, Lieutenant-Colonel Pierre de Badens (1847–97) was sent to occupy Ninh Bình with a company of marine infantry, supported by the gunboats "Léopard" and "Pluvier". Cowed by the silent menace of the gunboats, the Vietnamese handed over the citadel of Ninh Bình without resistance, and the French installed a garrison there.
The Treaty of Huế remained a dead letter in Tonkin. Vietnamese mandarins sent to Tonkin to support French administration there were sullen and uncooperative, and Prince Hoang declined to withdraw Vietnamese forces from Tonkin. Meanwhile the Black Flags, with Prince Hoang's active encouragement, stepped up their attacks on French posts during the autumn of 1883. The small French garrisons in Palan and Batang were harassed, and on 17 November the French post at Hải Dương was attacked and nearly overwhelmed by a force of 2,000 Vietnamese insurgents. Only the timely arrival of the gunboat "Lynx" enabled the defenders to hold their positions.
Sơn Tây (December 1883).
In December 1883 the French took their revenge. Admiral Amédée Courbet, who had replaced Bouët in command of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps two months earlier, assembled a column of 9,000 men and marched on Sơn Tây for a showdown with Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army. The decision was of considerable political significance, as an attack on Sơn Tây would bring the French into direct conflict with Chinese troops for the first time in the campaign. China, the traditional overlord of Vietnam, had for months been covertly supporting the Black Flags, and had stationed Chinese troops in Sơn Tây, Lạng Sơn, Bắc Ninh and other Tonkinese towns to limit French freedom of movement. The French government appreciated that an attack on Sơn Tây would probably result in an undeclared war with China, but calculated that a quick victory in Tonkin would force the Chinese to accept a fait accompli. On 10 December 1883, after the failure of diplomatic efforts to persuade the Chinese to withdraw their troops, the French government authorised Courbet to attack Sơn Tây.
The Sơn Tây Campaign was the fiercest campaign the French had yet fought in Tonkin. Although the Chinese and Vietnamese contingents at Sơn Tây played little part in the defence, Liu Yongfu's Black Flags fought ferociously to hold the city. On 14 December the French assaulted the outer defences of Sơn Tây at Phu Sa, but were thrown back with heavy casualties. Hoping to exploit Courbet's defeat, Liu Yongfu attacked the French lines the same night, but the Black Flag attack also failed disastrously. After resting his troops on 15 December, Courbet again assaulted the defences of Sơn Tây on the afternoon of 16 December. This time the attack was thoroughly prepared by artillery, and delivered only after the defenders had been worn down. At 5 p.m. a Foreign Legion battalion and a battalion of marines captured the western gate of Sơn Tây and fought their way into the town. Liu Yongfu's garrison withdrew to the citadel, and evacuated Sơn Tây under cover of darkness several hours later. Courbet had achieved his objective, but at considerable cost. French casualties at Sontay were 83 dead and 320 wounded. The fighting at Sơn Tây also took a terrible toll of the Black Flags, and in the opinion of some observers broke them once and for all as a serious fighting force.
Bắc Ninh and Hưng Hóa (January–July 1884).
On 16 December 1883, the very day on which he captured Sơn Tây, Admiral Courbet was replaced in command of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps by "général de division" Charles-Théodore Millot, as a result of the despatch of strong reinforcements to Tonkin in November 1883 and the consequent expansion of the expeditionary corps into a two-brigade army division. Although the capture of Sơn Tây paved the way for the eventual French conquest of Tonkin, the French now had to deal with opposition from China as well as the Black Flag Army. Having exhausted diplomatic efforts to persuade the Chinese to withdraw their armies from Tonkin, the French government sanctioned an attack by Millot on the fortress of Bắc Ninh, occupied since the autumn of 1882 by China's Guangxi Army. In March 1884, in the Bắc Ninh Campaign, Millot routed the Guangxi Army and captured Bắc Ninh. Millot put just over 11,000 French, Algerian and Vietnamese soldiers into the field at Bắc Ninh, the largest concentration of French troops ever assembled in the Tonkin campaign.
Millot followed up his victory by mopping up scattered Chinese garrisons left behind by the Guangxi Army after the rout at Bắc Ninh and by mounting a major campaign against Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army, which had retreated to Hưng Hóa. On 11 April 1884 Millot captured Hưng Hóa and Dong Yan, flanking the Black Flag Army and its Vietnamese allies out of a formidable defensive position without losing a man.
The Black Flag Army retreated westwards up the Red River to Thanh Quan, while Prince Hoang Ke Viem's Vietnamese forces fell back southwards from Dong Yan towards the Annam-Tonkin border, making for the sanctuary of the province of Thanh Hóa, where the French had not yet installed any garrisons. Millot despatched Lieutenant-Colonel Letellier with two Turco battalions and supporting cavalry to harry Liu Yongfu's retreat, and sent General Brière de l'Isle with the rest of the 1st Brigade in pursuit of Prince Hoang. In early May Brière de l'Isle cornered Prince Hoang in Phu Ngo, several kilometres to the northwest of Ninh Bình, but the French government forbade him to attack the Vietnamese defences, having just received news that China was ready to treat with France over the future of Tonkin.
Elsewhere, though, the French kept up the pressure. On 11 May "chef de bataillon" Reygasse attacked the Chinese garrison of Thái Nguyên and drove it out. In the same week the landing companies of Admiral Courbet's Tonkin Coasts naval division exterminated nests of Vietnamese pirates along the coast of the Gulf of Tonkin around Dam Ha and Ha Coi.
On 11 May 1884, the same day as French and Chinese forces clashed at Thái Nguyên, France and China concluded the Tientsin Accord. This treaty provided for the immediate evacuation of Tonkin by the Chinese armies, and the implicit recognition by China of the French protectorate over Tonkin (the Chinese agreed to recognise all treaties concluded between France and Annam, including the 1883 Treaty of Huế which formalised the French protectorate in Tonkin).
The conclusion of the Tientsin Accord allowed the French to consolidate their hold on the Delta in May and June 1884. By the end of June the French had established forward bases at Hưng Hóa, Tuyên Quang, Phu Lang Thuong and Thái Nguyên. These posts, together with the bases established further to the east at Hải Dương and Quảng Yên the previous autumn, formed a cordon that enclosed most of the Delta. Behind this chain of frontline posts the French were strongly entrenched in Sơn Tây, Hanoi, Nam Định, Ninh Bình, Bắc Ninh and Sept Pagodes. It only remained for them to occupy Lạng Sơn and the other fortresses of northern Tonkin once they were evacuated by the Chinese under the terms of the Tientsin Accord.
In theory, the Tientsin Accord should have resolved the confrontation between France and China in Tonkin, but a clash between French and Chinese troops at Bac Le on 23 June 1884 plunged both countries into a fresh crisis. China's refusal to pay an indemnity for the Bắc Lệ ambush led two months later to the outbreak of the Sino-French War (August 1884–April 1885).
The Sino-French War (August 1884–April 1885).
The outbreak of the Sino-French War in August 1884 complicated and considerably retarded the French timetable for the conquest of Tonkin, and initially placed the French on the defensive against an invasion of the Delta by the Chinese armies. In September 1884 General Millot resigned as general-in-chief of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps and was replaced by his senior brigade commander, Louis Brière de l'Isle. Revealingly, Millot's final order of the day to the soldiers of the expeditionary corps contained a warning against growing French arrogance. By now there were more than 20,000 French soldiers serving in Tonkin, and many of them were beginning to treat the local population with contempt. Tonkinese villagers, for example, were expected to kowtow if a French column passed by. Millot saw that this attitude was stirring up trouble for the future, and issued a prescient warning:
Je n'ai plus qu'un conseil à vous donner : soyez pour mon successeur, le général Brière de l'Isle, ce que vous avez été pour moi, et n'oubliez pas surtout que votre présence dans le pays sera d'autant plus facilement acceptée que vous perdrez moins de vue les tendances et les aspirations des laborieuses populations qui l'habitent.
Brière de l'Isle was a natural leader of men, and under his command the expeditionary corps achieved a high standard of professional excellence. One of his first acts as general-in-chief, in September 1884, was to seal off Tonkin from Annam by ejecting Vietnamese bandit concentrations from the border towns of My Luong, Ke Son and Phu Ngo and establishing French posts there. This stroke secured the French rear and allowed the expeditionary corps to concentrate substantial forces against the expected Chinese invasion.
In October 1884 General François de Négrier defeated a major Chinese invasion of the Tonkin Delta in the Kép Campaign. This campaign brought French troops into the hitherto-unexplored Luc Nam valley, and at the close of the campaign the French occupied the villages of Chu and Kép, which were converted into forward bases for an eventual campaign against Lạng Sơn. In the western Delta, where their advanced post of Tuyên Quang lay under growing threat from the advancing Yunnan Army, the French widened their area of occupation in the autumn of 1884 by establishing posts at Phu Doan and Vie Tri on the Clear River.
In February 1885 Brière de l'Isle defeated China's Guangxi Army in the Lạng Sơn Campaign. The French occupation of Dong Song on 6 February threatened the line of retreat of the Guangxi Army's right wing, and forced the Chinese to withdraw from their positions in the Song Thuong valley to the west of Lạng Sơn. The occupation of Lạng Sơn on 13 February gave the French control of the Mandarin Road from Lạng Sơn all the way back to Hanoi, and Brière de l'Isle was able to use the road to bring prompt relief to the hard-pressed French garrison of Tuyên Quang. During the second fortnight of February Colonel Laurent Giovanninelli's 1st Brigade marched down the Mandarin Road to Hanoi and was then ferried up the Red and Clear Rivers to Phu Doan aboard a flotilla of gunboats. On 2 March 1885 Giovanninelli defeated Liu Yongfu's Black Flags in the Battle of Hòa Mộc, relieving the Siege of Tuyên Quang.
In March 1885 the French established posts at Cau Son and Thanh Moy, previously occupied by the Guangxi Army, and began to widen the Mandarin Road so that it could be used by wagon trains to supply de Négrier's 2nd Brigade at Lạng Sơn. Further to the east, French troops extended the zone of French control along the Gulf of Tonkin, establishing a post at Tien Yen.
In the west, Giovanninelli's victory at Hòa Mộc on 2 March allowed the French to consider an offensive from their main base at Hưng Hóa against the Yunnan and Black Flag Armies. Brière de l'Isle drew up plans for an advance up the Red River by Giovanninelli's brigade against the Yunnan Army's positions around Thanh Quan, but simultaneous reverses on both the eastern and western fronts on 24 March (the Battle of Bang Bo (Zhennan Pass) and the Battle of Phu Lam Tao) and the subsequent Retreat from Lạng Sơn on 28 March threw out his plans for an early penetration of the upper course of the Red River.
The 'pacification' of Tonkin (April 1885–April 1886).
The Sino-French War ended with the Chinese military pushed out of Tonkin, and the resulting peace treaty between France and China, signed at Tientsin on 9 June 1885, forced China to abandon its historic claim to suzerainty over Vietnam and confirmed the French protectorate over both Annam and Tonkin. In theory, the way was now clear for the French to consolidate their claim to Tonkin. In practice, this was not so easy as it might have seemed. As a British statesman remarked at the time: 'France has won her claim to Tonkin; now all she has to do is conquer it.'
Strong reinforcements were sent to Tonkin in the wake of the Retreat from Lạng Sơn (March 1885), bringing the total number of French soldiers in Tonkin to 35,000 in the summer of 1885. In May and June 1885 thousands of fresh French troops poured into Tonkin, swamping the veterans of the two brigades that had fought the Sino-French War, and the expeditionary corps was reorganised into two two-brigade divisions. Brière de l'Isle was replaced in command of the expeditionary corps on 1 June 1885 by General Philippe-Marie-Henri Roussel de Courcy (1827–1887), but remained in Tonkin for several months as commander of the 1st Division of the expanded expeditionary corps. General François de Négrier, who had recovered from the wound he sustained at the Battle of Ky Lua (28 March 1885), was given command of the 2nd Division.
De Courcy's command was marked by growing resistance to French rule in Tonkin and by outright insurrection in Annam. It was also memorable for a cholera epidemic which swept through the expeditionary corps in the summer and autumn of 1885, exacerbated by de Courcy's neglect of quarantine precautions, in which more French soldiers died than in the entire nine months of the Sino-French War. Elements of the Tonkin expeditionary corps were attacked at Huế on 2 July 1885 in the so-called 'Huế Ambush', which initiated the Vietnamese insurrection. Forbidden by the French government to launch a full-scale invasion of Annam, de Courcy landed troops along the vulnerable coastline of central Vietnam to seize a number of strategic points and to protect Vietnamese Catholic communities in the wake of massacres of Christians by the Vietnamese insurgents at Quảng Ngãi and Bình Định.
Meanwhile, Tonkin was in a state of near-anarchy. The Chinese armies that had fought the Sino-French War dutifully withdrew from Tonkin in May and June 1885, but their ranks were by then full of Vietnamese volunteers or conscripts, and these men, unpaid for months, were simply disbanded on Tonkinese soil and left to fend for themselves. They kept their weapons and supported themselves by brigandage, in many cases sheltering behind the patriotic rhetoric of the Cần Vương insurgency against the French. For most of the summer of 1885, when European troops normally kept to their barracks anyway, French control of Tonkin was limited to a small radius around the perimeter of their military posts.
No attempt was made by de Courcy to move forward to reoccupy Lạng Sơn, evacuated by the Chinese in May, nor to secure the forts built by the Yunnan Army along the Red River to protect its supply line during the Siege of Tuyên Quang. Bands of brigands took over these forts as soon as the Chinese evacuated them. The bandits struck far and wide beyond the limits of French control. Wherever they could, Tonkinese villagers left their homes and took shelter beneath the walls of the French forts.
Only one important French sweep was made during the summer of 1885 in Tonkin, and its effects were transitory. In July 1885 a mixed column of Algerian and Tonkinese riflemen under the command of Colonel Mourlan drove a band of insurgents from the Tam Dao massif and established a French post at Lien Son. The insurgents fled without accepting battle and regrouped in Thái Nguyên province.
The blundering response of de Courcy and his staff officers to the twin challenges in Annam and Tonkin has been memorably characterised in a recent French study of the period:
Comme dans un drame shakespearien, des grotesques s’agitent sur le devant de la scène pendant que la tragédie se poursuit dans le sang, sur toute l'étendue du Tonkin ravagé et de l'Annam qui bascule dans la guerre au cours de l'été.
De Courcy bestirred himself with the arrival of the autumn campaigning season. The main French effort was made in the west, along the Red River. The Tonkin expeditionary corps undertook a large-scale campaign in October 1885 to capture the Yunnan Army's old base at Thanh May, which had been occupied by Vietnamese insurgents some months earlier. De Courcy concentrated 7,000 troops for the attack on Thanh May, almost as many men as Brière de l'Isle had commanded during the Lạng Sơn Campaign in February 1885. An elaborate encircling movement was mishandled, and though the French duly occupied Thanh May, avenging their defeat in the Battle of Phu Lam Tao seven months earlier, most of the brigands escaped the closing pincers and regrouped further up the Red River around Thanh Quan.
In the first week of February 1886 two columns commanded by General Jamais and Lieutenant-Colonel de Maussion, under the overall direction of General Jamont, advanced up both banks of the Red River as far as Thanh Quan. The bands that had been driven from Thanh May did not stay to fight, but melted into the forests before the French advance. On 17 February the French occupied Van Ban Chau. After a pause of several weeks while the French government notified the Chinese that French troops would shortly be closing up to the Chinese frontier, de Maussion was authorised to advance to the Tonkin–Yunnan border. The French occupied Lào Cai on 29 March, and went on to establish a chain of military posts along the Red River between Lào Cai and Thanh Quan. De Maussion was appointed "commandant supérieur" of the "Haute Fleuve Rouge" region.
The French also raised their flags along the Tonkin-Guangxi border. The terms of the June 1885 peace treaty between France and China required both parties to demarcate the border between China and Tonkin. As it would have been embarrassing for the French to admit that this could not be done because the Lạng Sơn region had been overrun by brigands since the departure of the Guangxi Army in May 1885, de Courcy was forced to send an expedition to regain control of the border region. In November 1885 "chef de bataillon" Servière led a column north from Chu to reoccupy Lạng Sơn and Đồng Đăng. He went on install French posts at That Ke and Cao Bằng. This "acte de présence" established the conditions necessary for an orderly demarcation of the Sino-Vietnamese border in 1887, in which a few minor revisions were made in China's favour.
Although the tricolour now flew above French customs posts along the Chinese border, there remained widespread unrest inside Tonkin itself. Significantly, General François de Négrier was forced to make a major sweep of the Bai Sai region near Hanoi in December 1885, an operation in which hundreds of French troops died of cholera and other diseases.
In April 1886 General Warnet, who had replaced de Courcy as commander of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps a few months earlier, declared that he considered Tonkin to be pacified, and proposed to the French government that the expeditionary corps should be reduced in size to a division of occupation. Conventionally, April 1886 marks the end of the Tonkin campaign. The belief that Tonkin was pacified, however, was ludicrously premature. The Pacification of Tonkin, sometimes involving fighting on a large scale, would require a further ten years.
Commemoration.
The Tonkin campaign was commemorated in France with the issue of a Tonkin Expedition commemorative medal. French soldiers who had taken part in the campaign had hoped that the medal would be inscribed with the names of all their Tonkin victories, but there were some puzzling absences, notably the Lạng Sơn Campaign, from the feats of arms commemorated. This decision angered many veterans, who felt that it did not adequately recognise their deeds.
The veterans were further offended by the arrangements made for the Bastille Day parade of 14 July 1886, an imposing annual march through the streets of Paris by the men of France's armed and disciplined services. A special effort was made on this occasion to honour the men who had fought the war with China. Contingents from the battalions and batteries that had served in Tonkin and Formosa marched in the parade, wearing battlefield uniforms instead of full dress. Other arrangements, however, were not so welcome. Although Lieutenant-Colonel Marc-Edmond Dominé, the hero of the Siege of Tuyên Quang, rode in the procession, General Louis Brière de l'Isle and General François de Négrier did not. Both men were heroes to the soldiers of the expeditionary corps, and the veterans greatly resented their absence from the parade. Instead, the man who rode at the head of the march past was the controversial and ambitious new army minister General Georges Boulanger, who only three years later would be suspected of plotting a coup against the Third Republic. Boulanger had not served in Tonkin, but he was determined to take any credit going for its conquest.

</doc>
<doc id="19312306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312306" title="Daniel Patrick Höhl">
Daniel Patrick Höhl

Daniel Patrick Höhl (born 25 December 1985) is a Danish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Hvidovre Ligahockey.
Career.
This Danish player came to Skellefteå in Sweden in 2002 after playing with the Danish Elite team Rungstedt/Nordsjaelland. He has been a regular on Denmark's junior national team and played with Peter Regin.
International.
Höhl played with the Danish national team at the Under-18 level, and was with the team B group Winner at Latvia in 2004. He later played for the Under-20 team.

</doc>
<doc id="19312308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312308" title="N. N. Pisharody">
N. N. Pisharody

N N Pisharody (or Pisharady) (1926 – 30 August 2008) was a legendary director in the Malayalam Film industry. He was born into a feudal family, known as "Kallil" in Methala, near Perumbavoor in Kerala.
Biography.
Born into a family known as "Kallil" in Methala, Near Kalady in Kerala, he completed his schooling in Paravoor and then was graduated in Economics from Serhampur, Bengal. He was an avid reader always and appreciated the nuances of literature. His first short story was published in the weekly "Prasanna Keralam" from Kottayam when he was studying in high school. Since then, his stories have regularly appeared in many weeklies.
Writing career.
He was always an ardent reader. One of his first of his short stories was published in the weekly Prasanna Keralam from Kottayam, when he was studying in high school. From then on, his stories had appeared regularly in many of the weeklies.
The deceased editor of Kaumudi, K Balakrishnan lead him to writing novels; the first one named "Kure Swapnangal, Kure Vanambadigal" (Lot of dreams, Lot of nightingales) was published in "Kaumudi" weekly. Later on most of the magazines like "Janayugam, Navayugam, Keralashabdam, Chithrapournnami, Express" (Weekly), "Mathrubhoomi" (Weekly) frequently published his novels. During his career, he wrote 17 novels,of which 8 have been printed as books. One of the novels "Vellam" (Water) has even inspired a movie.
He took a break from writing to try his hand in the film industry where he found a new platform to tell his stories. Recently he had taken up writing again for the Mathrubhoomi weekly - a story titled "Aandal Puram Pogum Vazhi" (En route to Aandal Puram). Shree Books, Aluwa has published this story as a book. He also wrote the screen play for about 40 dramatic plays for Aakashavani Thrissur. He wrote screenplays for the following too - "Hiranya Garbham", "Sarppa Sathram", "Ivideyo Naalathe Sooryodayam", "Vishathan Kaavilinnarattu" - each of these plays were meant for various art groups. His famous novels are Virunnusala & Vellam.
He was unmarried and a resident of Radha Niwas, Kanjoor. He died on 30 August 2008.
Film career.
His long association with film industry lasted 30 years. Starting as an assistant director for Tamil - Telugu movies in Newton Studios, he later distinguished himself as a producer, director and scriptwriter. His directorial debut, "Ninamaninja Kalpadukal", which portrays the trials the Indo-China war, won 4 awards including the President's Silver medal for best regional film, and the award for The Best Director. He directed about 6 movies and produced 2 movies on his own. He wrote the screen play and directed 4 episodes of "Aithihyamala" for Doordarshan. He also directed a tele-film titled "Kudajadri".

</doc>
<doc id="19312310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312310" title="Monte Generoso Observatory">
Monte Generoso Observatory

Monte Generoso Observatory (Osservatorio del Monte Generoso) is located atop Monte Generoso in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19312320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312320" title="ZFKP-FM">
ZFKP-FM

Praise 87.9 (87.9 FM) is a radio station in the Cayman Islands in the British West Indies. The station is owned by the Cayman Islands Conference of Seventh-Day Adventist. It airs a Christian radio format. The station was founded by evangelist Everton Malcolm, a lay member of Newlands Adventist Church.
The station's license was issued on 15 June 2006 and amended on 6 March 2008.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19312323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312323" title="Adhiṣṭhāna">
Adhiṣṭhāna

Adhiṣṭhāna (Romanised Sanskrit with diacritics; Devanagari: अधिष्ठान; , contraction of " jin gyi lab pa"; Wylie: "byin rlabs"; ; Thai: อธิษฐาน) are initiations or blessings in the Vajrayana Buddhist schools such as Tibetan Buddhism and Shingon.
Nomenclature, orthography and etymology.
Adhishthana(m) is a term with multiple meanings: seat; basis; substratum; ground; support; and abode. Monier Williams Sanskrit-English Dictionary Online holds the following semantic field for 'Adhishthana':
Fremantle (2001: p. 48) gives an etymology of the Sanskrit "Adhishthana" and Tibetan "jinlab" thus:
The Sanskrit word literally means "standing over" and conveys ideas of taking possession, dwelling within, presence, protection, and sovereignty. The Tibetan literally means "an engulfing wave or flood of splendor and power." 
Martin (1994: p. 274) opines that the Chinese term for 'adhishthana' (Sanskrit) influenced the Tibetan: 
"Byin-rlabs" is commonly glossed as 'gift wave', but it more properly goes back to a literal translation of a Chinese word which was almost certainly made during the earliest introduction of Buddhism into Tibet in the seventh or eighth centuries. It is not a literal translation of the Sanskrit Buddhists term adhisthana. Its actual, or rather its philologically correct, meaning is 'received by (way of) giving'.
Tantra.
Vajrayana.
Tsultrim Allione points out that in Tibetan Buddhism adhistana blessings are an important part of the esoteric transmission received from the guru and lineage. Receiving these blessings is dependent on the student having proper motivation, aspiration and intentionality (refer: Bodhicitta) and sufficient 'devotion' (Sanskrit: bhakti). These blessings may be received from the student's guru during initiation, from the yidam during deity yoga or simply from being in the presence of holy objects such as stupa.
Kiyota (1978: p. 70) in a study of the theory and practice of Shingon, an extant non-Himalayan Vajrayana Buddhist school, identifies three kinds of adhisthana: 
The term adhisthana is also used to describe the transformative power of the Buddha. According to D. T. Suzuki:
The Buddha is creative life itself, he creates himself in innumerable forms with all the means native to him. This is called his adhisthana, as it were, emanating from his personality.
The idea of Adhisthana is one of the Mahayana landmarks in the history of Indian Buddhism and it is at the same time the beginning of the 'other-power' (tariki in Japanese) school as distinguished from the 'self-power' (jiriki).
Stream of blessings.
In the Indo-Himalayan lineages of Mantrayana where traditions of Tantra were introduced in the first wave of translations of Sanskrit texts into the Tibetan language, from the 8th century onwards, the term chosen by the community of 'translators' (Tibetan: lotsawa) which importantly is one of the most concerted translation efforts in documented history, chose to render "Adhiṣṭhāna" as "". This metaphorical usage of the 'stream', 'wave', 'thread', 'continuum' is reinforced in philosophy with the mindstream doctrine and its relationship to tantric sadhana where it is used in visualizations and invocations, particularly in relation to the Three Vajras of Padmasambhava and depicted in Indo-Tibetan Buddhist and Bon iconography such as representations of the Adi-Buddha and Tapihritsa. Mills (2003: p. 160) in a modern political and power-relations dissection of "chinlabs" in relation to hierarchical structures of the Gelugpa, a school of the 'second wave of translations' (Tibetan: sarma), holds that: 
"The acceptance of offerings by worldly deities and spirits was felt very strongly to oblige the recipient to act in favour of the donor, and particularly to act as their protector (strungma), a term widely used by householders to describe the various numina that inhabited their houses. This protection was seen as being a blessing (chinlabs) which descended upon the offerer from above in the manner of a stream. This metaphor of the stream and its pure source is an important one, and is a central idiom by which hierarchical relations, either in hospitality gatherings, offering practices, or religious teachings, were conceived and spoken about, emphasising once again the salience of height as designating relations with social superiors and preceptors." 
Honzon Kaji.
In Shingon Buddhism, mantra, mudra and visualization practices aim at achieving "Honzon Kaji", or union with the deity. According to Shingon priest Eijun Eidson:
Honzon simply refers to the main deity in any given ritual. Kaji refers to the enhancement of a sentient being’s power through the Buddha’s power (Nyorai-kaji-riki), and it translates the Sanskrit word adhisthana. 
Sarira.
'Śarīra' (Sanskrit; Devanagari: शरीर) are held to emanate or incite 'blessings' and 'grace' (Sanskrit: adhiṣṭhāna) within the mindstream and experience of those connected to them.

</doc>
<doc id="19312326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312326" title="Telling Whoppers">
Telling Whoppers

Telling Whoppers is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan. It was the 55th "Our Gang" short subject released.
Plot.
The neighborhood bully, Tuffy, played by Johnny Downs, is determined to lick every boy in the neighborhood. He beats up one boy, makes Jay and Jackie stand on their heads, and makes Bonedust and Scooter bark like a dog. Along comes Joe and Farina wearing bandages, and pretending to be too disabled to fight, but Tuffy beats them up anyway. Joe and Farina encourage the boys to band together and they then chase the bully off. The gang retires to their hideout and draw lots to decide who should finish the bully off. Joe and Farina draw the unlucky lots and go looking for the bully, but Peggy tells them that Tuffy has moved to Chicago. Joe and Farina return with the lie that they beat Tuffy up and threw him in the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19312337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312337" title="2005 German Figure Skating Championships">
2005 German Figure Skating Championships

The 2005 German Figure Skating Championships () were the German Figure Skating Championships for the 2004–2005 season. They were the figure skating national championship that determined the national champions of Germany for that season. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, ice dancing, and synchronized skating. 
The 2004–2005 competition took place in Oberstdorf, Germany from January 6th through 9th, 2005.
The first senior compulsory dance was the Golden Waltz and the second was the Midnight Blues. 

</doc>
<doc id="19312344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312344" title="Communauté de communes du Plateau de Gentioux">
Communauté de communes du Plateau de Gentioux

The communauté de communes du Plateau de Gentioux was created on December 15, 1992 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France.
It comprises the following 7 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19312359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312359" title="Bring Home the Turkey">
Bring Home the Turkey

Bring Home the Turkey is a 1927 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan. It was the 56th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19312366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312366" title="Dautel">
Dautel

Dautel is a German company, headquartered in Leingarten, manufacturing hydraulic tail lifts and dumpers for trucks. It is one of the several German companies returning production back to Germany, due to quality concerns.
History.
The blacksmith Ernst Dautel did fitting work for horse driven wagons. His son, Emil Dautel learned the trade from him and founded the manufacturing company in 1933. The company profited heavily by the demand in construction work after the World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19312386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312386" title="Arboretum de Villardebelle">
Arboretum de Villardebelle

The Arboretum de Villardebelle (6 hectares) is an arboretum specializing in conifers located in Villardebelle, Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.
The arboretum was established in 1994 on four locations across hilly terrain at an altitude of 510 to 670 meters, with stated aims including conservation of endangered species, scientific study and experimentation, education, environmental protection against erosion, and aesthetics. It is technically a pinetum because mainly dedicated to conifers.
The site's natural vegetation includes "Acer monspessulanum", "Buxus sempervirens", "Corylus avellana", "Crataegus monogyna", "Cupressus sempervirens", "Fraxinus excelsior", "Genista spp.", "Ilex aquifolium", "Juniperus communis", "Prunus avium", "Prunus spinosa", "Pteridium aquilinum", and "Quercus ilex". Timber plantings in the region include "Cedrus atlantica", "Fagus sylvatica", "Picea sitchensis", "Pinus nigra laricio" or "calabrica", "Pinus sylvestris", "Pseudotsuga menziesii", and "Quercus".
Since 1994 the arboretum has planted over 3500 specimens, mainly from seeds, including more than 190 Gymnosperm species and subspecies. A further hundred species are being cultivated in the arboretum's nursery. Some specimens of interest include "Araucaria araucana", "Calocedrus decurrens", "Calocedrus formosana", "Cedrus atlantica", "Cupressus dupreziana", "Cupressus torulosa", "Fitzroya cupressoides", "Glyptostrobus pensilis", "Juniperus occidentalis", "Keteleeria davidiana", "Keteleeria evelyniana", "Metasequoia glyptostroboides", "Picea chihuahuana", "Pinus attenuata", "Pinus elliottii", "Platycladus orientalis", "Prumnopitys andina", "Saxegothaea conspicua", "Sequoia sempervirens", "Thujopsis dolabrata", and "Widdringtonia cupressoides".

</doc>
<doc id="19312388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312388" title="Dobongsan">
Dobongsan

Dobongsan is a mountain in Bukhansan National Park, South Korea. It extends across Seoul, the national capital, and the cities of Yangju and Uijeongbu, in the province of Gyeonggi-do. It has an elevation of . Nearby Dobongsan Station is named for it.

</doc>
<doc id="19312396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312396" title="H36">
H36

H36 or H.36 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19312398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312398" title="Communauté de communes d'Auzances-Bellegarde">
Communauté de communes d'Auzances-Bellegarde

The communauté de communes d’Auzances-Bellegarde was created on December 27, 1995 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 24 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19312405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312405" title="Bhatia">
Bhatia

Bhatia is a rajput kshatriy caste and also a surname blongs to Jaisalmer state.
For the caste, see:
People with the last name Bhatia:

</doc>
<doc id="19312418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312418" title="Helene Olafsen">
Helene Olafsen

Helene Olafsen (born 21 February 1990) is a Norwegian snowboarder.
She placed tenth overall in the 2007-08 Snowboarding World Cup, and fifth in her special event boardercross, where she collected 3570 of her total 4160 points. She took her first victory in a World Cup event in March 2007, and finished fifth at the 2007 Winter X Games.
2010 Olympics.
Olafsen progressed all the way to the big final of Snowboard Cross at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, she finished fourth. Canada's Maëlle Ricker went on to win the gold medal for the host country.

</doc>
<doc id="19312428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312428" title="White Knight (Through the Looking-Glass)">
White Knight (Through the Looking-Glass)

The White Knight is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's book "Through the Looking-Glass".
He represents the chess piece of the same name. 
As imagined in John Tenniel's illustrations for the "Alice" stories he has echoes of John Millais's "Sir Isumbras at the Ford".
Storyline.
The White Knight saves Alice from his opponent, the Red Knight. He repeatedly falls off his horse and lands on his head, and tells Alice of his inventions, which consists of things such as a pudding with ingredients like blotting paper, an upside down container, and anklets to guard his horse against shark bites.
He recites a poem of his own composition, 'A-Sitting on a Gate', (but the song's "name" is called 'Haddocks' Eyes') and he and Alice depart.

</doc>
<doc id="19312430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312430" title="Communauté de communes du Haut Pays Marchois">
Communauté de communes du Haut Pays Marchois

The communauté de communes du Haut Pays Marchois was created on November 19, 2001 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France.
It comprises the following 13 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19312440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312440" title="Ten Years Old">
Ten Years Old

Ten Years Old is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 58th "Our Gang" short subject released. It was remade as "Birthday Blues" in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="19312456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312456" title="Thul">
Thul

Thul is the a town of Jacobabad District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It is located at 28°14'0N 68°46'0E at an altitude of 59 metres (196 feet) Tehsil Thul is biggest Tehsil of Sindh. 10 Police Stations 3 Town Committees 1 civil Hospital 5 rural health centers working .

</doc>
<doc id="19312461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312461" title="Stian Sivertzen">
Stian Sivertzen

Stian Sivertzen (born 28 March 1989) is a Norwegian snowboarder. He represents Kongsberg IF.
He placed eighth overall in the 2007-08 Snowboarding World Cup, and second in his special event boardercross, where he collected all of his 4180 points. He took his first victory in a World Cup event in September 2007, and has four podiums so far.

</doc>
<doc id="19312470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312470" title="Husby, Hedemora">
Husby, Hedemora

Husby is a locality situated in Hedemora Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden with 256 inhabitants in 2010.
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Husby:

</doc>
<doc id="19312479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312479" title="Ana James">
Ana James

Ana James is a soprano born in Dunedin, New Zealand. She currently lives in London and works at the Royal Opera House. Ana James was the first recipient of the Kiri Te Kanawa Foundation Award, which supports young operatic artists at the start of their careers.

</doc>
<doc id="19312489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312489" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's Marathon">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Men's Marathon

These are the official results of the Men's Marathon event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. The race was held on 14 August 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19312498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312498" title="Sindre Iversen">
Sindre Iversen

Sindre Iversen (born 5 April 1989) is a Norwegian snowboarder.
His greatest achievement is a third place in a February 2008 big air event during the 2007-08 Snowboarding World Cup circuit. He followed up with a fifth place in March the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19312500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312500" title="Love My Dog">
Love My Dog

Love My Dog is a 1927 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 59th "Our Gang" short subject released. It was remade in 1932 as "The Pooch".
Plot.
Jr shares his chicken with a dark colored dog that has a bad leg. Joe and Farina arrive on the scene, and cooks up a scheme to enter the dog in a dog show. Everything is fun and games until the dog catchers appear. The Gang and the dog catchers go back and forth capturing and losing the hounds. Much hilarity ensues. The bad guys finally capture the boys’ dog. As they are taking the dog to lock him away, the dog spots a baby following a cat out on a ledge several stories up. The dog races into the building and goes out on the ledge and saves the baby. The dog catchers capture the dog again. A great scene follows as Farina helps Jr wrestles with the dog catcher to save the dog as the Gang looks on. The Gang must raise five dollars to save the dog from being put to sleep. Jr, Joe and Farina find a boy who’ll pay two bits to punch them. Collectively, the gang takes it on the chin for their dog. They get their money and race to the pound only to be told that it was too late. They ask if they can have his remains and upon opening the gas chamber they discover that the dogs tail was plugging the gas hole.

</doc>
<doc id="19312524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312524" title="Tore Viken Holvik">
Tore Viken Holvik

Tore Viken Holvik (born 21 October 1988) is a Norwegian snowboarder from Geilo.
His greatest achievement is a third place in a February 2008 halfpipe event during the 2007-08 Snowboarding World Cup circuit. He has placed seven times among the top ten so far, in halfpipe and big air.

</doc>
<doc id="19312527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312527" title="Lex (given name)">
Lex (given name)

Lex is a given name. It is a common male name in the Netherlands, and is sometimes short for Alexander or Alexandra.
People bearing the name include:
Fictional characters so named include:

</doc>
<doc id="19312531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312531" title="Arboretum du Planel">
Arboretum du Planel

The Arboretum du Planel is an arboretum and nature preserve located near the Château d'Arques in Arques, Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was established in 1933 as a nursery for Eaux et Forêts, and is today a nature preserve with good hiking trails. It contains mature specimens of American red oak, Atlas Cedar, "Ginkgo biloba", "Liriodendron tulipifera", "Sequoiadendron", etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19312540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312540" title="Kim-Rune Hansen">
Kim-Rune Hansen

Kim-Rune Hansen (born 8 June 1988) is a Norwegian snowboarder from Hamar.
His greatest achievement is a victory in a March 2008 big air event during the 2007-08 Snowboarding World Cup circuit. Overall, he placed fifth in the big air section of the 2007-08 World Cup. He has placed three times among the top ten so far.

</doc>
<doc id="19312544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312544" title="Um El Faroud">
Um El Faroud

Um El Faroud was a 10,000 ton Libyan owned single screw motor tanker. Following a gas explosion during maintenance work in 1995, she was scuttled off the coast of Malta as an artificial reef and diving attraction.
History.
She was built in 1969 at Smith Dock Co. Ltd, Middlesbrough, England and was owned by the General National Maritime Transport Company, Tripoli (GNMTC). She had been operating between Italy and Libya carrying refined fuel up to 1 February 1995. On 3 February 1995 she was docked at No.3 Dock of Malta dry docks. During the night of 3 February an explosion occurred in No.3 centre tank and nine shipyard workers lost their lives. 
The vessel suffered structural deformation and, following inspection and survey, was considered a total write-off. She occupied the dock in the harbor of Valletta for three years until it was decided that the best option to utilize her remaining value was to tow her to sea and scuttle her as an artificial reef in 1998.
Diving.
The wreck sits upright on the sandy seabed southwest of Wied iz-Zurrieq near Qrendi. "Um El Faroud" weighs 10,000 tons and is long. The depth to the top of the bridge is and to the main deck. Scuba divers might come across some squid and barracudas at the stern. The wreck can be entered fairly easily, but due to its size, this should be restricted only to divers with advanced wreck diving training.
The vessel measures in length, and has a beam of ; the height of the vessel from keel to funnel top is approximately .
After a bad storm in winter 2005/6 the ship has now broken in two.

</doc>
<doc id="19312559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312559" title="Tired Business Men">
Tired Business Men

Tired Business Men is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 60th "Our Gang" short subject released..

</doc>
<doc id="19312567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312567" title="Communauté de communes d'Évaux-les-Bains Chambon-sur-Voueize">
Communauté de communes d'Évaux-les-Bains Chambon-sur-Voueize

The communauté de communes d’Évaux-les-Bains Chambon-sur-Voueize was created on December 28, 2001 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 13 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19312568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312568" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 21 (1959)">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 21 (1959)

Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 21 (1959) is the twenty-first volume of Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories, which is a series of short story collections, edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg, which attempts to list the great science fiction stories from the Golden Age of Science Fiction. They date the Golden Age as beginning in 1939 and lasting until 1963.
This volume was originally published by DAW books in June 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19312571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312571" title="Ulla-Maj Wideroos">
Ulla-Maj Wideroos

Ulla-Maj Wideroos (born 22 October 1951 in Jakobstad, Finland) is a Finnish politician who belongs to the Swedish People's Party. She has an education in economy and trade. Wideroos served as the second Minister of Finance in Matti Vanhanen's first cabinet from 27 April 2003 to 18 April 2007.
She is chairperson of the Swedish Assembly of Finland since April 2007.
Wideroos began her political career in Svensk Ungdom and became the municipal director for Oravais in 1986. She was elected to the government in 1995 and subsequently left the municipal director post.
Wideroos lives in Närpes. She is married and has a son.

</doc>
<doc id="19312574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312574" title="Zdeněk Ščasný">
Zdeněk Ščasný

Zdeněk Ščasný (born 9 August 1957) is a Czech football manager and former player. He currently manages FK Teplice.
Ščasný has won the Czech league championship five timesthree times as a player and twice as a coachand the Czech Cup three timestwice as a player and once as a coach.
He is best known for his years with Sparta Pragueboth as a player and a manager. He played as a defender and also in midfield. He has also coached Greek giants Panathinaikos.
Playing career.
Early career, Dukla Prague and first title.
Zdenek Ščasný in his youth played for Spartak Roudnice nad Labem. At 17 years old he moved to Dukla Prague, where he made his Czechoslovak First League debut. Ščasný spent four years with Dukla Prague, and won the Czechoslovak First League in 1976-77.
Sparta Prague and more titles.
In 1978 Ščasný moved to Sparta Prague, where he remained until 1985. With Sparta, Ščasný won the Czechoslovak Cup in 1979-1980, a Czechoslovak League and Cup double in 1983-84, and the league again in 1984-85.
Late career.
In 1985 Ščasný joined Bohemians, playing there for four and a half seasons. After Bohemians Ščasný played with Agro Slušovice for a short time and then moved to Cyprus to play for Anagennisi Dherynia before ending his playing career.
International career.
During his career Ščasný earned four caps as a Czechoslovakia national team player, making his debut against Cyprus on 27 March 1983. He also made five appearances for the Czechoslovakia national under-21 football team in 1979.
Managerial career.
Early career.
Ščasný began his coaching career by acting as a player-coach at Anagennisi Dherynia, and he later supervised the youth there.
Ščasný returned to his homeland in 1993, and, after working with some smaller clubs, he became an assistant coach at Sparta Prague in 1996.
Sparta Prague.
In the middle of the 1997-98 season Ščasný took over as Sparta's head coach and led the team to the 1. Liga championship. The following season Ščasný and Sparta repeated as league champions.
FK Viktoria Žižkov.
After his second league championship with Sparta, Ščasný took over Viktoria Žižkov in 1999-00. Ščasný spent three seasons with Žižkov, guiding them to great improvement year after year, as the team finished 9th-place in 1999-00, 5th-place in 2000-01, and 3rd-placethe club's highest-ever finishin 2001-02. In 2000-01 Ščasný led Žižkov to win the Czech Cup in 2000-01the club's first title since 1993-94.
Greece: OFI Crete and Panathinaikos.
After leaving Žižkov, Ščasný moved to Greece to be the head coach of OFI Crete. Ščasný led OFI to an 8th-place finish in his first season with the club.
Scasny had very poor relations with many of the players at OFI and by the time he left the club the situation between him and many of the players was terrible.
His work at OFI led Greek giants Panathinaikos to hire him early in the 2004-05 season to replace Itzhak Shum. Ščasný took over in the middle of Panathinaikos' UEFA Champions League campaign, and with two impressive draws against Arsenal, another draw in Norway against Rosenborg and a resounding win over PSV Eindhoven in Athens, Ščasný guided the Greek side to finish 3rd in a difficult group, thus moving them to the UEFA Cup. Before Panathinaikos began the UEFA Cup competition later that season though, Ščasný was replaced in favor of Alberto Malesani.
FK SIAD Most.
In the middle of the 2005-06 season modest Czech side FK SIAD Most was in its first-ever season in the Czech top flight, and was in danger of being relegated right back to the second division. Most turned to Ščasný during the winter break, Ščasný helped Most stay in the top flight that season, boosting the team to a surprising 10th-place finish. In the 2006–07 Gambrinus liga Ščasný's Most finished 12th and again remained in the first division. However, Ščasný left Most at the end of the season by mutual consent.
Mladá Boleslav.
After leaving Most, Ščasný took over at Mladá Boleslav early in the 2007-08 season. Boleslav was competing in the UEFA Cup that season, and in the first round of the competition Ščasný helped Boleslav pull off a stunning elimination of Italian club Palermo by winning 1-0 in the second leg of the tie in Italy. In the group stage of the competition, Boleslav finished 4th, behind Villarreal, Fiorentina and AEK Athens. Boleslav parted ways with Ščasný before the end of the season.
Return to FK Viktoria Žižkov.
In the middle of the 2008-09 season Žižkov was at the bottom of the table and likely to be relegated. Žižkov turned to Ščasný for help for the final 16 matches of the season, but it was too late - Ščasný could not save the club and they were relegated to the second division.
Debreceni VSC.
On 30 December 2010 Ščasný signed a 2-year contract with Hungarian champions, Debreceni VSC. On the 16th of April, 2011 he left the Hungarian club, after he failed to deliver sufficient wins.
Return to Czech football.
In October 2012 Ščasný returned to Czech football after a three-year absence, taking over at FK Teplice.
Other.
Zdenek's son Michal and daughter Pavlína are both professional footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="19312575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312575" title="Queralt Castellet">
Queralt Castellet

Queralt Castellet Ibáñez (born 17 June 1989 in Sabadell) is a Spanish snowboarder.
She competed at the 2006 Olympic Games, and finished tenth in halfpipe at the 2007 World Snowboard Championships. During the 2007-08 Snowboarding World Cup circuit she placed on the podium three times, and overall she placed third in the halfpipe section of the 2007–08 World Cup.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics she scored a 44.3 on her first qualifying run, third highest. However, she suffered a concussion while practising in the lead-up to the final and was subsequently forced to withdraw.
At the World Cup, she has 2 victories, and 5 additional podiums in halfpipe.
Personal.
Castellet currently lives in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19312582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312582" title="August Bloedner">
August Bloedner

Christian Friedrich August Bloedner was a German-born carpenter from Cincinnati, who served with the 32nd Regiment Indiana Infantry during the American Civil War. He built the 32nd Indiana Monument.
Biography.
August Bloedner was born around 1825 in Altenburg, Saxe-Altenburg, Germany. Emigrating to the United States, he lived in Cincinnati, Ohio until enlisting in the 32nd Regiment Indiana Infantry in August 1861. He commemorated the deaths of his comrades killed in action at the Battle of Rowlett's Station, Kentucky, in December 1861, by building the first American Civil War monument. This was the 32nd Indiana Monument, completed in January 1862. It was placed in Cave Hill Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky after the Civil War.
Following the conclusion of the war, Bloedner returned to Cincinnati, where he worked as a marble/stone cutter until his death from heart disease on November 14, 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="19312585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312585" title="Tikkurilan Tiikerit">
Tikkurilan Tiikerit

Tikkurilan Tiikerit is a Finnish floorball club from Vantaa. By licenced players, it is the fourth largest floorball club in Finland. It has 837 licenced players and over one thousand members.
Tikkurilan Tiikerit has a women's floorball team in Finland's highest league, the Salibandyliiga. There is also a men's team, which plays in a Division-I Floorball league.
In addition to the men's and women's teams, the club also has 25 junior teams (20 boys, 5 girls).
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19312593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312593" title="Jakarta Arts Council Novel Competition">
Jakarta Arts Council Novel Competition

Jakarta Arts Council Novel Competition (in Indonesia: Sayembara Novel Dewan Kesenian Jakarta) is annual novel competition held by Jakarta Arts Council in Indonesia.
The competition is considered prestigious, with first prize of twenty million Rupiah (approximately US $2000)

</doc>
<doc id="19312603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312603" title="Dasht Shahbaz">
Dasht Shahbaz

Dasht Shahbaz or Shahbaz Kalat is a historical place in tehsil Gwargo of Panjgur District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 26°41'32N 63°57'58E at an altitude of 884 metres (2903 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19312611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312611" title="Miss Construction">
Miss Construction

Miss Construction is a German electronic music band from Berlin.
History.
Miss Construction was formed by singer Chris Pohl in 2008. Needing a partner in crime, Chris turned to his fellow Terminal Choice collaborator Gordon M. The project is also slated to perform as a live band.
The first release was the new version of “Totes Fleisch”, a cover from Terminal Choice, followed by the debut album "Kunstprodukt", released on 28 April 2008 by Out of Line sublabel Fear Section. The Project was debuted at WGT 2008 in Leipzig.
Style.
The band played the genre industrial pop.

</doc>
<doc id="19312612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312612" title="Raw animal food diets">
Raw animal food diets

Foods included in raw animal food diets include any food that can be eaten raw, so including raw, unprocessed meats/organ-meats/raw eggs, raw dairy, and aged, raw animal foods such as century eggs, fermenting meat/fish/shellfish/dairy(such as kefir), as well as, to a lesser extent, nuts/sprouts/plants/fruits, but generally not raw grains, raw beans, raw soy etc., because of digestibility and toxicity issues and also because paleolists tend to reject neolithic or domesticated foods. Raw foods on such diets have not been heated at temperatures above . “Raw Animal Foodists” believe that foods cooked above this temperature have lost much of their nutritional value and are harmful to the body
Smoked meats are frowned upon by many Raw-Omnivores. Some make a distinction between hot-smoked and cold-smoked.
Those who eat a raw omnivorous diet usually choose to obtain their meats from free-range and grass-fed sources, to avoid harmful bacteria. A study by Cornell University has determined that grass-fed animals have far fewer "E. coli" (about 1/300th) than their grain fed counterparts. Also in the same study, the amount of "E. coli" they do have is much less likely to survive our first line defense against infection, gastric acid.
Grass-fed meat also has more nutrients, such as vitamins, minerals, and omega-3 fatty acids, than grain-finished meat
Other studies show that "E. coli" O157:H7, "Campylobacter", "Salmonella", and other dangerous pathogens have been repeatedly isolated from both grass-fed and grain-fed livestock and there are conflicting results regarding whether the levels of pathogens are higher, lower, or the same when animals are fed grass- or grain-based diets.
Examples of raw animal food diets include the Primal Diet and the Raw, Palaeolithic diet and the Tiger Diet.
The Primal Diet, is a diet consisting of
fatty meats, organ meats, dairy, honey, minimal fruit and vegetable juices and coconut cream, all raw. The founder of the Primal Diet is Aajonus Vonderplanitz, a resident of Malibu, California. It has been estimated by Aajonus Vonderplanitz that there are 20,000 followers of his raw-meat-heavy Primal Diet in North America, alone. Books by Aajonus Vonderplanitz, the Primal Diet author, include "The Recipe for Living Without Disease" and his book "We Want To Live - 2005 edition
The Nenet tribe of Siberia eat a traditional diet consisting of mostly raw meats/organ-meats and raw berries.
Those Inuit people that still follow their traditional diet eat a partially raw diet, including large amounts of raw meats/organ-meats and aged raw foods in the form of caribou and fish, among other foods.
Pemmican is the traditional North American travel food, prepared from dried meat, fat, and berries.
Gravlax (not smoked salmon) is the traditional (without sugar) Scandinavian way of preserving salmon.

</doc>
<doc id="19312623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312623" title="ZFKC-FM">
ZFKC-FM

ZFKC-FM (89.9 FM, "Radio Cayman 1") is a radio station in the Cayman Islands. The station is owned by the Cayman Islands Government and airs a news/talk format with focus on community affairs and current events plus blocks of music.
Radio Cayman was first broadcast was on 12 April 1976 but regular broadcasting did not begin until December of that year. The station's latest license was issued on 11 December 2003, but it was amended on 18 October 2007 to realign both the main Radio Cayman 1 transmitter in Grand Cayman and its Cayman Brac translator to the same 89.9 MHz frequency.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19312627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312627" title="Roger Hjelmstadstuen">
Roger Hjelmstadstuen

Roger Hjelmstadstuen (born March 11, 1979) is a retired Norwegian snowboarder.
His greatest achievement is a victory in a January 1998 halfpipe event during the 1997-98 FIS Snowboard World Cup circuit. He placed among the top ten four times.
He also won the bronze medal in halfpipe at the FIS Snowboarding World Championships 1997. He also finished 13th at the FIS Snowboarding World Championships 2005, and competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
He is now a snowboarding coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19312629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312629" title="Willebrand">
Willebrand

Willebrand or Willebrands may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312634" title="Erkko">
Erkko

Erkko is a Finnish family known for their ownership of the newspaper "Helsingin Sanomat"

</doc>
<doc id="19312636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312636" title="The Glorious Fourth (film)">
The Glorious Fourth (film)

The Glorious Fourth is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 62nd "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19312646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312646" title="Communauté de communes des Sources de la Creuse">
Communauté de communes des Sources de la Creuse

The communauté de communes des Sources de la Creuse was created on December 28, 2001 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 13 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19312656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312656" title="Eskola">
Eskola

Eskola may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312679" title="Blythe Heat">
Blythe Heat

The Blythe Heat are a professional baseball team based in Blythe, California. They play in the Arizona Winter League, a short-season instructional winter league affiliated with the North American League. They began play in 2007 and play their home games at Alexander Field in Blythe. They are the only team in the instructional that play the home games somewhere other than the league's home base of Yuma, Arizona's Desert Sun Stadium. They are owned by Diamond Sports & Entertainment. The team's uniform logo is that of the former Western Baseball League team, the Chico Heat, predecessors to the GBL's Chico Outlaws.
They won the AWL Championship in their first season in March 2008. They defeated the Canada Miners 10-5 in the Championship Game.
Season-by-season records.
Arizona Winter League:

</doc>
<doc id="19312688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312688" title="Archduchess Maria Anna Josepha of Austria">
Archduchess Maria Anna Josepha of Austria

Maria Anna Josepha of Austria (30 December 1654 – 4 April 1689) was the youngest surviving daughter of Ferdinand III, Holy Roman Emperor and his third wife Eleonora Gonzaga.
Maria Anna Josepha married in 1678, aged 24, John William, Elector Palatine. Maria Anna gave birth to two boys, both of whom died in infancy. She died of tuberculosis in 1689, aged 34. 

</doc>
<doc id="19312694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312694" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 22 (1960)">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 22 (1960)

Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 22 (1960) is an American science fiction anthology, the twenty-second volume in the Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories series, edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg, which attempts to list the great science fiction stories from the Golden Age of Science Fiction. They date the Golden Age as beginning in 1939 and lasting until 1963.
This volume was originally published by DAW books in February 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19312697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312697" title="Mayu Sakai">
Mayu Sakai


</doc>
<doc id="19312714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312714" title="2008 NCAA Division I FCS football season">
2008 NCAA Division I FCS football season

The 2008 NCAA Division I FCS (Football Championship Subdivision) football season, part of the college football season, began on August 28, 2008 and concluded on December 19, 2008 in Chattanooga, Tennessee at the 2008 NCAA Division I National Football Championship game, where the Richmond Spiders defeated the Montana Grizzlies to win the NCAA Division I Football Championship.
Rule changes for 2008.
The NCAA football rules committee made several rule changes for 2008, and includes the following:
Postseason.
Gridiron Classic.
The Gridiron Classic is an annual game between the champions of the Northeast Conference and the Pioneer Football League that has been held since December 2006.
Final poll standings.
Standings are from The Sports Network final 2008 poll.

</doc>
<doc id="19312717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312717" title="Cactuseraie d'Escaïre-Figue">
Cactuseraie d'Escaïre-Figue

The Cactuseraie d'Escaïre-Figue (1 hectare) is a botanical garden specializing in cactus. It is located in Montolieu, Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon, France, and open daily except Mondays.
The garden was created circa 2000, and now contains some 2,000 specimens representing about 900 varieties of cactus and succulents, in both natural and formal plantings, as well as a large greenhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19312728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312728" title="Stephen Wesley Gorton">
Stephen Wesley Gorton

Stephen Wesley Gorton (born 1952) is an internationally renowned Australian artist and the founder of the Paddington Art School. He currently resides in Sydney, Australia.
Education.
Stephen Wesley Gorton graduated with BA in Architecture (Honours) from Bristol University, UK in 1974. Later, Gorton completed a Bachelor of Architecture from Sydney University in 1976 with his major theses on "The Philosophy of Surrealism" and the art and architecture of "Antonio Gaudi". Later that year he held a one-man exhibition after being expelled from Alexander Mackie Art College for non-conformist ideas on Art.
Career.
Stephen Wesley Gorton was described as "one of the best contemporary draughtsmen" by Sydney Art Gallery owner and Expert Member of the French Art Dealer's Accociation, Anthony Field who went on to say, "He is one of the few whose graphic works reach beyond local or cultural boundaries and compare favourably with the best 19th and 20th Century Masters." His Artworks are owned by individuals and governments worldwide. Stephen has exhibited extensively in Europe, United States, and Australia.
In early 1999, Stephen's artwork was made more widely available through a series of limited-edition prints, promoted and distributed via the Internet. They are now available from RedBubble at http://www.redbubble.com/people/stephengorton
The Paddington Art School.
Gorton also founded the Paddington Art School in Sydney, Australia in 1980. He ran the school for 20 years intermittently while he spent periods living in New York and Cadaqués, Spain.
The Paddington Art School Web Site is at: http://www.paddingtonartschool.com/
Writings.
In 1993, he wrote and published the book "Drawing Power", which explores art and the metaphysical nature of drawing and painting. At present it is sold out and a New Edition od "Drawing Power" is underway.
Cadaqués.
From 1993 to 1994, Gorton's work was managed by Captain Peter Moore, Salvador Dalí's former manager of 25 years. During this time, Gorton lived and worked in Dalí's home town of Cadaqués, Spain, where he painted numerous portraits, homages to Dalí and was offered the commission to finish Dalí's unfinished paintings, which he declined on principle.
Collections.
Collections of Gorton's of work include:

</doc>
<doc id="19312729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312729" title="Urania Sternwarte">
Urania Sternwarte

Urania Sternwarte is a public observatory in the Lindenhof quarter of Zürich, Switzerland. Its name "Urania" refers to the muse of astronomy in Greek mythology.
History.
Its origins base on a first observatory on the roof of the Zunfthaus zur Meisen. In 1759, so called «Astronomische Kommission» succeeded from this location for the first time, to define "Culminatio solis" and thus calculated the exact global location of the city of Zurich. In later years, astronomical observations were done from the Grossmünster's southern "Karl's tower", followed by scientific observations (not for public use by interested enthusiasts) from the Federal observatory, built 1861/64 for ETH Zürich by Gottfried Semper.
In 1899, the Zürich merchant Abraham Weill Einstein initiated the oldest observatory in Switzerland, situated near "Werdmühleplatz" ("Uraniastrasse"). On June 15, 1907, the observatory was given to operational use. Its approximately 51 meter high tower, dominating western end of Zurich's historical Altstadt.
Telescope.
Urania's refracting telescope is equipped with a "Fraunhofer" two-lens system of 30 cm aperture and focal length of 5.05 meters, allowing maximal 600-fold magnification (mostly used 150- to 205-fold magnification). The refractor in the dome area is the center of the imposing tower building: The telescope stands on a pillar, contact-free installed through the center of the building to the foundations of the business house Urania, fitted with anti-vibration installations.
Its optical telescope measures twelve tons and was designed by Carl Zeiss AG in Jena, Germany, considered as a technical masterpiece. Urania's refractor topped technological history as "Urania type". On its centenary anniversary, telescope and dome were fully renewed. The Zeiss telescope, still meeting today's demands, was dismantled in March 2006, and in Jena fully restored. On April 25, 2007, the telescope was hoisted into the observatory's 51 m high dome, on May 4, 2007, its second opening ceremony was celebrated.
Observations and limitations.
The observatory offers guided tours – Moon, Solar System objects, stars, star clusters, interstellar clouds, and galaxies – and special events for a wide audience, as well as individual tours for schools and groups. Paid public tours can be found on clear weather from Tuesday to Friday, starting at 20:00 (8 pm). The central location and the city of Zurich overriding observation tower also provide an unusual view of the city, Lake Zurich and Alps. The "Urania" house hosts a restaurant and an exclusive Bar, too. At the same time, its location in the middle of the city of Zurich is a serious problem: light pollution allows restricted observations of few galaxies and nebulae. Therefore, observations are limited practically to the moon and planets and bright celestial objects.

</doc>
<doc id="19312758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312758" title="Canadian Race Relations Foundation">
Canadian Race Relations Foundation

Canadian Race Relations Foundation is a Canadian government agency responsible to foster racial harmony and cross-cultural understanding and help to eliminate racism. The foundation was opened in November 1997, after receiving royal assent on February 1, 1991. The Foundation operates at "arms length" from the government and is a registered charity. The Foundation is led by a board of directors appointed by the federal government as selected by the Prime Minister's Office by recommendations from the Secretary of State (Multiculturalism).
The agency was formed as a result of an agreement between the federal government and the National Association of Japanese Canadians called the Japanese Canadian Redress Agreement which acknowledged that the treatment of Japanese Canadians during and after World War II was unjust and violated principles of human rights. The Canadian Race Relations Foundation, CRRF is a charitable organization that concentrates on fostering racial harmony and cross-cultural understanding within the country with the purpose of eliminating racism. The foundation was opened on November 1997 and continues to be an important leader against racism today. CRRF is led by a board of directors and constitutes various staff members as well as volunteers. The foundation was partly founded by the National Association of Japanese Canadians (NAJC) who negotiated a contribution of $12 million on behalf of its community. The Government of Canada matched that amount to establish CRRF.
History of organization.
The Canadian Race Relations Foundation opened its doors in November 1997, following the Canadian Race Relations Foundation Act on October 28, 1996. The Act came about after the Japanese Canadian Redress Agreement in which the Government of Canada acknowledges that the treatment of Japanese Canadians during and after WWII was unjust and violated principles of human rights. The foundation’s purpose is to “foster racial harmony and cross-cultural understanding and help to eliminate racism”. The Canadian Race Relations Foundation operates at arm’s length with the government and is registered as a charitable foundation. The CRRF’s employees are not part of the Federal Public Service. 
In 2009 the Canadian Race Relations Foundation has confronted many challenges due to the economic downturn. Consequently, the CRRF has had to redesign some of their programs including temporarily suspending the “Initiatives Against Racism” program. The foundation therefore recently redesigned some of its programs to fulfill its mandate and maximize the delivery of its services. The foundation decided to focus on rationalization and streamlining of activities and projects, and increased partnerships with like-minded institutions. One major change was the temporary suspension of the "Initiatives Against Racism" program by replacing it with a series of round table discussions. 
Mission statement.
The Canadian Race Relations Foundation mission entails “providing leadership in the building of a national framework for the struggle against racism in Canada; providing advance understanding of the past and present causes and manifestations of racism; providing independent national leadership and serve as a resource and facilitator in the pursuit of equity, healing, fairness and justice in Canada; contributing to Canada’s voice in the international struggle against racism”.
The foundation aims to be a “leading and authoritative voice and agent in the struggle to eliminate racism in all its forms and to promote a more harmonious Canada”.
Current activities.
The Canadian Race Relations Foundation holds various activities in order to bring awareness to racial struggles within Canada. 
Public service announcements (PSA).
One current activity is the development of three 30-second public service announcement television spots into eight languages. These spots have been broadcast on OMNI-TV since February 25, 2010. The theme of these PSA is to "see people for who they really are: Unite Against Racism Campaign". The eight languages used for the PSA reflects the linguistic diversity of the increasing Canadian immigrant population and includes spots in Cantonese, Italian, Mandarin Chinese, Polish, Portuguese, Spanish, Tamil and Urdu. The whole production was funded by Rogers OMNI Television. “The impact of making key anti-racism messages available to multilingual audiences is an important step towards building an inclusive and accepting Canadian society,” says Madeline Ziniak, National Vice President of Rogers OMNI Television, which has fully funded the production of the PSAs. "OMNI is privileged to contribute, participate and make a difference in these aspirations." The PSAs are used in the largest multimedia anti-racism campaign in Canada. 
In partnership with the National Film Board of Canada, various mockumentaries about racism in the workplace "Work for all" have been released on http://www.nfb.com. Work for All is produced by the National Film Board of Canada with the Participation of Human Resources and Skills Development Canada.
Mobilizing municipalities.
The Canadian Race Relations Foundation has partnered with the Ontario Human Rights Commission (OHRC) to hold forums that will focus on “Mobilizing Municipalities to Address Racism and Discrimination”. The forums’ purpose is to bring together many municipal officials and community and university representatives to introduce a manual to confront racism and discrimination.
EDIT project.
With the collaboration of Images Interculturelles and the CRRF, the Conseil des relations interculturelles of Quebec developed the EDIT project. The EDIT project is an audit tool for organization who desire to foster, stimulate and increase their growth. The project uses a Human Resources participation point system for organizations to measure at various levels their business model, their ethnocultural diversity management and equity capacity practices.
Research projects.
The CRRF has established a niche for research projects that are not traditionally funded by the government. The Foundation has a program that provides funding of up to $7,500 for Initiatives Against Racism to support projects aimed at a broad public audience. Funding support for anti-racism initiatives is provided through the CRRF's Research and Initiatives Against Racism programs. The CRRF does not provide core funding to any organization but will support specific outreach/education initiatives. The CRRF is also consulted by officers from the Multiculturalism program at the Department of Heritage Canada as a key community resource in the national effort to address racism. 
The Canadian Race Relations Foundation offers education and training services with their ET Centre (Education and Training Centre). This centre provides diversity and human rights education and training within an anti-racism agenda. The services provided through the center can be either public or private and works through a variety of workshops and other activities. The CRRF has partnered with the Equity and Leadership Institute to provide experimental training with issues regarding emotional intelligence and conflict resolution. 
The organization also sponsors the "Policy Program" whose purpose is to develop and analyze policies in regards to the CRRF’s strategic direction. This direction concentrates on being a leader in the struggle to eliminate racism in all its forms, both nationally and internationally. The policy development program also prepares briefs to their partners and facilitates stakeholder engagement in the organization. 
Current organization features.
The CRRF holds an Awards of Excellence Program who recognizes public, private or voluntary organizations whose "efforts represent excellence and innovation in combating racism in Canada". This award recognizes best practices and is part of an educational program sponsored by the CRRF. 
Employees/volunteers.
The Canadian Race Relations Foundation is administered by a Board of Directors consisting of a Chair and up to nineteen other directors appointed by the federal government. The selection process is coordinated by the Prime Minister’s Office, based on recommendations by the Secretary of State (Multiculturalism). 
The day-to-day operations are managed by the Executive Director, who serves as a non-voting member of the Board. All of the foundation’s Directors come from all areas of Canada and bring a diversified cultural heritage and expertise. 
The CRRF hires staff from time-to-time, but has a small staff and therefore few hirings. The Canadian Race Relations Foundation also takes student placements and volunteers on a case-by-case basis.
Funding.
In order to establish the Canadian Race Relations Foundation, the National Association of Japanese Canadians (NAJC) negotiated a contribution of $12 million on behalf of its community. The contribution was matched by the Government of Canada to create a $24 million endowment fund to the CRRF.

</doc>
<doc id="19312759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312759" title="Olympic Games (film)">
Olympic Games (film)

Olympic Games is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 63rd "Our Gang" short subject released.
Plot.
The Gang competes in their version of the Olympics. As the boys try their hand at shot put, pole vault, and hurdles, Wheezer arrives and begins to teach Minnie how to do a Razzberry. They secretly razzle the Gang, and the gang keeps beating up an outsider who they accuse of the razzles. Farina tries the shot put, then later exhibits an exceptional pole vault. Joe has troubles with the pull up bar and a javelin. Peggy and Jean arrive to cheer on their hero, Joe. A rival gang appears and begins to pelt the kids with eggs and tomatoes. The Gang returns fire and hilarity results. They eventually catch Wheezer and Minnie razzing them; and they confront Wheezer. Wheezer sics Minnie on the Gang as they run away, Minnie on their heels.

</doc>
<doc id="19312764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312764" title="Aleksandras Štromas">
Aleksandras Štromas

Aleksandras Štromas (also referred to as Aleksander Shtromas) (4 April 1931 - 13 June 1999) was a prominent Lithuanian political scientist, dissident, professor. 
Biography.
Štromas was born in Kaunas, Lithuania. During the Nazi occupation of Lithuania he was imprisoned into Ghetto. After he was saved from the Ghetto, Štromas was harbored by Antanas Sniečkus. He studied at Vilnius University, and later finished at Moscow University. In 1964 Štromas defended his doctoral thesis in law. Soon afterward Štromas became a critic of the Soviet regime and was forced to emigrate. In 1973 he settled in the United Kingdom. There he became professor of Bradford University, and later worked in Saltford University, and, until his death, at Hillsdale College. Aleksandras Štromas died on 13 June 1999 in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="19312767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312767" title="Resets (album)">
Resets (album)

Resets is a compilation album of remixes made by various artists of songs found on the 2005 Presets album "Beams". It was released in limited quantities.

</doc>
<doc id="19312775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312775" title="List of Blue Mountains subjects">
List of Blue Mountains subjects

This is a list of articles about the Blue Mountains in New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19312779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312779" title="Palm Springs Power">
Palm Springs Power

The Palm Springs POWER is a collegiate-level baseball team based in Palm Springs, California and are members of the Southern California Collegiate Baseball League. The official team name is in capital letters: POWER. They play their home games at Palm Springs Stadium, also the home of the California Winter League (2010). All players use wooden bats during the two-month summer league.
History.
The Palm Springs POWER Baseball Club was created in the late summer of 2003 by Owner Andrew Starke. His goal of creating a fun inexpensive form of entertainment for Palm Springs and the Coachella Valley was accomplished June 4, 2004 at Palm Springs Stadium as the POWER took the field in front of 3,300 excited fans in their home opener.
Palm Springs Stadium was built in 1949 to originally serve as a Polo Ground. In 1960, famed Los Angeles Angels owner Gene Autry received an expansion from Major League Baseball to make Palm Springs Stadium the Angels' spring training facility. The Angels occupied the stadium until 1993. The Power have been fortunate to call the historic Palm Springs Stadium home since 2004.
The POWER baseball club was a former member of the Pacific Southwest Baseball League which has disbanded in the late 2000s.
The POWER owns the Palm Springs Chill a member of the California Winter League and formerly of the Arizona Winter League, co-operated by the Golden Baseball League.
In 2011, the GBL became the North American League. Also there's a California Winter League (2010) team with the POWER name.
In 2012, the POWER may play 9 other teams: the High Desert Heat of Barstow, California and Hesperia, California (formerly of Lake Havasu City, Arizona); the L.A. Thrashers of Brea, California; the Long Beach Legends; the Orange County Hitmen of Orange, California; Pasadena Pros; the SoCal Athletics of Irvine, California, the SoCal Bombers of Carson, California, the So Cal Sklz of Escondido; and the Diamond Valley Sabres of Hemet, California. In the schedule the POWER with 5 non SCCBA teams - the Pomona Pride of Pomona, California; the Banning, California Hermits; the System 5 team of Moreno Valley, the Inland Empire Aces of Riverside, California; Yucaipa Valley Yuppies; and the El Centro Aces of El Centro, California representing the Imperial Valley.
Notable alumni.
Many athletes that have contributed to the POWER team since its inception have continued on to perform in the MLB and many of its affiliated minor league teams. Years noted are when the athletes played for the POWER.
2004
Kyle Huddy - Cincinnati Reds; Manny Ayala - San Diego Padres; Jose Torres - Texas Rangers; Gabriel Suarez - Washington Nationals; Joe Frazee - Philadelphia Phillies; Matt Vogel - Seattle Mariners; Will Savage - Philadelphia Phillies; Mike Rocco - Chicago White Sox; Loren Fraser - Detroit Tigers; Nate Holguin - Sioux City Explorers; Kevin Brophy - Tampa Bay Rays; and Kurt Crowell - Milwaukee Brewers.
2005
Eric Sheridan - Houston Astros; James Simmons - Oakland Athletics; Brian Letko - Toronto Blue Jays; Aaron Seuss - Washington Nationals; Frank Lonigro - New York Yankees; Troy Hanzawa - Philadelphia Phillies; and Robert Grace - San Francisco Giants; Matt Weston - also the San Francisco Giants.
2006
Kurt Mertins - Kansas City Royals; Nick Salotti - Worcester Tornadoes; Johnny Coit - Fullerton Flyers; Brian Shaw - Arizona Diamondbacks; Gabe Jacobo - Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim; Ari Ronick - San Francisco Giants; and Andres Esquibel - Seattle Mariners; Dustin Birosak - also Seattle Mariners .
2007
Matt Clark - San Diego Padres; and Chris Siegfried - Chicago Cubs .
2008
Mitch LeVier - Oakland Athletics.
Mascot.
Rocky the Ram.
Rocky the Ram is the official mascot of the Palm Springs POWER. He is an anthropomorphic Ram who wears #99 on his red POWER jersey. Rocky has been entertaining the fans since the inaugural 2004 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19312787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312787" title="SS Abessinia (1900)">
SS Abessinia (1900)

SS "Abessinia" is supposedly the largest vessel wrecked on the Farne Islands, Northumberland, England. The "Abessinia" lies down the western slope of the Knivestone reef as deep as . This 5,735 ton German steamer was built in 1900 by Palmers Shipbuilding & Iron Co. Ltd., Jarrow and Hebburn-on-Tyne with a 642 hp triple-expansion engine. She was en route with general cargo from Chile for Germany on 3 September 1921 when she sunk after hitting Knivestone Rock in Farne Islands. She sits with her boiler clear of jumble of wreckage at a depth of 18m at .

</doc>
<doc id="19312795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312795" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 23 (1961)">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 23 (1961)

Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 23 (1961) is an American collection of science fiction short stories, the twenty-third volume of " Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories", a series of short story collections, edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg, which attempts to list the great science fiction stories from the Golden Age of Science Fiction. They date the Golden Age as beginning in 1939 and lasting until 1963.
This volume was originally published by DAW books in July 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19312800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312800" title="Urania Sternwarte (disambiguation)">
Urania Sternwarte (disambiguation)

Urania Sternwarte may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312802" title="Soysambu Conservancy">
Soysambu Conservancy

The Soysambu Conservancy was created in 2007 as an entity to conserve the flora, fauna and scenery of Soysambu Ranch, which is to the northwest of Gilgil, Rift Valley Province, Kenya. 
The Conservancy has taken a conservation lease over the ranch, which would be the portal to the proposed Nakuru-Naivasha wildlife corridor.
The Conservancy is and borders the Elmenteita Badlands in the south in the area around Mawe Mbili. On the west it shares a boundary of 12.1 km with Lake Nakuru National Park.
History.
Soysambu Ranch has been farmed by Lord Delamere's family since it was founded in 1906. The current operations include a large beef herd, a hay baling operation and an agri-forestry enterprise among others. The owners had always cherished wildlife but had found the cost of securing it exorbitant. This partnership will enshrine public access, best management practices and provide a new business model for everyone in the area to benefit from. This is not so much of a lease as a complete paradigm shift for a previously privately operated agricultural enterprise.
Winston Churchill picnicked by the lake in 1908 after some pig sticking, Evelyn Waugh stayed for a spot of "corridor creeping" in the 1930s. Jomo Kenyatta came for a small picnic (only 300 dancers) in 1978 (shortly before his death), and Prince Amyn Aga Khan came for lunch in 2001. Part of Tomb Raider 3 was filmed on the northern lakeshore and Simon Combes grew up there and returned later to live there.
Pelican nesting site of regional importance.
The conservancy covers the northern, western and part of the southern shores of Lake Elmenteita. This lake is the last breeding place in Kenya for pelicans, which nest on some rocky islands in the lake. 
The pelicans feed in Lake Nakuru, 10 km to the west, and then feed their young with fish they have carried across in their beaks. They generally prey on Tilapia grahamii. Some have escaped into the waters of Lake Elmenteita, where they breed in the Kekopey hot springs.
Notable translocated animal species.
In addition to over 50 mammal species found on Soysambu, some 11 Rothschild giraffe were translocated on form Lake Nakuru Park in 1995 and a further 1 from Giraffe Manor. This was carried out by KWS in conjunction with the Lewa Wildlife Conservancy lorry.
In 2002 a complete family group of Colobus monkeys were moved into the riverine forest from behind Gilgil where their habitat was being fast destroyed. This was facilitated by the Wakuluzi Colobus trust.
Aardvarks to Zorillas.
Pretty much sums it up, no elephants, no rhinos. Cheetah eradicated after 1996 by itinerant grazier neighbours. Approx 12000 head of wildlife counted quarterly in conjunction with KWS. 3 species of jackals, both hyena species, lions jump in from the park next door.
Conservancy projects.
1) Fencing project around 2 sides of Soysambu leaving the park on the west and the wildlife corridor to the South East.
2) Operational capital expenditure for Rangers uniforms, equipment and vehicles.
3) Wetland restoration of the Mbaruk rivermouth by putting a bund in the swamp and restoration of the riverine gallery forest by restoring the old furrow.
4) The Elementeita Health Centre needs assistance to complete the construction which DEL started and to equip it. It is hoped that St. Mary's hospital, a neighbour, will operate it as a referral centre.
5) To convert Sugonoi house into a research centre for student activities and wildlife research which allows much better management decisions.
6) Information gathering about the plethora of prehistoric sites and areas of anthropological interest. Also to work with the Museums of Kenya on gazettement of some of the key sites.
7) To develop Lake Elementeita's future status as a World Heritage site, developing plans and consensus building through consultative workshops.
8) A livestock management project for neighbouring farmers which involves rehabilitating and refilling some cattle dips together with some advice on husbandry. In future SCL should like to assure value addition for their stock marketing services through a milk collection centre and the slaughterhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19312835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312835" title="Granqvist">
Granqvist

Granqvist and Grankvist are surnames of Swedish origin which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312841" title="Gripenberg">
Gripenberg

Gripenberg is a locality situated in Tranås Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 292 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19312849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312849" title="Sultan Sarang">
Sultan Sarang

Sultan Sarang was a chief of the Gakhar tribe which resided in the Pothohar region in Northern Punjab, modern-day Pakistan. He was born in Pharwala fort and his father was a Gakhar chief Tatar Khan. Due to his services to Mughal emperor Babur, Sarang Khan was bestowed the title of Sultan by Emperor Babur. 
Sarang's father Takar Khan/Tattar Khan allied with Mughal Emperor Babur on his campaign of Hind. However, Hathi Gakhar had assassinated Takar/Tattar in a late night raid on his camp, capturing his possessions, his women and wealth. Whence Hathi Khan was defeated by Babur (who recruited the local Janjua Rajputs for this battle), he was later assassinated by an aged Sarang through poison. Sarang, now claimed leadership of the turbulent Gakhar tribe, inheriting also the title of Sultan from Mughal Babur.
When Sher Shah Suri expelled Mughal Humayun the son of Babur, Sarang resisted Sher Shah on the notion of loyalty to the ousted Mughal. 
Sultan Sarang was later captured by Emperor Sher Shah and flayed alive. His daughter was handed to Mughal commander Khawas Khan in accordance with the Imperial order of revenge upon Sarang for his refractory rebellion against the Suri Empire.
Sultan Sarang died in 1546 CE and is buried in tomb in Rawat Fort. His brother Adam Khan assumed leadership of the tribe upon his demise.
Sultan Raja Erij Zaman Khan is the present chief.

</doc>
<doc id="19312858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312858" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 24 (1962)">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 24 (1962)

Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 24 (1962) is an American collection of science fiction short stories, the twenty-fourth volume in the "Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories", a series of short story collections, edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg, which attempts to list the great science fiction stories from the Golden Age of Science Fiction. They date the Golden Age as beginning in 1939 and lasting until 1963.
This volume was originally published by DAW books in January 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19312860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312860" title="Chicken Feed">
Chicken Feed

Chicken Feed is a 1927 short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 66th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19312874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312874" title="Cronstedt">
Cronstedt

Cronstedt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312877" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's Marathon">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's Marathon

These are the official results of the Women's Marathon event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. The race was held on 7 August 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19312890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312890" title="Gustin Nash">
Gustin Nash

Gustin Nash is an American screenwriter best known for writing the 2007 film "Charlie Bartlett" and the 2010 film "Youth in Revolt".
Life and career.
Nash began writing the screenplay for "Charlie Bartlett" when he was 26 years old and working at a mall in Burbank, California. He spent time with a group of teenagers through to thirty-year-olds—the "sub-culture of the mall"—watching films and playing video games, and noticed the discrepancies between the teenagers' behavior and the way they were portrayed in the teen films they saw. He had attended the University of Southern California to learn screenwriting and had already written nine as-yet unsuccessful spec scripts. He went to his father, a psychiatrist, and told him that he was unsure of whether he could become a successful screenwriter in the film industry. His father advised him to create a list of everything he hoped to accomplish, and write next to each "You can do it". That night, he dreamed of a character who remained optimistic and whose mantra was "You can do it"; he says the entire film came to him in one night, and he had completed the "Charlie Bartlett" screenplay in four weeks after observing his teenage friends further for inspiration.
As Nash finished writing "Charlie Bartlett", he read C. D. Payne's novel "Youth in Revolt" for the first time. He wrote the screenplay for a film adaptation of the same name. He says that, writing the screenplay, he stayed as honest to the novel as possible besides changing the ending because he envied Payne's writing, saying jokingly, "Here was a chance to take credit for writing something that was much better than what I'd come up with on my own." He says he preferred adapting "Youth in Revolt" to writing "Charlie Bartlett" as he had source material, and in early 2008 he was working on a spec script based on a graphic novel series of short stories called "Rumble, Young Man, Rumble", which he is in an agreement to direct as well. He is also working on another teen film to star Vince Vaughn titled "Career Day", based around a high school career day where adults visit the school to speak about their professions.

</doc>
<doc id="19312896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312896" title="Haapalainen">
Haapalainen

Haapalainen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312898" title="Hollingwood">
Hollingwood

Hollingwood is a small village approximately four miles north east of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England.
Description.
Hollingwood and Barrow Hill were built in c.1900 when the Staveley Coal and Iron Company formed and built the for their workers. It is alleged that Hollingwood was the first village in the country to have hot running water via a ring main from a central boiler house in the village. This boiler house was shut down in the very early 1980s when gas and electric boilers became readily available.
It is surrounded by Brimington, Barrow Hill, and Inkersall. Between Barrow Hill and Hollingwood runs the Chesterfield Canal which is currently being regenerated by the Chesterfield Canal Trust. The canal house at Hollingwood has been renovated as a visitor centre and a very popular cafe, as well as being the head-quarters of the Trust.
Between Hollingwood and Inkersall is Ringwood Park, this houses a fishing lake, BMX bike track and a small play park. At the top of the park is Ringwood Hall which was built by the Markham family for the management of Staveley Works. During the early eighties when the works started declining and management numbers fell it was opened up to lesser ranked workers to keep money coming in. However membership was strictly by committee only and members had to be approved. It is now open for wedding functions and has a number of rooms for rent. It also has a gym and pool which can be used by the public.
It has a pub called the Hollingwood formerly known as the Hollingwood Hotel, this has a bowling green located at the rear of the pub. It also has a club called the BRSA club on Station Road, more commonly known as the 'Railway Club'. It did have another club called the 'Trough Lees', formerly known as the Lees Buildings, but this has now been demolished and at the moment the land lies in ruin. On the same road as the 'Trough Lees' is a working farm currently still in operation. It also houses a 'tack' shop which sells horse, dog, cat and bird food and supplies. Farm produce can be bought from the farm as well such as eggs, potatoes etc...Also local residents who have horses keep them there.
It used to have a church called St. Francis Church on Cedar Street, but this is now a set of flats.
It has a small infant and junior school called Hollingwood Primary School, the school has just opened as a new build, the old original school has now been demolished. The village did have a secondary school,which was called Westwood Lower School, it used to school ages 11–14 (Westwood Upper School was located in nearby Brimington and used to school ages 14–16). The school was closed in 1992 and the land was sold off for housing to Barratts the housebuilders. The schools football field remained untouched and is now used for Sunday League football and events that are hosted by the Hollingwood public house.
The local post office closed in November 2008 and the space left by it is currently waiting for planning permission to be granted to be turned into an Indian takeaway. However the other local shop has now reopened (Mar 2009) and seems to by flourishing. It is neighboured by a Pizza Shop (Hollingwood Express) and a Chinese takeaway (Happiness House)
Opposite these shops is the Jehovahs Witness Hall and alongside it is a small play park with 4 swings, a slide and a climbing frame alongside a grassed area.

</doc>
<doc id="19312908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312908" title="Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 25 (1963)">
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 25 (1963)

Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 25 (1963) is an American collection of science fictions stories, the last volume of the "Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories" series of short story collections, edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg, which attempts to list the great science fiction stories from the Golden Age of Science Fiction. They date the Golden Age as beginning in 1939 and lasting until 1963.
This volume was originally published by DAW books in July 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19312912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312912" title="GNC Grip Gauntlet">
GNC Grip Gauntlet

The GNC Grip Gauntlet (officially the "GNC Pro Performance Grip Gauntlet") is a strength athletics contest that tests the grip strength of competing individuals over three disciplines, each designed to test one of the three recognised facets of hand strength: crushing; pinching; and supporting. It was developed by Wade and Brad Gillingham and became an internationally recognised contest featured at some of the world's most prominent strength athletics events and expos, including the Arnold Strongman Classic and the various WSM Super Series Grand Prixs. The last time the GNC Grip Gauntlet was run in a competitive format was the 2010 Arnold Classic. Since that time the challenge has changed to an informal challenge with no official results maintained. Prizes are still awarded for successful completion of the challenge. A complete list of competition results can be found here.
History.
In 2002 Wade and Brad Gillingham (GNC Pro Performance Sponsored Athletes) and General Nutrition Center (GNC) introduced The Blob Challenge in the GNC booth at the Mr. Olympia in Las Vegas, NV. The Blob Challenge was run in the GNC booth at 4 events from 2002 - 2003. Late in 2003 Wade and Brad Gillingham wanting to expand the challenge came up with the idea to test 3 main facets of grip strength: Crushing Strength, Pinching Strength, and Supporting Strength. Upon approval from GNC to expand the challenge Wade approached Randall Strossen from IronMind to get permission to use Captains of Crush grippers as part of the challenge. In conversation with Randall it was decided that Wade and Brad's original idea to use a Thomas Inch Dumbell replica for the supporting grip challenge should be replaced with the IronMind Rolling Thunder. The "GNC Pro Performance Grip Gauntlet" debuted at the 2004 Arnold Expo Challenge. The three implements used were the No. 3 Captains of Crush gripper, the Rolling Thunder, and an implement called the Blob. Cash prizes were available for succeeding with all three elements of the challenge. An estimated 20,000 competitors at Fitness Expos over a 7 year run from 2004-2010 tested their hands at the GNC Grip Gauntlet. A complete list of competition results can be found here.
As to the stature of the Gauntlet, Gillingham is quoted as saying in 2008: ""If you think this challenge isn't world class, think again. Over the past four years, an estimated 10,000 attempts have been made to complete the three challenges on the GNC Grip Gauntlet stage and only two individuals have ever completed all three in the ‘heavy’ format."
The Gauntlet eventually settled on three formats, Light, Medium and Heavy. In early 2009, the weight of the Rolling Thunder was dropped from 212 lbs to 207 lbs, to correspond with Ironmind's new version of the Rolling Thunder. In 2010 due to changes in the Rolling Thunder and a change from Captain's of Crush grippers to the new GNC Pro Performance Hand Grippers, it was decided by Wade Gillingham that the historical integrity of the event was not longer sound enough to continue compiling a list of winners.
Disciplines.
The disciplines of crushing, pinching and supporting are tested. Crushing, uses the IronMind Captains of Crush grippers. Supporting is tested using IronMind Rolling Thunder. Pinching (or pinch gripping) uses the Blob.
Rolling Thunder.
Although often referred as a part of the GNC Grip Gauntlet, the Rolling Thunder's history goes back more than a decade before the Gauntlet first existed. IronMind developed the Rolling Thunder in 1993 and it is now known by strong men worldwide. One-hand deadlifts had long been a preferred means of testing and building grip strength and Rolling Thunder itself is a thick revolving deadlift handle to which can be attached weights. Such is the rise of its popularity that Rolling Thunder competitions are often held in conjunction with major strongman events including the Mohegun Sun Grand Prix 2008 and the Hawaii based Beauty and the Beast Strongman Contests. As part of the GNC Grip Gauntlet it is also seen around the world at expos. Early on in its history, in 1993, Ironmind issued a challenge to the world of strongmen to lift 300 lbs with Rolling Thunder, and it took 15 years for this challenge to be met when Mark Felix performed the feat at the Mohegan Sun Grand Prix 2008, in the process becoming Rolling Thunder World Champion. In May 2009 Felix defended his Mohegan Sun title, although this was not considered the world championships. He defended the world title in June 2009 in Quebec as a lead-in event to the Fortissimus championships.
Mark Felix recently set a new Rolling Thunder world record on May 22, 2012 at the Bodypower Expo in Birmingham, England with a lift of , more than 30 lbs. heavier than his previous world record of .

</doc>
<doc id="19312918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312918" title="Häkkinen">
Häkkinen

Häkkinen is a surname originating in Finland. It may also refer to, alphabetically:

</doc>
<doc id="19312923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312923" title="Playin' Hookey">
Playin' Hookey

"Playin' Hookey" is a 1928 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 69th "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19312962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312962" title="2008 Northern Iowa Panthers football team">
2008 Northern Iowa Panthers football team

The 2008 Northern Iowa Panthers football team represented the University of Northern Iowa in the 2008 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The previous year's team finished first (of nine) in the Gateway Football Conference. The Gateway Football Conference was renamed the Missouri Valley Football League in June 2008. The team is coached by Mark Farley and play their home games in the UNI-Dome.

</doc>
<doc id="19312963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312963" title="Mandy Jones">
Mandy Jones

Amanda Ellen "Mandy" Jones is a former British racing cyclist who won the women's world road race championship in 1982.
Biography.
Jones joined the West Pennine Road Club to ride on Sunday outings. She rode her first race in 1974 and five years later tied with Julie Earnshaw for first place in the national junior 10-mile time trial championship. They recorded 25m 42s.
The experience persuaded her to race seriously. She rode the world road race championship for Britain in 1980, when she was 18, and took the bronze medal behind the American Beth Heiden on a tough circuit at Sallanches, in the French Alps.
The "Golden Book of Cycling", which she signed when she was 29, said: "Her potential was evident: Britain had a new star in the making."
She won the national 3,000m individual pursuit championship at Leicester in 1982, broke the world 5,000 metres record on the same track in the same year, and became national 50-mile time-trial champion.
Riding the world championship road race in Goodwood, Sussex, England that year, she broke clear of the field to win by 10 seconds. She was the first British woman to win a world championship for 15 years. She said:
She was, said the "Golden Book of Cycling", "the perfect example of how a youngster, while enjoying the companionship and adventure of club runs, can successfully aspire to becoming a world champion by self-dedication and encouragement.'
Now Mandy Bishop, she runs cycle shop Surosa Cycles in Oldham, Greater Manchester with her husband.
In 2009, she was inducted into the British Cycling Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19312984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312984" title="Dariyapur">
Dariyapur

Dariyapur is situated in the heart of Nalanda district.
This village is 3 km far from the Nischalgung, which is the local market of this village. This village has a lot of educated man power. All the peoples of this village is well literate and well qualified.
Introduction.
Dariyapur is one of developed village in Nalanda district. Cultivation, Business and Service are main employment source of this village. The main crops of this village is paddy, wheat and some rabi crops also.
All the youngsters of this village is on great post on their respective fields.
This village falls in the Hilsa subdivision. Parwalpur is the police satation and the local postoffice is Khirauti.
This village is fall into the Shivnagar pancayat. All the persons of this village is belongs to Bhumihar cast.
This village is one of the developed village in the Nalanda district of state Bihar. Other Nearby villages are Barabigha, Bhobhi, Bhudkur etc. With all the qualification and development, this village is still lacking from the good facility of electricity, telephone, transportation etc.
About Bhumihar cast.
Bhumihar or Babhan or Bhuin-har is an upper caste mainly found in the Indian states of Bihar, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh and Bundelkhand region of Madhya Pradesh. The Bhumihars are classified in the Brahmin varna of Hinduism.The Bhumihars claim that when Parashurama destroyed the Kshatriya race, and he set up in their place the descendants of Brahmins, who, after a time, having mostly abandoned their priestly functions (although some still perform), took to land-owning. They also claim that Lord Parashurama was the first Bhumihar.

</doc>
<doc id="19312987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312987" title="Goldacre">
Goldacre

Goldacre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19312988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312988" title="Épanchoir de Foucaud">
Épanchoir de Foucaud

The Épanchoir de Foucaud is a small botanical garden located in Pennautier just outside Carcassonne, Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. It contains a collection of Mediterranean plants set about an "épanchoir" of the Canal du Midi, that is, a spillway for the canal's excess water. The garden is open daily without charge. 

</doc>
<doc id="19312994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19312994" title="The Smile Wins">
The Smile Wins

The Smile Wins is a 1928 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 72nd "Our Gang" short subject released.

</doc>
<doc id="19313003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313003" title="Kunstprodukt">
Kunstprodukt

Kunstprodukt is the debut album from the German electronic music band Miss Construction.
History.
The album starts with a compact intro that comes along with noisy sound structures and beats, the ‘Miss Construction Theme’ which follows directly after the intro. There are also songs with lyrics like Kunstprodukt dealing with the phenomenon of the super pop stars who get famous despite the fact that they seemingly lack artistic talent or singing skills.

</doc>
<doc id="19313012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313012" title="Adriana Barbu">
Adriana Barbu

Adriana Barbu (born January 17, 1961) is a retired female long-distance runner from Romania, who specialized in the marathon race. 
Barbu is best known for winning the bronze medal in the classic distance at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, clocking 2:30.55. She also triumphed in the 1987 edition of the Amsterdam Marathon, on May 10, 1987 in 2:36.21. 
She also won the 1995 Paris Half Marathon.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19313039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313039" title="Gulistan Tehsil">
Gulistan Tehsil

Gulistan is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Qilla Abdullah District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into five Union Councils and is headquartered at the town of Gulistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19313051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313051" title="Castle clock">
Castle clock

A castle clock is a clock whose face is mounted outside a castle or perhaps a church tower. They may be elaborate or simple.
Al-Jazari constructed an elaborate clock and described it in his "Book of Knowledge of Ingenious Mechanical Devices" in 1206. It was about 3.3 metres high (11 feet), and had multiple functions alongside timekeeping. It included a display of the zodiac and the solar and lunar paths, and a pointer in the shape of the crescent moon which travelled across the top of a gateway, moved by a hidden cart and causing automatic doors to open, each revealing a mannequin, every hour. It was possible to re-program the length of day and night daily in order to account for the changing lengths of day and night throughout the year, and it also featured five robotic musicians who automatically play music when moved by levers operated by a hidden camshaft attached to a water wheel. Other components of the castle clock included a main reservoir with a float, a float chamber and flow regulator, plate and valve trough, two pulleys, crescent disc displaying the zodiac, and two falcon automata dropping balls into vases.

</doc>
<doc id="19313054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313054" title="Drummond and Smith College">
Drummond and Smith College

Drummond and Smith College is one of the seven residential colleges within the University of New England (Australia). Drummond and Smith College houses approximately 200 full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students during the University trimesters. 
History.
Drummond and Smith College, a combination of the original Drummond College and SH Smith House, has had a long association with education in Armidale. When the Armidale Teachers’ College (ATC) was established in 1928 there was a need to provide accommodation for the women students and this was met by using Girrahween a building opposite Central Park, which had originally been constructed as a private boarding school for girls. In 1930 the residence was renamed after the then Director of Education in New South Wales, Stephen Henry Smith. S H Smith House remained as a residence for ATC until 1972, then continued as a residence for Armidale College of Advanced Education students until amalgamation with the University in 1989. When Smith House became co-ed in 1974 it housed 233 students in a complex of buildings.
During the period following amalgamation, the College Finance Officer was Ms Allison Rocks and the Head of Residence was Dr AW (Sandy) Scott. Drummond College was established as a College of the University in 1969 with 109 females and 44 males, with Dr Richard Bawden appointed as the first permanent head of the College in 1970. Drummond College operated throughout the 1970s until 1979 when the University withdrew it from student accommodation and used it primarily for conferences, also giving office space to the Financial Management Research Centre and The Regional Centre for Music and Drama.
Drummond is named after the late Hon. David Henry Drummond, a prominent State and Federal parliamentarian, and for almost 14 years, NSW Minister for Education. D H Drummond played a vital role in the establishment of the University of New England in the mid to late 1930s and is often referred to as the Father of the University of New England. The College was restored and reopened as a fully operational college in 1990. During most of this period from 1990 to 1996 Mrs Wallis Lenehan was the Secretary and Mr Mike Knowling was appointed the Principal.
Following a downturn in students requiring residential accommodation, the University decided in late 1996 to consolidate the residential colleges on the main campus and to generally reduce the number of beds in the residential system for 1997. One result of this decision was the amalgamation of Drummond College and S H Smith House to form the new entity Drummond and Smith College. This was located in the Drummond College buildings with Dr AW (Sandy) Scott as Principal.
Crest and Motto.
The S H Smith House crest has been in place above the front foyer of Girrahween since it was built in 1889. Why John Bliss, the builder, used the St Andrews Cross on a curved raised surface set on scroll-like background is not known. However, the origin of the motto is: in 1992 Maurice Kelly, a retired UNE classics scholar was asked to write a Latin phrase to encapsulate the ideas of good living, health, and learning. "Salubritati et litteris studemus" literally meaning “health and letters are our concern”, was his response. By way of contrast, Drummond College had its crest and motto devised by students in 1970. The motto "Cognoscimus quo vivamus" literally means “learning to live”, the idea coming from Isabelle Davidson.
The crest is based on a design by John Tilly. Briefly, the two Tudor roses of the Drummond College crest represent the two sexes in the college (it was a relatively new concept to have co-ed colleges in 1970); the red wavy lines are symbols from the Drummond family; and the book signifies learning and scholarship. Both the original College shields, carrying the crest and motto, were donated by final year students. They now hang in the College dining room.
Student Support Team.
Resident Fellows.
The positions of Resident Fellows (RF) are annual appointments and involve two main responsibilities. Firstly, the Resident Fellow is allocated a floor, and is responsible for the well being of the members of that floor and the encouragement of a successful mix of academic, cultural, social and sporting involvement by the residents. Secondly, out of College Office hours the Resident Fellow is responsible for the security of the residents and the College premises, and to see that social activities do not disturb other students. The head of the Resident Fellows team is the Senior Resident Fellow, who holds a senior position across all aspects of College life.
Academic Mentors.
Academic Mentors are appointed to assist in specialised academic areas. They are usually senior students of the College and are required to help students on a face-to-face basis usually via a weekly mentoring session. The Academic Mentors assist in identifying student learning needs, and with the Senior Academic Mentor, coordinate additional support where possible.
Drummond and Smith Residents' Association.
The Drummond and Smith Residents' Association (DSRA) is the representative body for the students at Drummond and Smith College, as well as affiliated members. The Drummond and Smith Residents' Association committee consists of 15 members, of which the President, Vice-President, Treasurer and Secretary for the executive. The DSRAC organises and facilitates various functions, sporting events, pub nights and fund raisers.
Sports.
Drummond and Smith College participates in a number of sports organised for the residential colleges within the University of New England (Australia). Some sports the College gets involved in are athletics; touch football; soccer; waterpolo; netball; and tennis. The University's intercollegiate sporting competition is divided into a men's and women's sport. Men strive to win the annual President's Trophy (PT), while women aim to achieve the highest to win the Mary Bagnall trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="19313056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313056" title="Mk II (album)">
Mk II (album)

Mk II was the second album of the British blues-rock band Steamhammer.
Background.
Not selling as many records as they had hoped, Steamhammer nevertheless became a top European open-air attraction, mainly due to their excellent live performance. For over two hours each night they would provide instrumental improvisations, exemplarised by the guitar work of Martin Pugh and the harmonica of Kieran White. In summer 1969, Martin Quittenton left the band, followed by drummer Michael Rushton. They were replaced by Steve Jolliffe (saxophone, flute) and Mick Bradley (drums).
Jollife's feel for precise arrangements and jazz influences especially inspired the recording of this second "Mk II" album. Going beyond the boundaries of traditional blues forms, the band members applied their musical creativity and imagination without the need for technical trickery.
Track listing.
First 10 tracks in the list are on the original 1969 LP album, last 4 only added on for the CD.

</doc>
<doc id="19313057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313057" title="Communauté de communes de Bénévent-Grand-Bourg">
Communauté de communes de Bénévent-Grand-Bourg

The communauté de communes de Bénévent-Grand-Bourg was created on December 17, 1991 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 17 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19313065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313065" title="Sternwarte Mirasteilas">
Sternwarte Mirasteilas

The Mirasteilas Observatory (Romansh "stargazer") is an astronomical observatory in Falera in the canton of Grisons in Switzerland. With its 90-centimeter telescope it is the largest publicly accessible observatory in Switzerland.
History.
In 2001, the Portuguese-born local community member José De Queiroz, innkeeper in Falera and a member of the Astronomical Society of the Grisons (Graubünden), organized for the first time an astronomy meeting in Falera. Owing to its easy accessibility, its elevated position on a terrace with a broad sky to the west, south and east and low light pollution, the place offers ideal conditions for observing celestial bodies.
During the next telescope meeting in Falera in 2002 the question was raised whether an observatory could be created here. The municipal council recognized that the construction of an observatory could be a big gain for the village, since no similar investment had been made in the Grisons by that time. Members of the municipal council and the Astronomical Society of the Grisons then visited several observatories in eastern Switzerland to learn about observatories. A suitable location was then found in Falera a few minutes outside the village by the ski slope with the ski lift for children.
On 11 September 2002, a working group was created and the architectural firm of Schneider & Cathomas from Falera took over the planning of the observatory. On 5 December 2005 the town meeting granted a loan of 690,000 Swiss Francs for the construction of the observatory. In addition to the observatory a small restaurant for visitors was to be built for the visitors of the ski slope. A foundation was established with the municipality Falera, the AAG and Flims-Laax-Falera tourism as members. The groundbreaking ceremony took place on 9 May 2006 and the restaurant was opened in winter 2006/2007. Since the delivery of the large telescope was slightly delayed, the observatory was put into operation only on 22 June 2007.
Building.
The core of the observatory is the observation deck on the first floor with the observation instruments. The roof can be retracted on two tracks so that instruments and the audience get a clear view of the sky. To prevent vibration transmission to the telescope, a separate foundation was created for it. Integrated in the wheelchair-accessible buildings are a technology room, a small restaurant and toilet facilities for the ski slope visitors during the day and for the observatory visitors in the evening. The restaurant space is also used for introduction to the observatory and bad weather programs as an alternative to star gazing.
Instruments.
The main instrument is a Cassegrain reflector with Nasmyth focus. It has a mirror diameter of and focal length, and is one of the largest publicly accessible telescope in Europe. With it up to 1000-fold magnification can be reached. The instrument is fully computer-controlled and can be automatically aligned to any object in the sky. The ocular opening is on the side of the device in the declination axis at viewing height. Data: 900 mm clear aperture, 9000 mm focal width, with a 5940 mm reducer.
The second instrument is a Takahashi type FS-15, which is a classic refracting telescope. The instrument is particularly suitable for planetary observations. Data: 152 mm clear aperture and 1216 mm focal width.
To view nebulae, galaxies and star clusters in a large field of view, a binocular is available which is purpose-built for astronomical purposes. Specifications: 25x100 millimeters on fork support, optics: 100 mm opening. For astrophotography an astrograph on a separate socket is available.
Management.
The observatory is operated by the Astronomical Society of Graubünden AGG. Around 30 trained demonstrators are available to on an alternating schedule. Public tours take place every Friday and Saturday or by appointment.
Observations.
Thanks to its high quality instruments Mirasteilas canproduce scientific work. The observatory of Falera, together with the ones of Winterthur, Carona and Ependes is one of the stations that observe asteroids, comets and satellites and measure their pathways. The data are sent to the Minor Planet Center of the International Astronomical Union at Harvard University and from there to NASA. There, they are available for further scientific research available. The individual measurements allow to detect changes in the pathways of known asteroids or to calculate the orbits of newly discovered objects, discovering thereby possible dangers at an early stage.
Small planet 'Falera'.
The asteroid "Falera" was discovered on 21 November 2009 by the founder of the observatory José de Queiroz. The object has a diameter of about 3 kilometers; it orbits the Sun at an average distance of about 471 million kilometers and requires 5 years and 6 months for a complete orbit. At the time of its discovery, the asteroid was about 315 million kilometers from the Earth. It was less than than 16,000 times less bright than stars in the sky that are visible to the naked eye.
On 26 May 2010 the International Astronomical Union and the Minor Planet Center of the University of Cambridge awarded the asteroid the name of 'Falera', with the serial number 233943. With the award of this name, the work of the Observatory Mirasteilas is recognized, which deals since 2008 with the discovery and orbit determination of unknown minor planets. The official text for the naming is archived at the "Minor Planet Center".

</doc>
<doc id="19313068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313068" title="Carpenter Ministry">
Carpenter Ministry

The Carpenter Ministry was the 34th Ministry of the Government of Western Australia, and was led by Labor Premier Alan Carpenter and his deputy Eric Ripper. It succeeded the Gallop Ministry on 3 February 2006 due to the retirement of Dr Geoff Gallop from politics on 25 January, and was in turn succeeded by the Barnett Ministry on 23 September 2008 after the Labor Party lost government at the state election held on 6 September.
First Ministry.
The Governor, Ken Michael, designated 17 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899. The following ministers and parliamentary secretaries were then appointed to the positions, and served until the reconstitution of the Ministry on 13 December 2006. The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index.
Second Ministry.
On 13 December 2006, the Premier announced a major Cabinet reshuffle, with only five ministers being unaffected. Three ministers were demoted to junior posts—former Minister for Education Ljiljanna Ravlich, former Minister for Resources John Bowler and former Minister for Indigenous Affairs Sheila McHale. It was decided not to replace Norm Marlborough's position in the cabinet, vacated a month earlier, so the number of ministers decreased from 17 to 16. Apart from Tony McRae and John Bowler, the members remained Ministers until the end of the Carpenter Ministry on 23 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19313072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313072" title="Lugari Constituency">
Lugari Constituency

Lugari Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is the only constituency in Lugari District. The entire constituency has eight wards, all of which elect councillors for the Lugari County Council. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19313080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313080" title="Manwan Dam">
Manwan Dam

The Manwan Dam () is a large hydroelectric dam in China. It is built on the Mekong (Lancang) River with a capacity of 1,750 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="19313082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313082" title="Buddy Whittington">
Buddy Whittington

Buddy Whittington is an American guitarist. He began playing the guitar inspired by his sister's records of The Beatles, Rolling Stones and, in particular, John Mayall's Bluesbreakers with Eric Clapton. At the age of 14 he was already a part of the Dallas/Fort Worth music scene and playing regularly in the clubs along Jacksboro Highway. While attending high school, Buddy played in a band called "Short Change" which opened for Point Blank, a band that he would later join, replacing rhythm guitar player Kim Davis. During the early 1980s, he formed and sang with his own band "The Sidemen". In 1991 they opened for John Mayall and when Coco Montoya left the Bluesbreakers in 1993, Mayall called him to take his place in the band. In Mayall's band Whittington sang occasionally and contributed to songwriting. When, after fifteen years, Mayall disbanded the Bluesbreakers Buddy Whittington continued to gig in Texas but also joined forces with Roger Cotton and Pete Stroud who had toured with Mayall as part of Peter Green's band. 2008 saw the release of his first solo album and he continues to tour regularly in the UK and throughout Europe, though Roger Cotton has left the band which now works as a threesome featuring Darby Todd on drums. In August 2013 Buddy Whittington sat in with his old boss John Mayall at the Bedford Blues Festival in Bedford, Texas. Buddy lives in Hurst, Texas with his family.
Buddy Whittington usually plays a 1963 Stratocaster plugged into a Dr. Z amplifier. He also plays a Lentz guitar modeled partially after the Fender Telecaster.

</doc>
<doc id="19313087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313087" title="Coronation Cinema">
Coronation Cinema

Coronation Cinema was in Girgaon area of south Mumbai. On 3 May 1913 Raja Harishchandra (राजा हरिश्चंद्र), a silent Indian film directed and produced by Dadasaheb Phalke, which was also the first full-length Indian feature film and also India's first fully indigenous film. The film was based on the legend of King Harishchandra, recounted in Ramayana and Mahabharata.
Crowds thronged roads outside the Coronation Cinema, as it marked the beginning of the Indian film industry. The film was so successful that Dada Saheb had to make more prints, and even show the film in rural areas. The film was a grand success and soon established Phalke as a producer and paved way for the Indian film industry.
This screening was heralded as the birth of the Indian film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19313092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313092" title="Communauté de communes Marche Avenir">
Communauté de communes Marche Avenir

The communauté de communes Marche Avenir was created on December 14, 1992 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 6 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19313093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313093" title="Pantai Remis landslide">
Pantai Remis landslide

The Pantai Remis landslide was a rock fall and flood that occurred on 21 October 1993, near Pantai Remis in Perak, Malaysia. The landslide took place in an abandoned open cast tin mine close to the coast. This area of Malaysia is well known for its tin mining industry. Video footage shows the rapid collapse of the working face closest the sea, allowing complete flooding of the mine and forming a new cove measuring approximately . The video shows a number of people in a craft toppling over the edge of the failure at 2:32.
YouTube video.
A video of the event was uploaded to YouTube on 17 May 2007. The accompanying description in Cantonese reads: 
"That year, I received a call by the owner of a tin mine. He said that his mine, which had been running for a few decades, was about to collapse. I rushed to the scene with my video camera and waited for a few hours. Finally, I took this valuable footage. Although the footage lasted only a few minutes, it is horribly exciting enough. I hope that this video can let you all appreciate the consequence of ruining our environment".
Prof. Dave Petley, the Wilson Chair in Hazard and Risk in the Department of Geography at the University of Durham, England and founder and director of the International Landslide Centre, described the recording as the best landslide video he had ever seen, despite its poor resolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19313116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313116" title="Ten Green Bottles (book)">
Ten Green Bottles (book)

Ten Green Bottles is a book by Vivian Jeanette Kaplan and a play based on the book. It is the true story of a Jewish family that escaped from Nazi-occupied Vienna to Shanghai under Japanese rule. 
The book was published in English in Canada and in the U.S. by St. Martin's Press in 2004 and has been republished in Germany (as "Von Wien nach Shanghai"), Italy (as "Dieci Bottiglie Verdi") and Hungary (as "Sanghaji Fogsag"). In Canada it won the Canadian Jewish Book Award and in Italy won the ADEI (Associazione Donne Ebree d'Italia) - WIZO Award. It has received generally positive critical reviews in the North American press.
The title of the book comes from the song sung in Marco's Bar by British servicemen stationed in Shanghai.
Plot.
The book is told from the viewpoint of the author's mother and starts in 1921. Gerda Karpel (referred to always as Nini in the book) is a 5-year-old Jewish girl living in Vienna in 1921. She comes from an upper middle-class family. The book starts with the birth of Nini's brother, Willi, and chronicles the death of Nini's father shortly after the birth. The book then discusses day to day life from the viewpoint of a Jewish girl growing up in Vienna. It talks about the political instability caused after the assassination of Engelbert Dollfuss and the suppression of democracy after it. 
The Anschluss occurs, and Nini desperately tries to secure tickets to Shanghai. She receives help from Herr Berger, a Gentile Vienna lawyer, and obtains tickets for her family and for her friend's parents. The book then mentions the infamous Kristallnacht and the lead up to their departure. In Chapter 19, the Karpel family arrives in Shanghai. They struggle to survive through the poverty and violence that greets them on arrival and to the moving of most Jews into a ghetto in the Hongkou District. During that time, they purchase ownership in a bar owned by Marco, a Bulgarian Jew; this is where Nini heard the song "Ten Green Bottles". The book ends with the family leaving Shanghai for Richmond Hill, Canada.
Play.
The critically acclaimed world premiere of the play was performed in English in Toronto, Canada in 2009. All performances were sold out and seen by over 4,000 people. It was produced by Helena Fine of Te-Amim Theatre and written and directed by Mark Cassidy of Threshold Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19313118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313118" title="The Future of Things">
The Future of Things

The Future of Things (TFOT) is an online magazine covering diverse topics related to science and technology. The magazine was launched in 2006.
History.
TFOT was founded by Iddo Genuth and co-founder Barak Raz in early 2006 and its beta version was first launched on the 27 of September 2006. During beta the site included two sections – Picture of the Day (PODs) and Articles. In mid-2007 TFOT launched its full version with several new sections and a new design. Its team has more than 20 writers, from various countries worldwide.
Sections.
As of September 2008, TFOT had several sections including: headlines, news, PODs, personal columns, book reviews and forums. TFOT also includes full articles which typically contain a Q&A section which, according to TFOT, is a more accurate way of doing an interview. In January 2009 TFOT added a video section featuring science and technology related videos from the web as well as original video clips produced by the TFOT team. Another change in 2009 was the expansion of the daily RSS service, providing headlines from similar websites among the original research published in the website. Until then, a smaller number of headlines were uploaded each day.
Scoops.
On August 22, 2007 TFOT was the first to extensively cover the Israeli company Mempile TeraDisc 1TB optical storage technology. The article was later picked up by numerous websites including Engadget tgdaily [http://www.tgdaily.com/content/view/33582/135/ and arstechnica On January 14, 2009 TFOT exclusively reported on advancements in laser hard drive development [http://thefutureofthings.com/news/6186/laser-hard-drives-in-the-making.html. This news was quickly picked up by several publications including Engadgetand electronista [http://www.electronista.com/articles/09/01/15/laser.hard.drives.coming/.
Criticism.
Since its launch in early 2008, TFOT's headlines section was criticized several times for being too short (approx 500 characters); this, however, is probably the result of copyright issues. A different criticism was raised regarding the relatively short term look at the future of science and technology on TFOT as the site typically deals with research and technology for the next 5–10 years or so.

</doc>
<doc id="19313121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313121" title="Communauté de communes de Guéret Saint-Vaury">
Communauté de communes de Guéret Saint-Vaury

The communauté de communes de Guéret Saint-Vaury was created on December 15, 1992 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 19 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19313125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313125" title="Jardin botanique Méditerrannéen">
Jardin botanique Méditerrannéen

The Jardin botanique Méditerrannéen, also known as the Jardin botanique à Durban-Corbières, is a privately owned botanical garden that contains more than 500 species of plants from the Mediterranean Basin. It is located on the Route d'Albas in Durban-Corbières, Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon, France, and is open daily; an admission fee is charged.

</doc>
<doc id="19313127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313127" title="Boymerang">
Boymerang

Boymerang is a DnB project of Graham Sutton, leading light of post-rock band Bark Psychosis. Sutton released one album as Boymerang, the well-received "Balance of the Force", a blend of techy intricately programmed DnB and subtle melodies.

</doc>
<doc id="19313132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313132" title="SS Radaas">
SS Radaas

SS "Radaas was a 2524-ton cargo steamship. She was built by and launched in 1890 as Marstonmoor for Moor Lines. She was sold to a Greek company in 1902 and renamed Athos Romanos", before being sold to Danish interests during the First World War and renamed "Radaas". She was sunk by the German submarine "UB-40" under the command of Oberleutnant Hans Howaldt on 21 September 1917. She was 18 miles west of Portland Bill en route from Tyne to Bordeaux when the torpedo struck her in the port side. 
The wreck lies on a sandy bed at a depth of 30 m at .

</doc>
<doc id="19313136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313136" title="Air Wales destinations">
Air Wales destinations

Air Wales served the following destinations (during its operations):

</doc>
<doc id="19313145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313145" title="Allgemeiner Deutscher Musikverein">
Allgemeiner Deutscher Musikverein

The Allgemeiner Deutscher Musikverein (ADMV) (General German Music Association) was a German musical association founded in 1861 by Franz Liszt and Franz Brendel, to embody the musical ideals of the New German School of music.
Background.
At the "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" (Musicians Assembly) of 1859 in Leipzig, the organisers, Liszt and Brendel, wanted to open the path for the foundation of a "Allgemeiner Deutscher Musikverein" (General German Music Association), to embody what they thought of as the core principles of the New German School (q.v.) of music. The proposal was introduced by Louis Köhler on the afternoon of June 3, 1861. It was supported in speeches by prominent persons, among them Liszt, and then accepted. On 7 August 1861, at the next "Tonkünstler-Versammlung", for this time in Weimar, the foundation of the "ADMV" took place. The association started with 202 members, 37 of them from abroad.
The "ADMV".
Liszt left Weimar on August 18, travelling to Silesia, where, from August 22 until September 19, in Löwenberg he was guest of the Prince of Hohenzollern-Hechingen. In a letter to Brendel of September 16, 1861, he wrote:
The letter shows that, according to Liszt's wishes, the endeavors of the "New German School" and those of the "ADMV" were to be very close, not to say identical. For the purpose of reaching this aim, the steering committee of the "ADMV" should consist solely of persons with his confidence.
The main initiatives which led to the foundation of the "ADMV" had nearly all been Liszt's. In 1835 he had published in the Parisian "Gazette musicale" an article series "De la situation des artistes" ("On the situation of artists"). In his first articles, he had taken a critical look at contemporary Parisian musical life which he found wanting in all aspects. In his last article he had made suggestions for a reorganisation of musical life.
In October 1842 Liszt had been nominated in Weimar as "Kapellmeister in außerordentlichen Diensten" ("Conductor in extraordinary services"). At that time he was travelling virtuoso, touring with concerts through Europe. In the beginning of 1848 he had settled in Weimar. Since 1849 he had tried to install a "Goethe-Stiftung" ("Goethe Foundation") for the purpose of supporting the arts as suggested in his article series of 1835. During the 1850s it became clear that the project could not be realized. The foundation of the "ADMV" was Liszt's next attempt, and this attempt was a success.
In their version of 1861, the statutes of the "ADMV" were formulated by Liszt together with Brendel. They resembled those of the projected "Goethe-Stiftung". In the early 20th century, there were attempts to rename the "ADMV" as "Liszt Verein" or "Neudeutscher Musikverein" ("New German Music Association").
Until the end of his life, Liszt was the intellectual rector of the "ADMV", but did not want to be its president. The first president was Franz Brendel, until his death in 1868. Brendel's successors were Carl Riedel, until 1888, Hans Bronsart von Schellendorff, until 1898, Fritz Steinbach, until 1901, Richard Strauss, until 1909, Max von Schillings, until 1919, Friedrich Rösch, until 1925, Siegmund von Hausegger until 1935, and Peter Raabe. In 1937, the "ADMV" was closed on order of the German National Socialist regime.
Aims of the "ADMV".
Supporting aims.
The "ADMV" aimed at both musical performance and practical support. Absence of funds delayed support initiatives. In the course of time the "ADMV" became trustee of several foundations. The earliest was a "Beethoven-Stiftung" (Beethoven Foundation), (1871) funded by the assets of Sophie and Robert Pflughaupt, and enlarged by gifts of Liszt and Karl Alexander, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach. Artists supported by the "Beethoven-Stiftung" included Robert Franz, August Göllerich, Felix Draeseke, Max Reger, Hans Pfitzner and others.
After Liszt's death on July 31, 1886, Marie Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst, daughter of Princess Wittgenstein, founded in 1887 a "Franz Liszt Stiftung" (Franz Liszt Foundation). The funds were destined for editing a complete edition of Liszt's musical works, as well as for stipends. Amongst artists supported by the "Franz Liszt Stiftung" were Robert Franz and Claudio Arrau. In 1903 and 1904, when Richard Strauss was president of the "ADMV", Arnold Schoenberg was supported with an annual sum of 1,000 Marks, the maximum grant of the foundation.
Further foundations were a "Mansouroff-Stiftung", founded 1889, a "Hermann-Stiftung", founded 1893, and a "Richard-Wagner-Stiftung", founded 1915 and dedicated to supporting performances of music dramatic works. In 1937, when the "ADMV" was closed, the foundations still existed, although there had been losses of considerable amounts due to World War I and subsequent economic crisis. Traces of the foundations can be found until 1943, but are lost thereafter.
Artistic aims.
As part of the artistic aims of the "ADMV", annual "Tonkünstler-Versammlungen" at different locations were to be arranged, with performances of important, rarely heard, and especially new musical works of all kinds. However, older works that were only seldom or not at all heard, but of interest because of their importance, were also to be performed. In addition, new works, either musical or scholarly ones, were to be printed. The "ADMV" was to have an own library,and to edit an annual almanac. Of the almanac, only volumes for the years 1868, 1869 and 1870 were realized. Until 1892, the main organ of the "ADMV" was the "Neue Zeitschrift für Musik". Afterwards, until 1933, members of the "ADMV" received "Mitteilungen" (Communications).
The "ADMV" had a literary and a musical department; the former decided about lectures to be given at the "Tonkünstler-Versammlungen", the latter selected musical works to be performed. Until his death in 1886, Liszt was the head of the musical department. Other prominent members over the years were Hans von Bülow, Carl Friedrich von Weitzmann, Louis Köhler, Carl Riedel, Bronsart von Schellendorff, Felix Draeseke, Eduard Lassen, Eugen d'Albert, Richard Strauss, Engelbert Humperdinck, Felix Weingartner, Max von Schillings, Siegmund von Hausegger, Hans Pfitzner, Alexander von Zemlinsky, Peter Raabe, Jean Louis Nicodé, Emil von Reznicek, Heinz Tiessen, Joseph Haas, Paul Hindemith, Alban Berg, Ernst Toch and others.
The musical department also decided at which places the "Tonkünstler-Versammlungen" should be arranged. After the "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" of 1861 in Weimar, there was a break of three years. In 1864 a "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" in Karlsruhe took place. After that, with exception of the years 1866, 1875 and 1915–18 (World War I), annual "Tonkünstler-Versammlungen" were arranged. In several cases, 1903, 1910 and 1932, places in Switzerland, Basel, Zürich, and once again Zürich, were chosen. The "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" of 1905 took place in Graz.
Concert repertoire of the "ADMV" until 1886.
During Liszt's lifetime, he was himself by a long way the most frequently performed composer at the concerts of the "Tonkünstler-Versammlungen". In 135 performances 96 of his works were played. The second place was held by J. S. Bach with 30 performances of 24 works. Many of his works were new discoveries after they had for the first time been published in the complete edition of the "Bach-Gesellschaft" (Bach-Society). After Liszt the most frequently performed contemporary composer was Brahms with 25 performances of 16 works. Of Berlioz, 14 works were performed in 23 performances, and of Wagner 12 works in 22 performances. In places 6 to 12 were Raff, Cornelius, Lassen, Schumann, Draeseke, Beethoven and Bülow.
The strong position of Brahms in the concert programs of the "ADMV" may at first sight be surprising, as he had been often characterized by reference to the "Manifesto" he wrote with Joachim against the New German School. But an artist's career can hardly be reduced to a single event. Even in 1864, in connection with the "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" in Karlsruhe, it was Liszt who suggested a performance of Joachim's "Violin Concerto in Hungarian style". After a dispute with Bülow, who vehemently voted against, Liszt's suggestion was accepted. After 1869, Brendel having died the previous year, works by Brahms were regularly performed; and 1887, after Liszt's death, Brahms became himself a member of the "ADMV". Shortly afterwards he was elected as member of the steering committee.
During 1861–1886, among the works on Liszt's suggestions were: 
Frequently Liszt also suggested works by Russian composers such as César Cui, Alexander Borodin, Alexander Glazunov, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, all of them members of the "ADMV". In 1876, 1880 and 1883, the Symphony in E-flat major of Borodin was played. However, not all of Liszt's suggestions regarding Russian composers found acceptance. For example, in 1885 it was Liszt's suggestion to perform the Symphony in C major by Mily Balakirev, dedicated to him himself. Instead, Balakirev's Overture "King Lear" and some of his piano pieces were played.
Due to the close connection between Liszt himself, the "New German School" and the "ADMV", the above listed works can be taken as examples of music of the "New German School". Estimating their artistic value, or even getting knowledge of them, is however a difficult task. Nearly all of the works have disappeared from the regularly played concert repertoire, and the scores can only be accessed in archives. The music of the "New German School" up to 1886, including most of Liszt's works, was neglected or ignored even by scholarly research for a long period, with the exception of that of Wagner. Only relatively late in the 20th century did interest revive.
The "ADMV" after Liszt's death.
The "ADMV" up to World War I.
The development of the "ADMV" after Liszt's death is linked with the career of Richard Strauss. He was a member from 1887. In the same year, at the "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" in Cologne, his Piano Quartet, Op. 13, for was performed. During 1890–98 Strauss was member of the "musikalische Sektion". As such he supported Gustav Mahler, whose Symphony no. 1 was 1894 performed at the "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" in Frankfurt am Main.
In 1898 a new president was to be elected, since Bronsart von Schellendorff wanted to resign. Strauss, at that time regarded as avant-garde composer, and a successful one, was an ideal candidate. However, there were severe divergences between him and the rest of the leading committee concerning his activities in favour of a change of the legal rights of composers of instrumental music, regarding royalties from performances of their works. For these reasons, after Fritz Steinbach had been elected as new president, Strauss was on September 24, 1898, excluded from the steering committee. He founded own organisations, but 1901 returned to the "ADMV". In a so-called "revolution of Heidelberg" the old steering committee was removed, and Strauss was elected as president. The subsequent presidents Max von Schillings and Friedrich Rösch were close friends of Strauss, who in 1909 was nominated as Honorary President. Until World War I he dominated the "ADMV" as has Liszt in former times.
During the last years of Bronsart's time as president discontent arose over the repertoire of the concerts at the "Tonkünstler-Versammlungen". In 1896, in Leipzig, for example, works by Alessandro Scarlatti, Pietro Antonio Locatelli, Johann Sebastian Bach, Georg Friedrich Händel and Friedrich II of Prussia as well as works by Brahms, Berlioz, Liszt and Wagner were performed. The works of historical styles met an increasing interest of that time in music of the Baroque or even earlier periods of music history. Performing these works was in congruence with the statutes of the "ADMV". Brahms, Berlioz, Liszt and Wagner, however, were more and more regarded as classics. While their works were still performed, works of the present generation of young composers, with exception of Strauss, were missing. The "ADMV" hence was accused of confusing an "esprit de corps", as installed by Liszt, with interests of a diocese or the conceit of a regiment.
Strauss, who did not share the interest in music of historical times, changed the statutes of the "ADMV". Its central aim was now cultivating and supporting German musical life in the sense of new developments. The literary department and the paragraphs concerning performances of older works were removed, the "Tonkünstler-Versammlungen" were renamed as "Tonkünstler-Feste" (Musicians Festivals), and performances of works of the older "New Germans" were reduced to exceptions. Until World War I, the most frequently performed contemporary composer at the "Tonkünstler-Feste" was Strauss himself, but there were also works such as Mahler's Symphonies Nos. III and VI, Pfitzner's Overture "Das Christ-Elflein", Reger's String Quartet in D minor op.113, "The Swan of Tuonela" and "Lemminkäinen's Return" from the "Lemminkäinen Suite", Op. 22, of Sibelius, Bartók's Rhapsody Op. 1 for piano and orchestra, and Kodály's String Quartet in C minor.
As president of the "ADMV", Strauss was responsible for the complete edition of Liszt's musical works, as projected by the "Franz Liszt Stiftung". In this respect, due to legal difficulties, a delay occurred. The edition was to be undertaken by the publishing-house Breitkopf & Härtel, Leipzig, but the consent of original publishers of Liszt's works was needed. Most of them refused to take part. According to the legal situation of that time, Liszt's works were not free until 30 years after his death, i.e. in 1916. The edition commenced in 1907 with volumes containing works, such as the Symphonic Poems, originally published by Breitkopf & Härtel. Until 1936 further volumes appeared. In the following year 1937, when the "ADMV" was closed, the Liszt edition, although by far incomplete, was stopped.
The "ADMV" after World War I.
After World War I, at the "Tonkünstler-Fest" of 1919 in Berlin, the "ADMV" restarted with a concert program consisting of Karl Prohaska's Oratorio "Frühlingsfeier", Friedrich Klose's Oratorio "Der Sonne Geist", Julius Weismann's "Lieder auf indische Dichtungen" with Trio accompaniment, Siegmund von Hausegger's "Aufklänge", Symphonic variations on the nursery-rhyme "Schlaf, Kindchen, schlaf", Georg Schumann's "Variationen über ein Thema von Bach", Op. 59, and his scene "David und Absalom", Op. 70, songs with orchestral accompaniment by Paul Stuiber, the String Quartet, Op. 31, by August Reuß, a violin sonata by Julius Kopsch, Richard Strauss' "Six Songs", Op. 68, on poems by Clemens Brentano, a string trio by Erwin Lendvai, Paul Juon's tone poem "Litania" for piano, violin and violoncello, and songs by Heinz Tiessen.
The "ADMV" was attacked by critics from different sides. According to Bruno Schrader, an ultranationalist of an anti-Semitic inclination, most of the productions as performed at the "Tonkünstler-Fest" were hyper modern. The songs by Paul Stuiber were caterwauling, and with the songs by Strauss, not fit to be sung as they were, impotence and decadence had reached their height. After World War I had been lost by the "Deutsche Reich", according to Schrader, a cultural retaliatory battle against a French, Belgian and Polish invasion of art had to take place.
Other critics had opposite views. From their perspective, the "ADMV" was trying to reconstruct the cultural life of the "Deutsche Reich" of Wilhelm II. The "New Germans" thus were regarded as representatives of a misplaced traditionalism. Strauss’s Tone Poems, such as "Also sprach Zarathustra", ten years earlier still regarded as avant-garde music, were now viewed as works of times of yore. His "Sinfonia Domestica" was old-fashioned and even scraping the borders of program music, which was no longer acceptable. His "Elektra", premiered in 1909 and at that time attacked as ultra progressive, was old hat.
The "ADMV" elected new presidents, in 1919 Friedrich Rösch, and in 1925 Siegmund von Hausegger. Until the early 1930s, works of a large scope of different styles, among them works by Arnold Schoenberg, Anton Webern, Alban Berg, Paul Hindemith, Ernst Krenek, Heinz Tiessen and Karol Rathau, were performed. Unavoidably, among the members of the "ADMV" there were different opinions regarding these works. By some, Hindemith's dance pantomime "Der Dämon" was taken as evil prank, and Krenek's opera "Der Sprung über den Schatten" as music of an intellectually overfed brain. Rathau in his Second Symphony had created a dissonant soup. Nevertheless, the "ADMV" had once again proven itself to be the leading institution of musical progress.
End of the "ADMV".
Since 1933, after Adolf Hitler had become Chancellor of the "Deutsche Reich", the "ADMV" was attacked by the National Socialists. During the "Tonkünstler-Fest", now being called "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" again, of that year in Dortmund, the "Reichsministerium für Volksaufklärung und Propaganda" (Ministry for the Enlightening of the People and Propaganda) of Joseph Goebbels made known that a reorganization of cultural life had to take place. In November 1933, as part of Goebbels' Ministry, a "Reichsmusikkammer" ("Imperial Music Chamber"), directed by Richard Strauss, was installed, responsible for all parts of German musical life. In July 1935 Strauss had to resign due to his collaboration with Jewish artists, especially with Stefan Zweig, librettist of the opera "Die schweigsame Frau". His successor, until his death on April 12, 1945, was Peter Raabe.
Siegmund von Hausegger, until then president of the "ADMV", suggested his resignation in favour of Raabe, who should be elected instead. The suggestion was accepted, since leading members hoped, with Raabe's uniting both positions the "ADMV" could maintain independence; but this was an error. In 1936, at the "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" in Leipzig, Raabe read out a letter to the general assembly of the "ADMV". It was a letter by some National Socialistic members to Paul Graener, rector of the composers department at the Reichsmusikkammer, with complaints about the steering committee of the "ADMV". Suggestions by National Socialistic organisations had not sufficiently been taken into consideration. Besides, publishing-houses, such as Schott, were supported by the "ADMV", although their catalogues were promoting the works of Jewish composers. The "ADMV" was also accused of being reigned by a "black-red coalition".
After a heated debate with further accusations against Joseph Haas, Siegmund von Hausegger, Hermann Abendroth and Richard Strauss, the authors of the letter apologized. The letter, however, together with two further ones in which the liquidation of the "ADMV" was demanded, had been sent to the Gestapo. In December 1936, Raabe told the leading committee, Goebbels had said to him that the "ADMV" should be dissolved. Raabe tried to convince his colleagues that the Reichsmusikkammer was the proper cultural advocate of musicians. He also assured them that future "Tonkünstler-Feste" would be as marvellous as the Nazi Rallies in Nuremberg. As Raabe found no support in decisions of two further general assemblies, in June and November 1937, the "ADMV" was closed.
In 1937, in Darmstadt and Frankfurt, a last "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" with concerts took place. As last pieces, Liszt's Symphonic Poem "Orpheus", his "Piano Concerto No. 1 in E-flat major", and the "Faust Symphony" were played. The "Faust Symphony", in its final version, had for the first time been performed at the "Tonkünstler-Versammlung" of 1861 in Weimar, where the foundation of the "ADMV" had taken place. A circle had closed. With the sounds of the "Chorus mysticus" "Alles Vergängliche ist nur ein Gleichnis" (Anything perishable is only a symbol) the "ADMV" dismissed itself from history.

</doc>
<doc id="19313146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313146" title="ZFKZ-FM">
ZFKZ-FM

ZFKZ-FM (105.3 FM, "Breeze FM") is a radio station in the Cayman Islands in the British West Indies. The station is also commonly known by its former official branding as Radio Cayman 2. Breeze FM is owned by the Government of the Cayman Islands. It airs a variety format featuring Caribbean music, country music, and middle of the road music.
The station's latest license was issued on 11 December, 2003. The licence was amended on 18 October, 2007 to realign both the main Breeze FM transmitter and its Cayman Brac-based translator to the same 105.3 MHz frequency.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19313148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313148" title="Rolands Kalniņš">
Rolands Kalniņš

Rolands Kalniņš (born 9 May 1922 in Vecslabada) is a Latvian film director.
In 1980 his film "Saruna ar karalieni" received Latvian Film Prize as the best documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="19313149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313149" title="Susan Landau">
Susan Landau

Susan Landau (born June 3, 1954, New York) is an American mathematician and engineer, and Senior Staff Privacy Analyst at Google. She was a Guggenheim Fellow and a Visiting Scholar at the Computer Science Department, Harvard University in 2012.
In 2010–2011, she was a Fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard, where she investigated issues involving security of government systems, and their privacy and policy implications.
From 1999 until 2010, she specialized in internet security at Sun Microsystems.
In 1989, she introduced the first algorithm for deciding which nested radicals can be denested, which is known as Landau's algorithm.
In 1972, her project on odd perfect numbers won a finalist position in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search. Outside of her technical work, she is interested in the issues of women in science, maintaining the ResearcHers Email list, a "forum for women computer science researchers", and an online bibliography of women's writing in computer science. She was awarded the 2008 Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Award for Social Impact. In 2011 she was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.

</doc>
<doc id="19313150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313150" title="Anders Olsson (swimmer)">
Anders Olsson (swimmer)

Anders Olsson (born September 15, 1965 in Hagfors) is a Swedish swimmer and triathlete.
Olsson is paralysed from the waist down and has barely 50% lung capacity left after the injury.
Career.
Olsson began to swim at an early age and he was very promising. But in his early teens he started to have problems with his back, he had been in a weightlifting accident as a child. It was a faulty vertebra that caused him pain. For a long time he was able to keep up with his athletic life but after several years he had to undergo an arthrodesis operation. Due to an accident in the home he fell so badly that he tore-up several muscles in his back. This led to other complications. He had to undergo stomach surgery and because of a failure during the spinal anaesthesia he had to be treated in a medical ventilator and this finally led to him being paralysed from the waist down.
For several years Olsson was apathetic and got addicted to drugs, such as morphine, and other painkillers. But, in 2002, when a close friend made a bet with him that he would swim the vansbrosimmet an annual 3 km event in a river, his life took a turn for the better. He started to train and when he crossed the finish line he was in the top 100s out of over 3000 competitors. This is a result he later improved as he in 2007 came 9th.
In 2004 he competed in the Paralympics in Athens where he won one gold medal and two bronze medals. His favorite event is the 400 m freestyle, a distance he was undefeated at and where he is the current world record holder.
In 2005 he managed to complete the 90 km long Vasaloppet a crosscountry skiing competition, using a sled.
In 2008 he competed in the Paralympics in Beijing where he won another two gold medals (100 m & 400 m freestyle).
He won the annual swim competition at Alcatraz 2011, where he swam from the island to shore.
In the 2012 Paralympics he won silver in the 400m freestyle, the first time he had beaten in this even in a major international competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19313155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313155" title="Manar English Girls School">
Manar English Girls School

El Manar English Girls School (M.E.G.S) (مدرسة المنار القومية للبنات لغات)
M.E.G.S is a school in El Raml Station (Mahatet El Raml), Alexandria, Egypt. It was founded in 1925 as the Scottish school in Alexandria. It includes kindergarten, primary, preparatory, and secondary sections.
The school has a theater, a gymnasium, three computer laboratories, three science laboratories, a library, two music rooms, an art room and an equipped clinic. The school has its annual bazaar and speech day. Graduates celebrate their graduation at their own Prom which is held every year. There are playgrounds for sport. 
History of the school.
In 1968 the government founded the Cooperative Educational Institutes of National Accordance with the provisions of Law No. 317 of 1956 issuing the Cooperative Societies Act and assumed management of these schools under the supervision and control of the Ministry of Education, education. The Cooperative Association of National Institutes exercised its activities in the management of these schools until 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19313157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313157" title="Communauté de communes du Pays de Boussac">
Communauté de communes du Pays de Boussac

The communauté de communes du Pays de Boussac was created on December 28, 1992 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 13 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19313173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313173" title="Mid Valley Region">
Mid Valley Region

The Mid Valley Region refers to the towns of Dickson City, Olyphant, Throop, and Blakely in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania. The area was once known for anthracite coal mining and is considered a smaller section of the Coal Region of PA. 
The exact definition of the Mid Valley is vague as the Mid Valley School District only includes the towns of Olyphant, Dickson City and Throop. However, the term for the region predated the formation of the school district.

</doc>
<doc id="19313181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313181" title="Communauté de communes C.I.A.T.E. du Pays Creuse-Thaurion-Gartempe">
Communauté de communes C.I.A.T.E. du Pays Creuse-Thaurion-Gartempe

The communauté de communes C.I.A.T.E. du Pays Creuse-Thaurion-Gartempe was created on December 30, 1993 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 27 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19313185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313185" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's high jump">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's high jump

These are the official results of the Women's high jump event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. There were a total number of 35 participating athletes, with the final held on 14 August 1994.
Qualification.
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19313200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313200" title="All3Media">
All3Media

all3media is the UK's largest independent television, film and digital production and distribution company. The all3media group comprises 18 production and distribution companies from across the UK, Europe, New Zealand and USA.
History.
The company was formed in 2003 after Chrysalis Group's television arm was acquired and rebranded North One. 
It was named top UK independent producer in 2013 with a turnover of £473m.

</doc>
<doc id="19313203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313203" title="Ruddy Thomas">
Ruddy Thomas

Ruddy Thomas (July 12, 1951 – June 10, 2006) was a Jamaican reggae singer, musician, and recording engineer, who had his greatest successes as a singer in the late 1970s and early 1980s with lovers rock songs.
Biography.
Thomas worked for producer Joe Gibbs in the 1970s, running and arranging recording sessions, and providing percussion and backing vocals. He recorded several singles for Gibbs, including "Every Day Is a Holiday", "Let's Make a Baby" and a version of Dobby Dobson's "Loving Pauper". Thomas's version of "Loving Pauper" was the number one song of the year on the 1978 RJR Top 100. He had a number one reggae hit in the United Kingdom in 1981 with "Just One Moment Away". In 1983, he recorded the duet "(You Know How to Make Me) Feel So Good" with Susan Cadogan, which topped the reggae charts and was followed in 1984 by another duet with Cadogan, "Only Heaven Can Wait", and an album. Thomas also recorded duets with J.C. Lodge ("Time For Love"), Marcia Aitken ("The Closer I Get To You"), Pam Hall ("You Can't Hide") and Cynthia Schloss ("Don't Want To Lose You", "How Can I Let You Get Away", and "There Is A Fire").
Thomas provided backing vocals on several albums, including Peter Tosh's "No Nuclear War". He was also part of the horn section on Cornell Campbell's 1982 album "What's Happening To Me".
Thomas later joined Tommy Cowan's Talent Corporation roster.
Thomas also acted as recording engineer on many releases by the likes of Boris Gardiner, Leroy Smart, Sugar Minott, The Wailing Souls, Beres Hammond, Dennis Brown, Frankie Paul, and Dean Fraser. He was also credited with co-producing the 1982 album "Superstar Yellowman Has Arrived With Toyan".
He died after suffering a heart attack while performing at the Popular Song Contest Street Blocker at Port Antonio, Portland, Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="19313207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313207" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 57 kg

The Men's Freestyle 57 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19313210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313210" title="Communauté de communes du Pays Sostranien">
Communauté de communes du Pays Sostranien

The communauté de communes du Pays Sostranien was created on December 28, 1995 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 10 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19313212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313212" title="In the Best Interest of the Children">
In the Best Interest of the Children

In the Best Interest of the Children is a fact-based TV film starring Sarah Jessica Parker who plays a woman struggling with manic-depression while raising her five children. This leads to the children eventually being taken from her and put in foster care.
The film was partially shot in Marengo, Iowa, roughly 30 miles west of Iowa City.
Plot.
The film opens with Callie Cain (Parker) leading her kids in singing along to John Denver's "Take Me Home, Country Roads" as she moves back to her hometown of Estherville, Iowa with her 4 young daughters (plus another baby on the way) and boyfriend Ray (Hodges). Although Callie's brother John (Graham) and sister-in-law Wanda (Atkinson) attempt to help them, the abusive Ray (the father of youngest child Jason) has no interest in working, and Callie rebuffs Wanda's suggestion that she continue treatment for the manic depression she suffers from. As a result, the family soon finds themselves living in poverty, with oldest child Jessi (Randall) forced to play mother to her younger sisters (Julie, Susan, and Cindy) and brother. A short time later, Ray leaves them, and Callie continues on a downward spiral.
Sensing his sister has some serious problems, John notifies the authorities, who send social worker Donna Evans (Barnes) to the house. After initially attempting to avoid her, Callie agrees to undergo treatment for her disorder, on the condition that John and Wanda don't get custody of her children, who are instead taken in by Patty and Harlan Pepper (Struthers and Johnston). Between the fact that the children are not only thriving in the Peppers' care, but also referring to them as "Mom" and "Dad", Patty soon becomes determined that she and Harlan win custody, particularly after seeing the effects that the children suffer after their required visits with Callie at the hospital.
A difficult legal battle soon ensues and drags on over a period of two years, as Callie seems to be doing better and believes the Peppers somehow "brainwashed" the children against her, with John equally frustrated that he's been unable to see them. The court initially sides with Callie, declaring the children must be returned to her by the end of the year, but an incident on Halloween where Jessi and younger sister Julie (Campbell) attempt to purchase sleeping pills from a local drugstore to use in a possible suicide attempt, generates outrage and soon turns the tide. As a result, Patty is informed that the decision to move the children has been postponed until next year, resulting in a merry Christmas for all of them.
Unfortunately, their happiness proves to be short-lived. Four months later, after much consideration, the presiding judge rules that the children be removed from Patty and Harlan's care. After a tearful farewell that generates more media attention, the children are placed in the care of the state, during which time they begin receiving therapy. During one of these sessions, Julie expresses anger towards her older sister for things not working out, despite Jessi's promise that they would, and tells her she's "just like Callie". Later, Jessi tearfully tells her therapist that she tried her hardest, but was overwhelmed by the adult role she attempted to fill. Meanwhile, all is not well for Harlan and Patty, whose marriage is deteriorating as a result of the grief caused by the children's removal.
In a subsequent therapy session, Callie joins Jessi and admits to her past poor judgments, but asks for another chance. However, Jessi angrily reminds Callie that she gave her 10 years worth of chances, only for her and her siblings to be shoved aside every time Callie brought another man home. Jessi also points out that while she was taking care of the other kids and her mother, no one took care of her, and she accuses Callie of never really loving her. Angered by this apparent rejection, Callie runs from the center and suddenly disappears, thus detouring the original plan of eventually returning the children to her. Nor is there an alternate workable plan, as the current foster placement is only short-term, Harlan and Patty have split, and the kids blame their Uncle John for having them removed.
After an argument with Wanda over the situation, John storms out of the house and climbs in his truck, which refuses to start. Angrily, he pounds the steering wheel, but Callie pops up in the backseat and tells him to stop. At this point, he attempts to convince Callie to go back to the hospital, but she refuses, and an argument breaks out. Pleading with his sister to go back, John tearfully promises to care for the children as if they were his own, and she finally agrees.
Callie explains the situation to her kids, who want to know why their Uncle John and Aunt Wanda never stepped in to help them before. At this point, Callie admits she refused to accept their help because of her illness, but assures the kids that the decision of where they will live is up to them. The younger children look to Jessi as to what they should do, but she snaps and tells them she doesn't know everything, and they should just take a vote. She then runs after her mother to wish her good luck, making an apparent peace with her, and Callie later bids goodbye to her children as they leave with John and Wanda, whom they have decided to live with. The film ends in the same manner as it opened, with the children singing a rendition of "Take Me Home, Country Roads", eventually joined by their aunt and uncle.
Epilogue.
As a result of the public consciousness raised by the real-life Cain children's experience, the Iowa State Legislature subsequently enacted new laws regarding the rights of foster children. The children themselves were subsequently adopted by their aunt and uncle, and continued to visit their mother frequently, though she was still battling mental illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19313213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313213" title="Arthur Hugh Garfit Alston">
Arthur Hugh Garfit Alston

Arthur Hugh Garfit Alston (born in West Ashby on 4 September 1902; died in Barcelona on 17 March 1958) was an English botanist. His father was a vicar and amateur naturalist who first got him interested in the field. A.H.G. Alston later received his B.A. from the University of Oxford. He went on to work at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and the colonial Department of Agriculture in Ceylon. He joined the Linnean Society of London in 1927. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Alston when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="19313219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313219" title="Mzolisi Yoyo">
Mzolisi Yoyo

Mzolisi Yoyo is a South African lightweight boxer based in Mdantsane. His record stands at 11 wins and 2 losses after 13 bouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19313222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313222" title="Marguerite (ship)">
Marguerite (ship)

Marguerite was a 1544-ton French ship built by Osbourne, Graham & Co. Ltd. of North Hylton in Sunderland in 1912.
On 28 June 1917 she was sailing from Rouen to Swansea when she was torpedoed and sunk in Lyme Bay by the German submarine under the command of "Oberleutnant" Hans Howaldt. The wreck lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="19313246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313246" title="Ugenya Constituency">
Ugenya Constituency

Ugenya Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies of Siaya District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19313259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313259" title="Nyanatiloka">
Nyanatiloka

Nyanatiloka Mahathera (19 February 1878, Wiesbaden, Germany – 28 May 1957, Colombo, Ceylon), born as Anton Gueth, was one of the earliest westerners in modern times to become a Bhikkhu, a fully ordained Buddhist monk.
Early life and education.
Nyanatiloka was born in on 19 February 1878 in Wiesbaden, Germany as Anton Walther Florus Gueth. His father was Anton Gueth, a professor and principal of the municipal Gymnasium of Wiesbaden, as well as a private councillor. His mother's name was Paula Auffahrt. She had studied piano and singing at the Royal Court Theatre in Kassel.
He studied at the Königliche Realgymnasium (Royal Gymnasium) in Wiesbaden from 1888 to 1896. From 1896 to 1898 he received private tuition in music theory and composition, and in playing the violin, piano, viola and clarinet. From 1889 to 1900 he studied theory and composition of music as well as the playing of the violin and piano at Hoch’sches Conservatorium (Hoch Conservatory) in Frankfurt. From 1900 to 1902 he studied composition under Charles-Marie Widor at the Music Academy of Paris (Paris Conservatoire).
His childhood was happy. As a child Nyanatiloka had a great love of nature, of solitude in the forest, and of religious philosophical thought. He was brought up as a Catholic and as a child and adolescent he was quite devout. He went to church every evening and absorbed himself in the book "The Imitation of Christ" by Thomas à Kempis. As a child he wanted to become a Christian missionary in Africa and as an adolescent he ran away from home to become a Benedictine monk at Maria-Laach monastery but soon returned. From then on his “belief in a personal God gradually transformed into a kind of pantheism” and was inspired by the prevailing atmosphere of weltschmerz (world-weariness). From the age of seventeen he was a vegetarian and abstained from drinking and smoking. 
Around the age of fifteen he began to have an “almost divine veneration for great musicians, particularly composers, regarding them as the manifestation of what is most exalted and sublime” and made friends with musical child prodigies. He composed orchestral pieces and in 1897 his first composition called “Legende” (“Legend”) was played by the Kurhaus Orchestra of Wiesbaden. 
At about the same time he conceived a great love for philosophy. He studied Plato's "Phaedo", Descartes, Kant’s "Critique of Pure Reason", von Hartmann and especially Schopenhauer. He also had a great interest for languages, foreign countries and peoples. 
While visiting a vegetarian restaurant he heard Theosophical lecturer Edwin Böhme give a talk on Buddhism which made him immediately an enthusiastic Buddhist. The following day his violin teacher gave him "Buddhist Catechism " by Subhadra Bhikshu and another book on Buddhism that gave him the desire to become a Buddhist monk in Asia.
After studying composition with the well-known composer Charles-Marie Widor in Paris, he played in various orchestras in France, Algeria, and Turkey. In 1902, intending to become a Buddhist monk in India, he travelled from Thessaloniki to Cairo by way of Palestine. After earning the necessary money by playing violin in Cairo, Port Said and Bombay, he travelled to Sri Lanka.
Early years as a Buddhist monk.
In 1903, at the age of 25, Nyanatiloka briefly visited Sri Lanka and then proceeded in order to Burma to meet the English Buddhist monk Bhikkhu Ananda Metteyya. In Burma where he was ordained as a Theravada Buddhist novice ("samanera") at the Ngda Khi Pagoda under Venerable U Āsabha Thera in September 1903. As a novice he first stayed with Ananda Metteyya for a month in the same room. 
In January or February 1904 he received full acceptance into the Sangha ("upasampadā") with U Kumāra Mahāthera as preceptor ("upajjhāya") and became a bhikkhu with the name of Ñāṇatiloka. Although his preceptor was a renowned Abhidhamma reciter, he learned Pali and Abhidhamma mostly by himself. Later in 1904 he visited Singapore, perhaps with the intention to visit the Irish monk U Dhammaloka. Having first stayed with U Dhammaloka, with whom he was not impressed, he then stayed for a fortnight with a friendly, but married, Japanese priest. While having to wait for his ship back to Burma, he stayed for a month in an unoccupied Sinhalese temple in Kuala Lumpur. At the end of 1904 he left Rangoon to go to Upper Burma together with the Indian monk Kosambi Dhammānanda, the later Harvard scholar Dhammananda Kosambi. In a cave in the Sagaing Mountains they practised concentration and insight meditation under the instructions of a monk who was reputed to be an arahant.
Desiring to deepen his study of Pali and the Pali scriptures, he went to Sri Lanka in 1905. In 1905–06 Nyanatiloka stayed with the Siamese prince monk Jinavaravamsa, (layname Prince Prisdang Jumsai, who had earlier been the first Siamese Ambassador for Europe) in palm leaf huts on the small island of Galgodiyana near Mātara, which Jinavaravamsa called Culla-Laṅkā (“Small Lanka”). Pictures of Nyanatiloka and Jinavaravamsa taken at this monastery suggest that they were doing meditation of the nature of the body by way of observing skeletons or were doing contemplation of death.
At Culla-Laṅkā Nyanatiloka ordained two laymen as novices (samanera). The Dutchman Frans Bergendahl, the troubled son of a rich merchant, was given the name Suñño. The German Fritz Stange, training to be an Postal Department official, was given the name Sumano. In the summer of 1906 Nyanatiloka returned to Germany to visit his parents. Sumana, who was suffering from consumption and had to get treatment, also went with him. They returned to Sri Lanka in October. 
At the end of 1906 Nyanatiloka returned to Burma alone, where he continued to work on translating the Aṅguttara Nikāya. He stayed at Kyundaw Kyaung, near Rangoon, in a residence built for Ananda Metteyya and him by the rich Burmese lady Mrs Hlā Oung. He also stayed in Maymo in the high country. At Kyundaw Kyaung he gave the novice acceptance to the Scotsman J.F. McKechnie, who got the Pali name Sāsanavaṃsa. This name was changed to Sīlācāra at his higher ordination. He also gave the going forth ("pabbajjā") to the German Walter Markgraf, under the name Dhammānusāri, who soon disrobed and returned to Germany. Markgraf became a Buddhist publisher and founded the German Pali Society (Deutsche Pāli Gesellschaft), of which Nyanatiloka became the Honorary President. 
In 1906, Nyanatiloka published his first Buddhist work in German, "Das Wort des Buddha" ("The Word of the Buddha", published in English in 1927) and had started on his translation of the Aṅguttara Nikāya. Nyanatiloka gave his first talk, in Pali, in 1907. It was given on a platform in front of the Pagoda of Moulmein with a Burmese Pali expert as interpreter. It was on the Four Noble Truths.
Plans for a Theravada Buddhist monastery in Europe.
Upon returning to Germany, Markgraf planned to found a Buddhist Monastery in the southern part of Switzerland and formed a group to realise this aim. Enrico Bignani, the publisher of "Coenobium: Rivista Internazionale di Liberi Studi" from Lugano had found a solitary alpine hut at the foot of Monte Lema Mountain, near the village of Novaggio overlooking Lake Maggiore, and Nyanatiloka left Burma for Novaggio at the of end 1909 or the beginning of 1910. 
The architect Rutch from Breslau had already designed a monastery with huts for monks, and the plan was that Bhikkhu Sīlācāra and other disciples were to join Nyanatiloka there. Nyanatiloka's stay and plans drew a lot of attention from the press and several journalists visited him to write about the him and the planned monastery. However, Nyanatiloka suffered heavily from bronchitis due to the cold weather, and also from malnutrition, and after half a year left Novaggio with the German monk candidate Ludwig Stolz, who had joined him at Novaggio, to try to find a better place in Italy or North Africa.
In Novaggio worked on his Pāli-grammatik (Pāli Grammar) and his translation of the Abhidhamma text called Puggalapaññatti (Human Types).
Italy, Tunisia, Lausanne.
In Italy, Nyanatiloka first stayed with a lawyer in a town near Turin. After the lawyer tried to persuade Nyanatiloka and his Stolz to make harmoniums to make their living, they left to Rome, where they stayed with the music teacher Alessandro Costa. From Rome they went to Naples and took a ship to Tunis, where they stayed with Alexandra David-Néel and her husband for a week. Then they went on Gabès, where they were told to leave Tunisia by policemen. Nyanatiloka and his companion were reluctant to do so because they felt at ease with the Arabs, who according to Nyanatiloka, had a lot of trust in them. After visiting David-Néel again, they left for Lausanne, where they stayed with Monsieur Rodolphe-Adrien Bergier (1852-?) in his Buddhist hermitage called “Caritas.” At Caritas, the glass painter Bartel Bauer was accepted by Nyanatiloka as a novice called Koṇḍañño. Soon after Koṇḍañño left to Sri Lanka for further training, the American-German Friedrich Beck and a young German called Spannring came to Caritas. After two more unsuccessful visits to Italy in search of a suitable place for a monastery, Nyanatiloka, Spannring, Stolz, Beck, and perhaps also Bergier, left to Sri Lanka from Genoa on 26 April 1911 to found a monastery there.
Founding of the Island Hermitage.
After arriving in Sri Lanka, Nyanatiloka stayed in a hall built for Koṇḍañño in Galle. Ludwig Stolz was given novice ordination at a nearby monastery and given the name Vappo. From Koṇḍañño, Nyanatiloka heard about an abandoned jungle island in a lagoon at the nearby village of Dodanduva that would be a suitable place for a hermitage. After inspecting the snake-infested island and getting approval of the local population, five simple wooden huts were built. Just before the beginning of the annual monk’s rainy season retreat ("vassa") of 1911 (which would have been started the day after the full moon of July), Nyanatiloka and his companions moved to the Island. The hermitage was namedIsland Hermitage. The island was bought by Bergier in 1914 from its Burgher owner and donated to Nyanatiloka. In September 1911 Alexandra David-Néel came and studied Pali under Nyanatiloka at the Island Hermitage while staying with the monastery's chief supporter, Coroner Wijeyesekera. Visitors such as Anāgārika Dhammapāla and the German ambassador visited the Island Hermitage during this period. Several Westerners—four Germans, an American-German, an American, and an Austrian—were ordained at the Island Hermitage between 1911 and 1914. 
In 1913 Nyanatiloka started a mission for the Sri Lankan “outcastes”, rodiya, beginning in the area of Kadugannava, about 20 km west of Kandy. Some of the rodiya lived and studied on the Island Hermitage. The son of the Rodiya chieftain was
accepted by Nyanatiloka as a novice with the name Ñāṇāloka. After the death of Nyanatiloka he became the abbot of the Island Hermitage. Nyantiloka mentions that there were reproaches because of the caste egalitarianism at the Island Hermitage
Sikkim.
Nyanatiloka travelled to Sikkim in 1914 with the intention to travel on to Tibet. In Gangtok he met the Sikkimese scholar translator Kazi Dawa Samdup and the Maharaja. He then travelled on to Tumlong monastery where Alexandra David-Néel and Sīlācāra were staying, and returned to Gangtong the next day. Because of running out of finances Nyanatiloka had to return to Ceylon, accompanied by two Tibetans, who became monks at the Island Hermitage, returned to Sri Lanka.
World War I.
In 1914, with the outbreak of World War I, Nyanatiloka was interned by the British in Sri Lanka, deported to Australia (1915), released, travelled to China, interned in China (once China joined the war against Germany), repatriated with Germany in 1919.
Japan.
In 1920, after being denied re-entry into British ruled Sri Lanka, Nyanatiloka taught at Japanese universities for five years.
Return to Sri Lanka & Island Hermitage.
In 1926, he was allowed to return to the Island Hermitage.
World War II.
In 1939, with the British declaration of war against Nazi Germany, Nyanatiloka and other German-born Sri Lankans were again interned, first in Sri Lanka and then in India (1941). In 1948, he was permitted to return to Sri Lanka.
Sixth Council.
In 1954, Ven. Nyanatiloka and Ven. Nyanaponika (one of Nyanatiloka's disciples) were the only two Western-born monks invited to participate in the Sixth Buddhist council (Burma).
Death.
He died 28 May 1957, in Colombo, Sri Lanka, and was given a state funeral.
Biography.
The English translation of Nyanatiloka's German autobiography — covering his life from his childhood Germany to his return to Ceylon in 1926 after banishment; finished by Nyanatiloka in 1948, but probably based on a draft written in 1926 - was published as part of "The Life of Nyanatiloka: The Biography of a Western Buddhist Pioneer" (written and compiled by Bhikkhu Nyanatusita and Hellmuth Hecker, BPS, Kandy, 2009 View online.) This comprehensive biography contains an introduction, large bibliography, list of disciples, biography of Nyanaponika, photographs, and detailed information on the early history of early German and Western Buddhism.
Work.
English titles by Nyanatiloka:
Autobiography and biography
Nyanatiloka also translated traditional Theravadin Pali texts into German including:

</doc>
<doc id="19313269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313269" title="Communauté de communes des Deux Vallées (Creuse)">
Communauté de communes des Deux Vallées (Creuse)

The communauté de communes des Deux Vallées was created on December 30, 1998 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France. 
It comprises the following 5 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19313279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313279" title="Somali African National Union">
Somali African National Union

Somali African National Union (SANU) () was an early political party in Somalia. It represented the coastal Banaadir region.
History.
The Somali African Union was established during the pre-independence period. It was originally known as the Hamar Youth Club, and had a predominantly Benadiri constituency. The party was at the time the only political ally of the larger Somali Youth League (SYL). Both parties supported a ten year trusteeship period during which the Somali territories would be prepared for independence, followed by the re-unification of Somali land in a Greater Somalia. However, the parties emphasized that the Four-Power Commission should administer the transitional trusteeship body rather than the Italian or Ethiopian authorities.
In the 1960s, the Hamar Youth Club changed its name to the Somali African National Union (SANU). SANU and other parties competed for 123 parliament seats, taking part in the Somali parliamentary elections of 1964. In the general elections held in March 1969, it took home 6 seats. 
The Somali African National Union later split into several political factions. As of 2001, its acronym was the Somali National Union (SNU).

</doc>
<doc id="19313281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313281" title="Back Again... No Matter What">
Back Again... No Matter What

Back Again... No Matter What is the fourth compilation album released by Irish boyband Boyzone. The album was released on 13 October 2008. It became the bands sixth top ten album in the United Kingdom, charting at No. 4 and staying in the top one-hundred for forty-three non-consecutive weeks. It also peaked at No. 3 in Ireland, selling a total of 505,100 copies sold in the United Kingdom, 40,000 in Ireland and 600,000 worldwide. Three new recordings were made for the album: "Love You Anyway", "Better" and "Can't Stop Thinking About You", the former of which were both releases as singles in promotion of the album. The three new songs were the first new material recorded by the band in nine years, and the last to be recorded before the death of Stephen Gately. The band's tour in the summer of 2008 was the tenth highest grossing set of concerts for that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19313288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313288" title="George Arias (boxer)">
George Arias (boxer)

George Arias (born 21 April 1974 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian heavyweight boxer, who is based in São Paulo. His professional record stands at 43 wins and 11 losses in 54 bouts. He works as a personal trainer.
Arias has faced Johnny Nelson, Taras Bidenko, Owen Beck, Sinan Şamil Sam and Juan Carlos Gomez. All but Gomez failed to stop Arias. 
On 6 September 2008, Arias faced Audley Harrison in Manchester but lost on points. He only had a 4-day notice to the bout.
Arias is the current Brazilian and South American heavyweight title holder. As of 2009 George Arias is preparing himself to make an assault toward the world title but this time with the professional help of investors.

</doc>
<doc id="19313300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313300" title="Khamba people">
Khamba people

The Khamba, also spelled Khemba, are a people who inhabit the Yang-Sang-Chu valley, near the Tibetan border. Within the valley they live in the villages Yorton, Lango, Tashigong, Nyukong and Mangkota.
Wheat and maize are principal crops cultivated by the Khamba. Their houses, which are made from stone and wood, are based on a structure that strongly resembles the Monpa.
The Khamba are adherents of Tibetan Buddhism and use Hingna, their own script, which is based on the Tibetan script. However, due to relative isolation from Tibet and occasional contacts with the Adi tribes, they are also somewhat influenced by the Donyi-Polo faith in their beliefs. In every village there will be a Buddhist Lama. Festivals that are celebrated are parallel with the Memba, which includes Losar, the Tibetan New Year.

</doc>
<doc id="19313303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313303" title="Transformation semigroup">
Transformation semigroup

In algebra, a transformation semigroup (or composition semigroup) is a collection of functions from a set to itself that is closed under function composition. If it includes the identity function, it is a transformation (or composition) monoid. This is the semigroup anologue of a permutation group. 
A transformation semigroup of a set has a tautological semigroup action on that set. Such actions are characterized by being effective, i.e., if two elements of the semigroup have the same action, then they are equal.
An analogue of Cayley's theorem shows that any semigroup can be realized as a transformation semigroup of some set.
Transformation semigroups and monoids.
A transformation semigroup is a pair ("X","S"), where "X" is a set and "S" is a semigroup of transformations of "X". Here a transformation of "X" is just a function from "X" to itself, not necessarily invertible, and therefore "S" is simply a set of transformations of "X" which is closed under composition of functions. If "S" includes the identity transformation of "X", then it is called a transformation monoid. Obviously any transformation semigroup "S" determines a transformation monoid "M" by taking the union of "S" with the identity transformation. A transformation monoid whose elements are invertible is a permutation group.
The set of all transformations of "X" is a transformation monoid called the full transformation monoid (or semigroup) of "X". It is also called the symmetric semigroup of "X" and is denoted by "T""X". Thus a transformation semigroup (or monoid) is just a subsemigroup (or submonoid) of the full transformation monoid of "X". The full transformation monoid is a regular semigroup.
If ("X","S") is a transformation semigroup then "X" can be made into a semigroup action of "S" by evaluation:
This is a monoid action if "S" is a transformation monoid.
The characteristic feature of transformation semigroups, as actions, is that they are "effective", i.e., if
then "s" = "t". Conversely if a semigroup "S" acts on a set "X" by "T"("s","x") = "s" • "x" then we can define, for "s" ∈ "S", a transformation "T""s" of "X" by
The map sending "s" to "T""s" is injective if and only if ("X", "T") is effective, in which case the image of this map is a transformation semigroup isomorphic to "S".
Cayley representation.
In group theory, Cayley's theorem asserts that any group "G" is isomorphic to a subgroup of the symmetric group of "G" (regarded as a set), so that "G" is a permutation group. This theorem generalizes straightforwardly to monoids: any monoid "M" is a transformation monoid of its underlying set, via the action given by left (or right) multiplication. This action is effective because if "ax" = "bx" for all "x" in "M", then by taking "x" equal to the identity element, we have "a" = "b".
For a semigroup "S" without a (left or right) identity element, we take "X" to be the underlying set of the monoid corresponding to "S" to realise "S" as a transformation semigroup of "X". In particular any finite semigroup can be represented as a subsemigroup of transformations of a set "X" with |"X"| ≤ |"S"| + 1, and if "S" is a monoid, we have the sharper bound |"X"| ≤ |"S"|, as in the case of finite groups.
Transformation monoid of an automaton.
Let "M" be a deterministic automaton with state space "S" and alphabet "A". The words in the free monoid "A"∗ induce transformations of "S" giving rise to a monoid morphism from "A"∗ to the full transformation monoid "T""S". The image of this morphism is the transformation semigroup of "M".
For a regular language, the syntactic monoid is isomorphic to the transformation monoid of the minimal automaton of the language.

</doc>
<doc id="19313307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313307" title="Kharis Ralph">
Kharis Ralph

Kharis Ralph (born April 22, 1992) is a Canadian ice dancer. With partner Asher Hill, she is the 2008 Canadian junior national champion and 2011 Nebelhorn Trophy bronze medalist.
Career.
Kharis Ralph started skating at age six and began ice dancing a year later. She continued skating in singles for a few years before deciding to focus on ice dancing. She teamed up with Asher Hill in 2002. 
Ralph and Hill won the Canadian pre-novice title in 2006 and the Canadian novice title in 2007. In 2007–08, they debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series and became the 2008 Canadian junior champions. They were 8th at the 2008 World Junior Championships. The following season, they won two silver medals on the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit and rose to 5th at the World Junior Championships. 
Ralph and Hill took another pair of silver medals on the 2009–2010 ISU Junior Grand Prix series and placed 4th on the senior level at the 2010 Canadian Championships. They were assigned to their first senior ISU Championships, the 2010 Four Continents, where they placed 6th. 
In 2011–2012, Ralph and Hill won the bronze medal at the 2011 Nebelhorn Trophy. They were fourth at the 2012 Canadian Championships and were assigned to the 2012 World Championships. Ralph and Hill finished 13th at Worlds.
Personal life.
Kharis Ralph was born in Washington, D.C. but moved to Canada as a child. Her mother is from the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19313311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313311" title="Brigitte Aubert">
Brigitte Aubert

Brigitte Aubert (born in Cannes on March, 1956) is a French writer of detective fiction. She has done some screenwriting and had works adapted for film.

</doc>
<doc id="19313327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313327" title="Drafting of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights">
Drafting of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights

The Universal Declaration of Human Rights was drafted from early 1947 to late 1948 by Canadian John Peters Humphrey of the United Nations Secretariat and representatives of countries which were members of the first United Nations Commission on Human Rights, which was until 2006, when it was replaced by the United Nations Human Rights Council, a standing body of the United Nations.
Well known members of the Commission who contributed significantly to the creation of the Declaration included Eleanor Roosevelt of the United States, who was Chairman, Jacques Maritain and René Cassin of France, Charles Malik of Lebanon, P. C. Chang of Republic of China which is now Taiwan, and Dr (Mrs). Hansa Mehta of India among others.
Membership of the Commission.
The membership of the Commission was designed to be broadly representative of the global community with representatives of the following countries serving: Australia, Belgium, Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, Chile, Republic of China, Egypt, France, India, Iran, Lebanon, Panama, Philippines, United Kingdom, United States, Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, Uruguay and Yugoslavia.
The Humphrey Draft.
Humphrey was newly appointed as Director of the Division of Human Rights within the United Nations Secretariat. In this role he produced the first draft of a list of rights that were to form the basis of the Declaration.
The Cassin Draft (the Second Draft).
The underlying structure of the Universal Declaration was introduced in its second draft which was prepared by René Cassin. Cassin worked from a first draft prepared by John Peters Humphrey. The structure was influenced by the Code Napoleon, including a preamble and introductory general principles. Cassin compared the Declaration to the portico of a Greek temple, with a foundation, steps, four columns and a pediment. Articles 1 and 2 are the foundation blocks, with their principles of dignity, liberty, equality and brotherhood. The seven paragraphs of the preamble, setting out the reasons for the Declaration, are represented by the steps. The main body of the Declaration forms the four columns. The first column (articles 3-11) constitutes rights of the individual, such as the right to life and the prohibition of slavery. The second column (articles 12-17) constitutes the rights of the individual in civil and political society. The third column (articles 18-21) is concerned with spiritual, public and political freedoms such as freedom of religion and freedom of association. The fourth column (articles 22-27) sets out social, economic and cultural rights. In Cassin's model, the last three articles of the Declaration provide the pediment which binds the structure together. These articles are concerned with the duty of the individual to society and the prohibition of use of rights in contravention of the purposes of the United Nations.
Subsequent Drafting.
The Cassin draft was submitted to the Commission on Human Rights and was to undergo editing in the Commission, then in further drafts considered by the Third Committee of the United Nations, and finally in a draft before the General Assembly of the United Nations, which ultimately adopted the Declaration on 10 December 1948. The vote for the declaration was 48 to 0 with eight abstentions: the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, People's Republic of Poland, Union of South Africa and Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
UDHR Timeline.
Source: United Nations Year Book 1948-1949, pp 524 et seq

</doc>
<doc id="19313328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313328" title="Suzana Amaral">
Suzana Amaral

Suzana Amaral (born March 28, 1928 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian film director and screenwriter. She had nine children when she entered film school. In 1976 she entered NYU to further her desire to make films. 
"A Hora da Estrela" (Hour of the Star) was a Submission to the 59th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film. The film is based on the novel by Clarice Lispector. It was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival, where actres Marcelia Cartaxo won the Silver Bear for Best Actress. Four years later, she was a member of the jury at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. Her 2001 film "A Hidden Life" was entered into the 24th Moscow International Film Festival.
She is an avid follower of Bollywood films who says she wants Indian films to come to Brazil in a big way. She is also a Buddhist and has nine children.

</doc>
<doc id="19313343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313343" title="1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's 1500 metres">
1994 European Athletics Championships – Women's 1500 metres

These are the official results of the Women's 1,500 metres event at the 1994 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland. The final was held on 14 August 1994.
Semifinals.
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19313378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313378" title="Gideon Obarzanek">
Gideon Obarzanek

Gideon Obarzanek (born 1966, Melbourne) is an Australian choreographer and the former Artistic Director of Melbourne, Australia based contemporary dance company Chunky Move which he formed in 1995, in collaboration with Garry Stewart.
Gideon Obarzanek spent his early childhood in Israel on an agricultural kibbutz. His family returned to Melbourne where he took jazz ballet lessons, he later went to the Australian Ballet School, graduating in 1987. He danced with the Queensland Ballet after graduation. He later joined the Sydney Dance Company before pursuing a career as a performer and choreographer with various dance companies and independent projects within Australia and abroad. In that period he worked with The Australian Ballet, Sydney Dance Company, Opera Australia and the Netherlands Dance Theatre.
His works for Chunky Move included stage productions, installations, site-specific works and film. His works have been performed in many festivals and theatres around the world in the U.K, Europe, Asia and the Americas. In New York, he has been presented at BAM Next Wave Festival, Dance Theatre Workshop and the Joyce Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="19313415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313415" title="Asher Hill">
Asher Hill

Asher Hill (born March 19, 1991) is a Canadian ice dancer. With partner Kharis Ralph, he is the 2008 Canadian junior national champion and 2011 Nebelhorn Trophy bronze medalist.
Career.
Asher Hill began skating at age four and took up ice dancing at ten. He skated as a solo dancer before finding a partner. He teamed up with Kharis Ralph in 2002. Hill also competed as a single skater at the national level until 2009.
Ralph and Hill won the Canadian pre-novice title in 2006 and the Canadian novice title in 2007. In 2007–08, they debuted on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series and became the 2008 Canadian junior champions. They were 8th at the 2008 World Junior Championships. The following season, they won two silver medals on the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit and rose to 5th at the World Junior Championships.
Ralph and Hill took another pair of silver medals on the 2009–2010 ISU Junior Grand Prix series and placed 4th on the senior level at the 2010 Canadian Championships. They were assigned to their first senior ISU Championships, the 2010 Four Continents, where they placed 6th.
In 2011–2012, Ralph and Hill won the bronze medal at the 2011 Nebelhorn Trophy. They were fourth at the 2012 Canadian Championships and were assigned to the 2012 World Championships. Ralph and Hill finished 13th at Worlds.
Personal life.
Hill is a full-time student at Ryerson University, studying occupational health and safety. He has a twin sister, Acacia.

</doc>
<doc id="19313485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313485" title="Philip Njaru">
Philip Njaru

Philip Afuson Njaru is a Cameroonian investigative journalist. He has been internationally recognized for his work, but has faced widespread harassment from local authorities in his home country. In September 2008 he applied for political asylum in Norway.
Work.
His harassment began in May 1997, when the Chief of Post for the Immigration Police in Ekondo-Titi, a town close to the Nigerian border, responded to Njaru's allegations of various corruption by warning Njaru "that he would 'deal with him', should he continue to publish 'unpatriotic' articles, accusing police officers of corruption and alleging that constable P.N.E. had raped a pregnant Nigerian woman". According to Njaru's statement, he was eventually kicked and beaten to unconsciousness by the Chief of Post in October 1997. Complaints to the local authorities were fruitless because "his complaint had disappeared from the Registry". In February 1998, Njaru, hospitalized, was approached by the constable P.N.E., who arrested him, threatened him and slapped his face.
Njaru spent parts of 1998 in hiding in Bekora Barombi. He was found and approached by the constable P.N.E.
Around May 1999, Njaru wrote a newspaper article where he alleged ill-treatment of civilians conducted by the 11th Navy Battalion based in Ekondo-Titi. In late May Njaru was approached by the local captain who asked Njaru "to stop writing such articles and to disclose his sources". Refusing to do this, Njaru five days later found his house encircled by armed soldiers, and escaped to Kumba. Here, he was assaulted by police in June 2001, with no particular reason stated. Njaru complained to the local authorities, but later learned that "his complaint had not been received".
Later, while still living in the Southwest Province, Njaru was threatened again in October and December 2003.
In 2006, he was accused by local police of working for the Southern Cameroons National Council, a Southern Cameroons secessionist organisation. He was arrested on a bus, beaten and his gear confiscated, according to a piece written by former executive director of the World Press Freedom Committee Marilyn Greene.
In August 2008, Njaru wrote a long complaint about alleged police fraud, arbitrary arrests and extortion of Nigerian immigrants, again in the town of Kumba.
International attention.
In 2005 Njaru filed a case to the United Nations Human Rights Committee, evoking the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and citing "unlawful arrest, ill-treatment and torture, threats from public authorities and failure to investigate" as the reasons for his complaint. The Committee found that Cameroon (the State party) failed to cooperate, not responding regarding the substance of Njaru's claims. Citing previous cases, the Committee found that Njaru's claims should be given weight. Concluding the case in 2007, the Committee commented "that the author is entitled (...) to an effective remedy" and that the state of Cameroon "is under an obligation to ensure that similar violations do not occur in the future".
He was also mentioned specifically in Amnesty International's 2008 country report on Cameroon, as one case in a series of concerns about the human rights in Cameroon.
He has won "multiple international awards" for his investigative journalism, among others the 2002 PEN-Novib Award, given by International PEN and NOVIB for "brave efforts to resist censorship". He was also given the Hellman-Hammett Grant in 2003 by Human Rights Watch.
Defection attempt.
In September 2008 he travelled to the Global Investigative Journalism Conference in Lillehammer, Norway. He represented the Ocean City Radio, for which he has worked the past six years. He had previously been invited to the 2007 edition of the conference, held in Toronto, but was denied entrance into Canada. However, although there were suspicions that Njaru might defect during the conference, no objections were raised towards his entrance into Norway. On the night before the last day of the conference, he applied for political asylum in Norway. According to Njoru himself, he had a "90% chance" of getting murdered if returning to Cameroon. Commenting on the United Nations Human Rights Committee report, which called upon a remedy as well as future protection, Njaru stated that nothing had happened in this respect.

</doc>
<doc id="19313534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313534" title="Antoinette Halloran">
Antoinette Halloran

Antoinette Halloran is an Australian operatic soprano.
Education.
Antoinette Halloran is a graduate of the Victorian College of the Arts where she won the Mabel Kent Scholarship and completed a Diploma of Arts (Voice); she has an Honours Degree in Music from the University of Melbourne. In 1993, she studied at the New England Conservatory in Boston.
Career.
In 1997 Halloran appeared in the Australian film "True Love And Chaos". Halloran also appeared on the 2000 album "Since I Left You" by the Australian electronic music group The Avalanches. She played Gilda in "Rigoletto – a perversion" and Desdemona in "Otello – a subversion" for Theatreworks in their Verdi trilogy.
Early in her career, she performed Mimì in Puccini's "La bohème" for Oz Opera (the touring arm of Opera Australia); she would reprise that role several times in her career. In November 2002 she sang the title role in Jonathan Mills' "The Ghost Wife" at the Barbican Centre in London with Richard Gill conducting.
For Chamber Made Opera, Halloran has performed roles in Dominique Probst's "Motherland of the Foreign Son" and in Elena Kats-Chernin's "Matricide – the Musical". In 1999, she sang Madam Olga in a national tour of Lehár's The Merry Widow, and the Mona Lisa for the Australian premiere of the musical "". In 2000, Halloran was cast by the New York Producers of "Forbidden Broadway" to perform opposite Philip Gould in the Melbourne season. In 2002, she appeared as Sophie de Palma in the national touring production of "Master Class".
In 2004, she toured Japan as Carlotta in Ken Hill’s "Phantom of the Opera" and played the role of Mrs Segstrom for the Melbourne Theatre Company in their production of Sondheim's "A Little Night Music" in Melbourne and Sydney. Also in 2004 Halloran was the winner of the Puccini Foundation Award of the Australian Acclaim Awards which enabled her to study under the Italian soprano Carla Maria Izzo and perform the roles of Kate Pinkerton in
Puccini's "Madama Butterfly" and Prima Ancella in "Turandot" at the prestigious Festival Puccini in Torre del Lago, Italy. She also represented Australia at the "International Hans Gabor Belvedere Singing Competition", conducted by the Wiener Kammeroper.
In 2006, she appeared with Ali McGregor and Dimity Shepherd in the show "Opera Burlesque" in the Spiegeltent "La Gayola" at the Edinburgh Festival
Roles for Opera Australia proper include again Mimì in "La bohème", Despina in Mozart's "Così fan tutte", Gianetta in Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Gondoliers" and Josephine in "H.M.S. Pinafore", Ellen in Delibes' "Lakmé". On 14 January 2009, she stepped in as understudy for Cheryl Barker to sing Cio-Cio San in "Madama Butterfly".
For Melbourne Opera she has sung Cio-Cio San in "Madama Butterfly", Donna Elvira in Mozart's "Don Giovanni, Pamina in "The Magic Flute" and Fiordiligi in "Così fan tutte". Halloran sang Fiordiligi for the inaugural season of Victorian Opera in 2006.
The same year she also appeared as a judge and panelist on the ABC Television series "Operatunity Oz", and she appears regularly on the ABC show "Spicks and Specks".
In 2007, Halloran sang the title role in Antonín Dvořák's "Rusalka" (in Czech), a highly acclaimed Stella in Previn's "A Streetcar Named Desire" which won her a Helpmann Award nomination for best "Best female performer in a supporting role in an opera", and Johanna Barker in Sondheim's for Opera Australia.
In 2008 she sang again Cio-Cio San and Mimì both for Opera Australia and, in a different production, for New Zealand Opera, and Adina in Donizetti's "L'elisir d'amore" for Victorian Opera. In 2009, Halloran sang the title role in "Tosca" for Melbourne Opera. In 2010, she sang the title role in "The Merry Widow" for Opera Queensland (her Brisbane début) and Rosalinde in "Die Fledermaus" for Opera Australia.
Concert performances of Antoinette Halloran include Mozart's "Requiem" with the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra, Orff's" Carmina Burana" with the Melbourne Chorale, John Adams' "El Niño" with Sydney Philharmonia, Haydn’s "Creation" and Fauré's "Requiem" with the Royal Melbourne Philharmonic. She has appeared in concert with Elvis Costello and the Brodsky Quartet for the Sydney Festival. Halloran has also been invited as guest soloist with the Adelaide, Canberra, Melbourne, Tasmanian symphony orchestras and with the Sydney Philharmonia Choirs.
Corporate ventures.
Halloran originally performed with the classical performance group Pot-Pourri; having also reached an advanced level of classical ballet, she became later their choreographer and artistic consultant.
Anoinette Halloran, Dimity Shepherd, Emily Whelan, Tiffany Speight, Danielle Calder, Ali McGregor form the group DivasInc ("Undercover Operators"), which specialises in bringing theatrical entertainment to corporate functions and concerts like Carols by Candlelight.

</doc>
<doc id="19313538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313538" title="Lazarus Bird">
Lazarus Bird

Lazarus Bird is the fifth full-length album by Swedish metalcore band Burst, released on September 16, 2008 by Relapse Records. It features lengthier songs than the albums before it, averaging 7.5 minutes per song. It also exhibits a more experimental nature than any of Burst's previous records.
Recording was completed in Studio Bohussound in Kungalv, Sweden, in May 2008. The album's core concept was described by the band as "homogenic" and "thematic".

</doc>
<doc id="19313559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313559" title="Chomsky (band)">
Chomsky (band)

Chomsky is an American band similar to XTC and The Police.
Founding.
Chomsky originated in the early 1990s in Denton, Texas under the moniker "House on The Hill". Guitarists Sean Halleck and John Norris of Arlington were in this initial group. By 1995, the band had changed its name to Chomsky, and included Halleck, Norris, bassist James Driscoll, and drummers Rob Avsharian (of Bobgoblin) and Luke Adams. This lineup self-released an 8 track album in 1996 which was sold at shows in Denton. In 1997, Adams left the group and moved to Los Angeles where he would later go on to drum for Pete Yorn. Matt Kellum of "The Doldrums" and "Blueface" replaced Adams, and the new lineup began recording with New Bohemian Wes Burt-Martin. However, Norris' side project, "Tommorowpeople", began to take up more of his time.
The Tomorrowpeople were then signed to DGC Records and were often out in Los Angeles, working on their first major label effort. This created problems for Chomsky, who relied heavily on Norris' keyboard and guitar eccentricities in their recordings and live show. Because of this, Chomsky played infrequently in 1997 and early 1998. In April 1998 new drummer Matt Kellum befriended guitarist Glen Reynolds backstage at Fry Street Fair. Reynolds was there to hang out with his friend and former drummer Pete Young, who was playing with .357 Lover that day. Kellum was there with former Chomsky drummer Avsharian and, as the only non-drummer present, Reynolds stuck out to Kellum. The two became fast friends and Kellum invited Reynolds to practice with the band in the future.
Kellum placed a follow-up call to Reynolds later the next week and the next day Reynolds, Driscoll, Kellum, and Halleck played together for the first time. This final Chomsky line up would go on to play together for the next 10 years. At the band's first ever practice, Halleck showed Reynolds a new song, "Road". Reynolds debuted with Chomsky a week after that first practice, playing a show at Dan's Bar on the eve of Kellum's University of North Texas graduation. Within three months, both Reynolds and Kellum moved from Denton to Dallas to work and take Chomsky more seriously.
Chomsky released its second full length record in the summer of 1999. The record, "A Few Possible Selections for the Soundtrack of Your Life", went on to win the band several "Dallas Observer" and Fort Worth Music awards in 2000.
Touring.
Chomsky spent its early years from 1994-1999 playing strictly in Denton and Dallas. The group branched out further, hitting places like Austin, Houston, Lubbock, and Fort Worth on a consistent basis. By 2001 Chomsky was playing shows around Texas often with Dallas label mates the Deathray Davies and DARYL. Chomsky also went on several "jaunts", or short national tours. The first of these was a late 2001 tour with Pennsylvania's The Juliana Theory. This tour spanned the states directly east of the Mississippi and included three Texas dates. 2002 was spent primarily doing short weekend tours of Texas with Idol records label mates DARYL and DRD. Also in 2002 was a summer tour of the midwest with saw Chomsky playing the Great Lakes area states. In 2003, Chomsky went on a tour of the Midwest and West Coasts twice as well as several shows in and around Texas, playing new cities in Texas such as San Marcos, Odessa, Wichita Falls, and Spring. On a 2004 West Coast tour Chomsky made an appearance on CBS' "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson", during which the band played "Fine" from "Let's Get To Second".
Labels.
Chomsky signed its first record deal with Dallas' Idol Records in 2000. Idol released the two most well-known Chomsky albums, "A Few Possible Selections for the Soundtrack of Your Life" and "Onward Quirky Soldiers". In 2003, Chomsky signed with uber-fledgling label Aezra Records of Phoenix, Arizona. The band recorded 2004's "Let's Get To Second" for that label. Chomsky has also released songs on several compilations, including Summer Break Records' "Sunny Teriyaki Hamburger Breakfast". Chomsky's 1996 first album and the 5 songs recorded by Wes Burt Martin in 1996-97 are out of print and were self-released.

</doc>
<doc id="19313585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313585" title="Greater Somalia League">
Greater Somalia League

Greater Somalia League (GSL) was a political party in Somalia.
History.
The GSL was led by Haaji Mahammad Husseen. It was formed by dissidents of the Somali Youth League (SYL).
The party was fiercely nationalist and called for the unification of all Somali areas into one state. It charged the Somali Youth League with not wanting the unification of Somalia. Haaji Mahammad Husseen and a group of his followers were arrested after violent protests and put to trial.
The GSL boycotted the 1958 municipal election, charging harassment from the SYL. It also boycotted the later 1959 elections.
During its existence, the party enjoyed good relations with the Republican Union in French Somaliland.

</doc>
<doc id="19313589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313589" title="Driving license in Iran">
Driving license in Iran

There are five types of driver's license in Iran: Motorcycles Permit, Third Grade Driver's license, Second Grade Driver's license, First Grade Driver's license and Specific Driver's license. The minimum age for driving in Iran is 18 years old.
Age Requirements for licenses:
Restrictions:
Driving Police of Iran

</doc>
<doc id="19313590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313590" title="Communauté de communes Bourganeuf et Royère-de-Vassivière">
Communauté de communes Bourganeuf et Royère-de-Vassivière

The communauté de communes Bourganeuf et Royère-de-Vassivière was created on December 31, 1999 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France.
Participants.
The communauté comprises the following 20 communes:
Policies and objectives.
The policy and objectives of the communauté are economic development, improvement of habitat, preservation of natural heritage and enhancement of cultural heritage, maintaining and welcoming a changing population and economic activities. <br>
The communauté plans to restore the sites of the ‘’Martinèche’’, at Soubrebost, where Martin Nadaud was born and died. It is proposed to create a memorial space and visitors’ centre based on the life of Martin Nadaud. To this effect, a public subscription has been proposed. <br>
To protect the site from any other development, the communauté purchased in 2007, nearly of the Mazure marshes located between Royère and Saint-Pierre-Bellevue. Placed under a forestry regime, the marsh will be managed by the National Forestry Office.

</doc>
<doc id="19313594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313594" title="Michael Bolt">
Michael Bolt

Michael Bolt is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s. He played in the NSWRL Premiership for the Illawarra Steelers, also captaining the club. 
Bolt was a durable Hooker who played in 187 consecutive grade matches, a then record in the NSWRL Premiership. He was the Illawarra 'player of the year' in 1983 and 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19313596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313596" title="William Blinn">
William Blinn

William Frederick Blinn (born July 21, 1937) is an American screenwriter and television producer.
Biography.
Career.
Born in Toledo, Ohio, Blinn began his career in television in the 1960s. As a screenwriter, Blinn has written episodes of "Rawhide", "Here Come the Brides", "Gunsmoke", "The Rookies", and "Fame" (where he also served as executive producer). In 1971, Blinn wrote the screenplay for the television movie "Brian's Song" for which he won an Emmy and Peabody Award. He won a second Emmy in 1977 for his work on the miniseries "Roots". Blinn also created two series for producing mogul Aaron Spelling: "Starsky and Hutch" (Blinn later produced the 2004 film of the same name); and the less-successful "Heaven Help Us", which co-starred Ricardo Montalban of "Fantasy Island" fame.
Other famous William Blinn's series are "Eight is Enough" and "Fame".
In addition to screenwriting (which includes "Purple Rain"), Blinn has also produced several television series and television movies including "Aaron's Way", "Polly: Comin' Home!", and "".

</doc>
<doc id="19313605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313605" title="Christopher Nyholm Shawcross">
Christopher Nyholm Shawcross

Christopher Nyholm Shawcross, KC (20 June 1905 – 18 August 1973) was a British lawyer and Labour politician.
He was the younger son of John Shawcross and Hilda Constance Asser. He was educated at Dulwich College and University College, Oxford, before going on to study law at Gray's Inn.
He was called to the bar in 1931 and practised at the Common Law Bar in London and in the Midland Circuit. With the outbreak of the Second World War, Shawcross joined the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve, where he reached the rank of commander.
At the 1945 general election he was returned as Labour MP for Widnes. He was a Europhile parliamentarian, serving on the Parliamentary Committee on the Channel Tunnel, the all party group for European Union, and the British Council of the European Movement. He retired from politics in 1950.
He became a King's Counsel in 1949, and pursued a distinguished legal career. In particular he worked in new areas of law, producing books on motor insurance and air law. he retired from the Bar in 1961, but returned to practice in the South Eastern Circuit in 1969. 
Christopher Shawcross married twice. His 1931 marriage to Doreen Burrows was dissolved in 1949, and he married Maridel Chance in the same year and they had two children. He was the younger brother of Hartley Shawcross, also a distinguished lawyer and Labour politician. 
He died at his home in Haywards Heath, Sussex, aged 68.

</doc>
<doc id="19313612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313612" title="Kaschenism">
Kaschenism

Kaschenism is a specific style of conversation in forums, blogs, Fido echos, etc. used by some people in Russian FidoNet and Internet. Its main feature is provocativeness and mockery while being formally polite. Historically, Kaschenist style uses many words and idioms of Jewish origin; and in conversations, Kashenists often pretend to be Jews, in order to troll anti-Semites while also causing others to make excuses to prove that they are not anti-Semites. Kaschenist style also typically uses medical terms, especially from psychiatry; this is because Kaschenists consider themselves jocularly as "network psychiatrists", and imitate either medical staff or, conversely, patients in a mental hospital.
The word Kaschenism also denotes a philosophy of people who use Kaschenist style in electronic conversations.
Etymology.
The word "Kaschenism" comes from a name of Kaschenko mental hospital, which name has become an idiom in Russian (similarly with Bedlam in English). This hospital, in turn, had been named after a prominent Russian psychiatrist Pyotr Petrovich Kashchenko. Kashenists consider Pyotr Petrovich to be their virtual patron saint.
Origin.
Kashenism originated as a Fidonet echo conference SU.KASCHENKO.LOCAL (SKL) created by Vladimir "MedBrat" Timofeev in 1998.
In the first half of 2000-s, SKL (and Russian FidoNet in general) slowly became deserted, and in 2005 MedBrat led residual Kashenists away from SKL to the Internet forum kaschenko.ru; SKL worked then for a while but now it is almost dead.
Ideology and philosophy.
The basics of an ideology of a Kaschenism are told in a text called "Kaschenesis"
Also, there is a digest of the Kashenist ideology formulated in three phrases, a kind of Kaschenists motto; the phrases are:
The same in Russian, (as it is written in an upper part of every page of kaschenko.ru):
Since those slogans written in Russian contain eight words containing 99 letters total, Kaschenists often abbreviate their motto as 8/99, and use such an abbreviation as a greeting (which is in turn a mockery on a Nazi greeting 14/88).
Influence.
The influence of Kaschenism upon Russian Internet is quite significant, especially the influence of Kaschenist slang which is now known and is sometimes used by a big part of Russian-speaking Internet users, though they never were Kashenists themselves. Also, Kaschenists, who appeared earlier than the well-known "padonki" subculture, contributed much to padonkaffsky jargon, and many of the early "padonki" were former Kaschenists.

</doc>
<doc id="19313618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313618" title="David Bryant">
David Bryant

David James Bryant CBE (born 27 October 1931) is a former three-time World (outdoors) singles bowls champion (in 1966, 1980 and 1988) and also a three-time World indoors singles champion (in 1979, 1980 and 1981). 
Bryant was born in Clevedon, North Somerset, England. In addition to his world titles, he won the Commonwealth Games singles bowls championship on 4 occasions in 1962, 1970, 1974 and 1978. No bowls competition was held in the 1966 Commonwealth Games.
In 1969 he was awarded the Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for "services to bowls", and in 1980 he was awarded the Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for again for "services to bowls".
Bryant also won the Middleton Cup on numerous occasions where among his Somerset team mates was former Scottish League internationalist footballer, Bobby Black.
David Bryant has many books on the subject of bowls, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19313622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313622" title="Effects of Hurricane Ike in Texas">
Effects of Hurricane Ike in Texas

The effects of Hurricane Ike in Texas were crippling and long-lasting. Ike's effects included deaths, widespread damage, and impacts to the price and availability of oil and gas. Hurricane Ike also had a long-term impact on the U.S. economy. Making landfall over Galveston, at 2:10 a.m. CDT on 13 September 2008, "giant" Hurricane Ike caused extensive damage in Texas, with sustained winds of 110 mph (175 km/h), a 22 ft (6.8 m) storm surge, and widespread coastal flooding.
More than 140,000 residents in the Texas Gulf Coast danger zones in Ike's path had failed to evacuate, partly due to fears of multi-hour traffic jams as during Hurricane Rita, but over 940 were rescued from rising waters,
and nearly 2,000 rescued afterward.
As of December 27, 2008, 37 people are known to have lost their lives in Texas due to Ike while hundreds are still missing.
The storm had come ashore hours before daybreak with 110-mph (175 km/h) winds and towering waves, pushing boats ashore, smashing many houses, flooding thousands of homes, knocking out windows in Houston's skyscrapers, uprooting trees, and cutting electric power to more than millions of customers (estimates range from 2.8 million to 4.5 million customers) for weeks or months.
Some people survived by punching holes in attics, climbing to rooftops or trees, using nearby boats, or floating on debris until reaching solid ground.
Afterward, an estimated 100,000 homes had been flooded in Texas, and numerous boats washed ashore. Galveston was declared uninhabitable, and Houston imposed a week-long nighttime curfew due to limited electric power.
Hurricane preparations.
Galveston, nearby waterfront towns, and low-lying suburbs of Houston had been partially evacuated.
On September 8, Texas State Governor Rick Perry declared 88 Texas state counties a disaster area in preparation for Hurricane Ike, expected to hit the Texas coast as early as Saturday morning, which included placing 7,500 Texas Military Forces troops on standby. The Texas County of Brazoria called for voluntary evacuation and Matagorda County called for mandatory evacuation as did the County of Brazoria for zip code 77541 and the city of Lake Jackson. Galveston, parts of southern Houston and areas south of the city and near the Texas coast were under a mandatory evacuation order starting at noon September 11.
On September 10, U.S. President George W. Bush made an emergency declaration for Texas in advance of Hurricane Ike, making more federal help available for preparations and evacuations.
State rural water associations activated mutual aid networks to prepare for the landfall of Hurricane Hanna and Hurricane Ike while still providing assistance to areas impacted by Hurricane Gustav. The Texas Rural Water Association held meetings with state agencies on Tuesday, September 9, to plan for landfall along the Texas gulf coast.
On September 11, forecasting models began to show Ike making landfall just south of Galveston. City Manager Steve LeBlanc late Wednesday issued a mandatory evacuation order for the low lying west end of Galveston Island. Later, the mandatory evacuation order was extended to the entire island of Galveston, as well as low-lying areas around Houston, Texas.
Also on September 11, at 8:19 p.m. (CDT), the National Weather Service in Houston/Galveston, TX issued a strongly worded bulletin, regarding storm surge along the shoreline of Galveston Bay. The bulletin advised residents living in single-family homes in some parts of coastal Texas may face "certain death" if they do not heed orders to evacuate. Reports said as many as 40 percent of Galveston's citizens may have not paid attention to the warnings. It was feared to be much the same in Port Arthur.
The threat to low-lying areas between Morgan City, Louisiana, and Baffin Bay, Texas, east of the projected eye of Hurricane Ike may experience the greatest damage from storm surges of up to 25 feet. Waves at sea are expected to be higher, up to 70 feet according to computer simulations.
The prices of crude oil and gas increased in the expectation of damage to some of the numerous oil refineries along the South Texas coast, or at least delays in production from the oil and gas platforms in the Gulf of Mexico.
Surge measurements.
Landfall had been predicted near Freeport, Texas, by the National Hurricane Center, as of Wednesday, 10 September 2008. However, the actual landfall was further east, over the east end
of Galveston Island (near Texas City, TX), with the eye centered over Galveston Bay. Because some winds blew from the north at Galveston, water was pushed back out into the Gulf, and the actual storm surge there was muted to 19 ft (5.8 m), rather than the original prediction of over 25 ft (7.6 m) as with a west-end landfall, which would have pushed more water into Galveston Bay, being a channel bay.
As of 13 September 2008, the highest storm surge had been noted at Sabine Pass at 22 ft (6.5 m), the highest surge ever recorded at that station, and Ike also brought on the record for greatest storm surge ever seen with any Category 2 hurricane. 
However, Bolivar Peninsula, at the entrance to Galveston Bay, was nearer to the eastern side of the eye.
The morning high tide (on 2008-09-13), adding 2.3 ft (0.7 m), occurred at 4:14am CDT at the Galveston Bay entrance. 
The total eastern storm tide was then nearly 16 ft (4.9 m) by landfall at 2:10am, with higher waves on top.
Aftermath.
On the night of September 12, 2008, the eye of Hurricane Ike approached the Texas coast near Galveston Bay, making landfall at 2:10 a.m. CDT over the east end of Galveston Island(near Texas City).
People in low-lying areas who had not heeded evacuation orders, in single-family one- or two-story homes, had been warned by the weather service that they "faced certain death" in the overnight storm surge.
In regional Texas towns, electrical power began failing before 8 p.m. CDT,
leaving more than 3 million people without power. In addition, grocery store shelves in the Houston area were left empty.
Rainfall estimates indicated that 2-day rainfall totals from mid-day Friday through mid-day Saturday exceeded 20 inches (50 cm) in parts of both northern Harris County and southern Montgomery County, with a multi-county area receiving at least 10 inches (25 cm) of rainfall.
Bolivar Peninsula and southern Chambers County.
Bolivar Peninsula got the strong side of the storm. 
Bolivar Peninsula, just east across the water from the landfall site on Galveston Island, had been submerged under the storm tide.
Water from the storm surge was over the first floor of many houses.
Most, if not all of the communities previously located on the Bolivar Peninsula, which together with Galveston Island separates Galveston Bay from the Gulf of Mexico, were utterly devastated. Based on an extensive aerial survey conducted on the afternoons of Saturday, September 13 and Sunday, September 14, very little remains west of the community of High Island. The area of total or near-total destruction includes Caplen, Port Bolivar, and the area surrounding Gregory Park. Most, if not all of the structures that had been situated along the length of Highway 87 west of High Point, as well as Highway 108 on the western edge of Bolivar, were destroyed.
Crystal Beach, a populous community located roughly at the midpoint of the peninsula, was submerged and destroyed; waves and wind pounded houses, and even some houses elevated on 14-ft (4.3–m) stilts rolled into the waters. The tiny beachfront community of Gilchrist, which sat astride the north-facing Rollover Bay on Bolivar, was completely swept away, save for only a few homes. One of these homes, the only one in its neighbourhood to remain intact (although it was rendered uninhabitable), attracted widespread media interest after images of it began to appear in newspapers and on television. At least six bodies were found in an extensive search.
Two flood water sensors in Chambers County, Texas survived Ike's storm surge, while those on eastern Bolivar Peninsula were left inoperable during the hurricane. Along the Eastern shores of Galveston Bay surge heights were measured at 16.9 feet (5.15 m) and a measurement along SH126 measured 17.0 feet (5.18 m). Massive amounts of surge carried debris, largely from Bolivar Peninsula and southern Chambers County were left along the northern coast of Rollover bay Chambers county.
There is controversy whether houses near the beach are allowed to be rebuilt if they are destroyed by such storms.
Galveston.
In Galveston, by 4 p.m. CDT (2100 UTC) on September 12, the rising storm surge began overtopping the 17-ft (5.2 m) Galveston Seawall, which faces the Gulf of Mexico; waves had been crashing along the seawall earlier, from 9 a.m. CDT.
Although Seawall Boulevard is elevated above the shoreline, many areas of town slope down behind the seawall to the lower elevation of Galveston Island.
The historic Balinese Room, a former mafia-run nightclub that had extended 600 feet into the Gulf of Mexico and had withstood many serious storms, was swept away as Ike's eye crossed over the eastern half of Galveston Island. The elevated structure, which had hosted performers ranging from Frank Sinatra, Bob Hope and George Burns to Groucho Marx and Sammy Davis, Jr., had recently been renovated and returned to profitability after years of neglect and disrepair, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The rock band ZZ Top had a song named after the popular destination, "Balinese".
None of the many wooden piers that gave Galveston much of its unique character survived the landfall of Hurricane Ike. In addition to the Balinese Room, Murdoch's, Hooters and the 61st Street Pier were all completely destroyed.
Murdoch's Pier was rebuilt and reopened in October 2009, while Hooters Galveston (housed in the former Ocean Grill building) was not rebuilt; the site remains vacant as of 2011. Because of the recession, Texas Wings (the subsidiary of Hooters of America based out of Dallas, TX) executives have no future plans to reestablish a Hooters franchise in Galveston. The 61st Street Pier was rebuilt and reopened in 2010. Seawall Boulevard, which runs the entire length of the seawall several meters above the popular beaches adjoining the Gulf, was littered with the debris of these and other structures.
The landmark Flagship Hotel, which sat on deep concrete pylons, was seriously damaged, but no one was injured, and while an early survey indicated the structure would be salvageable; however that proved to be untrue, and the hotel was demolished in 2011.Some of the hotel's siding was peeled off by the storm (this occurred during Hurricane Alicia in 1983), venting at least one top-floor guest suite to the open air, and the elevated ramp permitting vehicles to access the hotel's lower level from Seawall Boulevard fell into the Gulf.
The seemingly protected back side of the island also suffered heavy damage to tourist areas. The Lone Star Flight Museum suffered massive damage as the storm surge washed over the airport and though all the aircraft hangars (not just the museums) with about 8 feet of water. All the airplanes, except those that flew out before the storm, where damaged from moderate to severe, but the worst was the complete destruction of the "Aviation Hall of Fame" with numerous personal items of aviations greatest pioneers. As of August 2011, plans are underway to relocate the Lone Star Flight Museum to Ellington Field even though a 20-year lease extension from Scholes Field was signed. The recently completed Schlitterbahn Water Park is still closed as of November as they continue to work on repairs Conversely, Moody Gardens was built with hurricane storms in mind with strong pyramid shaped structures very high above sea level, so it was able to withstand the worst of the storm and return to operation quickly.
The Galveston Railroad Museum suffered damage throughout its museum and exhibit grounds. Several railcars and locomotives are damaged by the hurricane's winds and flooding# 2 historical EMD F7 locomotives are scrapped after severely affected. The museum's model railroad layout was also destroyed.
Even though there were advance evacuation plans, Mary Jo Naschke, spokesperson for the city of Galveston, estimated that (as of Friday morning) a quarter of the city's residents disregarded calls for them to evacuate, despite predictions that most of Galveston Island would suffer heavy flooding storm tide. By 6 p.m. Friday night, estimates varied as to how many of the 58,000 residents remained, but the figures of remaining residents were in the thousands.
Some people survived by punching holes in attics and carried sick relatives away from the flood. On the 91st Street Pier, formerly a two-story structure resembling a house that extended some 400 feet (120 m) into the Gulf, three persons opted to ride the storm out, despite a National Weather Service warning direly predicting that they faced "certain death" from what was expected to be up to a 24-foot storm surge. Calling local emergency operators three hours ahead of Ike's landfall, they requested evacuation by Coast Guard personnel, as the entire length of the pier and the structure's first story had by that time fallen into the Gulf. They were informed that no one could rescue them at that time, due to the unacceptable risks their prospective rescuers would be subjected to. Weathering the storm huddled inside what remained of the pier's second floor, they were lifted to safety by a rescue helicopter late the following morning.
An early survey of Galveston Island, performed late Saturday, September 13 and Sunday, September 14, 2008, indicated that the entirety of the Island west of 11 Mile Road was entirely devastated, and that few structures on Galveston's western one-third had survived. This area of near-total destruction includes the communities of Bayou Vista and Jamaica Beach, as well as the Galveston Country Club and the Galveston Island State Park. The affected area previously included some 1,000 structures, including single-family dwellings, commercial enterprises, and hotels and resorts. It is unknown how many residents may have ignored repeated calls to evacuate, or what became of those who decided to remain in Galveston's vulnerable West End.
Electric power failed in Galveston around 7:45 p.m. CDT.
Widespread flooding included downtown Galveston: such as 6-ft (2 m) deep inside the Galveston County Courthouse, and the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston was flooded. Five people have died on Galveston Island - two of them drowned and three of them were due to natural causes.
"Transfer of survivors:" In transferring survivors out of town, Galveston officials planned to use Ball High School, which was being used as a "shelter of last resort" for evacuees, to be a center for FEMA. More than 200 residents had been staying at the school shelter, and hundreds more were eating meals there. Buses were brought in on Sunday to take residents from that shelter, and others who wanted to leave the island, to a shelter in San Antonio.
On the day of landfall, police were stopping travelers at La Marque, 4 miles (6 km) north of Galveston, and making them exit the highway. Interstate 45 at La Marque had been closed because boats and parts of wrecked piers were strewn throughout floodwaters blocking the road.
From a historical perspective, on September 8, 1900, the Great Galveston Hurricane came ashore on a path similar to Ike, bringing with it a storm surge that inundated most of Galveston Island: as a result, much of the city was destroyed and at least 6,000 people were killed in a few hours; afterward, the level of the island was raised an average of 4 ft (1.3 m), adding a high seawall (17-ft, 5.2 m) to block incoming waves.
The annual Lone Star Motorcycle Rally, usually held in late October or early November, was rescheduled to December 2008. The economic impact after Ike have affected Galveston businesses - the hardest hit was in the Strand where a few vacant building spaces sit empty. A new promoter for the annual Mardi Gras celebration, Yaga's Entertainment Inc. signed a 5-year contract with the City of Galveston where admission fees are charged on both weekends prior to Fat Tuesday, angering revelers, businessowners, and tourists despite the effects of the late-2000s recession.
Houston.
In Houston, windows also broke in downtown buildings such as the 75-story JPMorgan Chase Tower, and Reliant Stadium was damaged. According to a witness interviewed by FoxNews, furniture from offices in the JPMorgan Chase building was blown out of the shattered windows and into the parking garage across the street. A fire partially burned Brennan's restaurant in downtown Houston, but workers were rescued. Many trees were uprooted, and bus stop shelters were mangled. The Houston Theater District was flooded.
Although electric power was out in most of the region, the lights remained on at the Texas Medical Center, a complex of about a dozen hospitals. At Memorial Hermann Hospital, patients were coming in with a variety of problems, including people who had run out of medicine or oxygen, or others who had cuts and bruises.
Eight deaths have been blamed on Ike in Houston, all of which were indirect in cleanup incidents such as carbon monoxide poisoning from generators used or fires from light sources while power was out, or accidents involving tree cutting.
Hurricane Ike affected Houston Astros' late dash for Major League Baseball's playoffs, indefinitely postponing Friday and Saturday's games against the Chicago Cubs.
Flights in and out of Houston's two major airports (Bush Intercontinental and Hobby) were suspended on Friday September 12, 2008, with plans to resume on the following Sunday. However, as of Sunday September 14, 2008, Intercontinental remained without power, but both airports planned to re-open Monday with limited service.
Due to large number of destroyed, damaged, or dysfunctional traffic lights, most Houston roads remained clogged two weeks after Ike hit. Many highway exits were jammed and caused a gridlock on highways as well, especially during rush hours. Many gas stations were out of service for a week because of no electricity to pump the gas. The few that functioned resulted in long lines and only once a week gasoline deliveries. This "hit and miss" to find gasoline led to the buying out of gasoline once it was delivered. Similarly there were long lines in most of the few open grocery stores, home repair stores, and restaurants.
Texas City.
A Valero Energy Corp. spokesman, Bill Day, said that crews would soon get in to inspect the oil refineries in Houston and Texas City, which remained shut down on Saturday, 13 September 2008. Texas City (north of Galveston) was very near to the landfall site of Hurricane Ike. The Mainland Medical Center (off I-45) closed its doors on Saturday (13Sep08) at 4 p.m. CDT, after water service was unavailable in the area. One death has been reported in Texas City, which was caused by a lack of dialysis treatment due to the storm's aftermath.
The beloved Texas City Dike, a manmade structure extending nearly five miles into the mouth of Galveston Bay, was overtopped and seriously damaged along with all structures built upon it. The dike, known to locals as "the world's longest manmade fishing pier," had stood for seven decades and was considered Texas City's primary defense against the devastation wrought by a powerful storm surge.
An aerial survey late afternoon Sunday, September 14, revealed that the eastern and northern portions of Texas City, as well as San Leon were still substantially flooded. Substantial wind damage appeared to have been sustained by the Texas City Industrial Complex that borders Galveston Bay.
A few businesses, including some gasoline stations, convenience stores and fast food restaurants, were planning to re-open as early as Monday, September 15, 2008. Beginning Sunday, September 14, the Texas Military Forces began using the city's high school football stadium as a staging and relocation area used by Black Hawk helicopters, which were used to retrieve stranded citizens from Bolivar, Galveston and other area communities. Also on September 14, the Red Cross opened a disaster relief center in Texas City.
League City.
In League City, TX, the electric power went out, and CenterPoint Energy said it could take four weeks or more to restore power after the largest outage in the company's history.
Residents who evacuated were allowed to return on 16 September 2008 and advised to bring back enough food for two weeks; a dusk-until-dawn curfew was in effect. Two deaths have been reported in League City, both due to natural causes indirectly caused by Ike.
Kemah, Seabrook, Taylor Lake Village and El Lago.
Kemah, Texas, about 35 miles (56 km) south of Houston, was without power and water, and still had 5 feet of flooding on Saturday, 13 September 2008. State Highway 146 was closed at the 2094 intersection. There was a lot of debris on the roads, completely covering some lanes.
Severe damage occurred at the Kemah Boardwalk, the site of many popular restaurants and shops, as well as a small waterfront amusement park with various rides, including a carousel, kiddie train and Ferris wheel overlooking Galveston Bay. The entire first floor of Landry's seafood restaurant was demolished and swept away, as well as those of neighboring structures. The Boardwalk had received 4 million visitors per year.
In an interview on local CBS affiliate KHOU-TV, the Boardwalk manager expressed confidence that despite such unprecedented devastation to the tourist attraction, the site would be rebuilt.
In Seabrook, most homes and businesses east of State Highway 146 (close to Galveston Bay) were flooded by storm surge, which included the Miramar subdivision and "Old Seabrook". Homes along Todville Rd (which parallels Galveston Bay) were washed away, or had their entire bottom floors gutted. State Highway 146 just north of the Kemah Bridge was completely inundated, causing boats and other debris to collect on the highway after the waters subsided. The Seabrook Waterfront district sustained substantial damage. The surge caused boats to float onto or very close to Nasa Road 1.. also destroyed boat docks and businesses along Nasa Road 1 all the way to the Nassau Bay Hilton hotel.
Clear Lake and Nassau Bay.
Near Clear Lake, where winds reportedly gusted over 100 mph, many people rode out the storm at the Nassau Bay Hilton, across from the NASA/JSC complex. The roof of the Mission Control Center of NASA's Johnson Space Center was damaged by Hurricane Ike, but there were no injuries and no major flooding. Along with the roof damage, there were branches and light poles on the ground, with minor damage to buildings and vehicles. There was also damage to hangars and awnings at NASA's Ellington Field,
east of I-45. NASA has its own generators to provide electric power.
Baytown.
Baytown, on the upper portion of Galveson Bay, was affected by the storm surge from Hurricane Ike. Homes in the Lakewood subdivision on the western side of Baytown on the bay sustained major flood damage. Many homes were eventually demolished because they were beyond repair. The Bayland Marina on the Waterfront District near Hwy 146 sustained major damage. All boats docked there were lost. Most of the boats were found along Hwy 146 or in the nearby subdivision. Hurricane Ike also caused the temporary shutting down of the Baytown ExxonMobil refinery.
Jefferson County.
Like most of East Texas, the Beaumont and Port Arthur areas received winds at hurricane force. Ike's storm surge threatened the Port Arthur levees, and penetrated far enough inland to contaminate the water supply for Beaumont with salt water.
Hardest hit were rural areas of Jefferson County, including the unincorporated communities of LaBelle and Fannett. As of Sept 18, 4000 head of cattle were estimated dead, drowned by floods in the county, both from rain, and storm surge.
One fatality has been reported in extreme Southeast Texas related to Ike. It was as a result of a generator fire when power was out. Despite official assurances that this was the only Ike-related death in the area, rumors spread that large numbers of people died during the storm. This was fueled by the presence of refrigerated trailers outside a Beaumont funeral home. The funeral home had lost electrical service and was using the trailers to store bodies of people who died of natural causes until burials could be arranged.
Orange County.
Damage was widespread and severe across Orange County. Storm surge almost completely flooded Bridge City, breached the levee at the City of Orange, and travelled up the Neches River to flood Rose City.
The City of Orange received winds at hurricane force. Mayor Brown Claybar estimated about a third of the city of 19,000 people was flooded, anywhere from 6 inches (15 cm) to 6 feet (2 m). He said about 375 people, of those who stayed behind during the storm, began to emerge, some needing food, water and medical care. Many dead fish littered streets and properties.
Bridge City Mayor Kirk Roccaforte estimated that only 14 homes in the city were unaffected by the surge. 5 of which were in the Oakview addition on Louise Street. The piles of debris and waterlogged furniture placed outside homes by residents beginning to clean up led the mayor to say "The whole city looks like a flea market. During the post-storm cleanup, Bridge City residents found swimming pools had been occupied by jellyfish brought inland with the water. Three people were found dead in Orange County on September 29.
Corpus Christi.
Corpus Christi, TX received winds at tropical-storm force. Near Corpus Christi, a man was reportedly swept away; he is presumed dead. The Coast Guard searched for his body after the storm had passed.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reopened 7 stores in the Corpus Christi area on Saturday, 13 September 2008.
Other towns.
One death was confirmed to have been Ike-related as a tree fell onto a boy in Montgomery County while being cut in preparation for the storm, and another person was killed not far away from a fallen tree during the storm. After the storm, another tree-cutting accident involving a damaged tree killed another young boy in Montgomery County, and a cleanup accident involving a truck resulted in a fourth death in the county. Another fallen tree in Huntsville resulted in a fatality after it crashed into a house. In Anahuac, one person was electrocuted in the preparations, and one person was killed by a house fire while without power in Walker County.
On Goat Island, there were reports of a herd of cattle and other livestock that survived the storm, although it was unclear from where they had arrived onto the narrow sandbar.
Also in San Leon, three members of a family that had opted to ride out the storm were still missing as of midnight, Monday, September 15, 2008. One person in San Leon drowned.
The storm brought to San Leon a large herd of parrots which have nested between a number of the power transformers and the power poles along Bayview Drive near the county park. The noise from these birds can be heard throughout the park. Several roofing companies have experienced these parrots making threatening passes at their workers while trying to make repairs on the roofs in the community.
Tiki Island, a low-lying waterfront community bordered by North Bay and West Bay along Interstate Highway 45, sustained extensive water damage, but most of the structures remained intact.
The neighborhood of Bayou Vista, just north of Tiki Island at the intersection of IH-45, State Highway 6 and State Highways 3 and 146, was substantially damaged.
The bayfront community of Virginia Point, on the other side of the Bay from Galveston Island, was swept away.
Electrical outages.
CenterPoint Energy, the largest power company in the region, said that it had restored power to 112,000 homes and business on Saturday, plus many of Houston's skyscrapers had regained power. The progress was as follows:
However, over 1.5 million people remained without power as of Sept. 16, 2008.
Entergy Texas, whose service area includes Beaumont-Port Arthur west to cities north of Houston such as The Woodlands and Conroe, estimated that 392,600 of their 395,000 customers lost power during Ike. Although nearly all their customers lost power, the company reported restoration of electrical service to all customers who could safely receive power on September 25, twelve days after the storm. The majority of Entergy customers unable to receive power were located in High Island and on the Bolivar Peninsula.
Offshore ships and oil rigs.
On Saturday, September 13, 2008, the US Coast Guard sent the tugboat "Rotterdam" to rescue the crew of a disabled freighter, "Antalina", carrying 22 people, hours after the ship had survived Hurricane Ike, without any means of escaping.
Repairs to the ship's broken fuel pump will be made at sea; the tugboat will then tow the ship to Port Arthur, Texas, to be anchored for additional repairs and eventually to offload more of its cargo: petroleum coke, a petroleum byproduct.
Two oil rigs were adrift in the Gulf of Mexico, but crews had prepared to secure both rigs as soon as the water conditions settled.
As of Sept. 19, a revised total of 49 oil and gas platforms, of the 3,800 in the Gulf, were considered destroyed (compared with 44 destroyed during Hurricane Katrina).
BP reported that the drilling derrick (tower) on its Mad Dog platform had been toppled into the sea, adding that it was too early to predict when the platform could resume production.
Oil refineries.
There were 14 oil refineries in the affected region, and 8 were known to have survived with little flooding.
Emergency shelters.
Several communities accepted thousands of evacuees, or later refugees, from the impact areas, including:
There were other shelters as well.
Recovery.
Response teams from the Texas Rural Water Association moved from their staging area in Mauriceville, Texas the day after landfall. They distributed emergency generators to impacted systems, some as early as eight hours after the loss of water service.

</doc>
<doc id="19313624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313624" title="Valeria Zenkova">
Valeria Zenkova

Valeria Maximovna Zenkova (; born 7 April 1995) is a Russian ice dancer. With partner Valerie Sinitsin, she won five ISU Junior Grand Prix medals, including one gold, and placed fourth at the 2013 World Junior Championships. They are the 2013 Russian junior champions.
Career.
Zenkova and Sinitsin won the bronze medal at the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix in Mexico City and placed 10th at the 2008 Russian Junior Championships. In mid-2011, they changed coaches from Ksenia Rumiantseva and Elena Tchaikovskaia to Alexander Zhulin and Oleg Volkov. They won silver and bronze medals during the 2011–12 ISU Junior Grand Prix season. They then competed at the 2012 Russian Junior Championships and won the bronze medal.
In the 2012–2013 Junior Grand Prix season, Zenkova / Sinitsin won the silver medal in Courchevel, France, and then won their first JGP title in Zagreb, Croatia. They qualified for their first JGP Final in Sochi, Russia and finished 5th. They won the 2013 Russian junior title. They finished 4th at the 2013 World Junior Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19313627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313627" title="Reproductive compensation">
Reproductive compensation

Reproductive compensation was originally a theory to explain why recessive genetic disorders may persist in a population. It was proposed in 1967 as an explanation for the maintenance of Rh negative blood groups. Reproductive compensation refers to the tendency of parents, seeking a given family size, to replace offspring that are lost to genetic disorders. It may also refer to the effects of increased maternal or parental investment in caring for disadvantaged offspring, seeking to compensate for genetic disadvantage. It is a theory that suggests that behavioral as well as physiological factors may play a role in the level of recessive genetic disorders in a population.
According to Andrew Overall of the University of Edinburgh, “Reproductive compensation may be particularly significant where economic or social factors mean that families are small compared to the maximum reproductive rate. Within small families, diseased infants may be more likely to be replaced. As a consequence, parents with otherwise reduced fertility have a greater influence on the frequency of recessive alleles in future generations.” 
Ian Hastings has argued that reproductive technologies such as embryo sex selection, preimplantation genetic diagnosis with in vitro fertilization, and selective termination of pregnancy may increase the frequency of genetic disorders through reproductive compensation.
More recently the reproductive compensation hypothesis has been generalized to include, not only recessive genetic disorders, but in a more general sense, the effects of parental compensation when mate selection or breeding take place under constraints. According to Patricia Adair Gowaty, “The reproductive compensation hypothesis says that individuals constrained by ecological or social forces to reproduce with partners they do not prefer compensate for likely offspring viability deficits.” In human societies, such constraints include the manipulation of female mating options, forced copulation, arranged marriages, and the trading of copulation for access to resources.
Whereas heterozygote advantage can explain the persistence of high carrier rates of lethal alleles in certain regions (e.g. sickle-cell disease in Central and West Africa), Johan Koeslag and Stephen Schach have suggested that reproductive compensation might explain why different communities have high carrier rates for differing lethal alleles, despite living in similar or sometimes the same environment. Examples are Tay–Sachs disease amongst Ashkenazi Jews, cystic fibrosis amongst people of West European origin, and phenylketonuria among persons from Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19313637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313637" title="H37">
H37

H37 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19313648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313648" title="Cebu Hanging Parrot">
Cebu Hanging Parrot

The Cebu Hanging Parrot ("Loriculus philippensis chrysonotus") is a subspecies of the Philippine Hanging Parrot found only on the island of Cebu, the Philippine. This subspecies was generally believed to be extinct until an expedition led by the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (Cebu) claimed to have seen and captured a tiny bird in thick foliage in the remote part of central Cebu. The bird has a distinctive scarlet tail with faint patches of red on its head. The bird measures 14 cm (5.5 in) long with a wingspan of 18 cm (7 in).

</doc>
<doc id="19313659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313659" title="Jesper Hansen (football manager)">
Jesper Hansen (football manager)

Jesper Hansen (born 24 December 1963) is a Danish former football player (goalkeeper) and now manager. He is currently in charge of the youth teams at Brønshøj Boldklub.
As player he played for Holbæk B&I, Jyderup Boldklub, Brøndby IF and Brønshøj Boldklub. He played a total 40 games for Brøndby in all competitions. Hansen played one game for the Denmark national under-21 football team in November 1983.
He has formerly managed Brønshøj Boldklub, Holbæk B&I, Herfølge Boldklub, Hellerup IK, Lolland-Falster Alliancen. and Greve Fodbold

</doc>
<doc id="19313665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313665" title="Presidency division">
Presidency division

Presidency Division (, "Presidency Bibhāg") is an administrative division within the Indian state of Paschimbanga (West Bengal). The headquarter and the largest city of the Presidency division is Kolkata, the state capital. 
It consists of 6 districts:

</doc>
<doc id="19313687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313687" title="High School Musical Hits Remixed">
High School Musical Hits Remixed

High School Musical Hits Remixed is an album released on December 11, 2007 exclusively to Wal-Mart. It features remixes of various songs from both "High School Musical" and "High School Musical 2". It is similar to "".

</doc>
<doc id="19313690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313690" title="Maia Shibutani">
Maia Shibutani

Maia Harumi Shibutani (born July 20, 1994) is an American ice dancer. With her brother Alex Shibutani, she is the 2011 World bronze medalist, 2011 Four Continents silver medalist, 2011 NHK Trophy champion, 2009 World Junior silver medalist, and a four-time U.S. national medalist. She was named to the 2014 U.S. Olympic Figure Skating Team.
Personal life.
Maia Shibutani was born to Chris and Naomi Shibutani, who met as Harvard musicians. She lived in Colorado Springs from 2005 through 2007. She moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan in 2007.
Maia Shibutani was originally home-schooled. She graduated from Huron High School in Ann Arbor in 2012. She entered the University of Michigan in the fall of 2012.
Career.
Early career.
Maia Shibutani began skating at age four. She originally trained as a single skater and tested up to the juvenile level in singles. In March 2003, she and her family attended the World Championships in Washington D.C. Her brother said, "We were seated close to the ice in the second row, and when the ice dancers came out for their warm up, we could actually feel a gust of wind as the skaters flew by. We were so impressed with the artistry, skating quality, and speed of the top teams that we decided to give it a try."
Maia and Alex Shibutani teamed up to compete in ice dancing in the spring of 2004. Their singles coach, Kathy Bird, arranged for them to work with their first dancing coaches Andy Stroukoff and Susie Kelley. The Shibutanis also worked with Mary Marchiselli. During their juvenile season, their programs were choreographed by Josh Babb.
During the 2004–2005 season, their first season of competition, they competed on the juvenile level, which is the lowest competitive level in the U.S. Figure Skating testing structure. They competed at the 2005 North Atlantic Regional Championships, the qualifying competition for the U.S. Junior Championships, and won the competition. The win qualified them for the 2005 U.S. Junior Championships. At that competition, they placed second in the first compulsory dance, fourth in the second compulsory dance, and third in the free dance. They won the silver medal overall.
After moving up to the Intermediate level following the 2004–2005 season and performing well at the non-qualifying competitions, the Shibutanis went to Colorado Springs, Colorado to work with choreographer Tom Dickson. During that off-season, they were being coached by Judy Blumberg on the east coast. After doing better than expected at the Lake Placid Ice Dance Competition in the summer of 2005, the Shibutanis decided to move coaching centers to a better training environment and so moved to train in Colorado Springs under head coach Patti Gottwein. During that time, they also worked with Rich Griffin, Damon Allen and Eric Schulz.
In the 2005–2006 season, they moved up to the Intermediate level. The Shibutanis won the Southwestern Regional Championships, their qualifying competition for the 2006 U.S Junior Championships. At the 2006 U.S. Junior Championships, they placed second in the first compulsory dance and then won the second compulsory and free dances to win the title overall. They worked as guest bloggers and aides for the media staff for U.S. Figure Skating at the 2006 U.S. Championships, and again at the 2006 Four Continents, which were held in Colorado Springs.
In the 2006–2007 season, they moved up to the novice level, which is the first and lowest of three levels that compete at the U.S. Championships. At the 2007 Midwestern Sectional Championships, their qualifying competition for the national championships, the Shibutanis competed under the ISU Judging System for the first time. They placed second in the first compulsory dance and then won the second compulsory and the free dances to win the competition overall and qualify for the 2007 U.S. Championships. At Nationals, the Shibutanis placed second in both compulsory dances and then won the free dance to win the novice gold medal by a margin of victory of 2.06 points ahead of silver medalists Sara Bailey & Kyle Herring. This was their second consecutive national title.
Following the 2007 U.S. Championships, the Shibutanis changed coaches to Igor Shpilband and Marina Zueva in Canton, Michigan. One factor in the decision to change coaches was the issue of university for Alex Shibutani, who at the time of the coaching change, had two years left of high school and was considering his university options.
Junior career.
In the 2007–2008 season, the Shibutanis moved up to the junior level nationally. However, they were unable to compete internationally on the junior level because Maia was not yet old enough. At the 2008 Midwestern Sectionals, the Shibutanis placed fourth in the compulsory dance and then third in the original and free dances to win the bronze medal overall. This medal qualified them for the 2008 U.S. Championships. At Nationals, they placed 7th in the compulsory dance, 2nd in the original dance, and 4th in the free dance. They placed 4th overall, winning the pewter medal.
In the 2008–2009 season, Maia became age-eligible for the international junior circuit. The Shibutanis made their junior international debut on the ISU Junior Grand Prix. At their first event, the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Courchevel, France, they placed second in the compulsory dance and then won the original and free dances to win the gold medal overall by a margin of victory of 11.00 points over silver medalists Kharis Ralph and Asher Hill. They were then assigned to their second event, the event in Madrid, Spain. At this event, they placed second in all three segments of the competition and won the silver medal, placing 4.24 points behind champions Ekaterina Riazanova and Jonathan Guerreiro. These two medals qualified them for the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final, for which they were the third-ranked qualifiers. Qualifying for the event had also qualified them for the 2009 U.S. Championships.
The Junior Grand Prix Final was being held concurrently with the senior final for the first time and so did not have a compulsory dance segment. The Shibutanis placed 7th in the original dance, 4.79 points behind original dance leaders Madison Chock & Greg Zuerlein. The Shibutanis placed 3rd in the free dance. They placed 4th overall.
The Shibutanis went on to the 2009 U.S. Championships, where they competed on the junior level for the second consecutive year. At the event, the Shibutanis placed second in the compulsory dance, the original dance, and the free dance. They won the silver medal, placing 6.78 points behind Chock and Zuerlein. This was their fifth consecutive medal at a national-level competition. Following the competition, the Shibutanis were named to the team to the 2009 World Junior Championships.
At Junior Worlds, the Shibutanis placed 5th in the compulsory dance, 4th in the original dance, and 2nd in the free dance. They won the silver medal, placing 10.40 points behind Chock and Zuerlein.
In the 2009–2010 season, the Shibutanis won both their junior Grand Prix events and won the bronze medal at the Junior Grand Prix Final. They again skated at the junior level at US Nationals, which they won. At 2010 Junior Worlds, they finished off the podium in fourth place. This was their final junior event.
Senior career.
2010–2011 season.
In the 2010–2011 season, the Shibutanis moved to the senior level. They finished fifth at the 2010 Nebelhorn Trophy, moving up from eighth after the short dance with a strong free dance showing. They won the bronze medal at both the 2010 NHK Trophy and the 2010 Skate America, making them the first dance team to medal at both Grand Prix events in its first senior season. They were the first alternates for the Grand Prix final.
The Shibutanis finished second at U.S. Nationals and were chosen to compete at the Four Continents and World Championships. They won the silver medal at Four Continents. At the World Championships, they were in fourth after the short dance, 4.09 points behind third-placed Nathalie Péchalat / Fabian Bourzat. In the free dance, they scored 4.34 ahead of Pechalat and Bourzat, both of whom had fallen. The Shibutanis finished third overall by 0.25 points and won a bronze in their World Championships debut, a feat not even Virtue and Moir, the current Olympic Champions had accomplished.
2011–2012 season.
The Shibutanis started their 2011–2012 season with a silver medal at the 2011 Finlandia Trophy.
For the Grand Prix season, the Shibutanis were assigned to the 2011 Cup of China and 2011 NHK Trophy. They placed 2nd at the Cup of China. A week later they placed 1st at the NHK Trophy, edging Kaitlyn Weaver and Andrew Poje for gold by .09 points. It was the Shibutanis' first senior Grand Prix title. Their combined results qualified them for the Grand Prix Final.
The Shibutanis finished 4th at the 2012 Four Continents and 8th at the 2012 World Championships.
Invited by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the Shibutanis attended a dinner in honor of Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda on May 1, 2012 in Washington, D.C.
Following Igor Shpilband's dismissal from the Arctic Edge Arena in June 2012, the Shibutanis decided to remain at the rink with Marina Zoueva and ended their collaboration with Shpilband.
2012–2013 season.
The Shibutanis started their season at the 2012 Rostelecom Cup where they were third in the short dance. They paused their free dance for half a minute due to Alex pulling a muscle in his thigh. They were allowed to continue from the point of interruption and finished 4th overall behind Russian ice dancers Victoria Sinitsina / Ruslan Zhiganshin. They won the bronze medal at their next event, the 2012 NHK Trophy. The Shibutanis also took bronze at the 2013 U.S. Championships. They then competed at the 2013 Four Continents and finished 4th behind Madison Chock / Evan Bates.
2013–2014 season.
The Shibutanis won the bronze medal at the 2014 U.S. Championships and were named in the U.S. team to the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19313692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313692" title="Communauté de communes de la Petite Creuse">
Communauté de communes de la Petite Creuse

The communauté de communes de la Petite Creuse was created on December 26, 2002 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France.
Participants.
The communauté comprises the following 9 communes:
Policies and objectives.
The Community of communes aims to involve and unite the local communes with a view to establishing joint development projects and the development of space. 
It aims to exercise its powers in the interest of the community in: Spatial planning, economic development, tourism, housing and the protection and enhancement of the environment as well as local roads, sport and culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19313699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313699" title="Jalpaiguri division">
Jalpaiguri division

Jalpaiguri Division is a division in the Indian state of West Bengal. It consists of 6 districts:

</doc>
<doc id="19313702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313702" title="Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise">
Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise

A Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise (WFOE, sometimes incorrectly WOFE) is a common investment vehicle for mainland China-based business wherein foreign parties (individuals or corporate entities) can incorporate a foreign-owned limited liability company. The unique feature of a WFOE is that involvement of a mainland Chinese investor is not required, unlike most other investment vehicles (most notably, a sino-foreign joint venture).
Description.
WFOEs are limited-liability corporations organized by foreign nationals and capitalized with foreign funds. This can give greater control over the business venture in mainland China and avoid a multitude of problematic issues which can potentially result from dealing with a domestic joint venture partner. Such problems often include profit not being maximized, leakage of the foreign firm's intellectual property and the potential for joint venture partners to set up in competition against the foreign firm after siphoning off knowledge and expertise.
WFOEs are often used to produce the foreign firm's product in mainland China for later export to a foreign country, sometimes through the use of Special Economic Zones which allow the importation of components duty-free into China, to then be added to Chinese-made components and the finished product then re-exported. An additional advantage with this model is the ability to claim back VAT on the Chinese manufactured component parts upon export. In addition, WFOEs now have the right to distribute their products in mainland China via both wholesale and retail channels.
Another recent variant (the Foreign Invested Commercial Enterprise FICE) of the WFOE has also come into effect, and are used mainly for trading and buying and selling in China. The registered capital requirements for a FICE are lower than for a WFOE as the FICE does not need to fund plant and machinery acquisitions.
Advantages.
WFOEs are among the most popular corporate models for non-PRC investors due to their versatility and structural advantages of a Representative Office or Joint Venture.
Such advantages include:
Disadvantages.
The disadvantages of establishing a WFOE include the inability to engage in certain restricted business activities, limited access to government support and a potentially steep learning curve upon entering the mainland Chinese market. As a WFOE is a type of limited liability company, it requires the injection of foreign funds to make-up theregistered capital; something unnecessary with a Representative Office. It is important to note that regional differences in regulations and practical differences in the application of Chinese legislation can also apply.

</doc>
<doc id="19313704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313704" title="Jerome Weber">
Jerome Weber

Jerome Weber OSB (September 14, 1915 – September 4, 2008) was a Canadian abbot of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Weber was born in Muenster, Saskatchewan, Canada in 1915 and ordained a priest on June 8, 1941 in the Order of Saint Benedict. He was elected abbot of St. Peter-Muenster on April 6, 1960 and the election was confirmed on June 28, 1960. Abbot Jerome Weber retired from St. Peter-Muenster on June 15, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19313714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313714" title="Republican Union (French Somaliland)">
Republican Union (French Somaliland)

Republican Union () was a political party in French Somaliland.
History.
The Republic Union was founded by Mahamoud Harbi Farah, a member of the French National Assembly. The party contested the 1957 territorial assembly election. The party won 61% of the votes in the territory. The party obtained 30 seats in the assembly. After the election Harbi became vice-president of the governing council of the territory. At the time, the party was allied to the African Democratic Rally. The party advocated the unification of all Somali-speaking areas into one state.
Harbi and the Republican Union supported full independence in the 1958 referendum. After the referendum had been held (resulting in a defeat for the pro-independentists), pro-French leader Hassan Gouled called for fresh elections to the territorial assembly. Harbi's government was deposed in a no confidence vote and the assembly was dissolved by the French governor Meker.
The Republican Union mobilized protests against the dissolution of the territorial assembly. The protests turned violent; riots erupted and several persons died. The party was illegalized, and the party leaders were jailed. Harbi also disappeared from the local political scene, having been exiled to Cairo by the French authorities in 1958. He died in a plane crash two years later under mysterious circumstances.
In December 1958, five imprisoned Republican Union leaders were released. The party continued to operate illegally. It had good contacts with the Greater Somalia League.
In 1963, former followers of Harbi founded the "Front de Libération de la Côte des Somalis".

</doc>
<doc id="19313720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313720" title="Alex Shibutani">
Alex Shibutani

Alex Hideo Shibutani (born April 25, 1991) is an American ice dancer. With his sister Maia Shibutani, he is the 2011 World bronze medalist, 2011 Four Continents silver medalist, 2011 NHK Trophy champion, 2009 World Junior silver medalist, and a four-time U.S. national medalist. He was named to the 2014 U.S. Olympic Figure Skating Team.
Personal life.
Alex Shibutani was born to Chris and Naomi Shibutani, who met as Harvard musicians. Alex attended the prestigious Brunswick School in Greenwich, Connecticut, during the late 90s before relocating to Colorado Springs from 2005 through 2007 then Ann Arbor, Michigan in 2007.
While in Colorado Springs, Alex Shibutani attended Cheyenne Mountain High School and finished his sophomore year there. He completed his junior and senior years of high school at Huron High School and entered the University of Michigan in the fall semester of 2009.
Career.
Early career.
Alex Shibutani began skating at age seven. He originally trained as a single skater and competed up to the juvenile level in singles. In March 2003, he and his family attended the World Championships in Washington D.C. He said, "We were seated close to the ice in the second row, and when the ice dancers came out for their warm up, we could actually feel a gust of wind as the skaters flew by. We were so impressed with the artistry, skating quality, and speed of the top teams that we decided to give it a try."
Maia and Alex Shibutani teamed up to compete in ice dancing in the spring of 2004. Their singles coach, Kathy Bird, arranged for them to work with their first dancing coaches Andy Stroukoff and Susie Kelley. The Shibutanis also worked with Mary Marchiselli. During their juvenile season, their programs were choreographed by Josh Babb.
During the 2004–2005 season, their first season of competition, they competed on the juvenile level, which is the lowest competitive level in the U.S. Figure Skating testing structure. During that season, Alex Shibutani represented the Hickory Hill Figure Skating Club in competition. They competed at the 2005 North Atlantic Regional Championships, the qualifying competition for the U.S. Junior Championships, and won the competition. The win qualified them for the 2005 U.S. Junior Championships. At that competition, they placed second in the first compulsory dance, fourth in the second compulsory dance, and third in the free dance. They won the silver medal overall.
After moving up to the Intermediate level following the 2004–2005 season and performing well at the non-qualifying competitions, the Shibutanis went to Colorado Springs, Colorado to work with choreographer Tom Dickson. During that off-season, they were being coached by Judy Blumberg on the east coast. After doing better than expected at the Lake Placid Ice Dance Competition in the summer of 2005, the Shibutanis decided to move coaching centers to a better training environment and so moved to train in Colorado Springs under head coach Patti Gottwein. During that time, they also worked with Rich Griffin, Damon Allen and Eric Schulz.
In the 2005–2006 season, they moved up to the Intermediate level. Alex Shibutani changed his club representation to the Broadmoor Skating Club, where he and his sister trained. The Shibutanis won the Southwestern Regional Championships, their qualifying competition for the 2006 U.S Junior Championships. At the 2006 U.S. Junior Championships, they placed second in the first compulsory dance and then won the second compulsory and free dances to win the title overall. They worked as guest bloggers and aides for the media staff for U.S. Figure Skating at the 2006 U.S. Championships, and again at the 2006 Four Continents, which were held in Colorado Springs.
In the 2006–2007 season, they moved up to the novice level, which is the first and lowest of three levels that compete at the U.S. Championships. At the 2007 Midwestern Sectional Championships, their qualifying competition for the national championships, the Shibutanis competed under the ISU Judging System for the first time. They placed second in the first compulsory dance and then won the second compulsory and the free dances to win the competition overall and qualify for the 2007 U.S. Championships. At Nationals, the Shibutanis placed second in both compulsory dances and then won the free dance to win the novice gold medal by a margin of victory of 2.06 points ahead of silver medalists Sara Bailey & Kyle Herring. This was their second consecutive national title.
Following the 2007 U.S. Championships, the Shibutanis changed coaches to Igor Shpilband and Marina Zueva in Canton, Michigan. One factor in the decision to change coaches was the issue of university for Alex Shibutani, who at the time of the coaching change, had two years left of high school and was considering his university options.
Junior career.
In the 2007–2008 season, the Shibutanis moved up to the junior level nationally. However, they were unable to compete internationally on the junior level because Maia was not yet old enough. At the 2008 Midwestern Sectionals, the Shibutanis placed fourth in the compulsory dance and then third in the original and free dances to win the bronze medal overall. This medal qualified them for the 2008 U.S. Championships. At Nationals, they placed 7th in the compulsory dance, 2nd in the original dance, and 4th in the free dance. They placed 4th overall, winning the pewter medal.
In the 2008–2009 season, Maia became age-eligible for the international junior circuit. Alex Shibutani changed his club representation from the Broadmoor to the Arctic Figure Skating Club, where he and Maia trained. The Shibutanis made their junior international debut on the ISU Junior Grand Prix. At their first event, the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Courchevel, France, they placed second in the compulsory dance and then won the original and free dances to win the gold medal overall by a margin of victory of 11.00 points over silver medalists Kharis Ralph and Asher Hill. They were then assigned to their second event, the event in Madrid, Spain. At this event, they placed second in all three segments of the competition and won the silver medal, placing 4.24 points behind champions Ekaterina Riazanova and Jonathan Guerreiro. These two medals qualified them for the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final, for which they were the third-ranked qualifiers. Qualifying for the event had also qualified them for the 2009 U.S. Championships.
The Junior Grand Prix Final was being held concurrently with the senior final for the first time and so did not have a compulsory dance segment. The Shibutanis placed 7th in the original dance, 4.79 points behind original dance leaders Madison Chock & Greg Zuerlein. The Shibutanis placed 3rd in the free dance. They placed 4th overall.
The Shibutanis went on to the 2009 U.S. Championships, where they competed on the junior level for the second consecutive year. At the U.S. Championships, the Shibutanis placed second in the compulsory dance, the original dance, and the free dance. They won the silver medal, placing 6.78 points behind Chock and Zuerlein. This was their fifth consecutive medal at a national-level competition. Following the competition, the Shibutanis were named to the team to the 2009 World Junior Championships.
At Junior Worlds, the Shibutanis placed 5th in the compulsory dance, 4th in the original dance, and 2nd in the free dance. They won the silver medal, placing 10.40 points behind Chock and Zuerlein.
In the 2009–2010 season, the Shibutanis won both their junior Grand Prix events and won the bronze medal at the Junior Grand Prix Final. They again skated at the junior level at US Nationals, which they won. At 2010 Junior Worlds, they finished off the podium in fourth place. This was their final junior event.
Senior career.
2010–2011 season.
In the 2010–2011 season, the Shibutanis moved to the senior level. They finished fifth at the 2010 Nebelhorn Trophy, moving up from eighth after the short dance with a strong free dance showing. They won the bronze medal at both the 2010 NHK Trophy and the 2010 Skate America, making them the first dance team to medal at both Grand Prix events in its first senior season. They were the first alternates for the Grand Prix final.
The Shibutanis finished second at U.S. Nationals and were chosen to compete at the Four Continents and World Championships. They won the silver medal at Four Continents. At the World Championships, they were in fourth after the short dance, 4.09 points behind third-placed Nathalie Péchalat / Fabian Bourzat. In the free dance, they scored 4.34 ahead of Pechalat and Bourzat, both of whom had fallen. The Shibutanis finished third overall by 0.25 points and won a bronze in their World Championships debut, a feat not even Virtue and Moir, the current Olympic Champions had accomplished.
2011–2012 season.
The Shibutanis started their 2011–2012 season with a silver medal at the 2011 Finlandia Trophy.
For the Grand Prix season, the Shibutanis were assigned to the 2011 Cup of China and 2011 NHK Trophy. They placed 2nd at the Cup of China. A week later they placed 1st at the NHK Trophy, edging Kaitlyn Weaver and Andrew Poje for gold by .09 points. It was the Shibutanis' first senior Grand Prix title. Their combined results qualified them for the Grand Prix Final.
The Shibutanis finished 4th at the 2012 Four Continents and 8th at the 2012 World Championships.
Invited by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the Shibutanis attended a dinner in honor of Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda on May 1, 2012 in Washington, D.C.
Following Igor Shpilband's dismissal from the Arctic Edge Arena in June 2012, the Shibutanis decided to remain at the rink with Marina Zoueva and ended their collaboration with Shpilband.
2012–2013 season.
The Shibutanis started their season at the 2012 Rostelecom Cup where they were third in the short dance. They paused their free dance for half a minute due to Alex pulling a muscle in his thigh. They were allowed to continue from the point of interruption and finished 4th overall behind Russian ice dancers Victoria Sinitsina / Ruslan Zhiganshin. They won the bronze medal at their next event, the 2012 NHK Trophy. The Shibutanis also took bronze at the 2013 U.S. Championships. They then competed at the 2013 Four Continents and finished 4th behind Madison Chock / Evan Bates.
2013–2014 season.
The Shibutanis won the bronze medal at the 2014 U.S. Championships and were named in the U.S. team to the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19313721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313721" title="Filipino proverbs">
Filipino proverbs

Filipino proverbs or Philippine proverbs are traditional sayings or maxims used by Filipinos based on local culture, wisdom, and philosophies from Filipino life. The word "proverb" corresponds to the Tagalog words "salawikain", "kasabihan" (saying) and "sawikain" (although the latter may also refer to mottos or idioms), and to the Ilocano word "sarsarita". Proverbs originating from the Philippines are described as forceful and poetic expressions and basic forms of euphemisms. If used in everyday conversations, proverbs are utilized to emphasize a point or a thought of reasoning: the Filipino philosophy. One notable and locally popular example of a Filipino proverb is this: "A person who does not remember where he (she) came from will never reach his (her) destination". Of Tagalog origin, it conveys and urges one person to give "importance in looking back at one’s roots and origins." The maxim also exemplifies a Filipino value known as the ""utang na loob"", one’s "debt of gratitude" to the persons who have contributed to an individual’s success. 
Damiana L. Eugenio, a professor from the University of the Philippines, author of "Philippine Proverb Lore" (1975), and who is also referred to as the "Mother of Philippine Folklore" grouped Filipino proverbs into six categories based on the topic expressed, namely: ethical proverbs (those that express a general attitude towards life and the laws that govern life itself), proverbs that recommend virtues and condemn vices, proverbs that express a system of values, proverbs that express general truths and observations about life and human nature, humorous proverbs, and miscellaneous proverbs.
Usage.
Philippine proverbs are further illustrated to be ornaments to language, words of ancestors handed down from one generation to another, and as wisdom gained from experience, which can be quoted to express a sentiment, a statement, or an opinion. Apart from this, Filipino proverbs are also used to prevent offending other individuals. This is one example of such a proverb: "Bato-bato sa langit, 'pag tinamaan huwag magagalit", meaning "a stone thrown heavenward, if you get hit on its way down, don't get mad." Equipped with the appropriate and timely proverb, a Filipino can communicate empathy, and might be able to convince another person leading to the closure of an argument. Some Filipino proverbs are also intended to provide a warning, a lecture, an advice, and as a supporting statement for a particular viewpoint or issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19313728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313728" title="ZFKI-FM">
ZFKI-FM

ICCI-FM (101.1 FM) is a non-commercial radio station in the Cayman Islands in the British West Indies. The station is owned by the International College of the Cayman Islands and broadcasts from Newlands on Grand Cayman. It airs a College radio format blending music and news. ICCI-FM serves as a training workshop for broadcasting students of the college. Talk programming includes locally produced shows recorded in both English and Spanish.
ICCI-FM was the first radio station to broadcast from within the Cayman Islands and remains the oldest continuously broadcasting radio station in the Cayman Islands. As the first licensed radio station in the Cayman Islands it began broadcasting in May 1973. The station's latest license was issued on 11 December 2003.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19313730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313730" title="Taoyuan Station">
Taoyuan Station

Taoyuan Station () is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line, located in Taoyuan City, Taoyuan County, Taiwan. It is also the terminal station of the Linkou Branch Line, and is planned to be a junction station on the future Taoyuan MRT.
Structure.
There are one island platform and two side platforms. The side platform of Linkou Line is outside the station owing to free service.
Service.
All classes of trains stop at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="19313741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313741" title="Paul Fischli">
Paul Fischli

Paul Fischli (born 6 May 1945, in Glarus) is a Swiss former football player and manager. He played as a defender throughout the 1960s, 1970s and early 1980s.
Career.
As a sixteen-year-old, Paul Fischli played his debut in the FC Glarus first team in the third amateur division. The team were promoted to the 2. Liga at the end of the season. Fischli started playing semi-professionally in 1965 with FC Young Fellows Zürich in the Nationalliga B (later renamed Challenge League). Young Fellows were promoted at the end of the season to the Nationalliga A (later renamed Swiss Super League). Fischli played for Young Fellows for three years, but the team was relegated at the end of the 1967–68 season and the club sold the entire team.
Fischli signed for FC Basel in August 1968. He became an integral part of the Basel team alongside the likes of René Hasler, Ottmar Hitzfeld and Karl Odermatt and went on to win five League titles and two Swiss Cups between 1968 and 1979. During his entire period in Basel, Fischli was never a fully professional soccer player; he worked for a sports firm.
In the summer of 1979 he joined FC Münchenstein in the third amateur league as player-manager. At the end of the season FC Münchenstein were promoted to the 2. Liga. In the two years under Fischli the team had a club record unbeaten run of 45 games.
Fischli joined FC Aarau in 1981 and retired as player in 1982, aged 37. He remained at the club as first team manager for a short while.
Honours.
Basel
Aarau

</doc>
<doc id="19313743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313743" title="Down Under Fan Fund">
Down Under Fan Fund

The Down Under Fan Fund, also known as "DUFF", was created in 1970 for the purpose of providing funds to bring well-known and popular members of science fiction fandom familiar to fans on both sides of the Pacific ocean.
History.
DUFF was created by John Foyster in 1970 as a means of increasing the face-to-face communication between science fiction fans in Australia and New Zealand, and North America. It coincides with the push within Australian fandom to host the World Science Fiction Convention in Australia in 1975, (Aussiecon), and the rise of fanzine fandom centred around Melbourne, Australia; e.g. "Australian SF Review", "SF Commentary", "ANZAPA". He based the procedures of DUFF on the already-existing TAFF (Trans-Atlantic Fan Fund), which began in 1952.
Funding.
DUFF is funded through the support of fandom. Candidates are voted on by interested fans all over the world, and each vote is accompanied by a donation of not less than $US5 or A$6. These donations, and the continued generosity of fandom, are what make the whole concept of these fan funds possible.
In addition to donations, fans hold auctions at science fiction conventions to raise money for DUFF. Frequently art, books, t-shirts, and other ephemera of fandom are auctioned off for this purpose.
Procedure.
Each candidate posts a bond, promising to travel (if elected) to a major convention on the other side of the Pacific; and has provided signed nominations and a platform.
Voting is by secret ballot, using instant-runoff voting; and is open to anyone who has been active in fandom for the prior year or more and who contributes to the Fund. Ballots are signed, to prevent ballot-box stuffing and to enable the election administrators to identify each voter as a known member of fandom.
Although the winner is expected to attend Worldcon or a specific national convention, DUFF delegates generally also tour the country before and/or after the convention in order to meet a variety of fans.
Winning DUFF candidates are expected to write a trip report, which customarily takes the form of a fanzine or a series of fanzine articles. These fanzines are sometimes sold in order to help raise funds towards future DUFF trips. In addition, winners take over the administration of the fund for their region (Australia/NZ or North America) for two years until the next regional DUFF delegate is selected. At any given time, there are at least two administrators, one for each region.
List of DUFF winners.
Past DUFF winners by year. 
Westbound races (ex-USA) are marked « and eastbound (ex-Australasia) ».

</doc>
<doc id="19313745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313745" title="Gábor Tompa">
Gábor Tompa

Gábor Tompa is a Romanian theater director and teacher, born in Târgu Mureş on 8 August 1957. Since 2007 he has been Head of Directing at the Theatre and Dance Department of the University of California, San Diego. He is the general and artistic director of the Hungarian Theatre of Cluj since 1990, the theatre is member of the Union of the Theatres of Europe (UTE) since 2008.
Professional career.
He graduated in stage and film directing at the I.L. Caragiale Theatre and Film Academy in Bucharest in 1981 as a student of Liviu Ciulei, Mihai Dimiu, Cătălina Buzoianu, founders of the world-famous Romanian school of stage directing. Since 1981 Tompa has directed plays at the Cluj-Napoca Hungarian Theatre in Cluj-Napoca. In 1987 he became the artistic director of the theatre, after the Romanian Revolution of 1989 he became the managing director of the theatre as well. He has staged more the 80 plays and produced other 80 in the United Kingdom,France, Germany,Spain,Austria,Serbia,Czech Republic,Canada,South Korea and the U.S. in addition to Romania and Hungary - in English, French, German, Romanian, Hungarian,Catalan and other languages.
His feature film, "Chinese Defense" (1999), a Hungarian-Romanian-French coproduction has been presented at the Festivals of Berlin, Karlovy Vary, São Paulo, Trieste, Istanbul, Budapest, Soci and has been awarded the Best First Feature in Salerno,Italy.
Since 1989 he has been professor at the Szentgyörgyi István Theatre Academy in Târgu Mureş. He founded the Faculty of Dramatic Art in Cluj and has run its directing programme since 1991. From 1990–1995 he was head of directing at the Theatre Academy in Târgu Mureş; in 1991 he founded the Theatre and Drama Faculty in Cluj-Napoca. In 2005 he directed the M.A. program at Brunel University, London, UK. He has taught classes and workshops for actors and directors in Spain, the UK, Germany and France.From 2007 he serves as Head of Directing at the Theatre and Dance Department of the University of California, San Diego. 
From March 2006 to April 2008 (when the Hungarian Theatre of Cluj joined the UTE), he was an individual member of the Union of the Theatres of Europe.
Movies.
Shorts: 
Features: 
Awards.
- Nominated for Best Performance Award, 2011 (Leonce and Lena)
- Nominated to the Best Performance Award, 2005 (Waiting for Godot)
- Nominated to the Best Performance Award, 2003 (Jacques or the Obedience)
- Award for Excellence – 2002
- Best Director of the Year in Romania (1984–ATM, 1987–ATM, 1993, 1997 and 2008)
- Best Performance of the Year (1989, 1992, 2008)
- Best Director
- Best Performance
External links.
http://press.sac.or.kr/_press/000-2013/20131103%20Play_Dantons%20Tod/1102%20Dantons%20Tod/1102%20Dantons-2.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19313746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313746" title="Dragon Falls">
Dragon Falls

Dragon Falls is a log flume ride at the theme park Chessington World of Adventures Resort in Chessington, London, England. Designed by John Wardley and opened in 1987, it is located in the Mystic East area of the park. The ride was refurbished for the 2013 season and was to have new scenery installed for 2014, however this was later postponed.
History.
The ride was named "Dragon River" upon opening in 1987, and was changed to "Dragon Falls" for the 1999 season. The ride was manufactured by Mack Rides. The ride is currently sponsored by Juicy Drop Pop with the slogan "Dare to soak with Juicy Drop Pop."
Description.
Path.
It is a water ride and features two drops, one that leads into the mouth of a dragon and another, taller one between two large 'stone' faces designed to resemble Angkor Wat. The ride's station is modelled after a pagoda and is decorated extensively inside. Although regarded as a 'log flume', the boats are not themed as logs (as in Loggers Leap at nearby Thorpe Park), but rather as nondescript wooden boats with inline seating. The ride starts off by traveling out of the loading station and down a peaceful stream, passing bridges and points where the water is rough. Then you travel up a lift hill and down the first drop, which is small, yet has quite a splashdown and into a dragon's mouth. The inside is un-themed, and after traveling along it, you come out into the open, round a lake and then climb up to the top of the lift hill, where you can see over the park. You then splashdown but before you get in to the station an elephant squirts you with water, getting you very wet. Then you travel back into the loading station.
Themes.
The ride is themed extensively through the land, and features a giant fibreglass Buddha, based on the Great Buddha of Kōtoku-in (according to a plaque placed alongside it in the park), amongst other objects.
In 2013 most of the theming for the ride has been removed due to the £5m upgrade Chessington is receiving, it will receive new theming in 2014. Chessington have created a competition which involves you drawing your vision of the ride in 2014 and you could see your vision come to life.
Height requirements.
The ride opened in 1987 and has a height requirement of 1.2m to ride (anyone less than 1.3 metres in height must be accompanied by a person aged 16 or over). This was updated early in the 2011 season from the previous 0.9m restriction with Chessington citing this was as part of a regular review process.

</doc>
<doc id="19313749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313749" title="Mountains (Steamhammer album)">
Mountains (Steamhammer album)

Mountains was the third album of the British blues-rock band Steamhammer.
In summer 1970, Steamhammer recorded this album as a quartet, Kieran White (vocals, guitar, harmonica), Martin Pugh (guitar), Steve Davy (bass) and Mick Bradley (drums). These four musicians worked together as a team to provide a selection of high-quality white urban blues.
The live track, "Riding On The L&N", is one of the highlights of the "Mountains" album, which contains blues numbers combined with rock music.
With the release of this album, Steamhammer began to be more noticed by the rock world.
Track listing (original release).
All songs written by Kieran White, except as indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19313753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313753" title="Justas Sinica">
Justas Sinica

Justas or Justinas Sinica is a Lithuanian professional basketball player, currently playing for BC Neptūnas.

</doc>
<doc id="19313756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313756" title="Kässbohrer">
Kässbohrer

Kässbohrer Fahrzeugwerke was a German vehicle manufacturer in Ulm. Its products were buses, coaches, vehicle transporters, trailers and special vehicles like snow groomer vehicles.
In 1893, Karl Kässbohrer founded the Wagenfabrik Kässbohrer in Ulm. In 1922, Kässbohrer developed a trailer for goods transport, having solid rubber wheels. When Karl Kässbohrer senior died, his sons, Karl junior and Otto Kässbohrer, took over the company. In 1969, Kässbohrer was Germany's biggest coach and truck trailer producer. Kässbohrer's coaches and buses were named Setra. The snow-grooming vehicles were called PistenBully and 2,000 were sold between 1979 and 1989. At the end of the 1990s, about 9,000 employees worked for Kässbohrer.
Starting in 1993, the company began to fall apart. The division's truck bodies, semi-trailers and trailers were sold to the competitor Kögel. In 1994, the snow groomer vehicles division was spun off to Kässbohrer Geländefahrzeug (all-terrain vehicle) GmbH, based in Laupheim, which also produces beach cleaners. In the end, Mercedes-Benz bought the bus and coach division in 1995 and the new name EvoBus was introduced. The only division which is still family owned is Kässbohrer Transport Technik in Salzburg, Austria, where vehicle transporters are built.
Since 2002, Kässbohrer Fahrzeugwerke GmbH continues to produce semi-trailers at various production sites in Germany, Turkey and Russia.
A great number of Kässbohrer Setra coaches and buses are still in service on European roads, sometimes having a mileage of more than a million kilometers.

</doc>
<doc id="19313757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313757" title="Ignacio Gil">
Ignacio Gil

Ignacio Gil Lázaro (Valencia, Spain, 23 September 1957) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).
Married with four children, Gil qualified in law. He entered politics in 1980 when he joined the Popular Alliance, the forerunners of the PP. Two years later he was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia region. He represented the area from 1982 until 1989 when he served one term in the Spanish Senate for the same province. He returned to the lower chamber at the 1993 election.
In one of his first votes in the 2008 legislature, he mistakenly voted for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) candidate for Prime Minister, José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero, a mistake that was subsequently corrected. [http://www.levante-emv.com/secciones/noticia.jsp?pRef=2008041000_6_430990__Espana-valenciana-equivoco-votar-Lazaro-tuvo-corregirla]

</doc>
<doc id="19313776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313776" title="Blanik (vault)">
Blanik (vault)

Blanik is the name of a techique in vault in artistic gymnastics, a double front handspring vault in piked position in, followed by a double back Tsukahara. The piked performance of the technique has rating 10.0 in the Code of Points. The vault was first performed by the Polish gymnast Leszek Blanik, and is named after him. Leszek Blanik was the world champion in vault 2007, and Olympic champion in vault in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19313778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313778" title="M6 motorway (Ireland)">
M6 motorway (Ireland)

The M6 motorway () is a motorway in Ireland, which runs (together with the M4) from Dublin to Galway. The M6 extends from its junction with the M4 at Kinnegad all the way west to the outskirts of Galway City, but the Athlone bypass and the approach to Galway city - while of dual carriageway standard - have not been designated motorway and are still signed as N6. The motorway was officially completed and opened to traffic on 18 December 2009, and was the first city-to-city direct major inter-urban route to be completed in Ireland. The M6 and M4, which form the Galway-Dublin route, consist of a grade-separated 2+2 dual carriageway road with a top speed limit of 120 km/h. At approximately 144 km (90 mi), the M6 is the third longest motorway in the state.
Route.
Near Kinnegad, the M6 motorway diverges from the M4 at a restricted access junction. From here it proceeds westward, passing through counties Westmeath, Offaly, Roscommon and Galway before terminating just east of Galway City near Doughiska.
History.
The present-day M6 was constructed in five stages between 2005 and late 2009. Some of the sections which now form part of the M6 were initially opened as dual-carriageway and previously formed part of the N6, while other sections were opened as motorway.
In chronological order, the various sections opened as follows (status on opening in brackets):
Kinnegad-Athlone.
From 24 September 2008, motorway regulations were applied from Kinnegad to the eastern end of the Athlone bypass. The Kinnegad-Athlone scheme was signed as a motorway (and numbered "M6"). Its road markings were already appropriate to a motorway prior to the change in designation coming into effect; however, motorway regulations were not in force and the speed limit was 100 km/h until 24 September of that year.
Athlone-Ballinasloe.
Construction of this 19-km section of road commenced on 3 September 2007 and opened to traffic on 23 July 2009. It was built as a grade separated HQDC to motorway standard and was redesignated a motorway on 28 August 2009. Prior to this date, the scheme was subject to a reduced speed limit of 100 km/h. The central barrier on this road is a traditional metal barrier rather than the Concrete step barriers, which have become standard on all new dual-carriageways in Ireland and UK in recent years. The Athlone to Ballinasloe scheme was built by SIAC-Willis JV.
Ballinasloe-Galway.
Construction of this 56-km section of M6 began in 2007. This section lies between the town of Ballinasloe and Galway City, running between junctions 14 and 20 on the M6 corridor. The road is a tolled Public-private partnership scheme, and opened under motorway restrictions. 
This scheme was a matter of some controversy at its planning stage. The environmental agency An Taisce claimed that the National Roads Authority's planned route would be "particularly destructive" in passing the site of the 17th-century Battle of Aughrim The decision to toll the route is also controversial, as the M4 motorway to/from Dublin, which connects with the N6/M6 route, is also tolled. This is effect meant that motorists would have to pay two tolls when driving between Dublin and Galway. It was pointed out, however, that this corresponds with the Authority's plan to have two tolls on each of the main interurban routes. 
The new section of N6/M6 between Ballinasloe and Galway was also quite unusual in another way: Unlike most national road upgrade projects in Ireland, the new route differed significantly from that of the original N6. The new route runs roughly east-west between the two destinations, rather than dipping south to Loughrea, as the former alignment N6 did. The N56 was extended from Loughrea to the new M6 was constructed to cater for this change. The altered nature of the route also meant that the town of Athenry was situated close to a national primary route for the first time.
As an emergency measure to restore access from Dublin to Galway after severe flooding at Craughwell on Friday 20 November 2009, an incomplete section of this scheme between Loughrea and Galway Clinic (Doughiska) was opened temporarily.
Junctions.
There are two junction numbering schemes on the N6 route. The M6 junction numbers below are used on the Kinnegad-Athlone section. The Athlone bypass has a separate numbering scheme (J1-J6) but this is likely to be renumbered. 
Tolls.
Although the M6 is a tolled motorway, there is only a single toll plaza, located at Cappataggle, between junctions 15 Ballinasloe West & 16 Loughrea. Hence there is no toll payable to travel between the eastern end of the motorway and Ballinasloe and also between Loughrea and the western end at Galway city. Tolls may be paid by cash, credit card or through the use of an electronic tag.
Future.
Motorway redesignations affecting the M6.
At present, the M6 motorway leads into the non-motorway Athlone bypass and continues again west of the bypass to Galway. Subject to improvements, the Athlone Bypass may yet come under motorway regulations and be incorporated into the rest of the M6 route.
Proposed Motorway Service Area.
The National Roads Authority (NRA) has planned the construction Motorway Service Areas at approximately 60 kilometre intervals along each of Ireland's interurban routes. Under this plan, the M6 will have one such area. It will be located just east of Athlone (see here, p. 25). The EIS for the M6 Athlone Motorway Service Area is now available at the NRA website (scroll down to the bottom here).

</doc>
<doc id="19313789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313789" title="Cathy Cassidy">
Cathy Cassidy

Cathy Cassidy (born 13 June 1962) is a British author of young adult fiction, mainly focusing on domestic fiction. She was born in Coventry, but now lives in the Galloway hills in Scotland. She has written 20 books. She has also been the agony aunt for "Shout", a magazine for teenage girls, and she presently has a series of three books about Daizy Star for younger readers. 
Personal life.
Cassidy now lives in the Galloway hills in Scotland with husband and two children. She has been a vegetarian for over 35 years, and was a vegan for 8 years. Her lurcher, Kelpie, inspired the dog Legg-It in her first book. Cassidy was the agony aunt on teenage "Shout "magazine for 12 years and for many years taught art in local primary schools. She attended university to take an art degree. She has drawn all the illustrations and the front covers to all the Daizy Star books.
Queen of Teen.
Cassidy has three times been nominated for the Queen of Teen award, in 2008 (when it was founded), 2010 and 2012. Authors have included Sarah Webb, Louise Rennison (the 2008 winner) and Sarra Manning. In 2010, fans voted Cassidy as the winner. In 2012, she was a runner up to Maureen Johnson.
Books.
She has also written three mini books:

</doc>
<doc id="19313805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313805" title="Visekongene">
Visekongene

Visekongene is a band from Bergen, Norway. Their music can generally be defined as progressive rock, but they also mix in elements from metal, jazz, rock, pop, Children's music, old school Video game music and many other musical styles. Founded in 2001 by Fredrik Moltu "IPF" Johnsen (keyboards and vocals), Jon Are Sundland (keyboards and vocals), Erik "Satosh" Faugstad (guitars and vocals), Tor Kristian Ervik (drums and vocals) and Morten Johannes "mortenjohs" Ervik (bass and vocals).
Erik replaced Morten and Jan Frode Haugseth ("Jafro") replaced Erik in April 2005.
The band in its entirety is also two thirds of the band écapito.

</doc>
<doc id="19313832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313832" title="John Cross (rugby league)">
John Cross (rugby league)

John Cross (born 15 March 1972) is a former Rugby League player and Port Kembla Blacks junior.
Cross was a mobile back rower who played for the Illawarra Steelers, Penrith Panthers and the St. George Illawarra Dragons
Cross is the son of former St George Player, Greg Cross. 
An Illawarra junior, Cross was given the honour of captaining the Illawarra side at the age of just twenty against the touring Great Britain team in 1992. He went on to captain the Illawarra Steelers in first grade.

</doc>
<doc id="19313842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313842" title="H38">
H38

H38 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19313846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313846" title="Durham Services">
Durham Services

Durham Motorway Services are Located at junction 61 on the A1 (M). Located six miles from Durham City in between the villages of Bowburn and Coxhoe in County Durham. Opened in 1994 by David Bellamy.

</doc>
<doc id="19313851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313851" title="Observatory Naef Ependes">
Observatory Naef Ependes

Observatory Robert-A. Naef ("Observatoire Robert-A. Naef") is an astronomical observatory located at Épendes, Canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.
The observatory was named in memory of Robert A. Naef (1907-1975).

</doc>
<doc id="19313867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313867" title="Jahnava Devi">
Jahnava Devi

Jahnava Devi is the wife of Nityananda Prabhu, a 15th-century leader of Gaudiya Vaishnavas in Bengal, 
. She became a leading figure and a diksa guru head of sampradaya.

</doc>
<doc id="19313872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313872" title="Grade I listed buildings in Buckinghamshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Buckinghamshire

There are approximately 372,905 listed buildings in England and 2.5% of these are Grade I. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Buckinghamshire, by district.

</doc>
<doc id="19313879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313879" title="Amsterdam RAI railway station">
Amsterdam RAI railway station

The railway station Amsterdam RAI is situated in southern Amsterdam, Netherlands. It is located between the two directions of the A10 Amsterdam ring road. It is also a metro station at which GVB operates two routes. RAI gets its name from the nearby Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre.
History.
The original station opened in 1981 when it was a terminus station, with just one platform and the station had no signals. At RAI station you could walk straight onto GVB tram route 4 to central station without changing platforms.
In 1988 the tram terminus moved to street level below the station. This was due to the building of Amsterdam Metro line 51 next to the railway station. This line began operating in 1990. The roof of the railway station was built in 1997. The new station was built in 1991 and Amsterdam RAI became an island platform station and then in 1993 the line was extended towards Weesp.
The design of the station is by architect Rob Steenhuis.
Service.
Train.
The following services currently call at Amsterdam RAI:
During some conferences at the RAI, Intercity services stop at this station.
Metro.
GVB operates all Amsterdam city services and Metro lines 50 and 51 stop at Amsterdam RAI metro station which runs parallel with the NS railway.
Tram.
GVB operates one tram service to Amsterdam RAI.
Bus.
This service is operated by GVB.

</doc>
<doc id="19313895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313895" title="Speech (album)">
Speech (album)

Speech was the fourth and last album of the British blues-rock band Steamhammer.
In 1971, Kieran White and Steve Davy left Steamhammer, and bassist Louis Cennamo joined guitarist Martin Pugh and drummer Mick Bradley. This lineup, together with session vocalist Garth Watt-Roy, recorded this album, which was released in 1972. It consisted of three long and mostly instrumental songs. 
Due to the Bradley's untimely death from leukemia, shortly after the album's release, Steamhammer dissolved, and "Speech" ended up being their final album. After Bradley's death, the remaining members, guitarist Martin Pugh and Cennamo joined up with former Yardbirds vocalist Keith Relf and drummer Bobby Caldwell, formerly of Johnny Winter's band and Captain Beyond, to form Armageddon. 
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Product details.
Also:

</doc>
<doc id="19313897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313897" title="Essaim (satellite)">
Essaim (satellite)

Essaim ("swarm", in French) is a French military reconnaissance microsatellite constellation. Its main purpose is to collect and map signals intelligence across the world. The DGA describes it as a "vacuum cleaner for waves".
Description.
Essaim is a constellation of four 120 kg micro satellites (including one spare) in low earth orbit. They are demonstration models which were supposed to last three years. They fly separated by a few hundreds of kilometers. Missions are designed by the "Celar" (Centre d'électronique de l'armement) in Bruz, near Rennes and are uploaded from CNES in Toulouse to the constellation. Collected data follows the same path in reverse order.
Launch.
The constellation was launched from Kourou, in French Guyana, by an Ariane 5 G+ rocket on December 18, 2004. The flight was shared with Helios 2A and two other auxiliary payloads: Parasol and Nanosat.
Individual members of the constellation are Essaim 1, Essaim 2, Essaim 3 and Essaim 4.
Decommissioning.
ESSAIM disposal and passivation operations took place in October 2010. The satellites are expected to reenter within 15 to 19 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19313899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313899" title="Primavera Gallery">
Primavera Gallery

Primavera is a fine arts and crafts gallery of historical significance at 10 King's Parade in Cambridge, England. Henry Rothschild of the Rothschild family founded Primavera in 1945 in Sloane Street, London, in order to promote and retail contemporary British art and craft. In 1959, Rothschild opened Primavera in Cambridge by taking over the shop on King's Parade that had formerly been run by the Society of Designer Craftsmen. Notable potters such as Lucie Rie and Bernard Leach came to Primavera to sell their work. In 1999, its current owner, Jeremy Waller, purchased Primavera and continues the work of Rothschild and the Society of Designer Craftsmen. The gallery now has three floors of work on show featuring over seven hundred artists.
History.
Henry Rothschild (b. 1913) first became interested in the crafts when he encountered them in Italy in 1944 while on Army service. On his return to England, he researched British crafts and decided to found Primavera in Sloane Street, to showcase the best British handcrafted and decorative arts. Primavera’s blend of retail outlet and art gallery caught the imagination of both the public and the fashionable magazines of the day, with stoneware by the Winchcombe and Crowan potteries, tin-glaze from the Cole brothers' Rye Pottery, tableware by Lucie Rie, textiles, furniture and basketwork being exhibited and sold. From 1953, Primavera developed an exhibition programme showing diverse crafts including continental ceramics, toys, sculpture and folk art. The reputation of the gallery enabled Rothschild to promote arts education in schools and to support museums and local authorities in putting together art and craft collections. 
Following the establishment of Primavera in Cambridge, Marion Goodwin and Valerie Webb were appointed as managers and focused on sourcing local crafts. In 1965, the Viewpoint 1965 exhibition held at the gallery featured East Anglian artists and makers such as Geoffrey Clarke (sculpture and stained glass), Mary Potter (paintings), and Dan Arbeid (ceramics). From 1971 to 1983 Rothschild staged a series of important Primavera exhibitions in Cambridge. These centered on ceramics in particular, and were initially held in the gallery of the Kettle’s Yard Museum. In 1995 a special exhibition was held at the Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge, entitled, “Primavera: Pioneering Craft and Design.” This recognized Primavera’s unique contributions to craft and design in postwar Britain. 
Rothschild became the first Secretary of the British section of UNESCO’s World Crafts Council in Geneva. In 1999, the award of an honorary Master of Arts degree by Anglia Ruskin University in Cambridge, recognised Rothschild’s contribution to the crafts.
In 1999, the current owner, Jeremy Waller, purchased the gallery. Under his ownership, Primavera has expanded and now contains arts and crafts by over 700 artists spread over three floors, including contemporary jewellery, ceramics, furniture, glass, metal, paintings, sculpture, textiles and antiques. The gallery continues to exhibit artists such as Dame Lucie Rie, Bernard Leach, Hans Coper and Alan Caiger-Smith through its permanent displays. These exhibition pieces are shown alongside temporary exhibitions and pieces for sale by new artists. Waller actively promotes new artists by purchasing outright most of the jewellery and art on display. This enables pricing in the gallery to be kept to artist’s prices. He has introduced numerous new artists to the gallery, including jewellers Diana Porter and Gill Galloway-Whitehead. Primavera houses an extensive collection of contemporary British handmade jewellery, including many pieces by Malcolm Betts.
In 2001 Waller revived the connection between the Fitzwilliam Museum and Primavera by staging a joint exhibition entitled “Ceramics and Glass”. New works by Alan Caiger-Smith and Peter Layton were shown. Primavera has received commissions from Cambridge University to design and craft pieces for colleges, including a pair of wooden candlesticks for St Catharine's College turned by Guy Ravine in 2008. Waller is dedicated to presenting the best of British art and jewellery within an historic and ancient environment opposite King’s College. He focuses on contrasting different genres and personally changes the positions of exhibited pieces every day as he aims to create a living painting and mosaic out of the gallery itself. He says Primavera should represent more than one vision of what someone's home should look like. No one has just one pot or one picture just by itself unless you are very rich. Pictures are placed near clocks, clocks near objects and objects near chairs and fabrics. This is what Primavera is all about. What is important is to show and know about the actual person behind the artwork, and so emphasise the very human aspect of the work on display as against mass-produced ware
Timeline.
In 1945 Henry Rothschild opens Primavera at 149 Sloane Street, London.
Between 1945 and 1950, Primavera exhibits British crafts including pottery, tableware, basket ware, textiles, toys and furniture.
Between 1950 and 1959, Primavera becomes an artistic centre for fine textiles. Sells glass.
In 1953, Primavera develops an exhibition programme.
In 1959, Rothschild opens Primavera at 10 King’s Parade, Cambridge.
In 1963, Primavera holds a folk art exhibition including artwork from Peru, Mexico, Crete, Italy, India, Russia and Africa.
In 1967, London branch moves to 17 Walton Street.
In 1970, London branch closes.
In 1980, Primavera in Cambridge is sold to Ronald Pile. Continues to operate as a gallery.
During the 1980s, there are selling exhibitions staged by Primavera at Kettle's Yard Art Gallery, Cambridge.
In 1985, the Fitzwilliam Museum holds exhibition of European Ceramics and Wall Textures organized by Henry Rothschild.
In 1987, Fitzwilliam Museum holds Clear through to the Wood exhibition organized by Henry Rothschild. 
In 1995, Primavera holds exhibition with the Fitzwilliam Museum tracing the history of Primavera’s promotion of design and craftsmanship.
In 1999, Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge, recognises Rothschild’s 
contribution to the crafts by awarding an honorary Master of Arts degree.
In 1999, Jeremy Waller purchases Primavera and continues the exhibition programme at 10 and later also 11 King’s Parade.
In 1999, Primavera holds an exhibition of Jane Ray illustrations of the book Mythical Birds & Beasts.
In 2000, several exhibitions are held at Primavera. Camilla Meddings furniture, Phyllis Dupuy ceramics, Malcolm Betts jewellery, The Suffolk Craft Society, Ruloef Uys ceramics, Ursula, Zoe and Sula Rubens, Nicola Henley tapestries, Julia Linstead engraved glass, Jane Ray illustrations of the book of Hansel and Gretal, Bente Odner weavings and tapestries and Rachel Higgins metal automata and sculptures.
In 2001, Primavera and the Fitzwilliam Museum mount a joint exhibition of ceramic and glass work by Alan Caiger-Smith and Peter Layton.
In 2001, Primavera stages several temporary exhibitions including Mary Rich ceramics, Zara Devereux paintings, Claudia Clare ceramics, Jeremy James animal ceramics, Fiona Millais paintings, Leo McDowell paintings and Bill Selby paintings.
In 2002, exhibitions are held at Primavera of Suleyman Saba ceramics, Jane Poulton paintings, Chris Keenan ceramics, Jane Ray illustrations of the books Song of the Earth, Love and Friendship, and Sun Moon and Stars, Philip Wood ceramics and Jeff Soan wooden animal sculptures. 
In 2003, there are exhibitions of Antonia Salmon ceramics, Nick Mackman animal ceramic sculptures and Anna Noel ceramics.
In 2004, exhibitions are held to show Rupert Spira ceramics, Paul Jackson ceramics and Michael Brennand-Wood: flowers, fabric, glass and mosaic creations.
In 2004, Primavera is a major sponsor of The Cambridge Summer Music Festival.
In 2005, exhibitions of Ruloef Uys ceramics, Roger Barnes jewellery and Jane Ray illustrations of the books of The Bold Boy, and Arion and the Dolphin are staged.
In 2006, Primavera holds exhibitions of Guy Royle jewellery and East Anglian Potters.
In 2007, an exhibition shows Jane Ray illustrations of books of Celtic Myths & Legends, Myths of The Near East, and Far Away. Exhibitions of ceramics by Paul Jackson celebrating 25 years at Primavera and Les Blakebrough ceramics are held.
In 2008, various exhibitions are held to celebrate British Silver Week and show Neil Tregear ceramics, Helen Baron ceramics and Nick Juett paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="19313922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313922" title="Camastianavaig">
Camastianavaig

Camastianavaig (also English spelling: Camustinivaig) is a crofting township on the island of Skye in Scotland. It is located on the shores of the Sound of Raasay south east of Portree. The "Allt Osglan" watercourse flows from Loch Fada through the township into Tianavaig Bay.
The name is from both Gaelic and Norse, "Camas Dìonabhaig". "Camas" means "bay" in the former and the Norse element may be from "dyn" meaning "noisy".
Tourist Activities.
Camastianavaig has a rocky shore with views of the Cuillins and Raasay and is situated at the bottom of Ben Tianavaig, where there is a Sea Eagle colony. Other local wildlife includes Bottlenose Dolphin in the summer months, and seals, otters and ducks on a regular basis. The area is popular with mountain bikers.
Agriculture.
The land is used for mainly crofting, with the majority of the livestock being sheep and a few cows. The land is slightly too acidic for arable farming although the addition of lime is used to compensate for this. The soil is also low in potassium, phosphorus and nitrogen, which are essential elements required for plant growth. The high levels of rainfall and steep slopes also cause soil erosion, creating further difficulties for crop growing.
Battle of the Braes.
The township is near the scene of the Battle of the Braes Gaelic: Blàr a' Chumhaing in 1882. Local crofting tenants facing eviction from the land withheld rent and released sheep onto a forbidden area on the shores of Ben Lee. Sent to evict them, the Sheriff Officer from Portree was met by an angry mob, who forced him to burn the eviction notices. Subsequently 50 Glasgow policemen, sent to quell the rebellion, faced 100 men, women and children, armed with sticks and stones. Small fines were imposed in court, but it was clear that law and order could only be enforced with military assistance. After the Battle of the Braes, the unrest spread to Glendale, Skye. The rebellion led to the Napier Commission and ultimately the Crofters Act of 1886. which brought security of tenure and the right to hand a croft on to their heirs. 
The Battle of the Braes is celebrated by a monument and a folk song and in 2012 various legal dignitaries paid a special visit to the site to commemorate the centenary of the Scottish Land Court. The court's chair, Lord McGhie led a party, including Lord Bracadale who was born on Skye, past the church where the first witnesses to the court gave evidence in 1912. The party was expected to acknowledge that the court "stands on the shoulders" of the crofters of the Braes who resisted eviction.

</doc>
<doc id="19313936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313936" title="Progressive Sudanese Party">
Progressive Sudanese Party

Progressive Sudanese Party () was a political party in French Soudan (now Mali). The party was led by Fily Dabo Sissoko. Politically it represented a conservative traditionalist position, and drew support from traditional chiefs. It was founded in December 1945 by Sissoko, son of a canton chief, and Hamadoun Dicko, a former canton chief. The party sought gradual independence from France, seeking to preserve the influence of traditional elites.
In the 1946 election the party won two of three Sudanese seats in the French National Assembly. Sissoko and Jean Silvandre were elected. In total list of the party obtained 60 759 votes (64%). After the election, the PSP parliamentarians joined the SFIO parliamentary group.
In the 1951 French election, the party won all three seats from Sudan. Sissoko, Dicko and Silvandre were elected. The list of the party got 201 866 votes (59.7%).
The party obtained 161 911 votes in the January 1956 French election, coming second after the Sudanese Union-African Democratic Rally (US-RDA). In July the same year, a by-election was held after the death of Mamadou Konaté. PSP again finished second, with 88 719 votes. Since January 1956 PSP had lost its role as a major actor in Sudanese politics.
In 1957 the party became the Sudanese section of the African Socialist Movement.
In the latter period of the existence of the party, it was renamed the Sudanese Regroupment Party ("Parti du regroupement soudanais"). The party had increasingly difficult to act politically, as the US-RDA government in the territory blocked its ability to function normally. The French colonial authorities had withdrawn their support for the party, as they had begun considering good relations with the US-RDA as more useful. On 31 March 1959,
Sissoko declared, on behalf of the PRS politburo, that the party was merging into US-RDA. his decision was the result of a three-day party conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19313944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313944" title="José María Michavila">
José María Michavila

José María Michavila Núñez (Madrid, Spain, 28 March 1960) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the governing People's Party (PP).
Widowed with five children, Michavila qualified in law and history. He entered politics in 1993 when he was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Madrid region. However for the 2000 election he switched to Valencia region which he has represented since then. He served as Minister of Justice from 2002 until 2004 in the government of José María Aznar. As a lawyer he represents Shakira and Alejandro Sanz. [http://www.adnmundo.com/contenidos/actualidad/shakira_ale_sanz_representante_michavila_ac_100107.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19313945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313945" title="Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships">
Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships

The Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships are the World Championships for acrobatic gymnastics. Before 2006 they were known as the World Sports Acrobatics Championships

</doc>
<doc id="19313947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313947" title="Urban Community of Arras">
Urban Community of Arras

The Communauté urbaine d’Arras was created on December 31, 1998, and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
Composition.
It is composed of the following 39 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19313951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313951" title="Dryandra ser. Armatae">
Dryandra ser. Armatae

"Dryandra" ser. "Armatae" is an obsolete series within the former genus "Dryandra" (now "Banksia" ser. "Dryandra"). It was first published by George Bentham in 1870, and was given a new circumscription by Alex George in 1996, but was ultimately discarded in 2007 when Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele sunk "Dryandra" into "Banksia".
According to Bentham.
Bentham's definition of "D." ser. "Armatae" was "Flower-heads usually large, mostly terminal, enclosed in floral leaves longer than the flowers. Involucres broad. Perianths above 1 in. long. Stigmatic end of the style slender, often scarcely distinct. Leaves with prickly teeth or lobes.". The placement and circumscription of the series may be summarised as follows:
According to George.
Bentham's arrangement stood until 1996, when Alex George published his revision of "Dryandra". George gave "D." ser. "Armatae" a different and somewhat broader circumscription, encompassing 20 species, including just four of the seven included there by Bentham. The species included are mostly erect shrubs with large conspicuous yellow flowers heads, easily detached follicles and a notched seed wing.
George's placement and circumscription of "D." ser. "Armatae", as amended in 1999 and 2005, may be summarised as follows:
Recent developments.
Since 1998, Austin Mast has been publishing results of ongoing cladistic analyses of DNA sequence data for the subtribe Banksiinae. His analyses have provided compelling evidence of the paraphyly of "Banksia" with respect to "Dryandra"; that is, it seems that "Dryandra" arose from within the ranks of "Banksia". Early in 2007, Mast and Kevin Thiele initiated a rearrangement of "Banksia" by sinking "Dryandra" into it as "B." ser. "Dryandra". This transfer necessitated the setting aside of George's infrageneric arrangement of "Dryandra"; thus "D." ser. "Armatae" is no longer current. Mast and Thiele have foreshadowed publishing a full arrangement once DNA sampling of "Dryandra" is complete.

</doc>
<doc id="19313961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313961" title="Altamir Heitor Martins">
Altamir Heitor Martins

Career.
Martins transferred from Guarani Futebol Clube to FC National Bucureşti in October 2006. He made three appearances for National in Liga I during the 2006-07 season. The defender joined in summer 2009 from Romanian second league side FC Progresul Bucureşti to Paykan F.C.. After a half year with Paykan F.C. was released and moved to Thai club BEC Tero Sasana F.C.. Then few months later with BEC Tero Sasana F.C., he was released. 
Death.
In March 2012, Martins died in Curitiba aged 32.

</doc>
<doc id="19313968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313968" title="Daniel Flumignan">
Daniel Flumignan

Daniel previously played for G.D. Bragança in the Portuguese Second Division, Mixto Esporte Clube, Operário Futebol Clube (Várzea Grande), Ituiutaba Esporte Clube, Boa Esporte Clube in Brazil and Romanian second league side FC Progresul Bucureşti.
Daniel was the goalkeeper for Ituiutaba, during their championship run in the 2007 Taça Minas Gerais. Following the club's 2007 title, Ituiutaba earned a place in the Copa do Brasil 2008, where Daniel made two appearances. He also played regularly for Ituiutaba during the 2008 Campeonato Mineiro.

</doc>
<doc id="19313985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313985" title="Clemenger Contemporary Art Award">
Clemenger Contemporary Art Award

The Clemenger Contemporary Art Award was a major, triennial, invitational art prize organised under the auspices of the National Gallery of Victoria and funded by the philanthropists Joan and Peter Clemenger. The Clemengers' gift was made in 1991 and the first award was made in 1993. The final award was made in 2009, after which point the award ended. The award was based upon an artist's corpus of work and not upon a particular piece. The value of each prize varied, with the final, 2009 award being worth A$50,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19313988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313988" title="Leontopodium microphyllum">
Leontopodium microphyllum

Leontopodium microphyllum, belonging to sunflower family (Asteraceae) and relative to the European Edelweiss ("Leontopodium alpinum"), is endemic to Taiwan. It is called Taiwan Edelweiss, or small leaf Edelweiss. It grows at mountain area with altitude 3200-3950 meter. It was first published by Japanese botanist Bunzō Hayata in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="19313994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313994" title="Pilsen">
Pilsen

Pilsen may refer to:
Places.
Europe
United States

</doc>
<doc id="19313996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19313996" title="Reg Plummer (rugby player)">
Reg Plummer (rugby player)

Reg Plummer (29 December 1888 - 18 June 1953) was a Welsh international, rugby union wing who played club rugby for Newport and invitational rugby with both the Barbarians and Crawshays RFC. He won five caps for Wales and was selected for the British Lions 1910 tour of South Africa, though he did not play in any of the test games.
Rugby career.
Plummer first played for Newport in 1905 at the age of 17 and spent the almost the entirety of his career with the club. He captained Newport during the 1920/21 season and was part of the team that faced three touring sides; the 1906 and 1912 South Africans and the 1910 Australians.
Plummer was first capped for Wales on 3 February 1912 when he played against Scotland at St Helens under the captaincy of Dicky Owen. It was an excellent game from a Welsh viewpoint as the team beat Scotland 21-6, and Plummer himself scored a try. During the same campaign he scored a second international try, this time against France at Rodney Parade. Plummer was later selected against the touring South African team, as he done so for Newport two months earlier.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19314004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314004" title="Battle of Wadi">
Battle of Wadi

The term Wadi is Arabic for valley, therefore the term Battle of Wadi has been used in numerous instances often in reference to battle (usually taking place in the Levant or with Arab or Muslim Belligerents) that occurred by or near a valley.
The Battle of Wadi can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19314031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314031" title="Rudolf Brudermann">
Rudolf Brudermann

Rudolph Ritter von Brudermann (January 9, 1851 - January 21, 1941) was an general of Austria-Hungary during the First World War. He led the Austria-Hungarian 3rd army during the Battle of Galicia.

</doc>
<doc id="19314033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314033" title="Ghulam Ghaus Khan">
Ghulam Ghaus Khan

Captain Ghulam Ghaus Khan of Rawalpindi District, (presently in Pakistan) was an Indian freedom fighter, a British army officer, belonging to the famous Khatar Khan family of Rawalpindi District.
Indian National Army.
Captain Ghulam Ghaus Khan, son of Capt. Boota Khan of Rawalpindi, studied at the Prince of Wales Royal Indian Military College, Dehradun and was commissioned as an officer in the British Indian Army.
Captain Ghulam Ghaus Khan Family.
Captain Ghulam Ghaus Khan has one wife, Razia begum and three children's which has further children more.
Joined I.N.A.
He joined INA with the several British Indian soldier and took command of Rangoon Burma and became the Brigadier and then the Commander Administrator of the Rangoon with the Japanese. 
He died on 17 January 2005 in Islamabad Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19314066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314066" title="Steve Stone (artist)">
Steve Stone (artist)

Steve Stone is a digital artist known for his fantasy and science fiction cover illustrations as well as video game art, contemporary abstract art and multimedia productions. Some of Stone's work is comparable to the work of H. R. Giger, and presents similar technofetishism, including futuristic imagery of man-machine miscegenation.

</doc>
<doc id="19314093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314093" title="Cuttsia">
Cuttsia

Cuttsia is a monotypic genus of shrubs or trees in the family Rousseaceae. 
The sole species is Cuttsia viburnea (Native Elderberry), which is native to rainforests in New South Wales and Queensland in Australia. Other common names include Cuttsia, Elderberry, Honey Bush, and Native Hydrangea.
The genus and species were first formally described by botanist Ferdinand von Mueller in 1865 in "Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae" 
"Cuttsia viburnea" grows up to 15 metres in height and has toothed leaves with pointed tips that are 8 to 20 cm long and 2 to 6.5 cm wide. The white flowers occur in panicles, followed by rounded fruits that are 3-4 mm long.

</doc>
<doc id="19314109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314109" title="Yale vs. Harvard">
Yale vs. Harvard

Yale vs. Harvard is a 1927 "Our Gang" short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 64th "Our Gang" short that was released and is considered to be lost in the MGM vault fire 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19314118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314118" title="Csaba Almási">
Csaba Almási

Csaba Almási (born 4 July 1966) is a retired Hungarian long jumper.
He was born in Miskolc. He finished fifteenth at the 1989 European Indoor Championships and twelfth at the 1989 World Indoor Championships. He also competed at the 1991 World Indoor Championships, the 1991 World Championships, the 1992 Olympic Games and the 1994 European Championships without reaching the final. He became Hungarian long jump champion in 1989, 1991 and 1992. He also became indoor champion in 1991 and 1992.
His personal best jump was 8.14 metres, achieved in August 1989 in West Berlin.
Csaba Almási stands tall, and during his active career he weighed .

</doc>
<doc id="19314132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314132" title="Number Pieces">
Number Pieces

The term Number Pieces refers to a body of late compositions by John Cage. Each piece is named after the number of performers involved: for instance, "Seven" is a piece for seven performers, "One9" (read "One Nine") is the ninth work for one performer, and "1O1" is a piece for an orchestra of 101 musicians. The vast majority of these works were composed using Cage's time bracket technique: the score consists of short fragments (frequently just one note, with or without dynamics) and indications, in minutes and seconds, of when the fragment should start and when it should end. Time brackets can be fixed (e.g. from 1.15 to 2.00) or flexible (e.g. from anywhere between 1.15 and 1.45, and to anywhere from 2.00 to 2.30).
All of the Number Pieces were composed during the last six years of Cage's life, 1987–1992. Most are for traditional instruments, with six exceptions that range from works for the Japanese aerophone shō and conch shells to an electronically amplified version of "4′33″". This article lists all Number Pieces, organized by number of performers.
List of Number Pieces.
Twenty to 108.
Cage's late orchestral works are to be performed without a conductor.

</doc>
<doc id="19314135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314135" title="John E. Bendix">
John E. Bendix

John E. Bendix (August 28, 1818 – October 8, 1877) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War who commanded two different New York regiments and then a brigade of infantry in Army of the Potomac in the Eastern Theater. He survived a serious wound at the Battle of Fredericksburg in December 1862. He was noted as a prolific recruiter and organizer, and after the war, as a general, he helped organize the postbellum state militia that later became the New York Guard.
Biography.
Bendix was born in between the United States and Canada, on board the "Sarah," one of the first steamers that navigated St. Lawrence River. His parents (who were natives of Germany), returned to their native land soon after their son's birth and educated the boy in the common schools. While yet in his teens, young Bendix returned to the U.S. and settled in New York City, where he learned the trades of pattern maker and machinist. He joined the 9th New York State Militia in 1847 as a private. He was appointed as the lieutenant colonel of the 11th New York State Militia in October 1859. He became a prominent member of the New York City Freemasonry movement.
Following the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861, Bendix organized the 7th New York Infantry and was appointed as its first colonel. He resigned that position soon after the Battle of Big Bethel and became the colonel of the 10th New York Infantry (the "National Zouaves") in September 1861, serving at Fort Monroe in Virginia over the winter. In May, he was part of an expedition against Confederate forces at Norfolk, Virginia. 
During the 1862 Peninsula Campaign, he suffered a painful ankle wound during the Seven Days Battles. Later that same year, he participated in the battles of Second Bull Run, Antietam, Fredericksburg, as well as several engagements of the intervening campaigns. Bendix was carried from the battlefield at Fredericksburg after suffering a serious wound in the neck from a shell fragment during the assault on Confederate entrenchments on Marye's Heights. He returned home to New York City on a leave of absence. He rejoined his regiment in January 1863, and assumed command of the 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division of the II Corps. He remained in command until April 28, when the 10th New York was ordered home to be mustered out of the service. Bendix then was heavily involved in helping recruit and train new soldiers for other New York units. He was promoted to the brevet rank of brigadier general dating from March 1865.
Bendix organized the Third Regiment (Bendix Zouaves) in November 1865. He retired from the service in 1871 and died in New York City six years later at the age of 59. He is buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn.
New York Post #402 of the Grand Army of the Republic was named for General Bendix.

</doc>
<doc id="19314156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314156" title="Akureyrarkirkja">
Akureyrarkirkja

Akureyrarkirkja or The Church of Akureyri is a prominent Lutheran church in Akureyri, northern Iceland. Located in the centre of the city, and towering above the city on a hill, it was designed by Guðjón Samúelsson, and completed in 1940.
Akureyrarkirkja contains a notably large 3200-pipe organ, a unique interpretation of the crucifixion and a suspended ship hanging from the ceiling which reflects an old Nordic tradition of giving offerings for the protection of loved ones at sea. The opaque central window in the chancel, once belonged to Coventry Cathedral in England.

</doc>
<doc id="19314164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19314164" title="Brian Battese">
Brian Battese

Brian Battese (born 25 March 1961) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s. He played in the Brisbane Rugby League and New South Wales Rugby League premierships, primarily playing as a second-row forward.
Playing career.
A South Lismore junior, Battese played with Wynnum-Manly Seagulls in the Brisbane Rugby League Premiership. He played in Wynnum-Manly's 1982 Grand Final victory over Souths before moving to Sydney club, Western Suburbs Magpies, in 1983. After one season with the club, he moved to Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs for two seasons under coach Warren Ryan. Although Battese started the 1984 season in reserve-grade, in April he replaced the injured Phil Gould and retained the position for the remainder of the year and played in the premiership winning team against Parramatta. In 1985, Battese was a member of the victorious Canterbury team that defeated St. George in the grand final.
Battese spent the 1985–1986 off-season with Salford City in England before returning to Australia to join Eastern Suburbs. After a move to the A.C.T. in 1988, Battese played only two matches for the Canberra Raiders before retiring.
Battese now teaches at St. John's College in Lismore and coaches junior rugby league.

</doc>
