<doc id="19148450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148450" title="Săcăduș River">
Săcăduș River

The Săcăduș River ( ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania. Its name means "Breakdown Creek" in (Hungarian).

</doc>
<doc id="19148453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148453" title="It Came from San Antonio">
It Came from San Antonio

It Came From San Antonio is the sixth album by American singer/songwriter Bruce Robison. It was released in 2007 on Premium Records. 
Track listing.
All songs (Robison) except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="19148458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148458" title="Incredibile opposizione tour 94">
Incredibile opposizione tour 94


</doc>
<doc id="19148461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148461" title="Antonio Álvarez Jonte">
Antonio Álvarez Jonte

Antonio Álvarez Jonte (Madrid, 1784 – Pisco, Perú, October 18, 1820) was an Argentine politician. He was born in Madrid in 1784 and moved with parents to Córdoba when young. He studied law at Córdoba University and obtained his doctorate at the Real Universidad de San Felipe in Santiago de Chile. He opened a law practice in Buenos Aires, and lived there at the time of the British invasions. He offered his services as volunteer in the militia but was declined due to poor health.
Second Tiumvirate.
Álvarez Jonte took part on the preparations for the May Revolution in 1810. After the revolution, the newly constituted Primera Junta sent him to Chile to try to foment a similar revolution there. This happened in October 1810, and Álvarez Jonte became the first Argentine ambassador to this country.
Towards the end of 1810 he was in Buenos Aires and he joined Mariano Moreno's revolutionary group. The Junta named him member of the Cabildo, where he pressed to dissolve the governing Junta when news of the Battle of Huaqui disaster arrived. He supported the formation of the First Triumvirate, and by their initiative he was named again rector of the Cabildo for the year 1812. He moved to the opposition when the government of Rivadavia dissolved the first national assembly in 1812.
Álvarez Jonte joined the Lautaro lodge, founded by Alvear and San Martín, and supported the October 1812 revolution, (started by San Martín after the arrival of the news of the military victory at the Battle of Tucumán). By this movement the First Triumvirate was dissolved and replaced by a Second Triumvirate, formed by Juan José Paso, Nicolás Rodríguez Peña, and Álvarez Jonte. A short while later Paso was replaced by José Julián Pérez, and a few months later, Rodríguez Peña was replaced by Gervasio Posadas, Alvear's uncle.
In reality, the government was controlled by the Lautaro Lodge and by Alvear. The Triumvirate called for a National Constitutional Assembly, dominated by Buenos Aires where most of the deputies from the interior of the country were named by the Lodge, in Buenos Aires. The Assembly did not meet its objectives, not having declared independence from Spain, nor sanctioning any constitution.
By the end of 1813, Juan Larrea (a rich and influential friend of Alvear and of British commerce) replace Álvarez Jonte, who was named to lead the commission investigating the military defeats at Vilcapugio and Ayohuma.
Collaboration with San Martín.
Álvarez Jonte travelled to Tucumán to start the investigations and legal proceedings, but later he declined to judge general Belgrano. In early 1814 he reorganized the government of Tucumán Province. Was then named as military comptroller to the Army of the North during the short period where its commander in choief was San Martín. Álvarez Jonte then returned to Buenos Aires, where he served as general war comptroller, and worked in this post during the brief government of Alvear.
After the mutiny that led to the Alvear's fall from government, he was exiled to London. There he joined the local Lautaro Lodge and dedicated himself to the formation of a navy squadron for Chile, recently liberated from Spain by San Martín, supporting the latter's plans to attack the Viceroyalty of Peru by sea.
He arrived in Chile with Admiral Thomas Cochrane in November 1818, with the navy's ships intended to move the Army of the Andes to Peru. Even though he fell ill, he was named army comptroller and secretary to San Martín. He accompanied Cochrane in the first naval campaign to the port of El Callao.
In August 1820 he embarked with San Martín towards Peru again. A short time after arriving, he fell gravelly ill (probably of tuberculosis ) and died in October 1820 in the port of Pisco.
An avenue in Buenos Aires's Monte Castro neighborhood, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19148509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148509" title="Eaglesfield">
Eaglesfield

Eaglesfield is a small town in south east Dumfriesshire (Dumfries and Galloway), Scotland. It is not far from the English Border.
History.
Eaglesfield is of ancient origin, and Blacket Tower is the former seat of an old Borders family. There is some debate about the origin of the first element of the name which may derive from the Celtic word for a church, "eglwys" in modern Welsh, or "eaglais" in modern Scottish Gaelic.
Many of the buildings in the town are of recent construction, from the 19th and 20th centuries. The town is a good example of a linear settlement, as most of it is in and around a single road.
The nearest town to Eaglesfield is Annan, which is located approximately seven miles away. 

</doc>
<doc id="19148519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148519" title="Glossary of robotics">
Glossary of robotics

Robotics is the branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, structural disposition, manufacture and application of robots. Robotics is related to the sciences of electronics, engineering, mechanics, and software.
The following is a list of common definitions related to the Robotics field.
__NOTOC__
External links.
Online Robotics glossary repositories:

</doc>
<doc id="19148525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148525" title="Joseph Zaretzki">
Joseph Zaretzki

Joseph Zaretzki (March 9, 1900 New York City - December 20, 1981 The Bronx, New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Majority Leader of the New York State Senate in 1965, the only Democrat in this position since the adoption of the New York State Constitution of 1938 until Malcolm Smith attained the position in 2009. 
Life.
He served in the United States Army during World War I.
He was a member of the New York State Senate where he represented the Washington Heights area of Manhattan from 1948 to 1974. He was the Democratic Minority Leader from 1957 to 1964, and from 1966 to 1974.
In 1965, the Democratic Party achieved for the only time since 1938 a majority in the State Senate, but the Democratic senators were divided in two factions, 15 senators allied with Mayor of New York City Robert F. Wagner, Jr., and 18 senators allied with U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy. After a month of deadlock, Zaretzki - the long-time Minority Leader and Wagner's candidate - was elected Majority Leader on February 3 with the votes of the Wagner men and the Republicans who had voted for Earl W. Brydges, but were urged by Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller to end the deadlock.
He died at the Beth Abraham Hospital in the Bronx.

</doc>
<doc id="19148552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148552" title="NanoHUB">
NanoHUB

nanoHUB.org is a science and engineering gateway comprising community-contributed resources and geared toward educational applications, professional networking, and interactive simulation tools for nanotechnology. Funded by the United States National Science Foundation (NSF), it is a product of the Network for Computational Nanotechnology (NCN), a multi-university initiative of eight member institutions including Purdue University, the University of California at Berkeley, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the Molecular Foundry at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Norfolk State University, Northwestern University, and the University of Texas at El Paso. NCN was established to create a resource for nanoscience and nanotechnology via online services for research, education, and professional collaboration. NCN supports research efforts in nanoelectronics; nanoelectromechanical systems (NEMS); nanofluidics; nanomedicine, biology; and nanophotonics.
Infrastructure.
The Network for Computational Nanotechnology was established in 2002.
The US National Science Foundation (NSF) provided grants of about $14 million from 2002 through 2010, with principal investigator Mark S. Lundstrom.
The Web portal of NCN is nanoHUB.org and is an instance of a HUBZero hub. It offers simulation tools, course materials, lectures, seminars, tutorials, user groups, and online meetings. 
Interactive simulation tools are accessible from web browsers and run via a distributed computing network at Purdue University, as well as the TeraGrid and Open Science Grid. These resources are provided by hundreds of member contributors in the nanoscience community. 
Resources include:
Simulation tools.
The nanoHUB provides in-browser simulation tools geared toward nanotechnology, electrical engineering, chemistry, and semiconductor education. nanoHUB simulations are available to users as both stand-alone tools and part of structured teaching and learning curricula comprising numerous tools. Users develop and contribute their own tools for live deployment. 
Examples of tools include:
Rappture Toolkit.
The Rappture (Rapid APPlication infrastrucTURE) toolkit provides the basic infrastructure for the development of a large class of scientific applications, allowing scientists to focus on their core algorithm. It does so in a language-neutral fashion, so one may access Rappture in a variety of programming environments, including C/C++, Fortran and Python. To use Rappture, a developer describes all of the inputs and outputs for the simulator, and Rappture generates a Graphical User Interface (GUI) for the tool automatically.
Workspaces.
A workspace is an in-browser Linux desktop that provides access to NCN's Rappture toolkit, along with computational resources available on the NCN, Open Science Grid, and TeraGrid networks. One can use these resources to conduct research, or as a development area for new simulation tools. One may upload code, compile it, test it, and debug it. Once code is tested and working properly in a workspace, it can be deployed as a live tool on nanoHUB.
A user can use normal Linux tools to transfer data into and out of a workspace. For example, sftp yourlogin@sftp.nanohub.org will establish a connection with a nanoHUB file share. Users can also use built-in WebDAV support on Windows, Macintosh, and Linux operating systems to access theier nanoHUB files on a local desktop.
Middleware.
The web server uses a daemon to dynamically relay incoming VNC connections to the execution host on which an application session is running. Instead of using the port router to set up a separate channel by which a file import or export operation is conducted, it uses VNC to trigger an action on the browser which relays a file transfer through the main nanoHUB web server. The primary advantage of consolidating these capabilities into the web server is that it limits the entry point to the nanoHUB to one address: www.nanohub.org. This simplifies the security model as well as reduces on the number of independent security certificates to manage.
One disadvantage of consolidating most communication through the web server is the lack of scalability when too much data is transferred by individual users. In order to avoid a network traffic jam, the web server can be replicated and clustered into one name by means of DNS round-robin selection.
The backend execution hosts that support Maxwell can operate with conventional Unix systems, Xen virtual machines, and a form of virtualization based on OpenVZ. For each system, a VNC server is pre-started for every session. When OpenVZ is used, that VNC server is started inside of a virtual container. Processes running in that container cannot see other processes on the physical system, see the CPU load imposed by other users, dominate the resources of the physical machine, or make outbound network connections. By selectively overriding the restrictions imposed by OpenVZ, it is possible to synthesize a fully private environment for each application session that the user can use remotely.
Usage.
The majority of users come from academic institutions using nanoHUB as part of their research and educational activities. Users also come from national labs and private industry. 
As a scientific resource, nanoHUB was cited hundrends of times in the scientific literature, peaking in 2009. 
Approximately sixty percent of the citations stem from authors not affiliated with the NCN. More than 200 of the citations refer to nanotechnology research, with more than 150 of them citing concrete resource usage. Twenty citations elaborate on nanoHUB use in education and more than 30 refer to nanoHUB as an example of national cyberinfrastructure.
Related Projects.
nanoHUB-U.
The nanoHUB-U online course initiative was developed to enable students to study a subject in a 5-week framework roughly equivalent to a 1.0 credit class. No credit is given – quizzes and exams are simple and are intended to be aids to learning rather than rigorous tests for acquired skills. In the spirit of a research university, nanoHUB-U courses aim to bring new advances and understanding from research into the curriculum. Every effort is made to present courses in a way that is accessible to beginning graduate students with a variety of different backgrounds. What this means in practice is that the number of prerequisites should be kept to an absolute minimum. The ideal nanoHUB-U course is accessible to any students with an undergraduate degree in engineering or the physical sciences. 

</doc>
<doc id="19148556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148556" title="Guai a chi ci tocca">
Guai a chi ci tocca

Guai a chi ci tocca, is the second studio album from the Italian band 99 Posse. Recorded by Enzo Rizzo at Flying Recording studios (Naples) and by Massimo Aluzzi at Splash studios (Naples), it was released on 1994.
This is the second work born by the collaboration of 99 Posse and Bisca, after the live disc Incredibile opposizione tour 94.
The musical style of this album cannot be easily definied, because the two bands play very different styles of music.
The track "Omaggio a Massimo" (translatable as "Tribute to Massimo"), is a tribute to the Italian actor Massimo Troisi. This is not a song, but a part of a monologue of Massimo Troisi.
The track "Resiste Chiapas" is a remix of a popular song wrote by EZLN, where is repeated the phrase ""Zapata vive, la lucha sigue"" ("Zapata is still alive, the fight still goes on").

</doc>
<doc id="19148561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148561" title="Bogdanul River">
Bogdanul River

The Bogdanul River ( ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19148564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148564" title="Quiet Men">
Quiet Men

"Quiet Men" is the fifth single from New Wave and synthpop band Ultravox. It was released in 1978 and was their last single on Island Records before the band signed to Chrysalis Records. It also was the last single featuring frontman John Foxx and guitarist Robin Simon.
"Quiet Men" features prominent synthesizer and guitar riffs and was one of the more popular songs of the John Foxx era. It was performed in concert by Ultravox from March 1978 until the Vienna Tour in 1980/81 with Midge Ure singing. John Foxx also continued to perform the song live in his solo concerts.
The B-side is "Cross Fade", a pure synthpop piece that did not appear on the album. It was never performed live.

</doc>
<doc id="19148610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148610" title="Jerry Crider">
Jerry Crider

Jerry Stephen Crider (September 2, 1941 – April 4, 2008) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Minnesota Twins () and Chicago White Sox (). Listed at , 180 lb., Crider batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
In a two-season career, Crider posted a 5–7 record with a 4.51 ERA in 53 appearances, including nine starts, giving up 64 runs (four unearned) on 132 hits and 49 walks while striking out 56 in 119 ⅔ innings of work.
Following his baseball career, Crider moved to Mexico and opened a hunting business. He died in Phoenix, Arizona, at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="19148611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148611" title="A.S.D. Pro Settimo &amp; Eureka">
A.S.D. Pro Settimo &amp; Eureka

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Pro Settimo & Eureka (usually referred to as simply Pro Settimo) is an Italian association football club, based in Settimo Torinese, Piedmont.
The club was founded in 2007.
Pro Settimo currently plays in Eccellenza Piedmont and Aosta Valley. 
The team's colors are yellow and red.

</doc>
<doc id="19148612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148612" title="My Melody of Love">
My Melody of Love

"My Melody of Love" is the title of a popular song from 1974 (see 1974 in music) by the American singer Bobby Vinton. Vinton adapted his song from a German song composed by Henry Mayer, and it appears on Vinton's album "Melodies of Love".
Vinton came up with the idea to adapt Mayer's song while performing in Las Vegas, Nevada. The original song was called "Herzen haben keine Fenster" ("Hearts have no windows") and was a hit in Germany and Austria as performed by Austrian singer Elfi Graf. A version with newly written English lyrics was released as a single called "Don't Stay Away Too Long" by the British duo Peters and Lee earlier in 1974. Peters and Lee's version of the song failed to chart in the US but reached number three on the UK Singles Chart. Vinton's lyrics use a refrain that switches between English and Polish: 
"Moja droga, ja cię kocham," 
Means that I love you so. 
"Moja droga, ja cię kocham," 
More than you'll ever know. 
"Kocham ciebie całym sercem," 
Love you with all my heart.
"My Melody of Love" was Vinton's highest charting US pop hit since "Mr. Lonely" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in 1964, nearly ten years before. "My Melody of Love" spent two weeks at number three on the Hot 100 chart in November 1974 and was certified a Gold Record by the RIAA. In addition, it spent one week at number one on the "Billboard" easy listening chart, the singer's fourth song to top this chart. Its success led to Vinton's nickname "the Polish Prince". The song also became the theme-song of The Bobby Vinton Show, Vinton's variety show which ran in Canada on the CTV Network from 1975 to 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19148631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148631" title="Bathgate Academy">
Bathgate Academy

Bathgate Academy is a secondary school in Bathgate, West Lothian, Scotland. Approximately 1,000 students are taught from ages 11–18, serving the needs of several communities including Blackburn and some communities outwith the catchment area such as Livingston.
History.
Established by John Newlands in the mid-18th century, the school was originally located on Marjoribanks Street. This building was taken over by West Lothian College in the 1960s, when the school moved to its current location.
The Academy was also used as annex to Balbardie Primary School in the 1960's and 70's.

</doc>
<doc id="19148664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148664" title="Ballinasloe GAA">
Ballinasloe GAA

Ballinasloe GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association gaelic football and hurling club located in Ballinasloe, County Galway, Ireland. 
It was formed on 1 December 2005 as the result of a merger of St Grellan's GFC and Ballinasloe Hurling Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19148683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148683" title="Eleven Stories">
Eleven Stories

Eleven Stories is the fifth album by American singer/songwriter Bruce Robison. It was released in 2006 on Sustain Records. 
Track listing.
All songs (Robison) except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="19148689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148689" title="Ocean Champions">
Ocean Champions

Ocean Champions, a 501(c)(4) environmental organization in the United States with a connected political action committee (Ocean Champions PAC), is the first national organization of its kind focused solely on oceans and ocean wildlife.
Their goal is to create a political environment where protecting and restoring the oceans is a national government priority.
They do this by helping to elect pro-ocean Congressional candidates and working to defeat the others. Ocean Champions engages with members of Congress to pass pro-ocean laws and shoot down bills that would harm the ocean.
Co-founder David Wilmot defines the organization as a “blue group”, instead of a “green group” to emphasize its focus on the oceans.
Organization.
Ocean Champions was founded by marine biologist David Wilmot and environmental attorney Jack Sterne in 2003.
Currently (as of 2011), David Wilmot is the group’s President and the Executive Director is Mike Dunmyer. 
The group is headquartered on the west coast in Capitola, California, and has since added an office on the east coast in Delaware.
On Earth Day 2011, Ocean Champions was recognized as a certified Monterey Bay Area Green Business.
Political action.
Some of the issues that Ocean Champions has lobbied in Congress include: harmful algal blooms, ending overfishing, national ocean policy (OCEANS-21), national endowment for the oceans, offshore oil drilling, water pollution prevention and ocean acidification.
Ocean Champions has supported over 50 Congressmen/women since the 109th United States Congress election in 2004. Ocean Champions works with both Democrats and Republicans. 
Ocean Champions supported Rep. Farr and worked to defeat re-election of Representative Richard Pombo in 2006. 
From 2004 to 2011, Ocean Champions has had an 80% success rate of endorsed candidates winning their respective elections.
Ocean topics.
Though young, Ocean Champions has already achieved several legislative victories, and that influence continues to grow. Ocean Champions was a major player in the re-authorization of a stronger Magnuson-Stevens fisheries management law, and helped defeat a farm bill amendment that would have exacerbated overfishing.
Key Champions in Congress helped protect the moratorium on new oil drilling off our coasts in 2006 and 2007 and led the efforts in holding BP accountable in 2010. 
Ocean Champions played a key role in obtaining the President’s Executive Order for a National Ocean Policy. Also in 2010, the organization led the charge on a House bill to reduce toxic algae blooms and ocean dead zones that passed the House, but just missed passing the Senate. This bill enjoys bipartisan support and has good prospects in 2011.
In the 112th Congress, Ocean Champions are focusing on a number of ecosystem issues, including ending overfishing, reducing coastal water pollution and protecting coral reefs, such as through the introduction of The National Endowment for the Oceans, Coasts, and Great Lakes Act. This proposal is meant to preserve the ecosystems that coastal communities and economies depend on.

</doc>
<doc id="19148702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148702" title="Parachaetodon">
Parachaetodon

Parachaetodon is a genus of butterflyfishes native to the Indo-Pacific region.
Species.
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19148726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148726" title="Jaime Serra (artist)">
Jaime Serra (artist)

Jaume Serra (died after 1405) was a Catalonian painter. Serra was influenced heavily by a Sienese style introduced by Ferrer Bassa. His altarpiece "The Holy Spirit" can be found in the Manresa cathedral. 

</doc>
<doc id="19148814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148814" title="John Rogers Thomas">
John Rogers Thomas

John Rogers Thomas (26 March 1830 - 5 April 1896) was an American composer, pianist, and singer of Welsh descent. 
Thomas was born in Newport, Rhode Island. A baritone and composer, he first came to America with the Sequin English Opera Company and became interested in the music of America that was developing. He sang and toured with Bryant's Minstrels and settled in New York. 
He wrote more than one hundred popular American songs during the nineteenth century of which his most popular were "The Cottage by the Sea" (1856), "Old Friends and Old Times" (1856), "Bonny Eloise—The Belle of Mohawk Vale" (1858), '"Tis But a Little Faded Flower" (1860), "When the War Is Over, Mary" (1864), "Beautiful Isle of the Sea" (1865), "Croquet" (1867), "Eilleen Allanna" (1873), and "Rose of Killarney" (1876). Thomas occasionally published material under the pseudonyms Charles Osborne, Arthur Percy and Harry Diamond. In addition to song writing, Thomas composed three larger works; "The Picnic" (1869), a children's operetta with a libretto by George Cooper; "The Lady in the Mask" (1870), an operetta with a libretto by George Cooper; and "Diamond Cut Diamond" (1876), a parlor opera in one act.
In addition to his popular songs, Thomas also composed sacred music, and was also known as a teacher in Brooklyn and in New York City, where he died.
Correction on Thomas' birth date and place; born 1829 in Newport, "South Wales" not Rhode Island as stated above.

</doc>
<doc id="19148828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148828" title="Country Sunshine (Bruce Robison album)">
Country Sunshine (Bruce Robison album)

Country Sunshine is the fourth album by American singer/songwriter Bruce Robison. It was released in 2001 on Boar's Nest Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="19148869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148869" title="Higher and Higher (The Moody Blues song)">
Higher and Higher (The Moody Blues song)

"Higher and Higher" is the opening track of The Moody Blues 1969 album "To Our Children's Children's Children", a concept album about space travel.
"Higher and Higher", which begins the album, describes space travel as one of man's greatest feats. The verses of the song are spoken by Mike Pinder, rather than sung. Sound effects of a rocket launching begin the song and last for the first minute. The band had asked NASA for a recording of a rocket launch to use but they were disappointed (it was described as "a damp squib") so they had to create their own.
"Higher and Higher" was also the Moody Blues' first full length song that was written by the band's drummer Graeme Edge. Edge was usually the writer of short spoken-word interludes that appeared at the beginning and end of previous albums. In the recordings, they were usually recited by Mike Pinder.
Graeme Edge has stated that his inspiration for the song came upon seeing the "Apollo 11" crew members Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin first walk on the moon on 20 July 1969.
The Moody Blues continue to perform "Higher and Higher" live in concert. Graeme Edge now provides the lead spoken verses in concert since Mike Pinder is no longer with the band. Since this requires Edge to take center stage to recite the verse, the drums are performed by their back-up drummer Gordon Marshall. At the end of the verses, Edge then returns to the drum set and concludes the song on the drums.

</doc>
<doc id="19148918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148918" title="John Martin Thompson">
John Martin Thompson

John Martin Thompson (1829–1907), Lumberman, civic leader, was born in the old Cherokee Nation prior to removal in what is now Cass County, Georgia. He was the son of Benjamin Franklin Thompson, a South Carolinian of Scottish descent, and Annie Martin a mix blood Cherokee. She being the daughter of Judge John Martin, the first Chief Justice of the Cherokee Nation.
The Cherokees and The Mount Tabor Indian Community.
Thompson's family had ties to the Cherokee Ridge Party, who supported the removal treaty known as the Treaty of New Echota. In 1844, Thompson's family left the Cherokee Nation in Indian Territory along with other Ridge Party supporters to settle in Rusk County, Texas. B.F. Thompson initially purchased near present day Laird Hill, Texas on which the family made its home. The community later became known as the Mount Tabor Indian Community, the name given the area by John Adair Bell as recorded in the book Cherokee Cavaliers, (pg 80).
Reconstruction.
Following the American Civil War, J.M. Thompson became one of the largest lumbermen in Texas. During the reconstruction era and into the early twentieth centuries Thompson along with his sons built their vast holdings in timber through a series of sound business decisions. In 1881 they left the Rusk County area, moving operations into Trinity County in order to market their product via the Missouri, Kansas and Texas Railway. They facilitated their marketing campaigns by developing connections to retail lumberyards. Further, they organized a series of companies to expedite and manage their ever growing timber empire. Thus were formed the Thompson and Tucker Lumber Company followed by the J. M. Thompson Lumber Company, the Thompson Brothers Lumber Company, and finally the Thompson and Ford Lumber Company. By 1907 the various companies owned over of land while operating mills in communities such as Willard, Doucette, and Grayburg. In 1906, the company relocated all corporate interests to Houston.
Later life.
Although as busy as he was, John Martin thompson, was first a family man and community leader. He led the Mount Tabor Indian Community (and by extension the Texas Cherokees and Associate Bands), following the death of William Penn Adair in 1880, until his own death in 1907. He was succeeded as Executive Committee Chairman of the Texas Cherokees and Associate Bands by Claude Muskrat.
His Successor and son Hoxie Harry Thompson.
His business successor was his son Hoxie Harry Thompson. It was H.H. Thompson who sold to the United States Forest Service for $12.50 an acre. These lands would eventually form the largest part of the Davy Crockett National Forest. By 1960 Hoxie Thompson had sold neally all the Thompson lands, but maintained most of the mineral rights.

</doc>
<doc id="19148928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148928" title="1986 Copa Banco Galicia – Singles">
1986 Copa Banco Galicia – Singles

Martín Jaite was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Franco Davín.
Jay Berger won in the final 6–3, 6–3 against Franco Davín.

</doc>
<doc id="19148934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148934" title="Health in Hong Kong">
Health in Hong Kong

Hong Kong's medical infrastructure consists of a mixed medical economy, with 12 private hospitals and more than 50 public hospitals. There are also polyclinics that offer primary care services, including dentistry.
Overview.
Hong Kong is one of the healthiest places in the world. Because of its early health education, professional health services, and well-developed health care and medication system, Hongkongers enjoy a life expectancy of 85.9 for females and 80 for men, which is the third highest in the world, and an infant mortality rate of 3.8 deaths per 1000 births, the fourth lowest in the world.
Hong Kong has high standards of medical practice. It has contributed to the development of liver transplantation, being the first in the world to carry out an adult to adult live donor liver transplant in 1993.
Public Healthcare.
Department of Health.
The Department of Health, under the Food and Health Bureau, is the health adviser of Hong Kong government and an executive arm in health legislation and policy. Its main role is to safeguard the health of the community through promotive, preventive, curative and rehabilitative services in Hong Kong. The main function of the department includes child assessment service, immunisation programmes, dental service, forensic pathology service, registration of healthcare professionals etc., though boards and councils (i.e. Medical Council of Hong Kong, Pharmacy and Poisons Board of Hong Kong) are independent statutory bodies established under the relevant ordinances that operate independently to discharge their statutory functions.
Hospital Authority.
The Hospital Authority is a statutory body established on 1 December 1990 under the Hospital Authority Ordinance to manage all 38 public hospitals and institutions in Hong Kong. It is mainly responsible for delivering a comprehensive range of secondary and tertiary specialist care and medical rehabilitation through its network of health care facilities. The Authority also provides some primary medical services in 74 primary care clinics.
Medical and Healthcare Education.
Hong Kong has only two comprehensive medical faculties, the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, University of Hong Kong and the Faculty of Medicine, Chinese University of Hong Kong, and they are also the sole two institutes offering medical and pharmacy programs. Other healthcare discipline programs are dispersed among some other universities which do not host a medical faculty.
Private Healthcare.
Hong Kong's 12 private hospitals have partnered with the United Kingdom for international healthcare accreditation. All 12 hospitals are "Trent Hospitals", having been surveyed and accredited by the United Kingdom's Trent Accreditation Scheme. The Hong Kong Academy of Medicine is an independent institution with the statutory power to organise, monitor, assess and accredit all medical specialist training and to oversee the provision of continuing medical education in Hong Kong. In addition, The Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada has also accredited the postgraduate medical education (1994–present) in Hong Kong and allowed these graduates from the Hong Kong Academy of Medicine seeking RCPSC Certification and practising in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19148942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148942" title="A.S.D. Vallée d’Aoste Charvensod">
A.S.D. Vallée d’Aoste Charvensod

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Vallée d’Aoste Charvensod is an Italian association football club, based in Charvensod, Aosta Valley. 
The club currently plays in Promozione Piedmont and Aosta Valley.
History.
From Aosta Calcio Charvensod to Vallée d’Aoste Charvensod.
U.S. Aosta Calcio Charvensod was founded in 2004 after the merger of "A.S. Aosta 2000" and "Charvensod Sant’Orso".
In 2007 it becomes "A.S.D. Charvensod Aosta".
In summer 2010 the club, just relegated to Prima Categoria, changes its name in A.S.D. Vallée d’Aoste Charvensod, continuing so the tradition of the former "Valle d'Aosta Calcio".
In the season 2010-11 from Prima Categoria Piedmont and Aosta the team is promoted to Promozione Piedmont and Aosta Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19148982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148982" title="The Procession of Tartaros">
The Procession of Tartaros

The Procession Of Tartaros is a music album by the Swedish Heavy Metal band Overload. it was released 2008. The album was produced by Overload and Pär Ryberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19148999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148999" title="Canowindra (fish)">
Canowindra (fish)

Canowindra is a prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Late Devonian period (about 374 to 359 million years ago). The genus is known from only a single well preserved specimen, dubbed "Canowindra grossi", after Professor Walter Gross, who spent his career studying lobe-finned fish, and after the Australian town in which it was found, Canowindra. "Canowindra grossi" was apparently comparatively small in size (about 50 cm) and belongs to the family of Canowindridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19149009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149009" title="The Get Up Kids / The Anniversary">
The Get Up Kids / The Anniversary

"Central Standard Time/Vasil + Bluey" is a split EP between Kansas City, Missouri band The Get Up Kids and Lawrence, Kansas group The Anniversary. The album was released on colored vinyl in 1999 on Vagrant Records. There were seven different pressings of the album, with each pressing on different colored vinyl. Each song was recorded separately, with "Central Standard Time" recorded at Mad Hatter Studios in Silverlake, California in the summer of 1999 while the band was recording their second full-length album Something to Write Home About. "Vasil + Bluey" was recorded at Red House Studios in Eudora, Kansas.
Personnel.
The Get Up Kids
The Anniversary

</doc>
<doc id="19149016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149016" title="Srđan Šaper">
Srđan Šaper

Srđan Šaper (; born October 9, 1958) is a founder of I&F McCann Grupa. He is also well known as a founder and a member of the Yugoslav New Wave band Idoli in the 1980s. 
Biography.
Šaper was born in Belgrade in 1958. His family lived in the Vasa Street until they moved to Nevesinjska street in Vračar. He finished the "Sveti Sava" elementary school and the 8th Belgrade high school now known as the 3rd Belgrade high school. During high school he got interested in the work of Carl Jung and his analytical psychology. This was one of the reasons he went to Medical Science University in Belgrade where he met Nebojša Krstić, his future band mate and Boris Tadić former president of Serbia.
In 1979 with his two friends he formed the band Idoli which became one of the most popular bands in former Yugoslavia. Despite the successful studies at the Medical science university, Šaper decided to leave medical studies and turn towards movie directing. He started studying at the Academy of Fine Arts in Belgrade and finished all the studies in a record-period.
When Idoli disbanded in 1984, Šaper worked with Bucko & Tucko, a company which recorded TV commercials, and starred in the "Davitelj protiv davitelja" movie as Spiridon Kopicl. He also worked on the soundtrack and wrote the song "Beogradski davitelj" which he performed with the imaginary band VIS Simboli. In 1987 he recorded "Poslednja mladost u Jugoslaviji" with Nebojša Krstić.
With Nebojša Krstić he joined the Democratic Party in 1990 and in 1993 started working on political campaigns, later with his own company "Idols & Friends" formed in 1995. The following year Nebojša Krstić and Piloti singer Zoran Lesendrić Kiki and he formed Dobrovoljno Pevačko Društvo. The band released only one album "Nedelja na Duhove" and disbanded.
McCann Erickson company opened an office in Belgrade and Šaper became the head of the company for the Balkans territory. He had been doing this job for more than ten years. Šaper now lives in Kursulin Street in Belgrade and is still single.
Musical career.
VIS Dečaci and Idoli.
Šaper became interested in forming a musical group with his friend Nebojša Krstić and at a party during the late 1979 he made a deal with his close high school friend Vlada Divljan to start playing together. Šaper was to play guitar, Krstić was to play guitar and Divljan was to be the drummer. The band was called Dečaci (The Boys). Divljan took them to his apartment building basement where he and his friends kept their instruments and tried playing. Having realized there was no progress, the band was joined by Divljan's friends and neighbors Zdenko Kolar (bass) and Boža Jovanović (drums) with whom he previously played. Krstić and Šaper became percussionists and did the vocals. Since the two wore beards, the band was renamed to Dečaci plus Bradonje (The Boys plus The Bearded). The band was soon renamed to Idoli.
In the meantime Dečaci started working with Dragan Papić, who became the band's media activist and published photos in "Vidici" and "Izgled" youth magazines, but when the band included Zdenko Kolar and Boža Jovanović, whom Papić did not like, Papić stopped working with the band. He did however manage to persuade "Vidici" and "Izgled" to finance the recording of the first single.
Idoli were officially formed on March 1, 1980 at a rehearsal where they wrote some of the most notable songs of that period, including "Retko te viđam sa devojkama" and "Pomoć, pomoć" which appeared on the first single released a month later. The single was labeled as Izgled and appeared with the April issue of "Vidici" magazine. Soon after the band started working on the "Paket aranžman" project which was released in 1981 by Jugoton. In the meantime the band released a new single, "Maljčiki" with a new version of "Retko te viđam sa devojkama". Šaper and Divljan were credited as writers of "Maljčiki". The promotional video for "Maljčiki" was first broadcast on New Year's Eve 1981 in the "Rokenroler" show. The song became a nationwide hit and caused a protest of the Soviet embassy, as the song was a parody on Russian working class.
In 1982 the public was expecting the Idoli debut record which turned out to be a 12" EP called "VIS Idoli". The EP contained six songs including two covers and was a major success as it was sold in about 200.000 copies. The band went on a tour with the band Film). Having finished the tour, during the late 1982, the band started working on the first long play album released in early 1983. The album was called "Odbrana i poslednji dani" and did not become a commercial hit as it was a complex concept album dealing with an anthropological attitude towards Orthodoxy which was a bit of a taboo topic in Yugoslavia at the time. Šaper provided vocals for "Senke su drugačije", "Nemo", "Igrale se delije" and "Odbrana". For this record Šaper played synthesizer and was credited as a partial author.
Since "Odbrana i poslednji dani" was sold only in 50.000 copies which was considered failure, the band had to turn towards a more commercial sound. New album was recorded in London with producer Bob Painter who completely changed the band's style. The album "Čokolada" was the band's greatest success, sold in 350.000 copies which was a record at the time. All songs were written by Divljan, Krstić and Šaper provided lead vocals for "Tiho, tiho", "Bambina" (released on single) and "Udri bogataša". The tour followed the album but, beside successful and sold-out shows, after the Ljubljana concert due to a quarrel, the band ceased to exist.
Šaper participated the recording of the last Idoli release, the "Šest dana juna soundtrack" album where he provided vocals.
Post Idoli career.
In 1986 Šaper with Nebojša Krstić formed a band called Unutrašnja Imperija and recorded the album "Poslednja mladost u Jugoslaviji" released by Jugoton in 1987. The two also performed live at the Zagreb festival in 1987.
In March 1991 Šaper appeared as guest at the Akcija band concert at SKC and performed the song "Beogradski davitelj" from the movie "Davitelj protiv davitelja". The recording of the song is available on bootleg.
In 1995 the two joined by Piloti frontman Kiki Lesendrić formed a supergoup Dobrovoljno Pevačko Društvo. The band went to Budapest and recorded the album in the "Utopia" studio with Hungarian session musicians. on the album also appeared Nenad Stefanović Japanac (bass and guitar), Milan Đurđević (keyboards) and Aleksandra and Kristina Kovač who did the backing vocals. "Nedelja na Duhove" released by Eastfield Music in 1995 was a successful pop rock album. The three members were credited as song authors. Šaper did the vocals on "Sestrice mala", "Arcadia", "Zemlja", "Laura" and "Little Sister", the last two featuring lyrics in English language.
In 1996 both Šaper and Krstić appeared on the Akcija self-titled debut on the track "7 dana". Since then, they have not recorded nor performed live, and in 1999 the songs "Razvod 1999" and "Parada" appeared on the various artists compilation "Rock 'n' roll - "Ravno do dna" i druge, manje-više, čudnovate pjesme (1980-'89)".

</doc>
<doc id="19149035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149035" title="Your Demise">
Your Demise

Your Demise are a hardcore punk band from St Albans, Brighton and Salisbury in the United Kingdom. They began in 2003 and have shared stages and tours world wide with Comeback Kid, Enter Shikari, Parkway Drive, A Day to Remember and Bring Me the Horizon. On 22 September 2008, the band confirmed that they had signed a deal with Visible Noise. The band will play their final gig at The London Underworld on the 15th March 2014, after announcing in 2013 that they would be parting ways in March.
History.
They recorded their Visible Noise debut between 16 November 2008 and 13 January 2009 at Outhouse Studios in Reading, England. The band released their second album "Ignorance Never Dies" in April 2009. The band embarked on a 3 week tour of Europe & UK, starting 20 April 2009, with Deez Nuts, More Than Life and Lower Than Atlantis. The band then signed with Earache Records in North America, and with Shock Records in Australia.
Since the release of "Ignorance Never Dies", the band split from vocalist George Noble and recruited former Centurion frontman Ed McRae. Shortly afterward, Your Demise toured the UK and Europe with Misery Signals in August and September 2009 and then continued to tour Scandinavia with Raised Fist in early October, followed by a European run with The Devil Wears Prada.
The band finished recording their most recent album on 16 June 2010. It was released on 20 September in the UK, Japan & Europe. In the U.S. it was released on 25 October. The album is called "The Kids We Used to Be" and they showcased some of the new songs at Download Festival 2010 and have been playing them on tour since.
On 6 September 2011 the band announced via Facebook that the new album will be called "The Golden Age". On 4 January 2012, the release date was confirmed as 26 March 2012, along with details of guest vocalists.
On 7 February, the band released their new EP Cold Chillin', a 4 track follow up to "The Golden Age", and their first release since parting ways with Visible Noise. Karma was the lead single, which was released as a free download and a video was made for it.
The EP was released on CD via Impericon and a handnumbered 7" through Pinky Swear Records limited to 500 copies over two colourways and alternative artworks.
On 15 April 2013 the band announced, via a YouTube video posted to their Facebook/Twitter page, that they were to break up. The decision was amicable and based on the fact that they felt they had taken the band as far as they believed was possible. The band will "come to an end in March 2014, following a series of farewell performances (details of which will be announced in the near future)." The band have also announced that they will no longer be able to perform their scheduled dates in Mexico, North America and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19149052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149052" title="Communauté d'agglomération d'Hénin-Carvin">
Communauté d'agglomération d'Hénin-Carvin

The Communauté d'agglomération of Hénin-Carvin (CAHC) was created on January 1, 2001 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
It contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19149056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149056" title="Jesús Vega">
Jesús Vega

Jesús Anthony Vega Morales is a former Major League Baseball designated hitter and first baseman. He played parts of three seasons in the major leagues between and , all with the Minnesota Twins.

</doc>
<doc id="19149057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149057" title="Gypsy (Of a Strange and Distant Time)">
Gypsy (Of a Strange and Distant Time)

"Gypsy (Of a Strange and Distant Time)" is a 1969 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues, from their album "To Our Children's Children's Children", a concept album about space travel. Due to its long name, the song is often referred to on compilation albums as simply "Gypsy."
The song lyrics, related to the album's space travel theme, describe a traveller who is "travelling in panic all direction blind, aching for the warmth of a burning sun, freezing in the emptiness of where he'd come from." The lyric suggests that the traveller may never be returning home to earth as he is "Left without a hope of coming home."

</doc>
<doc id="19149059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149059" title="SOI MOSFET">
SOI MOSFET

In electronics, an SOI MOSFET semiconductor device is a silicon on insulator (SOI) MOSFET structure in which a semiconductor layer, e.g. silicon, germanium or the like, is formed above an insulator layer which may be a buried oxide (BOX) layer formed in a semiconductor substrate. SOI MOSFET devices are adapted for use by the computer industry. The buried oxide layer can be used in SRAM memory designs. There are two type of SOI devices: PDSOI (partially depleted SOI) and FDSOI (fully depleted SOI) MOSFETs. For a n-type PDSOI MOSFET the sandwiched p-type film between the gate oxide (GOX) and buried oxide (BOX) is large, so the depletion region can't cover the whole p region. So to some extent PDSOI behaves like bulk MOSFET. Obviously there are some advantages over the bulk MOSFETs. The film is very thin in FDSOI devices so that the depletion region covers the whole film. In FDSOI the front gate (GOX) supports less depletion charges than the bulk so an increase in inversion charges occurs resulting in higher switching speeds. Other drawbacks in bulk MOSFETs, like threshold voltage roll off, higher sub-threshold slop body effect, etc. are reduced in FDSOI since the source and drain electric fields can't interfere due to the BOX. The main problem in PDSOI is the "floating body effect (FBE)" since the film is not connected to any of the supplies.

</doc>
<doc id="19149062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149062" title="Gates Valley">
Gates Valley

The Gates Valley is a valley and group of communities in the Lillooet Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located between the summit of Pemberton Pass and the head of Anderson Lake at the community of D'Arcy. Though the term strictly refers to the valley of the Gates River, it is usually used more in a sense of the communities located in the valley and is not a term used for the river's drainage basin, which is much larger. 
The valley was part of the route of the Douglas Road, which was built during the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush of 1858-1860. 
Birkenhead Lake Provincial Park is accessed from the Gates Valley, via a turnoff up Blackwater Creek near the community of Gates.
The communities of the valley include:

</doc>
<doc id="19149079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149079" title="Danny Earls">
Danny Earls

Daniel Keith "Danny" Earls (born April 22, 1989 in Wicklow) is an Irish footballer who currently plays for the Rochester Rhinos in the USL Pro.
Career.
Europe.
Earls played for Wicklow Rovers A.F.C. and St. Josephs Boys A.F.C. in his native Ireland, before moving to English Premier League club Aston Villa in 2005. Earls never played a senior first team game for Villa, but played extensively for the reserves and captained the team until leaving in 2008.
United States.
In June 2008 Earls left England for the United States when he signed with Rochester Rhinos of the USL First Division. He made his debut with the team in the Rhinos' 2–1 victory over RWB Adria in the 2008 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup on June 10, 2008. On July 29, 2008, he was selected as the USL-1 Player of the Week.
Earls played over 40 games with the Rochester Rhinos in two seasons, before signing with Major League Soccer side Colorado Rapids on February 10, 2010. After one season with Colorado, Earls was traded to Seattle Sounders FC, along with teammate Julien Baudet, on November 22, 2010. 
Earls was waived by Seattle on March 1, 2011. He subsequently resumed training with Colorado and signed with the Rapids on March 30, 2011.
Colorado confirmed on January 17, 2012 that Earls would not return for the 2012 season. On April 3, 2012, Rochester Rhinos announced that the club signed Earls to a one-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="19149080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149080" title="Chinese Taipei at the Paralympics">
Chinese Taipei at the Paralympics

The Republic of China (ROC) competes as Chinese Taipei at the Paralympic Games. The ROC first participated at the Summer Paralympic Games in 1992 and has competed in every summer games since then. The nation has never participated in the Winter Paralympic Games. Chinese Taipei has a special Paralympic flag which it uses during the games.

</doc>
<doc id="19149088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149088" title="Keladi Kanmani">
Keladi Kanmani

Keladi Kanmani (; ) is a 1990 Tamil film directed by Vasanth, starring noted playback singer SP Balasubrahmanyam and Radhika Sarathkumar. The film was a blockbuster and completed a 206-day run at the box office.
Plot.
The film opens with a bus carrying a group of college students for a trip. Among the students are Anu (Anju) and her girlfriends. The bus is stopped by some masked bandits. They forcibly enter the bus and demand that Anu should kiss their leader Sashi (Ramesh Arvind); otherwise, they will kill everyone on board. This is subsequently revealed to be a ruse: Sashi is in fact a fellow college student trying to win Anju's affection.
For a few days after, Sashi and Anju play various pranks on each other. Anju eventually admits her affection for Sashi and they begin a courtship. All seems to proceed well, except that Anju is strangely melancholic from time to time; she repeats to Sashi that she senses an imminent danger to their relationship, although she is unable to pinpoint what the threat or describe why it may materialize so soon.
Some things are revealed when Anju begins to get sharp headaches from time to time. Her father, A. R. Rangaraj (SP Balasubrahmanyam), a quiet widower, tries to help her, but is not able to get to the bottom of the matter. A. R. Rangaraj (known to his friends as ARR) is a gentle old man who has devoted the greater part of his life to his daughter. Things come to a head when, on her 18th birthday, Anu visits her doctor who confirms she has bilateral renal artery stenosis and is almost certain to succumb within a year. She may require an operation within that time, but the likelihood of her coming through it alive is minimal. Anu requests the doctor to keep it between them (and, in particular, not inform her father to avoid deeply saddening him). However, unbeknownst to Anu, her father discovers it by accident when the local pharmacist sends some prescription drugs through him.
When Anu discusses the matter with Sashi, he expresses his support in spite of his grave sadness (in proportion to his love for her). Anu reveals a thread from her past that may explain her melancholic mood.
The film flashes back to several years before, when ARR had a happy family. Anu, then five or six, attended school; ARR handled his job and his loving wife managed the home. Tragedy struck when they lost his wife to an illness. Anu took this particularly hard. Yet, ARR tried to help cope with it somehow and move on. Some time thereafter, ARR met Sharada (Radhika) at a wedding. Sometime thereafter, ARR sought a tutor for young Anu, and Sharada happened to take the position. The friendship evolved into a courtship, to the point where ARR was about to propose marriage. (During the courtship, ARR sang the song " Mannil indha kaadhal " to Sharada. He cheekily prefaced the song with the admission that while he may not be a talented singer, he can certainly hold a tune; and to verify his claim, he proposed to sing the entire song in one breath. Sharada was truly impressed.) As time went on, Sharada realized her own bindings. Both her parents were deaf-mute, and she was the only way they could communicate with the rest of the world, this left her torn between her filial duty and her personal aspirations. Things were worsened when Anu experienced feelings of motherly yearning and was simply unable to accept Sharada (or anyone else for that matter) in the role of a mother. Sharada is bewildered and ultimately frustrated by all this. And in spite of ARR's assurances that they can work it out, she refused his proposal and moved to Bangalore to take a position as a schoolteacher. Since that time, Anu has been plagued by guilt for her part in the breakup.
The doctors pronounce a date and time for the unavoidable operation. Anu takes this with stoic grief, and asks Sashi for one last thing: to find Sharada and attempt to reunite her with ARR. They find an old picture of Sharada, and Sashi recognizes her as the woman he had met in Bangalore a few weeks ago. He sets off on a frantic hunt for Sharada. On the day of the operation, Sharada happens to be in Chennai en route to a training event in the USA. After a tricky set of near-misses, Sashi is able to locate her in the nick of time, and bring her to Anu and ARR moments before Anu gets anaesthetized.
The film ends with Anu going for one last ride with Sashi on his motorbike.

</doc>
<doc id="19149108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149108" title="National Council of Women of Canada">
National Council of Women of Canada

The National Council of Women of Canada (NCWC, , (CNFC)) is a Canadian advocacy organization based in Ottawa aimed at improving conditions for women, families, and communities. A federation of nationally-organized societies of men and women and local and provincial councils of women, it is the Canadian member of the International Council of Women (ICW). The Council has concerned itself in areas including women's suffrage, immigration, health care, education, mass media, the environment, and many others. Formed on October 27, 1857 in Toronto, Ontario, it is one of the oldest advocacy organizations in the country. Lady Aberdeen was elected the first president of the National Council of Women of Canada in 1893. Prominent Council leaders included Lady Gzowski, Dr. Augusta Stowe-Gullen, and Adelaide Hoodless.
Founding.
The International Council of Women was founded in 1888 in Washington D.C., United States. By May 1893, the IWC World's Congress of Representative Women had met in Chicago and discussed creating a Canadian Council. The Council formally began its existence on October 27 at a public meeting at the Horticultural Pavilion of the Allen Gardens in Toronto. Over 1,500 women attended the meeting, which was chaired by Lady Aberdeen, wife of then-Governor General John Campbell Hamilton-Gordon, 7th Earl of Aberdeen. Lady Aberdeen served as the Council's first president until her resignation in 1899; she was succeeded by Lady Taylor.
Activities.
The Council serves an advisory role on issues based on existing organization policy. New policies are proposed as resolutions, which are developed through grassroots discussions on the local and provincial scale and are then debated and voted upon. If they are accepted, they become policies. The organization then creates briefs (formal papers based on policy), which suggest a course of action and are submitted to an official body, such as a government.
The organization has sent representatives to government boards and international bodies such as the League of Nations. The Council played a key role in creating the Victorian Order of Nurses, the Children's Aid Society, and the Canadian Association of Consumers. It has also played a role in developing the Women's Bureau of Labour Canada, the Federal Bureau on Ageing, and supported the call for the Royal Commission on the Status of Women, which created the Canadian Advisory Council on the Status of Women.
The Council's major cause 1894-1918 was its fight to upgrade the status of women, without seeking the vote. It promoted a vision of "transcendent citizenship" for women. The ballot was not needed, for citizenship was to be exercised through personal influence and moral suasion, through the election of men with strong moral character, and through raising public-spirited sons. The National Council position was integrated into its nation-building program that sought to uphold Canada as a White settler nation. While the woman suffrage movement was important for extending the political rights of White women, it was also authorized through race-based arguments that linked White women's enfranchisement to the need to protect the nation from "racial degeneration."
In 1918, the federal government granted women the right to vote in federal elections. In 1929, The Famous Five won "Edwards v. Canada (Attorney General)", commonly known as the "Persons case", which determined that women were "persons". Three of The Five were active members of the NCWC, and the NCWC played a vital role in winning the case.
Other causes include child welfare measures such as preventing child abuse, and encouraging education and good health care. General health measures include pasteurization, clean water, and medical inspections in schools. The Council has also fought controversial battles, such as broadening the grounds for divorce, wider availability of birth control information, removing abortion from the Criminal Code, and programs to protect and rehabilitate prostitutes.
The organization holds Consultative Status (II) with the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC).
Notable members.
Several members of the Council have played prominent roles in Canadian history. Augusta Stowe-Gullen, one of the Society's founding members, was the first woman to earn a medical degree in Canada and was an important figure in the women's suffrage movement. President Winnifred Kydd was a delegate to the League of Nations, and in 1930, Cairine Wilson of the Ottawa Council became the first woman to be appointed to the Senate. Each of The Famous Five (Emily Murphy, Irene Parlby, Nellie McClung, Louise McKinney, Henrietta Edwards) were members in the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19149117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149117" title="Picture City, Florida">
Picture City, Florida

During the land boom of the 1920s, elaborate plans were announced for Hobe Sound, Florida, by the Olympia Improvement Corporation. Its goal was to create a town, in Greek style, where motion pictures could be produced. Street names bore the Greek theme with names such as Zeus, Saturn, Mercury, Mars, Olympus, Pluto and Athena. For a brief time Hobe Sound was renamed "Picture City" and plans were presented for a movie picture production center, very similar to Hollywood, California. The boom collapsed after the 1928 Okeechobee hurricane and the original name was restored. Street names remained, however, as did the concrete streetlight posts along Dixie Highway.
In 1924, the building which soon would become the new schoolhouse in Hobe Sound was constructed. The Martin County Board of Public Instruction secured the use of the new school building from the Picture City Corporation in 1925, and in October of that year, the Olympia School opened. The school was designated the “Picture City School” of Martin County. It remained in use as a school until 1962. There is currently local interest in restoring the school, now known as the Apollo School.
Other mementos of the past are gone, including the ice plant, which was south of Bridge Road, and the old train station, which now, refurbished and relocated west of Hobe Sound, serves as an office building for Becker Groves and the Texaco station east of the Winn-Dixie plaza.

</doc>
<doc id="19149138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149138" title="Hornelen">
Hornelen

Hornelen is a mountain in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. The mountain sits on the eastern end of the island of Bremangerlandet, along the Frøysjøen strait, in the Nordfjord region of Norway. At , it is the highest sea cliff in Europe, and has for a long time been used as a landmark for naval navigation. It is a 4-hour hike to the summit from Berleneset (across the small fjord from the village of Berle).
The horizontal distance from the summit to the sea is approximately . Approximately to the west of the cliffside is the highest point on the island Bremangerlandet, called Svartevassegga which has an elevation of . The rock in Hornelen consists of sandstone of Devonian age, and it constitutes an important part of the geology of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19149145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149145" title="NCWC">
NCWC

NCWC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19149149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149149" title="Leroy-Ostrander High School">
Leroy-Ostrander High School

LeRoy-Ostrander High School is a high school in southeastern Minnesota located in the town of Le Roy, Minnesota. LeRoy-Ostrander serves 305 students K-12. Steve Sallee is the current superintendent and Aaron Hungerholt is the principal.

</doc>
<doc id="19149166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149166" title="When Love Finds You">
When Love Finds You

When Love Finds You is the seventh studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1994 on MCA Nashville Records. It features the singles "Whenever You Come Around," "What the Cowgirls Do," "When Love Finds You," "Which Bridge to Cross (Which Bridge to Burn)," "You Better Think Twice" and "Go Rest High on That Mountain."
Track listing (European Version).
1 Produced by Tony Brown & Don Was - From Rhythm, Country and Blues
2 From 

</doc>
<doc id="19149205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149205" title="Back on Track (Overload album)">
Back on Track (Overload album)

Back On Track is a music album by the Swedish Heavy Metal band Overload. It was recorded 1994-1995 and it was released 2006. The album was produced by Overload and Bror Törnell.

</doc>
<doc id="19149206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149206" title="Exit Speed">
Exit Speed

Exit Speed is an action-drama film by Sabbatical Pictures. The film was directed by Scott Ziehl, and stars Desmond Harrington, Julie Mond, Lea Thompson, Alice Greczyn, David Rees Snell and Fred Ward. This 90 minute action film was shown in Cannes in 2008. The film was made in the Dallas, Texas area, where it premiered. It was released to theaters in the Southwest in September 2008.
Plot.
In Texas, Sergeant Archie Sparks (Fred Ward), an MP, has finally caught up with AWOL Corporal Meredith Cole (Julie Mond), who was accused of assaulting a commanding officer. Archie turns his back on Meredith for just a second, and there she goes off and running again.
Cole finds herself on an American Auto Coach bus on her way to El Paso, along with an eclectic group of passengers all geared up for an uneventful ride, that is until the bus passes a group of meth-addicted, nomadic bikers who taunt the passengers by doing all kinds of motorcycle stunts all around the bus.
Before long, one of the bikers makes a mistake and ends up under the wheels of the bus, and the rest of the bikers want revenge. The driver, Danny Gunn (David Rees Snell) stops the bus to help, and when Danny gets out, one of the bikers kills Danny. Stray shots from the biker also wound Meredith and passenger Joey Ryan (Danielle Beacham).
Another passenger, Jerry Yarbro (Gregory Jbara), a high school football coach who was accused of assaulting a student, retrieves the biker's weapon, while Walter Lindley (Wally White), another passenger, retrieves Danny's keys. The surviving passengers drive away in the bus in an effort to get away from the bikers. As they flee down the highway, Joey dies from her injuries.
The rest of the passengers include single mother Maudie McMinn (Lea Thompson), moody, wayward father Sam Cutter (Desmond Harrington), tough woman Desiree (Kelli Dawn Hancock), her extremely skittish boyfriend Duke (Nick Sowell), Annabel Drake (Alice Greczyn) a vegan who happens to be a competitive archer, and Ramon Vargas (Everett Sifuentes) a Spanish-speaking electrician.
At Jerry's insistence, they take the bus down a side road. The bikers force the bus off the road at an abandoned junkyard, where the bus crashes, killing Walter. The passengers build a makeshift bunker that the bikers surround. And Jerry, who seems to have anger management issues, still has the gun. The group is now on the defensive against the vengeful bikers. But they realize that in order to survive, they must go on the offensive and fight back against the bikers.
That evening, they make a plan to hold out in the junkyard while Maudie, (a marathoner), crosses 20 miles of desert to reach the nearest town for help. As the remaining survivors fight back with captured guns, Annabel's target bow, and Ramon's jury-rigged cannon, Maudie gets away from the compound. Maudie meets up with Archie, and they kill some of the bikers.
The two make it back to the compound during the middle of the confrontation, in which the remaining bikers injure Ramon and kill Duke, Desiree, and Jerry. After the remaining bikers are killed, the survivors—Sam, Meredith, Annabel, and Ramon—are driven to the nearest town by Maudie and Archie.
Later, at a hospital, Maudie reunites with her daughters, and Meredith again evades the army, this time with Archie's help. Meredith joins Sam and Annabel as they head back out on the road in a minivan.

</doc>
<doc id="19149217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149217" title="Jeet (actor)">
Jeet (actor)

Jeet () (born Jeetendra Madnani on 30 November 1978) is a Bengali film actor, producer and television presenter from Kolkata, India. Jeet began his acting career in 2002 with the film Saathi directed by Haranath Chakraborty, where he played the lead role for which he received the BFJA - Most Promising Actor Award for his performance in "Saathi" (2002). Followed by films Champion (2003), Naater Guru (2003), Shongee (2003), Premi (2004), Bondhon (2004), Juddho (2005), Hero (2006), Neel Akaser Chadni (2009), Wanted (2010), Josh (2010), Dui Prithibi (2010), Fighter (2011), Shotru (2011), 100% Love (2012), Awara (2012), Deewana (2013), Boss (2013), he has established himself as one of the biggest superstars in Tollywood.
Early life.
As a child he studied at St. Joseph & Mary's School, New Alipore later in National High School, Hazra Road and completed his graduation from the Bhawanipur Education Society College of the University of Calcutta. However, his academic life was interrupted soon after for joining his family business. Nevertheless, he had a renewed interest for Creative Art since his early days. He enjoyed watching dramas and movies. Sometimes he would try the styles and mannerisms of leading stars on himself. His friends insisted him to try his luck in Creative World.
Career.
Jeet started with modelling assignments and then shifted to serials like "Bishabriksha" in 1994-95 directed by Bishnu Palchaudhuri in which he played Taracharan, Janani by Bishnu Palchaudhuri in which he played Anil and Daughters Of The Century by Tapan Sinha in which he was cast in the roles of Champiya and Kadambini. In order to pursue a career in acting, Jeet left for Mumbai. He stayed there for five years without getting the breakthrough that he was looking for.
In a vacation back in Kolkata, he started meeting directors and producers. In the meanwhile, to pursue his acting, he became associated with an organization called the Prosenium Art Centre. It was at this time that he acted in two English dramas - 'Arms And The Man' and 'Man At The Floor'. Thereafter he left for Mumbai again. He started giving regular auditions over there. In this process he came to meet a producer from South India who cast him in the Telugu film "Chandu", which was released in 2001. However, the film did not manage to garner him the kind of plaudits he needed to increase his acting cache in a dramatic manner.
In October 2001 when he was back to Kolkata once again he suddenly he received a call from Haranath Chakraborty to come up and meet him at NT1 Studio. The shooting of "Sathi" commenced from 15 January 2002 and with that film Jeet made a big splash on Bengali screen. The film created box office records.
The youth of Bengal went crazy with the new avatar of a Bengali hero. Jeet's simple yet powerful acting appealed across masses. Though initially he mainly played romantic characters, he soon expanded his acting skills and successfully transformed into an action hero. In 2005, a special Durja Puja campaign of "Thums Up" launched Jeet as their brand ambassador in West Bengal. The ad was enormously popular in regional channels and remains one of the most loved Bengali ads to date. However, Jeet was not a newbee to ads. A relatively small budget ad of a regional brand of men's innerwear had jeet in the lead. That was in the mid-1990s. The ad showed him in a not-so-prevalent-then sexy macho masculine avatar, together with a raunchy female model on a bike. The ad still remains a remembered ad for its outrageous appeal during those days. In 2012 he became a successful producer with his Blockbuster hit movie named "100% Love". His second film in 2012 was "Awara", which has broken all the records in the history of Bengali cinema. His next project was "Boss" with Subhasree Ganguly which in turn is a remake of Telugu superstar Mahesh Babu's blockbuster movie "Businessman (film)" and was released in 2013. The film is directed by Baba Yadav under the banner of Reliance Entertainment and is declared highest hit at box office.But later the record was surpassed by his best rival Dev's Rangbaaz Now he will pack with boss's team for making the movie Game which is going to be a remake of tamil action thiller Thuppakki.
Personal life.
Jeet married Mohana Ratlani, a school teacher from Lucknow on 24 January 2011. He became the father of a baby girl on December 12, 2012. His baby's name is Navanya.
Special appearances.
Jeet has had special appearances in some Bengali films.
He did special appearance as himself in Chore Chore Mastuto Bhai, and in Srijit Mukherji's Hemlock Society and in Notobar Not out
Most favourable pairs.
Jeet and Koel Mullick
Jeet and Srabanti

</doc>
<doc id="19149218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149218" title="Michael Hough (politician)">
Michael Hough (politician)

Michael Hough (born November 4, 1979) serves in the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 3B, which covers portions of Frederick and Washington Counties. He was the former chairman and served on the Frederick County Republican Central Committee. Hough is also the former president of the Maryland Republican Assembly. He is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council, ALEC, serving as Maryland state leader.
Education.
Hough received a Bachelors Degree in Political Science from Towson University.
Career.
Hough served in the United States Air Force as a Minuteman III Missile technician; he was stationed at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Cheyenne, Wyoming. Michael previously served as the legislative aide to Maryland State Senator Alex X. Mooney. He was also the campaign manager for Sen. Mooney's successful re-election campaign. In 2006, Hough ran for and won a position on the Frederick County Republican Central Committee. In March 2008, Hough filed to necessary paperwork to run for the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 3B.

</doc>
<doc id="19149221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149221" title="Dan McCarthy (JAG)">
Dan McCarthy (JAG)

Dan McCarthy is a captain in the United States Navy and one of around 730 lawyers who are members of the Judge Advocate General's Corps of the United States Navy. He was educated at the Duke University School of Law. McCarthy has been involved with the military commissions at Guantanamo Bay detention camp where over 250 suspected Enemy combatants and terrorists are being held to await trial. 
He is chief prosecutor of the Judge Advocate General's Corps of the United States Navy at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base. McCarthy is also the one who introduced Ex parte Quirin to Lieutenant Commander Charles Swift which would become bases for the military tribunals at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. While Lieutenant Commander Charles Swift was at the base McCarthy was his supervisor and close friend.

</doc>
<doc id="19149222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149222" title="Hamilton by-election, 1978">
Hamilton by-election, 1978

There was a by-election for the United Kingdom House of Commons in Hamilton on Wednesday 31 May 1978. It was caused by the death of the incumbent Labour Party Member of Parliament Alex Wilson on 23 March of that year.
The by-election was the last in the UK to date not held on a Thursday. This was because the opening game of the 1978 FIFA World Cup was on Thursday 1 June.
The Labour candidate was George Robertson, who defeated a strong SNP candidate Margo MacDonald, with an increased majority.
It was one of a series of significant Labour victories over the SNP in 1978 which halted their rise at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="19149227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149227" title="Bertil Haase">
Bertil Haase

Bertil Robert Herman Haase Vidarsson (born 5 June 1923) is a former Swedish modern pentathlete. He competed at both Olympic Winter and Summer Games. He was born in Uppsala.
Hasse joined the Swedish Army as a volunteer and attended military school as a Furir (Private First Class), where he went on to intensify his sporting activities. He later quit the army as a Kapten.
Together with Claes Egnell, Willie Grut and Gustaf Lindh he competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics in the Winter Pentathlon. As an excellent skier, he won both the downhill and the 10 km cross country disciplines, but was not among the first in shooting, fencing and horse riding. He finished third overall and won the bronze medal. Fellow countrymen Lindh and Grut took the first and second place respectively.
Since the winter pentathlon would have no other appearances at the Olympic Games, Haase turned to the modern pentathlon. He was nominated for the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne and appeared in modern pentathlon. In the individual event, he finished seventeenth. In the team event Sweden was the favourite and Haase competed together with the individual Olympic champion, Lars Hall, and Björn Thofelt. In the initial horse riding event Thofelt had drawn the lot for a very peculiar horse and eventually suffered from a concussion, after he fell off twice with the saddle turning around the horse's back and had to withdraw. Due to his retirement the Swedish team was not ranked and Haase was denied the chance for a second Olympic medal.
Hasse was also successful at the World Championships. He secured the title in the team event in 1950 in Bern, Switzerland with Lars Hall and Thor Henning. In 1954 in Budapest he placed third with Åke Julin and Thofelt.
Haase's home club was "Studenternas Idrottsförening Stockholm". He completed an engineering study at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm with a focus on metallurgical and then worked in the metallurgical industry in Fagersta, where he resides as of 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19149229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149229" title="Kitimat River">
Kitimat River

The Kitimat River is a river in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Its drainage basin is in size. The river is named after the original First Nations inhabitants of the river valley, the Gitamaat, which means "people of the snow" in the Tsimshian language.
Course.
The Kitimat River flows generally south into Kitimat Arm at the head of Douglas Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19149230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149230" title="Poetic Hustla'z">
Poetic Hustla'z

Poetic Hustla'z was an American rap group from Cleveland, Ohio with three members: Boogie Nikke, Tony Tone and Mo! Hart. They first appeared together on the Bone Thugs-N-Harmony song "Shotz To Tha Double Glock" from the album E. 1999 Eternal in 1995. They released their debut album, "Trials & Tribulations", in 1997 on Ruthless Records.
Background.
Soon after Bone Thugs-N-Harmony became a multi-platinum success story, they began looking for home-grown Cleveland talent to sign to their label, Mo Thugs Records. The first in the family was Poetic Hustla'z, formed by Mo! Hart, Tony Tone, and Boogy Nikke. Boogy Nikke appeared on the Intro of B.O.N.E. Enterpri$e (Bone Thugs-N-Harmony) album "Faces of Death." As a trio they first appeared in 1995 on the song "Shotz To Tha Double Glock" from Bone Thugs-N-Harmony's album E. 1999 Eternal, and later on the Mo Thugs Family all-star project album "Family Scriptures" in 1996, then recorded their debut album, "Trials & Tribulations", for release in November 1997.
"Trials & Tribulations" peaked at number 96 on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Along with singles, music videos were released for two songs: "Trials & Tribulations" and "Day & Night" featuring Layzie Bone. The video for "Trials & Tribulations" features cameo appearances by Bizzy Bone and Flesh-n-Bone.

</doc>
<doc id="19149231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149231" title="West Sussex County Council election, 2009">
West Sussex County Council election, 2009

The West Sussex Council election, 2009 were elections to West Sussex County Council which took place on 4 June 2009, having been delayed from 7 May, in order to coincide with elections to the European Parliament.
The elections saw the Conservative Party retain overall control, having done so since 1997. On this occasion they gained two seats and saw their vote share increase by just over 5%. The Liberal Democrats strengthened their position as the main opposition party, gaining a net total of four seats, despite their own share of the vote falling by nearly 4%. The Labour Party lost five of the seven seats they had held before the election, and saw their vote fall by nearly 10%, broadly in line with their national decline. This decline saw the party fall to fourth place in the county in terms of the popular vote, being replaced in third by the UK Independence Party, who are likely to have benefited by voting being held alongside the European parliament elections.
Results by division.
The elections were the first to be fought on new electoral divisions as recommended by the Boundary Committee for England following a review, carried out at the request of West Sussex County Council. The new arrangement of 71 single-member divisions replaced the 70 seats that were contested across 62 divisions in 2005. The recommendations were accepted by the Electoral Commission in February 2009, who implemented the legal order authorising the change and allowing the new divisions to be used in these elections on 6 March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19149235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149235" title="Communauté d'agglomération de Saint-Omer">
Communauté d'agglomération de Saint-Omer

The Communauté d'agglomération of Saint-Omer (CASO) was created on January 1, 2001 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
It comprises the following 19 communes.

</doc>
<doc id="19149238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149238" title="Angelica callii">
Angelica callii

Angelica callii is an uncommon species of angelica known as Call's angelica. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada of California, where it grows by forest streams. 
This is a taprooted perennial herb producing a rough, hollow, erect stem to heights between 1 and 2 meters. The leaves are made up of highly dissected toothed leaflets each up to 13 centimeters. The inflorescence is a compound umbel with up to 50 rays bearing clusters of hairy flowers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19149254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149254" title="Bulgaria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Bulgaria at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Bulgaria competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Competing athletes.
Powerlifting.
Sydney 2000 Paralympic champion Ivanka Koleva competed in 2 track and field events, as well as in powerlifting.
Officials.
The "chef de mission" was Bulgarian NPC President Ilya Lalov.

</doc>
<doc id="19149258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149258" title="What I Cannot Change">
What I Cannot Change

"What I Cannot Change" is a song written by Darrell Brown, and co-written and recorded by American country artist LeAnn Rimes. It was released in August 2008 as the third and final single from her twelfth studio album, ""Family"."
The single received a nomination for Best Female Country Vocal Performance from the Grammy awards in December 2008.
The song was also used in the 2010 release of the film, "Like Dandelion Dust".
Content.
"What I Cannot Change" is a ballad, revealing examination of love relationships and choosing acceptance instead of conflict.
Critical reception.
"Billboard.com" reviewed the song following its release. The song's reviewer, Deborah Evans Price called the song, "a gorgeous ballad washes over the soul with a wisdom and truth that is powerful and potentially life-changing."
"Country Universe.net" also praised "What I Cannot Change," calling the ballad, "the finest single of LeAnn Rimes’ career."
"The 9513" also reviewed the single and praised Rimes's vocal performance, calling her vocals, "a tremendously sensitive vocal performance that is easily one of the most nuanced of Rimes’ career."
Track listings.
US Mixes EP November 18, 2008
US Mixes EP November 18, 2008
What I Cannot Change Exclusive CD Released with the book of the same name by LeAnn Rimes and Darrell Brown
Promo CD single
Chart performance.
"What I Cannot Change" failed to chart the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart after being released to radio in August 2008. A few months later however, the song was given several electronic dance music remixes and debuted on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart in late 2008. On the week of February 28, 2009, "What I Can't Change" reached number one on that chart. With the song, Rimes became the first country music artist to have topped both the "Billboard" country chart and the "Billboard" dance chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19149263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149263" title="Difference of Opinion (album)">
Difference of Opinion (album)

Difference Of Opinion is a music album by the Swedish Heavy Metal band Overload. It was released 1993. The album was produced by Overload and Bror Törnell.

</doc>
<doc id="19149265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149265" title="ROckWrok">
ROckWrok

"ROckWrok" is a single by the post-punk band Ultravox!, released on 7 October 1977 by Island Records. It was the last British non-free single (the next, "Quirks", came free along initial copies of the album) released from the "Ha! Ha! Ha!" album and featuring Stevie Shears as guitarist. The next non-free single was "Frozen Ones", released only in Germany shortly afterwards.
"ROckWrok" features a punk sound derived from Warren Cann's drums and Stevie Shears' guitar alongside John Foxx's hard vocals. It was regularly performed live until Ultravox's U.S. and Canadian tour in 1979, when John Foxx decided to go solo.
The B-side is an early version or demo, or alternate version of "Hiroshima Mon Amour" (named after the famous French movie), written by John Foxx and Billy Currie. It has a punkier sound than the album version of the song. A third version of the song was performed live on the Old Grey Whistle Test the next year, with Robin Simon replacing Shears as guitarist; it was quieter than the "ROckWrok" single version but maintained the rock style, also differing from the synthpop oriented version on "Ha!-Ha!-Ha!".
This single, like all the "Ha!-Ha!-Ha!"-era releases, didn't perform well in the charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19149310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149310" title="Comeback (film)">
Comeback (film)

Comeback is a 1982 semi-autobiographical film starring Eric Burdon, an English singer-songwriter best known as a member and vocalist of rock band The Animals, and the funk rock band War and for his aggressive stage performance. It was shot first in Los Angeles then in Berlin. Some time after release, MGM released the film on VHS.
A soundtrack to the movie was also released in 1982, "Comeback".

</doc>
<doc id="19149318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149318" title="Le braghe del padrone">
Le braghe del padrone

Le braghe del padrone is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini and starring Enrico Montesano.

</doc>
<doc id="19149323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149323" title="Angelica genuflexa">
Angelica genuflexa

Angelica genuflexa is a species of angelica known as kneeling angelica. It is native to northwestern North America from Alaska to northern California, where it grows in moist areas in coniferous forests such as streambanks. This is a taprooted perennial herb producing an erect, hollow stem to heights between 1 and 2 meters. The leaves are up to 80 centimeters long and are made up of many dissected, toothed leaflets, each up to 10 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a compound umbel of up to 50 rays bearing clusters of small flowers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19149326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149326" title="Roland Walker">
Roland Walker

Roland Walker is a a trained Journalist and marketing Communications person from Ghana. 
He has reported widely on issues of the environment, health and governance in the Ghanaian media. He has also travelled across West Africa to cover stories on tourism. He worked with a free-to-air private station, TV3, in the capital, Accra.
He has had stints with cable network, Multi TV in Ghana, hosting the AM Show on the channel.
Specialisation.
Roland Walker has specialised in production of documentaries on education, child rights and other issues of national concern.
He has acted as a fixer for the BBC, DW TV, VDF - Germany, CBS and ESPN

</doc>
<doc id="19149332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149332" title="The Get Up Kids / Braid">
The Get Up Kids / Braid

"Post Marked Stamps No. 4" is a split EP between Kansas City, Missouri band The Get Up Kids and Chicago, Illinois group Braid. The album is the fourth in the "Post Marked Stamps" series, a set of nine split EPs between various bands put out by Tree Records in 1997. There were 2 different pressings of the album; One distributed in the United States, and another sold in Europe during the band's joint European tour. Each song was recorded separately, with "I'm a Loner Dottie, a Rebel" recorded at Red House Studios in Eudora, Kansas, and "Forever Got Shorter" recorded at Private Studios in Urbana, Illinois. The set included a sealed envelope that contained three postcards; One postcard for each song, including recording information and lyrics, and a third featuring poetry by Vigue Martin.
Personnel.
The Get Up Kids
Braid

</doc>
<doc id="19149336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149336" title="DeMar DeRozan">
DeMar DeRozan

DeMar Darnell DeRozan (born August 7, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Toronto Raptors in the National Basketball Association (NBA). DeRozan played college basketball at USC for the Trojans. He was selected 9th overall by the Raptors in the 2009 NBA Draft. In 2014 he was selected to play for the All-Star team as a reserve.
Early life.
DeRozan was born in Compton, California to parents Frank and Diane DeRozan.
High school career.
DeRozan attended Compton High School and was ranked as one of the top college recruits in the nation from the class of 2008. He was ranked #3 in the nation by Rivals.com and #6 by Scout.com.
He played on the varsity basketball team for all four years of high school. As a freshman, he averaged 26.1 points and 8.4 rebounds. During his sophomore year, he averaged 22.6 points and 8.4 rebounds, while as a junior he averaged 22.3 points, 7.8 rebounds, 3.0 assists, and 3.2 steals.
As a senior averaging 29.2 ppg and 7.9 rpg, DeRozan led Compton High School to a 26-6 record, a second consecutive Moore League championship and the CIF Division IAA Southern Section quarter-finals. For his efforts he was awarded the Moore League Most Valuable Player Award and named to the California All-State team. DeRozan was a member of the 2008 McDonald's All-American Team, and also won the 2008 McDonald's All-American Slam Dunk Competition. He was also invited to play in the 2008 Jordan Brand Classic at Madison Square Garden and the Nike Hoop Summit, where he scored a team-high 17 points. DeRozan's achievements on the court in his senior year saw him earn First Team Parade All-America honors and First Team Best in the West honors.
College career.
In November 2007 DeRozan signed a letter of intent to play basketball at USC. He chose USC over Arizona State and North Carolina, deciding to join his friend, musician-actor-basketball player Romeo Miller, to play for the Trojans.
In his first game for the Trojans, DeRozan scored a team-high 21 points with seven rebounds in an exhibition game against Azusa Pacific; an 85–64 victory at the Galen Center. DeRozan had 14 points in his first career regular season game in a win over UC Irvine. He scored 21 points along with a career-high 13 rebounds against UCLA in the Pac-10 Tournament semifinals, before scoring a career-high 22 points on 10-for-16 shooting to lead his team to a 61-49 win over Arizona State in the Pac-10 Tournament final. His efforts in the tournament saw him earn First Team Pac-10 All-Freshman honors in addition to being named Pac-10 Tournament MVP.
DeRozan started all 35 season games for the Trojans, scoring in double figures 28 times and posting four double-doubles. He ranked third on team in points (13.9 ppg), second in rebounds (5.7 rpg), third in assists (1.5 apg), and second in field-goal percentage (.523, eighth-best in conference). DeRozan followed his regular-season efforts by averaging 19.8 points in USC's five postseason games. His 485 points ranks third all-time and his 201 rebounds is fourth all-time for a USC freshman.
NBA career.
Toronto Raptors.
On April 8, 2009, DeRozan announced he would enter the 2009 NBA Draft and forgo his final three years of eligibility at USC. On June 25, 2009, DeRozan was selected ninth overall by the Toronto Raptors in the 2009 NBA Draft. He stated that part of the reason he left for the NBA after only one year at USC was to help take better care of his mother, who suffers from lupus. On July 9, 2009, DeRozan was signed to a rookie scale contract by the Raptors. As the fourth contestant in the 2010 Sprite Slam Dunk Competition, DeRozan lost in the final round against three time champion Nate Robinson. The final percentage was 51% to 49%. DeRozan was selected to compete for the 2011 Sprite Slam Dunk Competition as a replacement for Bucks' guard Brandon Jennings due to his foot injury. He finished in third place.
On January 22, 2014, DeRozan scored a career high of 40 points against the Dallas Mavericks. On January 30, 2014, DeMar DeRozan was selected for the 2014 NBA All-Star Game as a reserve guard for the eastern conference All-Star team. On February 1, 2014, DeRozan had a career high 12 assists in a game against the Portland Trail Blazers.
NBA career statistics.
"Correct as of February 17, 2014"
Awards and honors.
Personal Life.
Derozan's daughter, Diar, was born on May 12, 2013. He and his family currently reside in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="19149350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149350" title="Ouelle River">
Ouelle River

The Ouelle River flows through the towns of Saint-Pacôme and Rivière-Ouelle in Québec.

</doc>
<doc id="19149357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149357" title="My Computer (band)">
My Computer (band)

My Computer are an indie pop band from Manchester, England. Formed by Andrew Chester and David Luke, their music has been described as "a bold, fearless approach to pop music", "bleak at times", and "a perfect snapshot of modern British life". Their second album, "No CV" (2005, Gut), was produced by John Leckie.

</doc>
<doc id="19149360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149360" title="Communauté de communes du Montreuillois">
Communauté de communes du Montreuillois

The communauté de communes du Montreuillois was created on July 12, 1999 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
It comprises the following 21 communes.

</doc>
<doc id="19149362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149362" title="Williams Street Records">
Williams Street Records

Williams Street Records, LLC is an independent record company based in Atlanta, Georgia. It is a joint venture of Williams Street Studios (a division of Turner Broadcasting System, which is in turn owned by Time Warner) and Warner Music Group (Time Warner's former record company) and it is distributed through Alternative Distribution Alliance. Under that label, they have released original works of music, some of which are related to their shows on Adult Swim. The label is run by founder Jason DeMarco. 
In February 2007 (the same year the record label was founded), Williams Street and Adult Swim teamed up with the independent hip-hop label Definitive Jux to produce an animated video for El-P's track "Flyentology" and release a compilation album titled "Definitive Swim" for free download, featuring tracks from most of the label's artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19149368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149368" title="Gallia (novel)">
Gallia (novel)

Gallia is an 1895 novel written by Ménie Muriel Dowie. It is usually categorised as a New Woman novel.
Plot introduction.
Set mainly in 1890s London and rural Surrey, "Gallia" is about a conventional aristocratic family with an unconventional daughter, who is the eponymous heroine of the story. However, Gallia does not openly rebel against society by, say, demanding equal rights for women or by deliberately breaking social rules. Rather, she leads a quiet, inconspicuous life, outwardly conforming to all the norms she is expected to observe. Her unconventionality is expressed in her unusual thoughts and ideas, in particular on human reproduction, which are given broad scope by the narrator. Thus, "Gallia" can be read as a philosophical novel.
Plot summary.
Ever since their only child Gallia decided to get a university education about five years ago, Lord and Lady Hamesthwaite have been carefully watching their daughter's silent alienation from their world and have had their doubts if she will ever consent to marry one of the eligible young men that present themselves to the family. Gallia is attractive, healthy and clever but all the men around her agree that she never behaves in an easy-going, coquettish manner. Family and friends are occasionally shocked by the topics she chooses for polite conversation, such as politics or sex.
Since her Oxford days, Gallia has known Hubert Essex, who has embarked on an academic career and does research on Darwinian theory. It is Essex with whom Gallia genuinely falls in love. Her honesty compels her to confess her love for him, and she is devastated when she is rejected by Essex. When he tells her bluntly that his "life has no need of" her, Gallia knows that she will never be able to experience romantic love again. What Essex omits from his speech is the fact that he is suffering from a hereditary heart condition and that he is very likely to die young.
When Gallia is introduced to Mark Gurdon, an ambitious social climber who wants to get ahead within the British Civil Service, and when she realizes that he is handsome, healthy, and virile, she chooses him to be the father of her future child, or children. Gurdon, whose guiding principle in life is decency, is keeping a mistress in a studio flat in London who resorts to a self-induced abortion to terminate a pregnancy just at the time when Gurdon starts being attracted by Gallia. But Gallia does not mind: when he proposes to her, she accepts but makes it clear right from the start that she will never be able to love him.
Eugenicist thought in "Gallia".
Gallia Hamesthwaite expounds her ideas on human reproduction, on "making better people," while having tea with her friend Margaret Essex—Hubert's sister—and a fashionable young woman called Gertrude Janion. Although she believes that her suggestion for social reform is utopian ("We shan't live to see the real advance"), she has worked it out in quite some detail:
"[...] How can we wonder that only one person in ten is handsome and well made, when you reflect that they were most likely haps of hazard, that they were unintended, the offspring of people quite unfitted to have children at all? There are people fitted, for instance, to be mothers, which every woman isn't; there are women fitted to bring up children, who may not be mothers. Think of this: a man may love a woman and marry her; they may be devoted to each other, and long for a child to bring up and to love; but the woman may be too delicate to run the risk. What are they to do? What would be the reasonable thing to do? Sacrifice the poor woman for the sake of a weakly baby? No, of course not, but get in a mother!"
Gallia sees such a development as "only a step farther" from employing a wet nurse, which was common practice among the rich in the late Victorian era. Strangely, Gallia, called "a shrewd and hopeful saint" by the narrator, does not offer a more comprehensive social reform proposal. For example, she is not concerned with the plight of the lower classes; she does not even talk to her own domestic workers. ("Very seldom indeed had she occasion to address any of her servants, with the exception of her own footman and her maid. She was held in the awe with which all servants regard a mistress who is habitually unconscious of their existence.") Also, the female suffrage movement is not mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="19149378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149378" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres hurdles">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 100 metres hurdles

These are the official results of the Women's 110 metres hurdles event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 42 participating athletes, with six qualifying heats, four quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Saturday August 28, 1999 at 20:05h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19149406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149406" title="Stone City, Iowa">
Stone City, Iowa

Stone City is an unincorporated community in Jones County, Iowa, United States. Stone City began as a company town for the workers of the local quarries. Stone City is known for its Anamosa Limestone quarries, historic limestone architecture, and 1930's art colony.
History.
1850 - 1904.
Stone City was founded in 1850 along the banks of the Wapsipinicon River. Early settlers discovered dolomite limestone at the location. In its earliest history Stone City was known as the Anamosa Quarries. Later the area became known as the Stone City Quarries. In the late 1800s, Henry Dearborn, John Green, and John Ronen each opened limestone quarries in the area. As the railroad system expanded westward, distribution of limestone to bordering states increased. Stone City limestone became the primary building material for railroad bridges, bridge piers, and foundations for major buildings. Each year, between the years 1859 to 1895, over 150,000 railroad car shipments of limestone were sent from Stone City.
As the quarry business flourished, a city of stone emerged as hundreds of people settled in the area. First came a three-story, hotel and opera house complex known as Columbia Hall. It was completed in 1883 and made of 500,000 tons of stone. The theater offered some of the most well known entertainers of the day. By 1880 the population of Stone City reached five hundred. Overlooking the town, Green built his twelve-room mansion containing seven Italian marble fireplaces, hand-painted murals, two baths, and a conservatory. Once the house was complete, Green erected more of the city – a railway station, a post office, schoolhouse, a blacksmith shop, water tower, and several houses, all made of stone.
1905 - 1950.
In 1905 Portland cement began to be produced in Waterloo, Iowa. The use of Portland cement in place of quarried stone had an adverse effect on the economy of the Stone City and one by one the quarries began to shut down. During the next half century, nature reclaimed most of the quarries. Columbia Hall was purchased in the 1930s and torn down in 1938 to use the stone elsewhere. In 1963 the Green Mansion was tragically damaged by fire and torn down in the 1990s.
Stone City was once the location of an art colony. In 1932, Grant Wood, Edward Rowan, and Adrian Dornbush established Stone City Art Colony. With little more than $100 and a number of promissory notes based on the success of the art colony they leased of land on the Green Estate. An area of of the estate had been purchased by Frank Nissen in 1920.) The parcel of leased land included the Green Mansion, the Ice House and Water Tower. The upstairs portion of the house was converted into a dormitory. The rest of the house was used for business offices, kitchen, a sculpture studio and showers for the men. The basement of the ice house was made into a bar called "The Sickle and Sheaf" where instructor/student Dennis Burlingame tended bar. The upper portion of the water tower was converted into an apartment where Adrian Dornbush lived. It was called "Adrian’s Tomb". The art colony failed. In terms of attendance and reputation the colony was a huge success. However, it was never a financial success.
1950 - Present.
Thanks to the vision of George Nissen (the developer of the modern trampoline) the original three-story Stone Barn, the Quarry Office, Water Tower and Ice House were preserved although they have been converted into private homes. The preservation of these structures, along with St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Schoolhouse, General Store, Dearborn Residence, Blacksmith Shop and several other private homes has helped revitalize the town with new families without losing the charm of old Stone City. Many of the remaining buildings have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In 1952 the quarries underwent an economic revival under a new owner. The Stone City quarries have continued to grow and have become one of the largest quarries in the Midwest. The “Stone City quarries” now ship stone all over the United States. The stone from the banks of the Wapsipinicon River can be seen in both old and new construction, not just in Iowa, but across the United States. One of the most recent uses of this limestone can be seen in the new Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles.
Geography.
Stone City is located at (42.105427, -91.350196).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of .
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 192 people, 83 households, and 62 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 93 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 97.9% White, 2.1% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. 1.0% of the population were Asian and 1.0% of the population were African American.
There were 83 households out of which 24.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.7% were married couples living together, 1.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 10.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.3% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 4.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.65.
The median age in the city was 49.2 years. 3.6% of residents were under the age of 5; 7.8% were between the ages of 15 and 19; 4.7% were from 25 to 29; 14.1% were from 45 to 49; and 17.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.6% male and 46.4% female.
Culture.
Stone City was immortalized in a painting by Grant Wood in 1930. The painting is now on permanent display at Omaha's Joslyn Art Museum. Stone City, Iowa was Wood's first major landscape. The painting captures the sentiment Wood must have had for the area he lived all his young life. Although Wood did not include all of the buildings of Stone City at the time, many of the buildings featured in the painting still remain today. St. Joseph's Church, the general store, and the blacksmith shop are still there.
To view Grant Wood's painting, follow this link:
Stone City, Iowa by Grant Wood

</doc>
<doc id="19149416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149416" title="Lily Young">
Lily Young

Lily Young is a distinguished professor of environmental microbiology at Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey in New Brunswick. She is a member of the Biotechnology Center for Agriculture and the Environment (Biotech Center) and has her academic appointment in the Department of Environmental Sciences. For 5 years she served as the Associate Dean for Graduate Programs at the School and she is also chair of the Department of Environmental Sciences.
Lilly Young is married to Wise Young, a professor in neuroscience at the W.M. Keck Center for neuroscience at Rutgers University. They have two grown children, Talia and Jesse.
Research.
Prof. Young’s research focuses on anaerobic microorganisms that degrade harmful organic contaminant chemicals like pesticides and benzene, toluene and xylene (BTX-compounds) from gasoline and other petroleum compounds such as naphthalene, phenanthrene and hexadecane. The microorganisms in the environment are essentially carrying out oxidation and reduction reactions, namely, oxidation of the organic contaminant coupled to the reduction of inorganic electron acceptors.
The mechanism by which these bacteria (mainly denitrifiers, iron reducers, sulfidogens and methanogens, respectively) degrade the contaminants is different from aerobic bacteria because they cannot use oxygen to activate the stable hydrocarbon molecules.
In contrast to humans, these bacteria are not dependent on oxygen as an electron acceptor for cellular respiration, but use molecules like nitrate, iron, sulfate and carbonate.
During her early research in the Environmental Engineering Program at Stanford University her groups was the first to prove anaerobic oxidation of eleven aromatic lignin derivatives to methane by environmental bacteria.
In 1994, Young’s publication on Degradation of toluene and m-xylene and transformation of o-xylene by denitrifying enrichment cultures. (Appl Environ Microbiol 57:450–454) was noted as one of the 10 most highly cited papers in the field of Ecology and Environmental Sciences.
At Rutgers, Professor Young has expanded her work to examine the anaerobic communities from NY-NJ Harbor sediments to degrade alkanes and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
A major research goal is to determine the microbial chemistry of the anaerobic pathways of naphthalene, methylnapthalene and phenanthrene. She was one of the first researchers to use stable isotope labeled compounds to decipher the mechanism of attack of hydrocarbons by anaerobes. This approach is now being widely used.
By understanding the anaerobic biodegradation pathways, Young’s group has developed methods to improve or enhance natural rates of biodegradation in the environment. This has led to the development of biochemical and biomolecular markers for assessing intrinsic biodegradation occurring in difficult to access groundwater aquifers.
In keeping with her interest in microbial processes in the environment, recent work has also focused on the ability of environmental microorganisms to oxidize or to reduce hazardous metals such as arsenic. Through their ability to change the oxidation state of the metal ions the microorganisms can affect the fate and transport of the metals in aqueous habitats such as streams and groundwater.
Education.
Lily Young obtained her bachelor’s degree in microbiology at Cornell University in 1965 and her master’s in 1967, also in microbiology.
She did her PhD in environmental biology in professor Ralph Mitchell’s lab at Harvard University, where she obtained her degree in 1972.
Awards.
Lily Young has received these awards, among others 

</doc>
<doc id="19149420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149420" title="Nevea Tears">
Nevea Tears

Nevea Tears is a screamo/post-hardcore band from Southern California known for their extensive use of electronics in their songs. They have toured with bands such as Memphis May Fire and Cry of the Afflicted.
History.
Nevea Tears formed in 2002 with Greg Gillis and Brent Doan on guitars, Jeff Metajan on keyboards/electronics, Amber Barnard on drums, Dom Gomez on bass and John Morello on vocals. They recorded a demo and sent it to many labels. They were signed by Eulogy Recordings and released their first full length "Do I Have to Tell You I Love You?" the next year. The band grew to tour with many popular bands of the current hardcore scene for the next three years. Brent and Amber left, leading Jeff to move to guitar and Stephen Crosmer to come in on drums. They released "Run with the Hunted" in 2007, and imminently after John, Dom and Stephen quit the band. In order to go on tour to support their recent release "Run with the Hunted", the band recruited Aaron Wymore on bass, Matt Marquez on drums, and Alex Reyes on vocals. They went on playing shows for a few months, but lacking loyal members they eventually stopped playing and have been on hiatus since.

</doc>
<doc id="19149429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149429" title="Annax">
Annax

Annax is a German manufacturer of radio and TV broadcasting and communications equipment. It was founded on 1 January 1996 as a divestment by Robert Bosch GmbH.
In 2007, Annax took over the traffic business unit of Ascom in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19149430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149430" title="ING House">
ING House

ING House is the headquarters of ING Group at the business district Zuidas of Amsterdam, the Netherlands. It is nicknamed "the shoe" or "the dustbuster" (Dutch: "de kruimeldief"). The postmodern design is by Amsterdam based architects Meyer and Van Schooten. The construction, which took place from November 1999 to September 2002, was undertaken by Heijmans.
The building is constructed like a table on 16 angled steel legs. These are independent of each other, resting on pins in large concrete blocks in the ground, a technique also found in bridge construction. On this platform the floors are built. The belly of the building on the second floor is actually at the height of the highway, as the ground is lower than the highway. From the third floor one has a view of the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19149433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149433" title="Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen">
Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen

Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen (, ) is a 1976 French-Italian comedy film starring Vittorio Gassman, Ugo Tognazzi, Nino Manfredi, Paolo Villaggio, Marcello Mastroianni, Senta Berger, Adolfo Celi and Felice Andreasi.
Plot.
The film in a very satirical and grotesque manner even for today tells various episodes of low corrupt society of Italy in the Seventies. The journalist Paolo T. Fiume is the thread of the various episodes of the film, as he himself does interviews in various situations to grotesque characters.

</doc>
<doc id="19149437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149437" title="North Georgia Technical College">
North Georgia Technical College

North Georgia Technical College is the oldest technical college in the state of Georgia, and is part of the Technical College System of Georgia. Its main campus is in Clarkesville, with additional campuses in Toccoa (called the Currahee campus after nearby Currahee Mountain) and Blairsville. The college serves Habersham, Stephens, Union, Fannin, White, Rabun, Towns, and Franklin counties.
NGTC is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award associate degrees, and is also accredited by the Commission of the Council on Occupational Education.
History.
North Georgia Technical College's Clarkesville Campus originally was the home of the Georgia Ninth District School of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts (The A&M), which was active from 1907 until 1933. From 1938 to 1943, the campus was home of "Habersham College" and the National Youth Administration, one of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's programs during the Great Depression.
Recognizing the need for occupational training for Georgians, the State Legislature created a vocational division in the State Board of Education, which approved a plan creating a system of state vocational schools in October 1943. The initial location for North Georgia Trade and Vocational School was chosen in 1943, and the school accepted its first student in February 1944.
As the demand for technical training grew, more courses were added. In 1962, the name of the school was changed to North Georgia Technical and Vocational School. On July 1, 1985, North Georgia Tech was placed under the governance of the new state board, which today is called the Technical College System of Georgia. In 1987, the name was changed to North Georgia Technical Institute.
The Clarkesville Campus of North Georgia Technical College is located in a mountain setting off Georgia Highway 197 one and one-half miles north of Clarkesville, the county seat of Habersham County. It is situated on 339 acres with the campus covering approximately 40 acres. It is 30 miles northeast of Gainesville, 50 miles north of Athens, and 90 miles northeast of Atlanta off Interstates 85/985 and 365.
As part of former Governor Zell Miller's pledge to bring a postsecondary institution within 40 miles of every Georgian, the 1995 legislative session appropriated 5.5 million dollars to build a state-of-the-art facility to be located on 25 acres along the Zell Miller Parkway just outside the town of Blairsville. Union County graciously donated the land on which the Blairsville Campus is located. The 45,000+ square foot facility was built on a knoll with a dramatic view of the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains. Classes began September 30, 1998, for the Blairsville Campus of North Georgia Technical Institute.
July 1, 2000, House Bill 1187 was made into law. This paved the way for Georgia’s technical institutes to become technical colleges! North Georgia Technical Institute became North Georgia Technical College on October 10, 2000.
In Summer 2007 the College celebrated its 100th birthday. The new Transportation Center and Visual Technology Center opened Summer 2007 on the Clarkesville Campus. The Currahee Campus of NGTC was completed in southern Stephens County in 2005. This campus is a 45,000+ square foot state-of-the-art facility and located in the Haystone Brady Industrial Park.
Athletics.
Since 2011, NGTC has competed in intercollegiate cross country. It is a member of the National Junior College Athletic Association and the Georgia Collegiate Athletic Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19149438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149438" title="Dark heart of Dunwich">
Dark heart of Dunwich

The Dark Heart of Dunwich is piece of a Suffolk folklore, the origins of which appear to lie in the twelfth century.
The legend tells of how Eva, a Dunwich maiden due to be married to the son of a local landowner, fell instead for a good-looking local cad, who had his way with her and then deserted her, running off to sea. After waiting in vain for her lost love to return, she cut out her heart and hurled it into the sea. However, according to the legend, she was unable to die, and still haunts the area, particularly around the (constantly shifting) beach, where the land meets the sea. The heart itself, believed to be similar in appearance to a wooden heart, is believed to wash up occasionally, and bring great misfortune onto anyone who picks it up and keeps it.

</doc>
<doc id="19149452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149452" title="Tony Perezchica">
Tony Perezchica

Antonio Llamas "Tony" Perezchica (April 20, 1966 in Mexicali, Mexico), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played infielder from -. He is currently the minor league fielding coordinator for the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Professional career.
San Francisco Giants.
Perezchica was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the third round of the 1984 Major League Baseball Draft. He began his professional career that year with the Short-Season Everett Giants of the Northwest League. He batted .193 with six doubles and one triples in 33 games.
In his second professional season, , Perezchica was promoted to the Class-A Clinton Giants of the Midwest League. He hit .241 with 109 hits, 21 doubles, eight triples and for home runs in 127 games.
He spent the season with the Class-A Fresno Giants of the California League. Perezchica hit .279 with 30 doubles, eight triples, and nine home runs in 126 games.
With the Double-A Shreveport Captains of the Texas League in hit .319 with 24 doubles, one triple and 11 home runs in 89 games.
The next season, , Perezchica split time with the Triple-A Phoenix Firebirds and the Major League Giants. He hit .306 with 18 doubles, 10 triples and nine home runs in 134 games with Phoenix. In limited time at the Major League level, Perezchica had one hit in eight at-bats and seven games. He played six games in the field, two for starts, and they were all at second base.
Perezchica played the season at the Triple-A level with the Phoenix Firebirds of the Pacific Coast League. He hit .231 with 11 doubles, three triples and eight home runs in 94 games. He did not play at the Major League level in 1989.
In , Perezchica again split the season with the Triple-A Phoenix Firebirds and the Giants. He hit .268 with 22 doubles, six triples and nine home runs. With the Major League club in Perezchica had one hit in three at-bats. He played two games at second base and two games at shortstop.
He spent his final season in the Giants organization in , splitting the season between the Phoenix Firebirds and the Giants. He hit .293 at Triple-A with 10 doubles, four triples and eight home runs. With the Giants Perezchica batted .229 with four doubles, one triple and three RBIs in 23 games. The Giants then placed Perezchica on waivers.
Cleveland Indians.
On August 6, 1991 the Cleveland Indians claimed Perezchica waivers from the Giants. He spent the final 17 games with Cleveland, batting .364 with eight hits and two doubles.
In , Perezchica split the season between the Indians and the Triple-A Colorado Springs Sky Sox. He hit only .171 at Triple-A with one double, two home runs and nine RBIs. At the Major League level, Perezchica hit .100 with only two hits in 20 at-bats. He was granted free agency after the season.
New York Yankees.
In he began to play in the New York Yankees organization, splitting the season between the Double-A Albany-Colonie Yankees of the Eastern League and the Triple-A Columbus Clippers of the International League. He hit a combined .321 with 17 doubles, seven triples, 11 home runs, 33 RBIs and one stolen base in 72 games.
In his final season, , Perezchica spent the entire season with the Triple-A Columbus Clippers. He batted .257 with 12 doubles, four triples, seven home runs, 44 RBIs and three stolen bases.
Coaching career.
New York Yankees.
Perezchica began his coaching career as the hitting coach for the Double-A Norwich Navigators in and later coached them in the season. He also coached the Triple-A Columbus Clippers in and the Class-A Greensboro Bats from to .
Arizona Diamondbacks.
He began his managerial career in with the Rookie-Level Missoula Osprey and then managed the Class-A South Bend Silver Hawks in , the Double-A Tennessee Smokies in and now serves as the Diamondbacks Minor League fielding coordinator.

</doc>
<doc id="19149454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149454" title="Christopher Hemmeter">
Christopher Hemmeter

Christopher Hemmeter (October 8, 1939 – November 27, 2003) was a real estate developer who pioneered the concept of the destination resort in Hawaii and was involved in casino gaming development, primarily in New Orleans and Colorado.
Real estate development.
Christopher Hemmeter was born in 1939 in Washington, D.C. and grew up in Los Altos in the San Francisco Bay area. After attending Cornell University and graduating first in his class in 1962 he moved to Hawaii and got a job as a management trainee at the Sheraton Royal Hawaiian.
Hemmeter's development career began in the 1960s when he partnered with Henry Shigekane and Diane Plotts to develop resorts in Hawaii. Projects he was involved with included developing the Westin Kauai, Hyatt Regency Waikiki, Hyatt Waikoloa and the Westin Maui. Hemmeter's signature "...is best known for the extreme - some would say outrageous - lavishness of the Hawaii hotels he built in the 1980's." When the Westin Kauai opened in September, 1987, suites cost up to $1,800 and rooms ran double the island's average at $180 per night. The hotel was set in and boasted two golf courses and a reflecting pool, adding to the reported $775 million development cost.
Former Hawaii Governor Ben Cayetano called Hemmeter, "...a man of great vision and energy, More than anyone else, he changed the nature of resort development in Hawai'i. The four- and five-star hotels on the Big Island and Maui are the products of his work." In 1988 he ranked 389th on the Forbes Wealthiest American list.
In September 1987 Hemmeter made a $100 million bid for Hawaiian Airlines which was accepted, but which was withdrawn in December of that year after the October 19th stock market crash.
Casinos.
Hemmeter returned to the mainland in 1991 when he began to develop casino gaming projects. His biggest project was a proposed $1 billion casino in New Orleans. Billed at the time as "the world's largest casino". The original design resembled Monte Carlo's 1861 casino, intending to evoke the New Orleans 1885 Cotton Exposition and Chicago's 1893 World Columbia Exposition. The developers estimated the casino would attract one million additional visitors to the city and would generate annual revenues of as much as $780 million, estimates that were based in part on the proven success of dockside gaming in the Mississippi Gulf Coast area.
In 1993 a partnership of Hemmeter and Caesars World obtained the lease on the Rivergate property, which by law was the only place the land-based casino could be built in Louisiana, beating out a rival bid by Harrah's. In August, 1993, however, the State Casino Board awarded the state's sole casino license to Harrah's and not the Hemmeter-Caesar's partnership. The impasse of one company owning the only license and another owning the only lease was resolved when the two entities formed a joint venture under pressure from then-Governor, Edwin Edwards. The new entity, known as "Harrah's Jazz" established a temporary casino in the Municipal Auditorium in order to establish a cash flow while the main facility was under construction at the Rivergate. The temporary facility opened in May, 1995 and a week later was closed due to a flood. The poor location of the site resulted in the actual gaming take falling 60% below projections at only $13.1 million per month. Equally concerning was the fact that 60% of gamers at the temporary facility were locals and not out-of-town tourists, undercutting the economic benefit backers hoped gaming to provide to the tourist industry.
Harrah's Jazz halted construction on the permanent facility at 3 am the day before Thanksgiving, 1995 and laid off 1,600 construction workers, 2,500 casino employees, and filed for bankruptcy. Later, the project was taken over by Harrah's who built the Harrah's New Orleans Casino on the site of Hemmeter's project. He also saw failures of his New Orleans riverboat projects and Colorado gaming property, Bullwackers. Hemmeter filed personal bankruptcy in 1997.
World Football League.
In 1974, Hemmeter was granted a franchise in the fledgling World Football League. This team, known as The Hawaiians, represented a serious attempt at a viable professional football organization. Hemmeter was one of the few owners who was reasonably well financed.
After a financially disastrous first season, Hemmeter replaced league founder Gary L. Davidson as the league's commissioner. Hew proposed a plan of restructuring for the league which was known as the "Hemmeter Plan". The plan was intended to bring a measure of fiscal sanity to the league. It restructured players' salaries to a $500 per game minimum with a profit sharing arrangement with the teams, and a fresh cash infusion from the team owners. Ultimately, those efforts were brought undone when a failed effort to sign Joe Namath for the league's Chicago franchise caused television partner TVS to back out. The lack of a national television contract, combined with the league's already damaged reputation, resulted in the league folding in the middle of the 1975 season.
Personal.
Hemmeter was friends with former President Jimmy Carter and hosted both him and President Ronald Reagan at his various homes. He originated the design concept for the Jimmy Carter Library and Museum.
Hemmeter was diagnosed with liver cancer shortly before he died of the disease and had been dealing with Parkinson's disease as well. He died at his home in Brentwood, California.
Hemmeter was married to his wife, Patricia for 25 years.
Awards.
Hemmeter received the following awards:
Charitable work.
Hemmeter was active in a number of charities, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19149455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149455" title="Communauté d'agglomération du Calaisis">
Communauté d'agglomération du Calaisis

The Communauté d'agglomération du Calaisis was created on December 28, 2000 and is located in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in northern France.
It comprises the following 5 communes.

</doc>
<doc id="19149456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149456" title="Battle of Mam Garvia">
Battle of Mam Garvia

The Battle of Mam Garvia, took place in 1187 in Northern Scotland. Domnall Meic Uilleim had resisted the King of Scots since at least 1179, he even had a claim to the throne as a grandson of King Donnchad II of Scotland. Lochlann, Lord of Galloway led an army north where according to Roger of Hoveden they defeated the Meic Uilleim, slew Domnall and cut off his head and carried it south to present it to King William. The actual site of the battle has been quoted as being either in Ross or near Moray, lately it has been reasoned to be in Strath Garve near Dingwall.

</doc>
<doc id="19149462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149462" title="Schloss Velden">
Schloss Velden

Schloss Velden, a Capella Hotel, is a year-round Austrian resort located in Velden am Wörthersee on Lake Woerth (Wörthersee).
History.
The hotel began as the Castle Velden in 1590, over 400 years ago. A fire in 1762 burned the castle, and it was then rebuilt and opened as a hotel in 1890. The hotel became popular with celebrities and royalty.
In 1990, the hotel reverted to being the private chateau of a German industrialist. In the 1990s, Schloss Velden served as the setting for many films and the Austrian/German TV series "Ein Schloss am Wörthersee."
It was purchased by Hypo Alpe-Adria-Bank International. Under the direction of Horst Schulze, the founder of Ritz-Carlton and Capella, a hotel management company based in Atlanta, Georgia, it re-opened in summer 2007 under the Capella brand.

</doc>
<doc id="19149481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149481" title="John Bogart">
John Bogart

John Bogart (February 8, 1836 Albany, New York - April 25, 1920 Manhattan, New York City) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1888 to 1891.
Life.
He was the son of John Henry Bogart, a merchant of Albany and New York City and great-grandson of Henry Bogart. He was educated at The Albany Academy and graduated M.A. from Rutgers College in 1853.
He spent a summer with the engineer corps of the New York Central Railroad and decided to become an engineer. He began engineering work on the enlargement of the Erie Canal as Second Assistant Engineer from 1856 to 1858. He was Assistant Engineer on the construction of Central Park in New York City. 
From December 1861 to July 1866, he was in engineering service with the Union Army. During this time he was stationed at Fortress Monroe and was in charge of the fort at the Rip Raps, Virginia. 
In 1866, he was appointed Engineer in charge of construction, and in 1870 Chief Engineer of the Park Commission of Brooklyn, N.Y., and from 1872 to 1877 was Chief Engineer of the New York City Department of Public Parks.
In 1870, he married Emma Cherrington Jefferis.
From 1877 on, he was engaged as Engineer for many important enterprises, among them the municipal works at New Orleans, Chicago, Nashville and Baltimore; the designs of the parks at Albany, N.Y., the Public State Grounds at Nashville, the West Side parks of Chicago and the park system of Essex County, New York. He was Constructing Engineer of Washington Bridge, Consulting Engineer of the Niagara Falls Power Co., of the Atlantic Electric and Water Power Co., of the Rapid Transit Commission and of the New York State Board of Health.
From 1886 to 1887, he was Deputy State Engineer under Elnathan Sweet. He was State Engineer and Surveyor from 1888 to 1891, elected on the Democratic ticket in 1887 and 1889. Afterwards he resumed his practice as consulting engineer in New York City.
He was a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers and the Institution of Civil Engineers of Great Britain. He was a lieutenant colonel and Chief Engineer of the New York National Guard.
He died from pneumonia at his home at 640 Madison Avenue in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="19149483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149483" title="Tropical Storm Vongfong (2008)">
Tropical Storm Vongfong (2008)

Severe Tropical Storm Vongfong (International Designation 0811, JTWC designation 12W) was the 12th tropical depression and the 11th tropical storm of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season recognised by both the JMA and the JTWC. Vongfong was a severe tropical storm that was active in August 2008. Vongfong originally formed on August 14 as a tropical depression to the south of Japan. The next morning Vongfong was upgraded to a tropical storm by both the JMA and the JTWC and then reached its peak intensity early the next morning and became extratropical at that strength early on August 18.
Meteorological history.
Early on August 13, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, noted that an area of convection had persisted approximately to the southeast of Okinawa, Japan and designated it as a Tropical Disturbance. The JTWC at this time also assessed the disturbances chances of forming into a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as fair. This was due to the tropical disturbance having a broad Low Level Circulation Center however the strongest winds were displaced on the eastern side of the disturbance. Early the next morning the JTWC reassessed the disturbances chances of forming into a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as good and issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the developing disturbance. This was because the Low Level Circulation Center had become well defined. 
Later on August 14, the Japan Meteorological Agency designated the tropical disturbance as a minor tropical depression whilst the JTWC also upgraded the disturbance and designated it as Tropical Depression 12W. Early the next day the JMA designated the depression as a full tropical depression, whilst the JTWC upgraded the depression to a tropical storm. Later that day the JMA upgraded the depression to a tropical storm, and assigned the name Vongfong to the storm. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center then reported that Vongfong had reached its peak winds of 50 knots (60 mph, 95 km/h1-Min) whilst it was located approximately to the southwest of Tokyo, Japan. The JMA also then reported that it Vongfong had reached its operational peak winds of 40 knots (45 mph 75 km/h 10-Min) however this was later revised in its best track when the JMA upgraded Vongfong peak winds to 50 knots (60 mph 110 km/h 10-Min). Later on August 15, the JTWC reported that Vongfong had started to weaken from its peak. During the next day Vongfong carried on weakening. The JTWC then issued its final warning on Vongfong later that day as it had begun its extratropical transition. whilst the JMA kept issuing warnings on Vongfong until early on August 17 when they downgraded it to an extratropical low. The extratropical low of Vongfong then crossed the International Dateline and moved out of the JMA’s area of responsibility and moved into the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility but they did not issue any warnings on Vongfong as it was extratropical.
Impact and naming.
As Vongfong brushed by Japan, heavy rains triggered flood which killed one person. A total of 523 homes and 39 hectares (96.3 acres) were damaged by the storm and 15,520 people were left without power. The storm also damaged 139 roads and caused 54 landslides.
The name "Vongfong" was one of the 10 original names submitted by Macau to the WMO's Typhoon Committee for use from January 1, 2000. Vongfong was last used in the 2002 Pacific typhoon season and is the Macau word for wasp.

</doc>
<doc id="19149495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149495" title="Toba River (British Columbia)">
Toba River (British Columbia)

The Toba River is a river in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Also referred to as the East Toba river. Its drainage basin is in size.
Course.
The Toba River originates in the Coast Mountains and flows generally southwest from Toba Glacier to the head of Toba Inlet.
Development.
In 2004 development of a run of river energy project began on East Toba River. The $660 million project is funded and operated through a private loan from a partnership of lenders led by Manulife Financial Canada. Plutonic Power Corporation and GE Energy also referred to as the Toba Montrose General Partnership are the main stakeholders in the project .Construction is overseen by the Kiewit Corporation in partnership with the Sliammon and K'ómoks First Nation Territory Agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="19149501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149501" title="WAGO">
WAGO

WAGO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19149503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149503" title="Glen Ridge rape">
Glen Ridge rape

In 1989 a mentally handicapped girl was raped with a broomstick and a baseball bat by members of the Glen Ridge High School football team in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. This event attracted nationwide attention, mainly due to the perception that the assailants had been given special treatment by the school and local authorities due to their status as local football stars. The events were later documented in a book and TV movie.
Incident.
The assault occurred on March 1, 1989. The victim left her house the afternoon of the incident to go play basketball in Cartaret Park. On the way, she found a stick which she decided to keep. When she arrived at the park, many of the school's athletes were there, either watching or participating in an informal baseball practice. One of the boys came over to her, and asked her to come down to a basement of a nearby house for a party. The house was adjacent to the park and the owners were in Florida, with only the grandmother being home at that time. 
After initially refusing, she agreed when told her that the boy's brother, (whom she had a crush on), would go on a date with her. He put his arm around the victim and escorted her to the basement. When they reached the basement, 12 boys from the park were there. After some conversation, one of the boys removed his pants and underpants and the victim removed her shirt. At this point, a sophomore and another underclassman left. A total of six boys left while the victim undressed.
Seven boys stayed, all football players, and all seniors bar one. The victim was then orally raped. She was forced to bend over and the boys took turns vaginally penetrating her. The victim was then penetrated with a broom by two of those present, and she was penetrated with a baseball bat. The broom and bat were covered with plastic bags coated with Vaseline. At one point during the rape, one of the athletes passively suggested that they stop. The victim did not resist because she thought that letting these boys do these things to her would make them like her and want to be her friend. After it was over, she promised not to tell, in a kind of team cheer/pact. She then waited outside the house for a long time, waiting for the promised date, which never happened. 
A number of boys later attempted to get the victim to come down to the basement a second time to repeat the incident. The first staff member to report the incident was a teacher who overheard a student discussing the rumors with a classmate. The student had been asked earlier to videotape a planned second incident (which never took place). The vice principal then called the police on March 22, three weeks after the assault occurred. Police interviewed the vice principal and the victim’s swim coach, the latter of whom had heard about the incident from the victim herself three days after the incident. Detective Lieutenant Richard Corcoran (Sr.) put Detective Sheila Byron in charge of investigating the case. Byron’s main focus was to establish if the victim had given consent, or whether she was incapable of giving consent. 
During her interviews with the victim, it became clear to Byron that the victim did not even really understand exactly what had happened to her, so she would not have known she could say no. During the investigation, it became clear that the victim still wanted the athletes to like her, and that she did not want to get them in trouble. 
Byron realized she would need independent corroboration, because the victim might not make a convincing witness in a trial. The prosecutor's office officially became involved with the investigation on April 7, and officially took control on April 12.
First public reports.
The first public report of the incident was on May 23, 1989, by the local NBC station WNBC-TV. Over the next few days the story was picked up in newspapers across the United States and Canada. The New York Times and Washington Post ran their first articles regarding the incident on May 25, 1989, the same day the story was picked up by newspapers in Lewiston, Maine and Spokane, Washington. The Toronto Star became the first foreign newspaper to carry the story on May 26, the same day the story hit newspapers in northern Alabama and Tampa Bay, Florida.
Trial and verdict.
After a twenty-three week long trial three of the former high school football players from Glen Ridge (Christopher Archer, Kyle Scherzer, and Kevin Scherzer) were convicted on charges of sexually assaulting the victim with a baseball bat and a broom handle after enticing her into a basement with the promise of a date in March 1989. A fourth defendant (Bryant Grober) was convicted of one count of conspiracy and acquitted of other charges. The defendants were acquitted of aggravated sexual assault charges.
"Our Guys".
Book.
Bernard Lefkowitz wrote a book about the Glen Ridge Rape called "Our Guys: The Glen Ridge Rape and the Secret Life of the Perfect Suburb". The book attributes many of the problems with the football players to the society's (as well as the town's and the parents') heavy influence on winning and success rather than on personal character. The book was later adapted into a TV movie.
Television movie.
The events of the Glen Ridge Rape were adapted into a television movie called Our Guys: Outrage at Glen Ridge which premiered on ABC in 1999, and is occasionally shown on Lifetime. The film, directed by Guy Ferland, stars Ally Sheedy, Eric Stoltz, and Heather Matarazzo, and is an adaptation of Bernard Lefkowitz's book. The rape scene of the film was toned down due to the film being on broadcast television. Some of the things described in Lefkowitz's book were left out of the film. The film renamed several characters and invented some new ones. The film also altered the time-line of events, moving the time of the rape being reported in the Fall (it is football season and the film opens on homecoming night), when in reality the rape was reported in the Spring.

</doc>
<doc id="19149505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149505" title="Demirciler">
Demirciler

Demirciler (Turkish: "blacksmiths") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19149524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149524" title="Atemoya">
Atemoya

The atemoya, Annona × atemoya, is a hybrid of two fruits – the sugar-apple ("Annona squamosa") and the cherimoya ("A. cherimola") – which are both native to the American tropics. This fruit is popular in Taiwan, where it is known as the "pineapple sugar apple" (鳳梨釋迦), so is sometimes wrongly believed to be a cross between the sugar-apple and the pineapple. In Cuba, this fruit is called "anón", and in Venezuela "chirimorinon". In Palestine and Lebanon, the fruit is called "achta". This is different from the Achta that is used in many Lebanese desserts, including ice cream, which is actually the skimming of fresh milk or cream.
An atemoya is normally heart-shaped or rounded, with pale-green, easily bruised, bumpy skin. Near the stem, the skin is bumpy as it is in the sugar-apple, but become smoother like the cherimoya on the bottom. The flesh is not segmented like that of the sugar-apple, bearing more similarity to that of the cherimoya. It is very juicy and smooth, tasting slightly sweet and a little tart, reminiscent of a "piña colada". The taste also resembles vanilla from its sugar-apple parent. Many inedible, toxic, black seeds are found throughout the flesh of the atemoya. When ripe, the fruit can be scooped out of the shell and eaten chilled.
Atemoya ("Annona cherimola × squamosa") was developed by crossing cherimoya ("A. cherimola") with sugar-apple ("A. squamosa"). 
The first cross was made in 1908 by P.J. Wester, a horticulturist at the USDA’s Subtropical Laboratory in Miami. 
The resulting fruits were of superior quality to the sugar-apple and were given the name "atemoya", a combination of "ate", an old Mexican name for sugar-apple, and "moya" from cherimoya. 
Subsequently, in 1917, Edward Simmons at Miami’s Plant Introduction Station successfully grew hybrids that survived a drop in temperature to 26.5°F, showing atemoya’s hardiness derived from one of its parents, the cherimoya. 
The atemoya, like other "Annona" trees, bears protogynous, hermaphroditic flowers, and self-pollination is rare. Therefore, artificial, hand pollination almost always guarantees superior quality fruits. One variety, 'Geffner', produces well without hand pollination. 'Bradley' also produces fair crops without hand pollination, but the fruit has a habit of splitting on the tree. Atemoyas are sometimes misshapen, underdeveloped on one side, as the result of inadequate pollination. 
An atemoya flower, in its female stage, opens between 2:00 and 4:00 pm; between 3:00 pm and 5:00 pm on the following afternoon, the flower converts to its male stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19149541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149541" title="Patricia Wyman wolf attack">
Patricia Wyman wolf attack

Trisha Wyman (1972 – April 18, 1996) was a Canadian wildlife biologist who worked as a caretaker in the Wolf Centre section of the Haliburton Forest & Wildlife Preserve. She was killed by four captive wolves on the third day of her employment.
Pre-attack.
Trisha Wyman had visited the Preserve numerous times before being hired, and readily participated in wolf education programmes. After obtaining a degree in wildlife biology from the University of Guelph, Ontario, she assumed her new position as wolf caretaker on four days prior to April 18th. The wolf pack she was assigned to look after was composed of four adults which had not been socialized with humans. Wyman visited the wolves twice before April 18th, the first time with her supervisor, the second time by herself when feeding them. On April 17th, Wyman expressed concern over the behaviour of one of the pack’s males to her fiancé, but did not share her apprehension to the parks staff.
Death.
On the late afternoon of Thursday April 18th 1996, two of the Wolf Centre’s employees discovered Wyman’s body in the wolf enclosure. Her clothing had been completely removed, with strips of it being strewn around her body. The body itself was relatively intact, though with multiple bite wounds and some flesh missing from her extremities. The staff called the Ontario Provincial Police, which responded by sending three officers to the scene. Two entered the enclosure, and upon approaching the body, one of the wolves growled at them, and the rest of the pack circled the officers. The officers drove off the wolves by firing shots. Six officers subsequently arrived to take the body away.
Investigation.
After the body was removed, the coroner ordered the wolves to be destroyed in order to be examined for rabies. The results were negative. Dr. Erich Klinghammer, the director of Wolf Park, contacted Dr. Peter Schleifenbaum, the director of the reserve, and offered his assistance in the investigation. After interviewing the staff and detectives on the scene, Klinghammer came to the conclusion that Wyman was probably encircled by the wolves and accidentally tripped on one of the many broken branches in the enclosure. The wolves then attacked her, the taste of her blood having probably triggered a predatory instinct.

</doc>
<doc id="19149542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149542" title="Ascom (company)">
Ascom (company)

Ascom Holding AG is a Telecommunications company specializing in "Mission-Critical Communication". The company focuses on the areas of Wireless Solutions (customer-specific on-site communications solutions)and Network Testing (testing and optimization solutions for mobile networks.
The company has subsidiaries in 17 countries and a workforce of some 1900 employees worldwide.
Ascom registered shares (symbol ASCN) are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange in Zurich. Subsidiary is Ascom (Schweiz) AG with former company names Hasler AG, Hasler Ascom AG and Ascom AG
Ascom Wireless Solutions is a provider of on-site wireless communications for segments such as hospitals, manufacturing industries, retail and hotels. The company offers a range of voice and professional messaging solutions, supporting and optimizing the Mission-Critical processes of the customers. The solutions are based on VoWiFi, IP-DECT, Nurse Call and paging technologies, integrated into existing enterprise systems. The company has subsidiaries in 10 countries and 1,200 employees worldwide. Founded in the 1950s and based in Göteborg, Sweden, Ascom Wireless Solutions is part of the Ascom Group, listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange.
Ascom Network Testing provides solutions to measure, analyze, and optimize mobile networks. The TEMS Portfolio comprehends a complete set of solutions for drive testing, benchmarking, monitoring, and analyzing network performance. These offerings facilitate the deployment, optimization, and maintenance of mobile networks. The products are supplied to world’s mobile operators, equipment vendors, and professional service providers.

</doc>
<doc id="19149544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149544" title="American Society of Clinical Oncology">
American Society of Clinical Oncology

The American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) is a professional organization representing physicians of all oncology subspecialties who care for people with cancer. Founded in 1964 by Drs. Fred Ansfield, Harry Bisel, Herman Freckman, Arnoldus Goudsmit, Robert Talley, William Wilson, and Jane C. Wright, ASCO's now has more than 30,000 members.
Physician education.
ASCO offers several educational resources for cancer physicians and other health care professionals in the field of clinical oncology. These resources include scientific meetings, educational conferences, professional workshops, and special symposia on issues of particular relevance and importance to clinical oncologists and researchers.
ASCO publishes numerous journals, books, newsletters, and online and multimedia resources. In addition to producing the patient information website of Cancer.Net, ASCO publishes the "Journal of Clinical Oncology" (JCO), the most credible, authoritative peer-reviewed resource for disseminating significant clinical cancer research, and the "Journal of Oncology Practice" (JOP), with the goal of being the authoritative resource on clinical and administrative management for practicing oncologists in their daily clinical and administrative practice operations. ASCO also publishes special curricula to address specific educational needs of cancer professionals. ASCO University is intended to enrich the education and training of residents, fellows, and practicing physicians, with the ultimate goal of promoting high-quality cancer care.
Annual Meeting.
With over 30,000 attendees, the ASCO Annual Meeting is one of the largest educational and scientific events in the oncology community. The five-day event provides a venue for physicians and scientists to present research results to a global audience of oncology professionals. Clinical trial results and updates presented at ASCO's Annual Meeting represent the extent of progress made each year in the fight against cancer.
Conquer Cancer Foundation.
Established by the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), the Conquer Cancer Foundation (formerly the ASCO Cancer Foundation) is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization that supports clinical research in the field of oncology, patient education, and patient advocacy programs. It funds initiatives spearheaded by the Foundation itself, by ASCO, and by program partners that stand among the most passionate, respected organizations working today in the global campaign against cancer. The Conquer Cancer Foundation's focus extends from cancer prevention through diagnosis, treatment, end-of-life care, and survivorship.
Since the inception of its Grants and Awards Program in 1984, the Conquer Cancer Foundation has funded more than 800 researchers worldwide. The Conquer Cancer Foundation Grants and Awards Program provides funding for a multitude of innovative research initiatives, including the Young Investigator Award, the Career Development Award, and the Merit Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19149550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149550" title="Ethnic groups in London">
Ethnic groups in London

London, England, United Kingdom (population 8,174,100 in 2011) is one of the most ethnically diverse cities on earth.
As of 2007, there are over 300 languages spoken in it and more than 50 non-indigenous communities with a population of more than 10,000.
According to the 2011 Census, 44.9% of London's residents are White British. London is one of the few places in the United Kingdom in which White Britons comprise less than half of the total population. 37% of the population were born outside the UK, including 24.5% born outside of Europe. 
Black Population of London.
As of the 2011 Census, the total Black population of London stood at 1,088,640. This is a rise of 39% from the 2001 Census, when the population stood at 781,751.
Inner London and Outer London have a near-equal black population. The 2011 Census is the first time that the black population in Outer London has overtaken that of Inner London:
The black population of London is mainly concentrated in the South London area. Southwark has the highest Black African population, Croydon has the highest Black Caribbean population and Lambeth has the highest total black population in London. The twenty London boroughs with the highest total Black population (Black African, Black Caribbean and Other Black) are listed below:
Asian Population of London.
As of the 2011 Census, the total Asian population of London stood at 1,511,546. This is a rise of 60% from the 2001 Census, when the population stood at 947,425.
Outer London has a greater Asian population than Inner London:
The Asian population of London is concentrated across the city. Harrow has the highest Indian population, Redbridge has the highest Pakistani population and Tower Hamlets has the highest Bangladeshi and Chinese population. Newham has the highest total Asian population in London. The twenty London boroughs with the highest total Asian population (Indian, Pakistani, Bangladeshi, Chinese and Other Asian) are listed below.
Foreign Born Population.
As of the 2011 Census, 36.7% of London's population was foreign born (including 24.5% born outside of Europe). With 2,998,264 residents born abroad, London has the second highest foreign-born population of any city in the world.
Significant ethnic minority communities.
Bangladeshis.
A major wave of immigration began in the 1970s, as people from the Sylhet Division arrived in London, fleeing poverty and the Bangladesh Liberation War. Many settled around Brick Lane, where they entered the textile trade. This trade has declined causing unemployment, but the community has moved into other businesses, including restaurants and banking. The level of immigration peaked in 1986 and has since entered a decline with the introduction of harsher immigration laws.
The community remains concentrated around Bethnal Green and Whitechapel and has spread into other east London boroughs. London as a city is home to the single largest number of people of Bangladeshi origin outside of Bangladesh, with close to 200,000 individuals being of full Bangladeshi origin in 2007.
Chinese.
Chinese people constitute the fourth largest Asian group in London (behind the Indians, Pakistanis and Bangladeshis respectively); numbering 114,800 in 2007, they are spread more or less across the entire city and have become successful in British life, especially when it comes to cuisine. The history of the Chinese in London is long and complex, with the first Chinese people arriving in the city in the 19th century as sailors. See here for more information.
Ghanaians.
Besides Nigerians, Ghanaians are one of the largest Black African groups in London, with the majority living in the boroughs of Southwark, Lambeth, Newham, Hackney, Haringey, Lewisham, Merton, Croydon, Enfield and Brent.
Greeks.
According to the "History of London's Greek community" by Jonathan Harris, the Greek population of London numbered several thousand by 1870 AD whereas in 1850 AD it was just a few hundred. The 2001 Census recorded 12,360 Greek-born people living in London, with particular concentrations in the Hyde Park, Regent's Park, Chelsea and Kensington Census tracts.
The Census tracts with the highest number of Cypriot-born people in 2001 were Palmers Green, Upper Edmonton, Cockfosters, Lower Edmonton, Tottenham North and Tottenham South. Many Greek-Cypriots reside in Wood Green, Harringay and Palmers Green, the latter harbouring the largest community of Greek-Cypriots outside Cyprus, resulting in these areas bearing local nicknames whereby the "Green" is replaced by "Greek" – as in "Greek Lanes" and "Palmers Greek".
According to a City of London Corporation sponsored report, there are between 280,600 and 310,000 Greek speakers in Greater London.
Indians.
British Indians have long been one of London's largest ethnic minority groups and in 2007 over 500,000 Indians were residing in London (this excludes people of half or less Indian origin). Around 7% of London's population is of Indian origin. Indians have been in the British capital for generations and come from all walks of life.
Irish.
Irish migration to Great Britain has a lengthy history due to the close proximity of, and complex relationship between, the islands of Ireland and Great Britain and the various political entities that have ruled them. Today, millions of residents of Great Britain are either from the island of Ireland or have Irish ancestry. Around six million Britons have an Irish grandfather or grandmother (approximately 10% of the UK population). 900,000 ethnic Irish people live in the capital (12% of the city's population); despite this, some sources put the population of people of Irish descent in London at 77% (some five and a half million people), although the White British and White Irish populations combined are less than this.
Although such claims are often exaggerated and the Irish coming to Britain were not all purely Gaelic in heritage many had mixed Irish and British or purely British origins. There is also the case historically of many Brits moving to Ireland and moving back to Britain; but as their families had lived in Ireland for many generations saw themselves as Irish and called themselves as such. Many Protestant Irish had also moved to Britain. It also doesn't take into account of millions of English leaving London for Ireland and other countries. Yet only 2.2% claim white Irish ethnicity so it seems maby choose a white British ethnicity
Jamaicans.
There are records that show Black people, predominantly from Jamaica, living in London during the 17th and 18th centuries; but it was not until the arrival of the Empire Windrush, on 22 June 1948, that significant numbers of Caribbeans, in particular Jamaicans, arrived in the capital. This has since become an important landmark in the history of modern multicultural Britain. During the post World War II era, the presence of these immigrants was requested to help reconstruct the British economy. Employers such as British Rail, the NHS and London transport recruited almost exclusively from Jamaica. Some 250,000 Londoners are of Jamaican origin.
Japanese.
Junko Sakai, author of "Japanese Bankers in the City of London: Language, Culture and Identity in the Japanese Diaspora", stated that there is no particular location for the Japanese community in London, but that the families of Japanese "company men" have a tendency of living in North London and West London. Japanese restaurants and shops are located around these groups of Japanese people.
Nigerians.
London (in particular the southern boroughs) is home to the largest Nigerian community in the UK, and possibly the largest overseas Nigerian community in the world. The first Nigerians in London were those caught up in the slave trade over 200 years ago.
In the mid-20th century a wave of Nigerian immigrants came to London after hearing of the need for more skilled workers. Civil and political unrest in the country contributed to numerous refugees arriving in England. The vast majority of famous and notable British people of Nigerian origin were either born in or now live in London.
Peckham (also known as Little Lagos and Yorubatown) is home to one of the largest overseas Nigerian communities in the world; many of the local establishments are Yoruba-owned. Nigerian churches and mosques can be found in the area. As immigrants become assimilated, English is becoming the predominant language of the local Nigerian British population. The Yoruba language is declining in use in the Peckham area despite the increasing Nigerian population. In 2001, about 7% of Peckham's population was born in Nigeria. A much larger proportion of the ward's 60% Black population is of Nigerian descent, as 40% are of other African descent.
Pakistanis.
Pakistanis in London form the largest concentrated community of British Pakistanis; immigration from regions which now form Pakistan predate Pakistan's independence. The main concentrations of Pakistani settlement in London are found in Outer London with the boroughs of Redbridge, Newham and Waltham Forest accounting for nearly a third of Londoners of Pakistani Descent.

</doc>
<doc id="19149562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149562" title="Carl Banas">
Carl Banas

Carl Banas (born 1929) is a Toronto born radio personality and actor. As a TV actor he appeared in the series "Wojeck" as police detective Byron James, and provided voices for numerous TV series and features. He was also known as a radio personality on Toronto radio station CKFM-FM, later and more famouly known as MIX 99.9, (currently known as Virgin Radio 999) in the 1970s and 1980s. He mainly hosted weekday evenings, and was known for his deep voice, smooth manner and vignettes about Toronto featured during his show. In 1987 he moved to CJEZ-FM 97.3 "Easy 97" (currently known as 97.3 EZ Rock) where he continued hosting weekday evenings until he left the station and retired from radio.
Mr. Banas continues to be active in commercial work (voice-overs/narrations); most recently lending his considerable talents to "Talking Books" readings for international Christian development organization cbm Canada, based in Stouffville Ontario.
Mr. Banas also performed live readings of Dickens' "A Christmas Carol" every year before Christmas utilizing his voice skills to play multiple characters. One such performance was recorded and published by Polydor Records under the title "Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol and Other Yuletide Favorites". He also recorded voices for numerous TV commercials and cartoons. He is also one of three surviving cast members from Spider-Man (1967), the other two being Paul Soles and Chris Wiggins.

</doc>
<doc id="19149572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149572" title="Dəmirçilər (41° 05' N 45° 16' E), Qazakh">
Dəmirçilər (41° 05' N 45° 16' E), Qazakh

Dəmirçilər (also, Damirchilyar, Damirchilar, Demirchilar, and Demirchilyar) is a village and municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,341. 

</doc>
<doc id="19149588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149588" title="Jacques Locas">
Jacques Locas

Jacques Locas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19149597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149597" title="Peter Wood">
Peter Wood

Peter Wood or Peter Woods may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19149603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149603" title="1987 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Singles">
1987 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Singles

Guillermo Pérez-Roldán defeated Jay Berger 3–2 after Berger retired to win the 1987 Buenos Aires Grand Prix singles competition. Berger was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19149608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149608" title="Andriy Novak">
Andriy Novak

Andriy Novak (; born 6 December 1988 in Szczecin, Poland) is a professional Ukrainian footballer who currently plays for FC Nyva Ternopil.

</doc>
<doc id="19149609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149609" title="Dəmirçilər (41° 17' N 45° 11' E), Qazakh">
Dəmirçilər (41° 17' N 45° 11' E), Qazakh

Dəmirçilər is a village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
References.
Muaina Taualapini is the name O.K 
217 Buckland Road

</doc>
<doc id="19149626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149626" title="19th Tony Awards">
19th Tony Awards

The 19th Annual Tony Awards was broadcast on June 13, 1965 from The Astor Hotel in New York City on local television station WWOR-TV (Channel 9). The Masters of Ceremonies were Tom Bosley, Jose Ferrer, and Van Johnson.
The ceremony.
Presenters: George Abbott, Alan Alda, Robert Alda, Alan Arkin, Jean Pierre Aumont, Sidney Blackmer, Herschel Bernardi, Victor Borge, Gower Champion, Carol Channing, Barbara Cook, Farley Granger, George Grizzard, Sally Ann Howes, Anne Jeffreys, Bert Lahr, Piper Laurie, Bethel Leslie, Ethel Merman, Barry Nelson, Molly Picon, Maureen Stapleton, Jule Styne, Eli Wallach.
Performer: Lucine Amara 
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Award winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19149639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149639" title="Teddy Sears">
Teddy Sears

Edward M. "Teddy" Sears (born April 6, 1977) is an American television actor, known for his roles on "One Life to Live" and the TNT series "Raising the Bar".
Early life.
Sears was born in Washington, D.C and raised in Chevy Chase, Maryland. He attended high school at Landon School in Bethesda, MD. Sears played varsity football for the University of Maryland. carrying on the family tradition of athletic excellence inspired by his great-grandfather who won a gold medal in the 1912 Olympics for pistol shooting, and again by his aunt who took home a bronze in the 1956 Olympics for the 100-yard butterfly. He transferred and graduated from the University of Virginia with a degree in business management in 1999.
Career.
Sears' business career was sidetracked when he arrived in New York after graduation. After his first audition he wound up with a 2-year contract role on the daytime series "One Life to Live". Then, after several appearances on the "Law & Order" franchise and "Whoopi", he decided to pursue a two-year acting program with one of New York's top teachers, William Esper. This "serious" training ironically led to comedy stints on the "Late Show with David Letterman" and "Late Night with Conan O'Brien". Teddy landed his first studio film when he flew himself out to Los Angeles to read for an unrelated project. 
He co-starred on the TNT original series "Raising the Bar" portraying public defender Richard Patrick Woolsley.
Sears appeared in Joss Whedon's "Dollhouse", the Lifetime original film "The Client List", and as Thomas Cole in "The Defenders".
In 2013 he joined the cast of the Showtime drama "Masters of Sex", about the work of Masters and Johnson.
Personal.
Sears married actress Milissa Skoro on October 5, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19149656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149656" title="Mis'ry's Comin' Round">
Mis'ry's Comin' Round

"Mis'ry's Comin' Round" is a once-neglected song from the classic Kern and Hammerstein classic 1927 musical "Show Boat". It was cut from the production during the Washington D.C. tryout on the orders of producer Florenz Ziegfeld, supposedly because it was one of the factors that made the show too long (it ran four-and-a-half hours when it premiered). However, the real reason, according to musical theatre historian Miles Kreuger and conductor John McGlinn, was that the tone of the piece terrified Ziegfeld even more than "Ol' Man River", the song which has become the show's most famous musical number. Kern was reportedly so incensed by the deletion of "Mis'ry's Comin' Round" that he made it the principal motif of "Show Boats original overture and asked orchestrator Robert Russell Bennett to work sections of it into the background music as well, where it is now played by the orchestra during some of the dialogue scenes involving the mulatto actress Julie La Verne.
The song, which runs about five minutes, is an African-American lament of foreboding and impending doom sung by Queenie, the cook, and the African-American chorus, and, in the show, drives Julie, who has been passing as white, to near hysteria. It is supposed to be sung at the beginning of the rehearsal scene, which contains the sequence in which Julie and her white husband are revealed to be guilty of miscegenation by the local sheriff, who tries to arrest them. A fragment of the song's slow section is still actually sung by the black chorus during the scene, as well as in the 1936 film version of the show, but it does not build up to the fever pitch that Kern and Hammerstein originally conceived. 
In the 1951 film version of the show, an offscreen chorus hums the slow section of the song as Julie and Steve leave the boat, but the words are not sung. The song is not heard at all in the 1929 part-talkie film version.
The complete song was not restored to the show's score until EMI's landmark 1988 3-CD recording of the show's score with its original lyrics, orchestrations and vocal arrangements, and performed onstage complete for the first time since the Washington D.C. tryout of "Show Boat" when producer Harold Prince included it in the 1994 Broadway revival.

</doc>
<doc id="19149658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149658" title="Nischal (actor)">
Nischal (actor)

Nishal Chandra (born 29 June 1981 in Kuwait City, Kuwait) is a Malayalam actor, known during his childhood acting career simply as "Nischal".
Career.
Nischal was born to Chandra Mohan and Mani Mohan in Kuwait. He did most of his schooling in Kuwait until the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990, at which point he came to Kerala and joined Kendriya Vidyalaya, Pattom, Thiruvananthapuram. He was cast by music director M.G Radhakrishnan for the movie "Ayitham". He went on to do "Kizhakkunarum Pakshi" with director Venu Nagavally and "Aham" with director Rajiv Nath. Nischal was cast to play the lead role for a TV series "Chapalyam" for which he received the Kerala State's Best Child Actor award. Nischal then was cast as a child in "Jackpot". He followed this with a role as a sidekick in "Gandharvam". At this point in time, director Fazil got him a role in Tamil movie titled Kilipechu Kelkava.Nischal has worked with K.G George for a lead role alongside Mammootty in the movie "Elavankode Desham".In 1998, Nischal moved to the United States for his higher studies. He graduated with a Telecommunications degree in 2002.He went on to work as a consultant for a Wall Street investment bank. He started up the software company InfoSoft Solutions while in college and later Ambientwave Technologies.In 2004, Nischal was cast for the movie "For the People" and in 2006 he went on to perform in the sequel "By the People".
Personal life.
Nishal got married to the famous Malayalam actress Kavya Madhavan on 5 February 2009 at Kollur Mookambika Temple but shortly after filed for divorce. The couple got divorced in June 20, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19149659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149659" title="Kimlin Cider Mill">
Kimlin Cider Mill

The Kimlin Cider Mill is located on the east side of Cedar Avenue in the Town of Poughkeepsie, on approximately two acres of land. A mid-19th century barn forms the core of the cider mill. The Mill was part of a larger agricultural property owned and operated by the Kimlin family since the family first came to this country from Ireland in the early 1850s. A commercial cider business at this site in the 1880s.
During the period of 1925-1935, Ralph R. Kimlin began the work of expanding the old barn to include not only the cider mill but also a public attraction including a cafe and a museum room. Mr. Kimlin greatly altered the original form and composition of the old barn. He filled the museum room with old farm tools, wildlife taxidermy, Native American artifacts, and other curiosities.
For most of the 20th century the Kimlin Cider Mill operated as a producer and retail outlet for apple cider. Its popularity with local residents, particularly the area's schoolchildren and students from nearby Vassar College, prompted Ralph R. Kimlin to embellish the exterior of the building and to create indoor spaces for the enjoyment of his customers.
The property surrounding the Mill soon became a park. Mr. Kimlin also raised a sizable flock of sheep in the pasture behind the Mill with the hopes of preserving the traditional farm life that was once an integral part of life in the area, but which was already beginning to disappear at the time.
The Kimlin Cider Mill closed its doors in 1990. On February 20, 2008, the cider mill and remaining of the farm where purchased by Cider Mill Friends of Open Space & Historic Preservation, Inc., a grass roots citizens' group formed in May 2000, which became a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization in January 2001. The mission of the Cider Mill Friends is to protect open space and the historic resources in the Town of Poughkeepsie through restoration and advocacy programs and land acquisition. Through the efforts of the Cider Mill Friends, the Kimlin Cider Mill has been listed on the New York State and National Registers of Historic Places and designated as a Town of Poughkeepsie Historic Landmark.
Cider Mill Friends can be contacted through their web site.
Listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19149675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149675" title="The Perfect Crime (film)">
The Perfect Crime (film)

The Perfect Crime () is a 1978 Italian crime film directed by Giuseppe Rosati and starring Leonard Mann.

</doc>
<doc id="19149676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149676" title="Dəmirçilər, Qazakh">
Dəmirçilər, Qazakh

Dəmirçilər, Qazakh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19149683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149683" title="Odd Engström">
Odd Engström

Odd Erik Lennart Engström (20 September 1941 - 18 May 1998) was a politician of the Swedish Social Democratic Party. He was born in Silbodal, Årjäng, Värmland County, Sweden.
Engström served as one of two State Secretaries (the other was Ulf Larsson) to Prime Minister Olof Palme 1982-1983. From 1983 he served as Finance Secretary of Stockholm Municipality. From 1988 to 1990 he served as deputy Minister for Finance (Minister for Budget), and was the acting Minister for Finance for a short time in February 1990, after Kjell-Olof Feldt resigned. Engström then served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Sweden from 1990 to 1991. After the electoral loss of 1991, he was a member of the Parliament of Sweden from 1991 to 1993, when he resigned from his seat.
From 1995 he served as chairman of the board of investment company Kinnevik, where his friend Jan Stenbeck was the major owner.
Engström also did some amateur acting. In 1993 he had a small role in the TV series "Morsarvet", which was set in his native Värmland.
Engström died of a heart attack at age 56. (According to journalist Jutta Rabe he died the day before he wanted to give an interview about the real cause of the sinking of the MS Estonia.)

</doc>
<doc id="19149699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149699" title="Pierre Lacroix">
Pierre Lacroix

Pierre Lacroix may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19149717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149717" title="Union Carbide Headquarters">
Union Carbide Headquarters

Union Carbide Headquarters might refer to one of the following buildings that served at the corporate headquarters of the Union Carbide company:

</doc>
<doc id="19149720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149720" title="Take You There (Pete Rock &amp; CL Smooth song)">
Take You There (Pete Rock &amp; CL Smooth song)

"Take You There" is the second single from Pete Rock & CL Smooth's second album, "The Main Ingredient", released in 1994. The song samples "Keep Rising To The Top" by Keni Burke. It features vocalist Crystal Johnson on the chorus. The B-side is a remix of the album track "Get On The Mic" from "The Main Ingredient". The song peaked at #76 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Excerpts.
Pete Rock: 
CL Smooth:
Track listing.
1. "Take You There" (LP Version) (4:25)<br>
2. "Take You There" (LP Instrumental) (4:49)<br>
3. "Take You There" (Remix) (4:55)<br>
4. "Take You There" (Acappella) (2:48)<br>
1. "Get On The Mic" (LP Version) (4:03)<br>
2. "Get On The Mic" (Remix) (4:05)<br>
3. "Get On The Mic" (LP Instrumental) (4:04)

</doc>
<doc id="19149722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149722" title="Charles Collins Thompson">
Charles Collins Thompson

Charles Collins Thompson (July 3, 1898–August 5, 1983) was a Texas judge, attorney, banker and rancher. He was a native of Erath County, Texas. He was the son of Charles Madison Thompson (1862–1942) and Annie Margaret Jane Altman (1871–1937).
Background.
Thompson never graduated from college but was admitted to the bar after passing the examination in 1923. He was elected County Judge of Mitchell County in 1924. In 1932 he was one of the primary organizers of the Mitchell County Agricultural Credit Corporation, and was elected chairman of the Mitchell County School Board in 1933. He continued in that capacity until 1978. That year he was appointed to the Executive Committee of Texas Cherokees and Associate Bands by Judge Foster T. Bean, (although he was not of Cherokee descent but was of Choctaw (Yowani Choctaws) and Chickasaw descent through Margaret McCoy-Thompson, his great grandmother. He remained on the Executive Committee until 1980. In 1935 was elected to the board of directors of City National Bank in Colorado City, Texas and was serving as its president in 1938 and in 1955 as its board of directors chairman. 
In 1943 he was appointed a director of the Tenth District Farm Credit Board of Houston and was elected its chairman in 1952. Of his many notable achievements, his appointment in 1957 by US President Dwight D. Eisenhower to chair the credit committee of the Drought Conference in Wichita, Kansas, was one of his proudest. Thompson's commitment to farmers and ranchers in dire financial circumstances gained him the nickname of "Mr. Farm Credit".
In 1971 he pushed his way onto the national scene by taking a leading role in getting the Farm Credit Act passed. This led to his being named "Man of the Year in Texas Agriculture" in 1972 by "Progressive Farmer" magazine. Further, his involvement as a Director of the Texas Electric Service Company proved to be instrumental in the subsequent building of Lake Colorado City.
Charles Thompson was appointed by Texas Governor James B. Allred in 1937, to serve on the board of directors of Texas Technological College (now Texas Tech University). In 1958, Texas Tech awarded him an honorary doctorate and a dormitory was named in his honor. The university honored him again in 1978 by establishing the Charles C. Thompson Professorship in Agricultural Finance through the College of Agricultural Sciences.
Later Life and Family.
In addition to his involvement with helping farmers, Charles was also interested in developing his local business community. With his eye on growth he served as President of the Colorado City Chamber of Commerce for five years and served for over twenty-five years on various committees of the West Texas Chamber of Commerce. Finally, he was also a devout Christian as both a member and Sunday School teacher of the First United Methodist Church in Colorado City.
Thompson married Ewell Gary on September 12, 1922. She died in 1955. Following her death, Charles married Emabeth Pittman on January 21, 1956. He had no children from either marriage. He died in Mitchell County, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19149724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149724" title="Weingarten equations">
Weingarten equations

Weingarten equations give expansion of the derivative of the unit normal vector to a surface in terms of the first derivatives of the position vector of this surface. These formulas were established in 1861 by German mathematician Julius Weingarten.
Statement in classical differential geometry.
Let "S" be a surface in three-dimensional Euclidean space that is parametrized by position vector r("u", "v") of the surface. Let "P" = "P"("u", "v") be a fixed point on this surface. Then
are the tangent vectors at point "P".
Let n be the unit normal vector and let ("E", "F", "G") and ("L", "M", "N") be the coefficients of the first and second fundamental forms of this surface, respectively. The Weingarten equation gives the first derivative of the unit normal vector n at point "P" in terms of tangent vectors ru and rv:

</doc>
<doc id="19149743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149743" title="Idalmis Gato">
Idalmis Gato

Idalmis Gato (born August 30, 1971) is a Cuban volleyball player world champion and Olympic champion. She was a member of the Cuban winning team at the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Olympic games.
She became world champion in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19149827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149827" title="Whiskey Drinking Woman">
Whiskey Drinking Woman

Whiskey Drinking Woman is a music album by the Swedish Heavy metal band Overload. It was released 1990. It was their debut album, it was produced by Overload and Bror Törnell.

</doc>
<doc id="19149829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149829" title="Tropical Storm Karina (2008)">
Tropical Storm Karina (2008)

Tropical Storm Karina was a weak, short-lived tropical cyclone that developed during the 2008 Pacific hurricane season. The 12th tropical cyclone and 11th named storm of the season, it originated out of a tropical wave in the North Atlantic hurricane basin. The wave entered the Pacific Ocean on August 30 and spawned an area of low pressure off the western coast of Mexico on the morning of September 1. The low had become sufficiently organized to be declared a tropical depression the next morning. The depression quickly developed into a tropical storm later in the morning, at which time it was named Karina and reached its peak intensity of 40 miles per hour (65 km/h) with a minimum pressure of 1000 mbar (hPa; 29.54 inHg). Later that day, after being classified a tropical storm for 12 hours, wind shear weakened the storm to a depression on September 3 and it dissipated shortly thereafter.
Meteorological history.
Tropical Storm Karina originated from the southern portion of the tropical wave—a tropical wave is an elongated low pressure area embedded within the easterly trade winds—that also spawned Hurricane Gustav in the Caribbean Sea. The wave crossed Central America and entered the eastern Pacific basin on August 28. After two days, the wave spawned an area of low pressure south of Manzanillo, Mexico. The low was located beneath an area of moderate convection, but was nearing cooler waters and a moist, yet stable, air mass. By later that night, a low-level circulation developed partially underneath deep thunderstorm activity. In an area favorable for development, a tropical cyclone formation alert was issued on September 2. However, strong easterly shear separated the showers and thunderstorms from the center of circulation. Despite the shear, sufficient convection developed around the center; the National Hurricane Center (NHC) classified it a tropical depression at 0600 UTC, while centered about 390 miles (630 km) south of the southern tip of Baja California. The NHC initially did not recognize the system as a tropical depression and did not initiate advisories on it until several hours later. The depression quickly intensified into a tropical storm due to a brief relaxation of the wind shear and was given the name "Karina" while located about 25 mi (40 km) north of Socorro Island.
Karina was located to the south of a weakening mid-level ridge, leading to a relatively slow west-northwest movement at 9 mph (15 km/h). Upon becoming a tropical storm, Karina reached its peak with winds of 40 mph (65 km/h). There was uncertainty as to the intensity of the storm, as the Dvorak technique—a system used to estimate the intensity of a tropical cyclone—rendered an intensity of 50 mph (80 km/h); but because the center of the storm had just moved under the deep convection, the winds were held at minimal tropical storm intensity. That night, 12 hours after being declared a tropical storm, Karina was downgraded to a tropical depression. Strong easterly wind shear of at least 25 mph (40 km/h) tore away the deep convection that previously surrounded Karina. Karina was moving into a stable environment over cooling waters which would prevent convection from redeveloping, despite a forecast of lessening wind shear. The forward motion gradually decreased. By the morning of September 3, convection had been sheared 125 mi (200 km) from the center of circulation, leaving only a swirl of clouds. Karina degenerated into a remnant low-pressure area later that morning and the NHC issued their final advisory. The remnant low quickly dissipated that afternoon.
Preparations and impact.
When the National Hurricane Center issued its first advisory on Karina, the storm was near the island of Socorro. There were no known preparations taken before the storm, as the island is mainly a natural reserve and the only inhabitants reside in a military base. On Clarion Island, residents took minor actions to prepare for possible impact from the storm. Officials advised residents to cancel all coastal activities and comply with advice from the National Civil Protection. Small crafts were advised to exercise extreme caution. In Cabo San Lucas, officials closed the port due to high waves produced by Karina; small crafts such as water taxis and jet skis were to remain at the port. Port officials in Oaxaca and Chiapas advised boaters of strong winds, rain, and low visibility that they may encounter when nearing the seas around Karina. Despite the proximity to Socorro, no damage was reported and Karina remained far enough away from Clarion that there was no impact on the island. There were no ship reports of tropical storm-force winds.

</doc>
<doc id="19149840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149840" title="Demirli">
Demirli

Demirli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19149845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149845" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres hurdles">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 400 metres hurdles

These are the official results of the Women's 400 metres Hurdles event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 28 participating athletes, with four qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Wednesday 1999-08-25 at 20:45h.
Semi-Finals.
<br>
Qualifying heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19149848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149848" title="St. Cyprian's Church, Sneinton">
St. Cyprian's Church, Sneinton

St Cyprian's Church, Sneinton is a parish church in the Church of England in Sneinton, Nottingham.
History.
The church was built in 1935 by the architect C.E. Howitt. Construction work started in 1934 and the building was consecrated by Henry Mosley, the Bishop of Southwell on 15 May 1935. The estimated cost was £8,500 (£ as of ), most of which came from the Diocese of Southwell from the sale of the site of the former St. Paul's Church, George Street, Nottingham.
The church is Anglo-Catholic and has passed Resolutions A B and C of the Act of Synod and is under the Episcopal care of the Bishop of Beverley.
Medieval font.
The font is the oldest item in the church. It is believed to be 13th or 14th Century and was found in a field between Gedling and Shelford. At the time of its discovery it was in use as a horse trough; the damage on the rim of the font is attributed to contact with the horses’ tack.
The font’s original location is thought to have been Saxondale chapel, which was part of Shelford Priory. The chapel was demolished in the 15th Century.
When found it found a home in St Michael and All Angels, Foxhall Road (no longer standing). From there it was moved to St Cyprian’s old church, and finally to the new building.
Organ.
The organ was built by E. Wragg & Son and installed in 1935. It incorporated pipework from the organ in St. James' Church, Standard Hill. The specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19149855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149855" title="Southern Alabama Railroad">
Southern Alabama Railroad

The Southern Alabama Railroad was a shortline railroad formerly operating between a connection with CSX Transportation at Troy to Goshen, Alabama, about . The railroad currently exists as the Conecuh Valley Railroad subsidiary of Gulf and Ohio Railways.
The railroad was controlled by Richard Abernathy, the owner of several shortlines in the South. The Southern Alabama railroad operated only at Troy, with the remainder of the line to Goshen embargoed for the majority of the shortline's operational history.
History.
Originally constructed by the Mobile and Girard Railroad (later Central of Georgia) from Columbus to Searight between 1870 - 1891, the line eventually connected with the Louisville and Nashville Railroad at Andalusia, Alabama. The Central of Georgia became part of the Southern Railway in 1963, and the Southern Railway became part of the Norfolk Southern Railway in 1990.
The line between Goshen and Gantt was abandoned September 13, 1982. The segment between Troy and Goshen was then sold to the Abernathy Group on October 31, 1988. Abandonment of the Hurtsboro to Troy portion by Norfolk Southern occurred March 8, 1989, leaving CSX in Troy as the only other railroad connection to the Southern Alabama railroad.
The railroad was sold to Gulf & Ohio Railways and renamed the Conecuh Valley Railroad on November 7, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19149856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149856" title="Wiley Drake">
Wiley Drake

Wiley S. Drake (born November 23, 1943) is a California-based minister and radio host. He was the vice-presidential candidate for the America's Independent Party ticket in California in 2008. Drake has drawn controversy for his use of imprecatory prayer. He is the pastor of the First Southern Baptist Church of Buena Park in Buena Park, California.
Background.
Drake grew up in Magnolia, Arkansas. He spent much of his time with his grandfather, Hamp Smead Beasley, a horse trader who took him to revival meetings. After winning a rodeo purse at fourteen, he joined the rodeo circuit. He joined the Navy at seventeen and served on the 'Kitty Hawk'.
Homeless ministry.
During the 1980s and 1990s, Drake clashed with officials of the city of Buena Park when he "turned his church parking lot and a church recreation building into a makeshift homeless shelter...", housing groups of homeless persons for months at a time. This activity led to his conviction in July 1997 of violation of building and property usage codes.
Disney boycott and Hormel nomination.
Drake wrote the resolution at the Southern Baptist Covention in 1996 calling for a boycott of the Walt Disney Corporation over its decision to "promote homosexuality over family values," by granting health benefits to gay and lesbian partners of employees. At that time, Drake described homosexuality as "abnormal, biologically unhealthy, as well as contrary to Bible teachings." Drake later protested an unofficial "Gay Day" celebration held at Disneyland in 1998.
He also campaigned against the appointment of a gay man, former University of Chicago dean James Hormel, as ambassador to Luxembourg. "We need to speak out and say we do not want an avowed homosexual to represent the U.S," Drake said in 1997.
Huckabee Endorsement Scandal, 2008.
In early 2008, Drake, the pastor for the First Southern Baptist Church of Buena Park, was a vocal supporter of former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee's presidential campaign. He sent out a letter personally endorsing Huckabee. Because the letter was on church stationery, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) began investigating Drake for possibly endorsing a political candidate as a church leader; such electioneering by churches is forbidden as a condition for churches' tax-exempt status.
Drake's possible violation of federal tax law was reported to the IRS by an advocacy group called Americans United for Separation of Church and State (AU). Drake called on supporters to use imprecatory prayer to pray for the punishment and even deaths of certain AU members, drawing controversy.
In May 2008, Drake announced that he had been cleared of any wrongdoing by the IRS.
Vice presidential campaign.
Drake ran for Vice President of the United States in 2008, along with presidential candidate Alan Keyes, on the American Independent Party ticket in the state of California.
Response to the assassination of Dr. George Tiller.
Drake was widely criticized for his response to the murder of abortion provider George Tiller on May 31, 2009. Drake stated on his Crusade Radio Program, "I am glad George Tiller is dead." He called Tiller “a brutal, murdering monster" and said he is "grateful to God" that the physician was killed. He also said, "This man, George Tiller, was far greater in his atrocities than Adolf Hitler." Religion journalist Cary McMullen has written that, in the wake of Tiller's death, Drake "has gone from being outspoken to being dangerously outspoken, perhaps criminally so."
Imprecatory prayer controversy, 2009.
On "The Alan Colmes Show" on June 2, 2009, Drake stated that he is engaging in imprecatory prayer, praying for God to kill President Barack Obama, who he claimed needed to "turn his life around." In 2008 he was party to a lawsuit in federal court, "Captain Pamela Barnett v. Barack Hussein Obama", which claimed that Barack Obama was not an American citizen and therefore ineligible to be President of the United States. Also in 2008 he said that God would punish Rick Warren for agreeing to give the benediction at the inauguration of Obama, who he called an "evil illegal alien". He had previously used such prayers against employees of the Internal Revenue Service, Americans United for Separation of Church and State, and George Tiller.
In response to Drake's comments about Obama, the Southern Baptist Convention's Sing Oldham stated: "Mr. Drake does not represent Southern Baptist actions, resolutions, or positions in his interpretation and application of imprecatory prayers. ...Any comments made by Wiley Drake on this subject represent his personal views, not those of the Convention." Keith Olbermann, a television host on MSNBC, named Drake the "worst person in the world" in response to the revelation.
Nakoula custody, 2013.
On September 26, 2013, Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, aka Mark Basseley Youssef, producer of an anti-Muslim film that was blamed for violence in parts of the Middle East, was released from a halfway house to the custody of Pastor Wiley Drake.

</doc>
<doc id="19149859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149859" title="Zerilli-Marimò Prize for Italian Fiction">
Zerilli-Marimò Prize for Italian Fiction

The Zerilli-Marimò Prize for Italian Fiction is an Italian American literary award funded by Baroness Mariuccia Zerilli-Marimò. The award winning book is selected as being especially worthy of the attention of readers in North America and the English-speaking world. The prize is sponsored by various organizations, among which New York University, Harvard University, and the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The jury consists of 70 members who are fluent in Italian, but of non-European nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="19149914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149914" title="Peter Wood (director)">
Peter Wood (director)

Peter Wood (born 8 October 1927, Colyton, Devon, England) is an English award-winning theatre and film director.
Amongst his early stage work was direction of Harold Pinter's debut work, "The Birthday Party" at the Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith, and later Joe Orton's "Loot".

</doc>
<doc id="19149916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149916" title="Dashbulag">
Dashbulag

Dashbulag may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19149931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149931" title="Frederick Augusta Barnard">
Frederick Augusta Barnard

Sir Frederick Augusta Barnard KCH FRS (1 September 1743 – 27 January 1830) was principal librarian to George III during much of the English King's reign. Barnard developed the library collection systematically, seeking guidance from noted intellectuals including writer and lexicographer Dr. Samuel Johnson.
Birth and parentage.
Frederick Augusta Barnard was the son of John Barnard (†1773), a Gentleman Usher, Quarterly Waiter and Page of the Backstairs to Frederick, Prince of Wales. His mother was Elizabeth Smith, who had married John Barnard at Berwick Street Chapel, St James, Westminster, in 1740/1. Barnard was born 1 September 1743 and was baptised at St James, Westminster, 30 September 1743, and was almost certainly a godson of the Prince and his wife Princess Augusta of Saxe-Coburg. 
When Barnard died (1830), The Gentleman's Magazine stated 'He was presumed to be a natural son of Frederick, Prince of Wales', a statement repeated in the same magazine in 1834, repeated in Edward Edwards, "Lives of the founders of the British Museum" (1870), page 468, and several subsequent reference works, and perpetuated by a descendant, the herald James Arnold Frere, in his "The British Monarchy at home" (1963), pages 42, 45 and 139.
The claim, not based on any earlier record, seems to have originated in the belief that Barnard was Prince Frederick's son by his mistress Anne Vane, the daughter of Lord Barnard, as has been stated by one genealogist, but since Anne died in 1736, that is not possible. That he was the son of John Barnard is proved by the latter's will, dated 2 April 1772, which quotes the terms of his marriage settlement, dated 26 June 1741, which made provision of £5,000 for his wife if she survived him, and then for her children. The will states 'whereas my late wife has departed this life leaving three children by her body by me (viz) the said Elizabeth Barnard and Frederick Augusta Barnard and Mary Barnard now all living". The will further mentions related orders of the Court of Chancery on 24 February 1762 when Samuel Wright was ordered to pay £5,000 to the Accountant General (John's wife Elizabeth having presumably died), and on 28 June 1768 when application was successfully made for the funds, all the children having attained their majorities. The £5,000 was then bequeathed to the three children, the son receiving less than the daughters, he "being happily provided for in his Majesty's service".
Early career.
Barnard's introduction to royal service was as Page of the Backstairs to George III, appointed to that post on 26 December 1760. By 1773 he was Librarian at Buckingham Palace, a post he held until 1830.
The Royal Library.
On George III's accession in 1760, he found a Royal Library of little substance since the Old Royal Library had been moved from St James's Palace in 1708, and donated to the new British Museum by George II in 1757. The library that George III inherited consisted of a few collections scattered among the various royal residences.
Early in his reign George determined to start a new library worthy of a monarch, and reflecting his patronage, taste and power. As a first step, he acquired in 1763 the library of Joseph Smith (1682-1770), former British Consul at Venice. Smith's collection contained many classics that were important examples of early printing. Starting around this period George delegated buyers to attend all major book sales in London and the Continent. Single volumes, private collections and large numbers of books from Jesuit libraries that had closed down, found their way to London and the new library.
George continued enlarging his library for some fifty years. He acquired the best books at the auctions of West, Ratcliffe and Askew, and continued buying up to the Roxburghe sale of 1812. Messrs Nicol, the booksellers, were his usual agents, though he retrieved from the Continent some priceless incunabula through Horn of Ratisbon, a notorious plunderer of the German convents.
This collection, which came to be known as the King's Library, held numerous volumes on classical, English and Italian literature, European history and religion, and had examples of early printing, including a copy of the Gutenberg Bible, and William Caxton's first edition of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales. The collection included less-scholarly material, such as current magazines and newspapers. Numerous manuscripts and bound volumes of maps and topographical views rounded off the collection. The library had grown to some 65 000 volumes and 19 000 pamphlets by the time of George's death (1820).
A policy was eventually instituted of making the library's resources freely available to scholars, but initially George regarded the collection as his personal property and only grudgingly allowed access to Joseph Priestley and the American revolutionary John Adams, though Samuel Johnson was always welcomed. 
The collection was first housed in the Old Palace at Kew, then was moved to the Octagon Library which had been specially constructed at the Queen's House or Buckingham House, on the site of the present Buckingham Palace. Here it remained until George IV, after his father's death in 1820, decided to rebuild Buckingham House into a suitable palace for himself. George IV had little interest in the library, and he donated it to the British public in 1823.
Catalogue.
For a long time George III had wanted a catalogue of the collection published, but kept postponing this. It became evident after 1812 that he would not recover from his condition, and Queen Charlotte and the Prince Regent urged that the catalogue be finalised. Barnard compiled and published it as "Bibliothecae Regiae Catalogus" printed by W. Bulmer & W. Nicol of London between 1820 and 1829 in five folio volumes. Although it was never offered for sale to the public, copies were presented to the crowned heads of Europe and important libraries in the United Kingdom and elsewhere.
Later life.
Barnard had been elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in 1789 and a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1790. He was distressed to witness the dispersal of the collection he had helped to assemble, but he was made Knight Commander of the Order of the Guelphs (Knight of Hanover, or K.C.H.) in 1828.
Family.
On 28 October 1776 Barnard married Catherine Byde, the daughter of John Byde at St. George Hanover Square, London. They had a son, George, and possibly a daughter. Catherine died in 1837.
Barnard lived for most of his working life in a Grace and favour apartment in St James's Palace and died there 27 January 1830, aged 87.
Barnard's will of 2 July 1827 mentions a house at Twickenham and named his wife as principal beneficiary, and also made provision for his grandson. Barnard was buried in a vault under St Martin-in-the-Fields, London, 3 February 1830, but he and his wife were removed to Kensal Green Cemetery, 1 February 1859.
Barnard's son, George (1777–1817) had a son, also named George, who died in 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="19149949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149949" title="Oleksandr Sytnik">
Oleksandr Sytnik

Oleksandr Sytnik (born 7 July 1984 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club Olimpik Donetsk. He spent time with Metalurh Donetsk after a summer transfer season of 2007 from Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk. In 2009 he played several games for Zakarpattia Uzhhorod and in April 2010 signed with Zirka Kirovohrad.

</doc>
<doc id="19149963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149963" title="Seweweekspoortpiek">
Seweweekspoortpiek

Seweweekspoortpiek (Afrikaans for ‘Seven Weeks Defile Peak’) is a peak in the Western Cape, South Africa. It is the highest mountain in the Cape Fold Belt and the highest point in the Western Cape province. Along with its western neighbor, Du Toits Peak, it qualifies as an Ultra and these are the only two in the western part of the country.
It is located in the Klein Swartberg range, close to the Seweweekspoort mountain pass.

</doc>
<doc id="19149980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149980" title="Ann Street Halt railway station">
Ann Street Halt railway station

Ann Street Halt railway station served an area of Widnes in Cheshire, England. It was located on the former St Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway.
History.
Opened by the London and North Western Railway as a railmotor halt, it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, only to be closed by the British Transport Commission three years later.
The site today.
The site is buried under road developments.

</doc>
<doc id="19149988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19149988" title="Ikar v'tafel">
Ikar v'tafel

"Ikar v'tafel" (, "primary and secondary") is a principle in Jewish law that governs the proper blessing that is assigned to any particular food prior to consumption (B.Berachot 44a).
Overview.
Prior to consuming any food or beverage, a Jew must recite a blessing to express his or her gratitude to God for providing sustenance; additionally, because the entire world is believed to be in the possession of the Almighty, specific praise must be offered to God prior to deriving benefit (B.Berachot 35a).
There are different blessings for each of the different halachic food groups:
When an individual eats two foods together, one of which is primary and the other of which is subsidiary to it, only one blessing is recited, as stated in B.Mishna Berachot 6:7:
While the laws governing this principle are complex, some of its basic rules are straightforward. It pertains only to foods eaten in a combined form. One who has a cookie and tea must make two blessings, one on each of the items. It is when one is eating something akin to apple pie, beef stew or stuffed cabbage, which are foods consisting of multiple parts (crust and pie, beef and potatoes or meat and cabbage, respectively) that the principle of "ikar v'tafel" is applied (Aruch Hashulchan" 212:1, 2).

</doc>
<doc id="19150012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150012" title="Quiet Fire">
Quiet Fire

Quiet Fire is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Roberta Flack, released in November 1971 by Atlantic Records. It was recorded at Atlantic Recording Studios, Regent Studios, and The Hit Factory in New York City. The album peaked at number 18 on the "Billboard" Top LPs & Tape, and its single "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" charted at number 76 on the Hot 100.
Critical reception.
In a contemporary review for "The Village Voice", music critic Robert Christgau gave the album a "C" grade, indicating "a record of clear professionalism or barely discernible inspiration, but not both." He commented that Flack occasionally "sounds kind, intelligent, and very likable, but she often exhibits the gratuitous gentility you'd expect of anyone who said 'between you and I.'"
In a retrospective review, "The Rolling Stone Album Guide" (1992) gave "Quiet Fire" two out of five stars and criticized that it "barely sparks at all". By contrast, Allmusic's Stephen Cook gave it four-and-a-half out of five stars and cited it as "one of Flack's best". He felt that its "varied mix all comes off sounding seamless" and stated, "Forgoing the full-throttled delivery of, say, Aretha Franklin, Flack translates the pathos of gospel expression into measured intensity and sighing, elongated phrases."

</doc>
<doc id="19150017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150017" title="CemAir">
CemAir

History.
CemAir (Pty) Ltd is a privately owned, limited liability company incorporated under the laws of South Africa. The company was formed in 2005 with the purpose of operating turboprop commuter aircraft. The initial fleet consisted of 1 x Cessna Grand Caravan and 3 x Beechcraft 1900Cs. CemAir has developed into a specialised aircraft leasing company offering turboprop and jet aircraft to a variety of operators throughout sub-Saharan Africa, Asia and the Indian Ocean islands. The company is a South African Part 121 (Large aircraft operator), Part 135 (Small aircraft operator) and holds SACAA issued AOC (Air Operator Certificates) in both of these categories. The Air Service Licensing Council has issued the company with Domestic & International licenses, both Scheduled & Non-Scheduled. In addition, CemAir holds approval from the SACAA for a Part 145 AMO (Approved Maintenance Organisation). 
The management structure conforms to the ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organisation) model and has six full-time post holders for complete oversight of flight operations and maintenance. The duties and responsibilities of each position are documented with frequent internal and external audits to ensure compliance.
The organisation runs an ICAO based Safety Management System (SMS) conforming to the requirements of ICAO Safety Management Standards & Recommended Practises (SARPs) and ICAO Doc 9859.
The company is a member of the Flight Safety Foundation and is in the process of completing its third BARS audit. BARS (Basic Aviation Risk Standard) is a move towards audit standardization using a risk-based model based on best practise aviation safety principles and tailored to the needs of the resource sector, mainly the mining industry. Two additional resource based audits have been successfully concluded by Hart Aviation to ensure that CemAir's operating and maintenance standards are acceptable to companies in the oil, gas and petroleum industry.
Destinations.
Based at OR Tambo International Airport, South Africa, a large portion of the fleet is deployed outside of South Africa and the aircraft periodically rotate back to base for selected inspections. The main foreign deployments are to Nigeria and Senegal in West Africa as well as Juba in South Sudan. In these locations, CemAir has created SACAA approved Line Stations to conduct flight operations and to carry out the required maintenance programs.
Domestically, CemAir operates daily services from OR Tambo International Airport to Lephalale (previously Ellisras) and to Sishen in the Northern Cape. In addition, on Friday 1st November 2013, the inaugural flight was conducted to the coastal town of Margate. This is the air transport hub for the South African Hibiscus Coast. All these services utilise Beech 1900D aircraft. The company provides a web-based sales channel for the purchase of e-tickets. 
The traditional methods are available for those who may not wish to use electronic services.
Non-scheduled services are undertaken to a diverse range of destinations both within and outside South Africa. These individually chartered flights have encompassed diplomatic, business and tourist activities. 
The company has operating and leasing experience throughout Africa and the Middle East, including:
Fleet.
The CemAir fleet consists of the following aircraft:
Maintenance.
The maintenance arm of CemAir has been accredited by the South African Civil Aviation Authority with the necessary approval to include the maintenance of the Bombardier CRJ to be conducted along with the Beechcraft 1900s at the OR Tambo base by the company's own technical staff. This facility has the capability to carry out maintenance up to the C-check on the CRJ and all maintenance inspections on the Beech 1900 including the changing of all major components such as engines, propellors etc. Apart from specialised activities like painting or Non-Destructive Testing, all maintenance is carried out in-house.
Head Office.
CemAir's head office and engineering (maintenance) facility are located at OR Tambo International Airport, previously Johannesburg International Airport, (ICAO:FAOR), 25 km North-East of Johannesburg. This is one of only two official Ports of Entry for Gauteng Province, the other being Lanseria(ICAO:FALA).
The fully equipped Flight Operations Control Centre is housed within the Head office and operates between the hours of 05h00 - 20h00 during the week and as required at weekends. A reservations and ticket sales office operates from the same premises during normal office hours. 
In addition, this facility is the primary parts stores and logistics hub of the operation.
Accidents and incidents.
CemAir suffered two hull losses in 2008 with aircraft leased out to 3rd parties, one in the Sudan and the other in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="19150031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150031" title="Plex (software)">
Plex (software)

Plex is a media player system consisting of a player application with a 10-foot user interface and an associated media server. It is available for Mac OS X, Linux, and Microsoft Windows.
Plex's frontend media player, "Plex Home Theater" (formerly "Plex Media Center"), allows the user to manage and play video, photos, music, and podcasts from a local or remote computer running "Plex Media Server". In addition, the integrated "Plex Online" service provides the user with a growing list of community-driven plugins for online content including Hulu, Netflix, and CNN video.
Before the release of the closed source Plex Home Theater in November 2013, Plex Media Center's source code was initially forked from XBMC Media Center on May 21, 2008; this fork is still used today as a front end media player on Linux for Plex's media server backend media host component. Plex Media Server, unlike the open source frontend, is proprietary software.
Background.
Plex began as a freeware hobby project but since 2010 has evolved into a commercial software business that is owned and developed by a single for-profit startup company, Plex, Inc. It is a high tech company based in the United States that is responsible for the development of the Plex Home Theater and Plex Media Server front-end and back-ends, its client–server model, and all accompanying software under the ""Plex"" brand name, as well as the Exclusive copyright of the closed source proprietary software parts, both when distributed on its own or when it comes as third-party software component in products by other manufacturers via a strategic partnership.
Plex Home Theater.
"Plex Home Theater" is the main front-end media player component of the Plex platform ecosystem, which is now since November 2013 completely based on closed source and proprietary software. Its predecessor, "Plex Media Center" was initially forked from XBMC back in 2008, Both Plex Home Theater and Plex Media Center allows users to browse and play local media, as well as utilize plugins and content which are hosted by a "Plex Media Server".
Plex media player software supports a wide range of multimedia formats and includes features such as playlists, audio visualizations, slideshows, weather forecasts reporting, and an expanding array of third-party plugins. As a media player software, Plex can play most audio and video file formats, as well as display images from many sources, including CD/DVD-ROM drive, USB flash drives, the Internet, and local area network shares. DVD playback is not yet fully integrated and requires the use of helper applications like Apple's DVD Player. Plex media player software can also play files from local hard disk drive, or streaming over SMB/SAMBA/CIFS shares (Windows File-Sharing), ReplayTV DVRs, or UPnP (Universal Plug and Play) and DLNA shares and media servers. Plex is designed to take advantage of an Internet connection if available, using TheMovieDB (TMDB.ORG) to obtain thumbnails and synopsis of movies, TheTVDB for TV show thumbnails and metadata, CDDB (via FreeDB) for audio CD track listings, and AMG for album cover images. It also has music and video playlists, slideshows, a karaoke function, and many audio visualizers and screensavers.
Plex media player software is able to decode high-definition video up to 1080p. With the appropriate hardware, Plex supports hardware decoding of H.264 video.
Plex Home Theater (and Plex Media Center) can be controlled remotely using an Apple or Harmony remote control, or via mobile apps.
The "Video Library," one of the Plex metadata databases, is a key feature of Plex. It allows for the automatic organization of video content by information associated with the video files (movies and recorded TV Shows) themselves. The Library Mode view in Plex allows the user to browse video content by categories such as Genre, Title, Year, Actors and Directors.
The "Music Library", one of the Plex metadata databases, is another key feature of Plex. It allows for the automatic organization of a music collection by information stored in the ID meta tags, like title, artist, album, genre and popularity.
For audio playback, Plex includes the audio-player called PAPlayer (Psycho-Acoustic Audio Player) which was originally developed in-house by the XBMC developers. Some of this audio-player core's most notable features are on-the-fly audio frequency resampling, gapless playback, crossfading, ReplayGain, cue sheet and Ogg Chapter support.
Plex Media Server.
"Plex Media Server" is the back-end media server component of Plex, which is closed source as proprietary software. Introduced in 2009, Plex Media Server is used to host the content and plugins that are then streamed to Plex Home Theater or Plex Media Center and Plex mobile app clients, either on the same machine, the same local area network, or over the Internet. In addition to the platforms supported by the front end, the server is also available for Linux. Plex Media Server can be configured to index content in any directory on the machine it is run on, as well as automatically acquiring iTunes, iPhoto, and Aperture content. Content may be transcoded by the server before it is streamed in order to reduce bandwidth requirements, or for compatibility with the device being streamed to.
Plex Media Server allows extensibility through the addition of plug-ins. Many of these plug-ins are available through the built-in "Plex Online" digital distribution service. This service can be used directly within Plex Home Theater or Plex Media Center's GUI.
Plex Media Server is a robust network media streaming software that enhances user's ability to host their media library. Plex uses the metadata from several free open-source online libraries to automatically find all artwork, media descriptions and theme music for the entire library.
Mobile software.
Plex mobile apps exist for iOS (version 4.1 onwards), Android (version 1.6 onwards), and Windows Phone (version 7.5 onwards). The apps allow remote controlling the required Plex Home Theater or Plex Media Center software on a computer. They also allow browsing and streaming content directly to the device from a Plex server, using transcoding when necessary, as well as from various online content "channels". Both require a MyPlex account for remote access (over the Internet) to Plex servers. Unlike the desktop versions of Plex, these apps are not freeware. Third-party applications are also available on all three platforms for remote controlling Plex.
Media formats.
Like other XBMC-derived media players, Plex uses FFmpeg and other open source libraries to handle all common multimedia formats. It can decode these in software, using hardware video decoding where available and optionally passing-through AC3/DTS audio directly to an external audio-amplifier/receiver via S/PDIF.
Plex video-playback uses a video-player "core" which was originally developed in-house by the XBMC developers as a DVD-player for DVD-Video movies, including the support of DVD-menus. This video-player "core" supports all the FFmpeg codecs, and in addition the MPEG-2 video codec, and the audio codecs DTS and AC3.
PAPlayer handles a very large variety of audio file-formats.
Plex handles all common digital picture/image formats with the options of panning/zooming and slideshow with "Ken Burns Effect", with the use of CxImage open source library code.
Development.
Plex Home Theater and Plex Media Server which together makes up the main frontend media player and server hosting backend component of the Plex platform ecosystem, is completely based on closed source and proprietary software.
Before the release of the closed source Plex Home Theater in November 2013, Plex Media Center's source code was initially forked from XBMC Media Center on May 21, 2008; this fork is used today as a front end media player for Plex's back end server component. Plex Media Server, unlike the open source frontend, is proprietary software. Plex Media Center is still distributed under the GNU General Public License, with source code on GitHub. The founder of Plex, Elan Feingold, was part of the official XBMC development team for a short while, but tensions over direction and philosophy led him to leave the project and create the Plex fork.
Plex Media Center is primarily programmed in C++, and makes use of the SDL (Simple DirectMedia Layer) framework with an OpenGL renderer. Some of the third-party libraries that Plex depends on are written in C, but are used with a C++ wrapper and loaded as shared libraries when used inside Plex. Since Plex Media Center is based on XBMC Media Center it shares its flexible GUI toolkit and robust framework. With themes based on a standard XML base, theme-skinning and personal customization are very accessible. Users can create their own skin (or simply modify an existing skin) and share it with others via third-party public websites for XBMC skin trading.
While "Plex Media Server" and "Plex Home Theater" are closed source, developers can make plugins for the Plex Media Server proprietary plugin architecture using Python and XML. They can then submit these plugins to "Plex Online". Many plug-ins for Plex Media Server leverage WebKit to display video from online sources using the same Flash and Silverlight players that the sources provide for web browsers.
Plex Home Theater uses a skin called RetroPle by an skinning artist named se.bastian. While the latest version of Plex Media Center uses a modified version of the "MediaStream" skin as its default skin, a skin that was originally designed by Team Razorfish for XBMC.
Legality.
Plex media center software is licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL) by the developers, meaning they allow anybody to redistribute the Plex media player source code under the conditions of that GPL license. Plex Media Server, the proprietary back-end server that all plugins for Plex are dependent on, is closed source.
For most popular video and audio codecs, Plex includes native support through free and open source software libraries, such as LAME, faad (for faac), libmpeg2, and libavcodec (from the FFmpeg project). Since these source code libraries are released under free and open source licenses they are legally redistributable. However, some of these compression methods algorithms, such as the popular MP3 format, are in many countries protected by software patents. Absent a license, this could possibly make it illegal in certain countries to distribute compiled versions of Plex which includes support for these formats.
Plex can automatically fetch metadata information and artwork from sites including IMDb, TheMovieDB, TheTVDB, freedb and Allmusic using built-in web scraping functionality.
Plex includes libdvdcss in order to support playback of DVD-Video movies encrypted using the CSS (Content Scramble System) encryption scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="19150033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150033" title="FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship">
FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship

The FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship is an under-16 basketball championship in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Asia zone. The event started in 2009 and is held bi-annually. The winners compete in the FIBA Under-17 World Championship, which started in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19150052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150052" title="Charlie Newman">
Charlie Newman

Charlie Newman (28 February 1857 – 28 September 1922) was a Welsh international three-quarter who played club rugby for Newport. He was awarded ten caps for Wales and captained the team on six occasions. An original member of the Newport squad he captained the team in the 1882/83 season.
Personal life.
Newman was born Newport in 1857 to Edwin, an upholsterer, and Susannah. He was educated at Monmouth Grammar School, graduating to St John's College, Cambridge in 1880. He was awarded his BA in 1884 and in 1887 collected his MA. In 1883 he was ordained a deacon at Durham Cathedral, and in 1885 took his orders as a priest. Newman' was first the Curate of Tanfield in Durham from 1883-1887 before becoming the Curate of Low Fell a position he held from 1887 to 1893. In 1893 he left Low Fell to take up the position of rector at Hetton-le-Hole, before taking his final position as vicar of Millfield until his death in 1922.
Rugby career.
Newman played matches arranged by the South Wales Football Club, before the creation of the Welsh Rugby Union. In 1876 he was part of a team that was made up of Welsh player that faced Clifton, and in December the same year beat Hereford.
Newman was selected to play in the very first Welsh international, against England in 1881. The Wales team was made up of players based more on reputation and background and was comprehensively beaten. Newman played the match at full back position, for the first, and last, time in his life, though he was not the only Welsh player in the wrong position on that day. Newman won a total of ten caps for Wales, and on 5 January 1884, he was given the captaincy of Wales in a game against England. Newman would captain his team on six occasions, losing four and drawing two. After retiring from rugby he became an Anglican clergyman, as would James Bevan and Edward Peake, both team mates of Newman in the first Welsh international.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19150068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150068" title="My Short Stories">
My Short Stories

My Short Stories is the first B-side compilation album by the popular Japanese singer-songwriter Yui that was released on November 12, 2008. This album contains all the past B sides of her past singles and a new song titled "I'll be".
The album is certified platinum by RIAJ for shipment of 250,000 copies in Japan.
My Short Stories will be reissue in Blu-Spec CD format with limited press on September 2, 2009.
The album title, My Short Stories' message is "Zutto kono Arubamu wo tsukuritakute, sono monogatari wa, YUI kara hajimatta" (ずっと　このアルバムを　作りたくて、その物語は　YUIから　始まった) which means in English "I have always wanted to make this album. This short story is all started from YUI."
Track listing.
Normal Edition + DVD
"I'll Be".
"I'll Be" was chosen for the commercial song of Sony Walkman NW-S638FK Series and its promotion campaign named, "Play You". Yui did a school live in Omiya Koryo High School in Saitama Prefecture, Japan with the orchestra of the school for this campaign. The footage of this event was released in her next single, Again Limited Edition. Later, "I'll be" was again released as an orchestra mix version. Yui filmed another commercial for Sony Walkman with this live event. This school live was aired on NTV program "Dare Mo Shiranai Nakeru Uta" (誰も知らない泣ける歌 Unknown songs that can make you cry) on 18 February 2009. The message for this campaign is "Itsudatte tonari de utau yo. Ongaku ga areba hitotsu ni nareru ne" (いつだって となりで 歌うよ。 音楽が あれば 一つに 慣れる ね。) which mean in English "I will always sing next to you. If there is music, we can all become one."

</doc>
<doc id="19150069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150069" title="Michael Sampson">
Michael Sampson

Dr. Michael Sampson is a children's book author who is best known for his easy-to-read books that feature rhythmic and repetitive language. Sampson’s first children’s book, "The Football That Won," was written solo in 1992 and illustrated by Ted Rand. Later, Sampson wrote 21 books with his best friend and mentor, Bill Martin, Jr., including Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3" and "The Bill Martin Jr Big Book of Poetry." " Those titles are listed below. Sampson taught at Texas A&M University–Commerce for 25 years before moving to the University of South Florida St. Petersburg. In August 2010, Sampson was selected as Dean of the School of Education at Southern Connecticut State University. In July 2012, he became Dean of the College of Education at Northern Arizona University.
Early life.
Born in Denison, Texas in 1952 to Roy and Ida Faye Sampson, Sampson studied in the Denison public schools until grade three, at which time his family (brothers Bill and Bryan and sister Patsy) moved to Tom Bean, Texas. As early as fourth grade, Sampson dreamed of one day being a writer. By the time he reached fifth grade, he had read every book in the Tom Bean library. He had written a series of books featuring Frank and Joe of The Hardy Boys fame, and even had a poem published in a national magazine. In sixth grade he joined the school's junior high football team, and received the inspiration for a book he would publish 30 years later, "The Football That Won". He lived for football and books in grades 6–12. During summers, he worked as a lumberjack in Damariscotta, Maine, building his body strength. As a senior, he was a captain on the Tom Bean Tomcats football team, where he won the school's academic award and was named to the Class B Texas State All Star Team.
Education.
During high school, Michael Sampson worked as a short order cook at a café in Sherman, Texas from 5 until 11 P.M. most nights. Despite this, he won a scholarship to East Texas State University, where he earned a degree in 1974 in Political Science with a teaching endorsement. He became a teacher in the Commerce public schools, where he taught grades K-3; 4, and 6. During this time he attended evening classes, earning a Master of Sciences degree in Reading. He left Texas for Arizona in 1977 to enroll in the Ph.D. program at the University of Arizona, where he studied under Roach Van Allan, and Ken and Yetta Goodman. He completed his Ph.D. in Reading in 1980.
Academic writing.
In 1980 Michael Sampson accepted a faculty position at Texas A&M University–Commerce. In 1986 he published his first professional book, "The Pursuit of Literacy". Four years later he published the creative, theme-based literature program "Experiences with Literacy", which was co-authored by Bill Teale and Roach Van Allen. In 1992, he published his book on the language arts, "Pathways to Literacy". The second edition of "Pathways to Literacy: Process Transactions" was published in 1996 and the third edition, "Total Literacy", in 2003. During these years, Sampson was also published in "The Reading Teacher" and "The Reading Research Quarterly". He is currently completing a text book on linguistics named "Sounds of Language".
Collaboration with Bill Martin Jr.
Michael Sampson met children’s author and educator Bill Martin Jr at a reading conference in Tucson, Arizona in 1978. The two immediately become best friends and collaborators. Sampson began working with Bill Martin and his workshops for teachers that summer. Within five years, the two had built the conferences into the Pathways to Literacy Conference, with sites in 12 American cities. Through the years, over 50,000 teachers had been trained by the two and their staff of outstanding classroom teachers in 30 sites across the U.S. In 1992, Martin moved from New York to Texas to build a house beside Sampson on on the banks of the South Sulphur River. Martin named the land “Woodfrost” as a reflection of his love for Robert Frost and Frost's poetry about the woods. For the next 12 years, Sampson and Martin wrote daily, creating 21 books for children, including award winners: "I Pledge Allegiance" (illustrated by Chris Raschka) and "New York Times" best sellers "Panda Bear, Panda Bear, What Do You See?" (illustrated by Eric Carle) and "Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3", (illustrated by Lois Elhert).
Michael Sampson and Bill Martin shared a common love of poetry. Speaking of his writing partner, Sampson said: “Poetry allowed him to become a reader – if he could hear it, he could read it. And as a writer, Bill worked with his ear. How his writing sounded was the most important thing. Poetry was his mentor. It inspired and guided him.”
Their picture book "Kitty Cat, Kitty Cat, Are you Waking Up" was featured on NBC's "Today" Show on December 12, 2008 and recommended as a great Christmas gift for young children. The sequel, "Kitty Cat, Kitty Cat, Are you Going to Sleep" was published in March 2011, and the third book in the series, "Kitty Cat, Kitty Cat, Are you Going to School?" will be published in August, 2013. His book with Simon & Schuster, "We Are the World", will be published in 2014.
Later life.
After ascending to the rank of full professor at Texas A&M University–Commerce, where he was department head and director of the doctoral program, Sampson left for full-time writing and consulting in 2004. He used this time to do author visits across the United States and countries in South America and Eastern and Western Europe, including Italy, Great Britain, Germany and Ukraine. Many of these trips were made to military bases to entertain children of troops involved in the Middle Eastern wars.
In 2007, Sampson returned to academia to teach writing and research at the University of South Florida St. Petersburg. In 2010 Sampson became Dean of the School of Education at Southern Connecticut State University. In July 2012, he became dean of the College of Education at Northern Arizona University. He continues to speak at schools, book festivals, and teacher conferences.
Michael Sampson has two adult sons, Jonathan, who works in student life at Azusa Pacific University and Joshua, a professional artist who lives and works in Hollywood. Joshua earned his MFA at the Art Institute of Chicago. Sampson is married to the former Olena Kharchenko; together they have a daughter, Michelle Ivanna.
Children's Books by Michael Sampson.
Kitty Cat, Kitty Cat, Are you Going to School? (2013) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. New York: Two Lions Press, Amazon.
Kitty Cat, Kitty Cat, Are you Going to Sleep? (2011) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. New York: Marshall Cavendish.
I Love Our Earth. (2009) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Watertown, MA: Charlesbridge. (new paperback edition)
Brown Bear and Friends. (2008) New York: Henry Holt. (Compilation; Sampson co-authored two of the four stories) 
Bill Martin Jr Big Book of Poetry. (2008) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. New York: Simon & Schuster.
Kitty Cat, Kitty Cat, Are you waking up? (2008) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. New York: Marshall Cavendish.
Baby Bear, Baby Bear, Baby, Bear, What Do You See? (2007) New York: Henry Holt. With Bill Martin Jr (Ghost)
I Love Our Earth. (2006) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Watertown, MA: Charlesbridge.
Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3. (2004) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. New York: Simon & Schuster.
Chicken Chuck (2004) By Bill & Bernard Martin and Michael Sampson. New York: Marshall Cavendish.
Panda Bear, Panda Bear, What Do You See? (2003) New York: Henry Holt. With Bill Martin Jr (Ghost).
Trick or Treat (2002) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. New York: Simon & Schuster.
Caddie the Gold Dog (2002) By Michael Sampson & Bill Martin Jr. New York: Walker & Co.
I Pledge Allegiance (2002) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Boston: Candlewick. Paperback edition published July 2004.
Rocket, Socket, Number Line (2001) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Illustrated by Keith Baker. New York: Henry Holt.
The Little Squeegy Bug (2001) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Illustrated by Patrick Corrigan. New York: Winslow Press.
Little Granny Quarterback. (2001) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Illustrated by Michael Chesworth. Boyds Mills Press: Boston.
Adam, Adam, What Do You See? (2001) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Illustrated by Cathy Felstead. Candlewick Press: Boston.
Adam, Adam, What Do You See? Nelson Edition (2000) By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Illustrated by Cathy Felstead. Thomas Nelson & Co: Nashville.
The Football That Won… (1999) Michael Sampson. First paperback edition published 1999 by Henry Holt & Company, New York.
City Scenes (1999) Bill Martin Jr & Michael Sampson (Reprinted in Spanish). Wellington, New Zealand: Learning Media Limited.
Wild Bear (1999) Mary Beth & Michael Sampson (Reprinted in Spanish). Wellington, New Zealand: Learning Media Limited.
Swish! By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson., Henry Holt, Fall, 1997.
Star of the Circus. By Michael and Mary Beth Sampson. Illustrated by Jose Aruego. Henry Holt, Spring 1997.
The Football That Won… By Michael Sampson. Illustrated by Ted Rand. Henry Holt, Fall 1996.
Football Fever. By Michael Sampson. Fall, 1997. Learning Media, New Zealand.
Wild Bear. By Mary Beth and Michael Sampson. Fall, 1997. Learning Media, New Zealand.
City Scenes. By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Fall, 1997. Learning Media, New Zealand.
Yummy Tum Tee. By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Illustrated by Olivier Dunrea. Scott Foresman (Celebration Press), Fall 1996.
Si Won’s Victory. By Bill Martin Jr and Michael Sampson. Illustrations by Floyd Cooper. Scott Foresman (Celebration Press), Fall 1996.
Academic Publications by Michael Sampson.
Sampson, M. R. (2008). "Language for Literacy." "Reporter: Journal of the NYS Association for the Education of Young Children", Spring 2008, pp. 14–19.
Sampson, M.B., Sampson, M.R. & Rasinski, T. (2003) "Total Literacy: Pathways to Reading, Writing and Learning". Wadsworth: San Francisco.
Sampson, M.R. & Sampson, M.B. (2004) "Literacy". The International Institute of Literacy Learning. Dallas, TX.
Sampson, M. R. & Sampson, M. B. (1999). "The Language Experience Approach: Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow." In O. G. Nelson and W. M. Linek (Eds.), "Practical classroom Applications of Language Experience: Looking Back and Looking Forward". pp. 263–268. Boston: Allyn and Bacon.
Sampson, M. B., Linek, W. M., & Sampson, M. R. (1999). "Circle of questions/circle of knowledge: A strategy to foster college students’ engagement with text." "Innovative learning strategies: College reading improvement yearbook".
Kanouse, C., Sampson, M.R. and Coker, D.R. "University Faculty Development in the Professional Development School." "Catalyst for Change", Fall 1995.
Sampson, M.B., Sampson, M.R. and Linek, W. "Circle of questions." "The Reading Teacher", Spring 1995.
Sampson, M.R. White, J.H., and Briggs, L.D. "Student authorship and reading: The joy of literacy." "Reading Improvement", Summer 1988.
Sampson, M.B., Sampson, M.R., and Briggs, L.D. "Miscues and learning." "Reading: From Theory To Practice". 1986 Yearbook of the State of Maryland, International Reading Association, 1986, 28–32.
Sampson, M.R., Briggs, L.D. and Sampson, M.B. "Language, Children, and Text: Match or Mismatch?" In M.R. Sampson (Ed.) "The Pursuit of Literacy: Early Reading and Writing". Dubuque: Kendall/Hunt Publishing Company, 1986, 97–103.
Sampson, M.R. and Thomason, T. "When to teach reading: They're never too young to begin." "Living With Preschoolers", November, 1985, 16–20.
Sampson, M.R. and Thomason, T. "Children's 'mistakes' in reading: Should we correct them?" "NABE Journal" IX, No. 1, Fall 1984, 8–11.
Iley, J.L. and Sampson, M.R. "Reading: The smart way." "Industrial Education", May 1984, 22.
Sampson, M.R. and Breen, R.B. "Reading begins at home: Old myths and new research." "ACT", April, 1984, 3, 6–9.
Sampson, M.R. and Breen, R.B. "Reading begins at home: Guidelines for parents." "ACT", May/June, 1984, 4, 4–5.
Sampson, M.R. and Thomason, T. "Preschool literacy." "Tender Years", September 1984, 4, 26–28.
Sampson, M.R. "Focus on comprehension: ReQuest." "Ohio Reading Teacher", April 1984, 3, 13–15.
Sampson, M.R. and Briggs, L.D. "A new technique for cloze scoring: A semantically consistent method." "Clearing House", December 1983, 57, 177–179.
Sampson, M.R., Briggs, L.D. and Coker, D.R. "Assessing the listening comprehension of children." "Reading Improvement". Spring 1984, 21, 59–63.
Sampson, M.R. and Thomason, T. "Reading: A skill the Christian home can't afford to neglect." "Christian Life", November 1983, 88–89, 94.
Breen, R.B. and Sampson, M.R. "Learning through affirmative reading." "The Creative Child and Adult Quarterly", Spring 1983, 36–38.
Sampson, M. R. "A comparison of the complexity of children's dictation and instructional reading materials." "New Inquiries in Reading Research and Instruction". National Reading Conference 1982 
Yearbook, 177–180.
Sampson, M.R., Valmont, W.J. and Allen, R.V. "The effects of instructional cloze on the comprehension, vocabulary, and divergent production of third-grade students." "Reading Research Quarterly", 1982, 17, 389–399.
Sampson, M.R. and Briggs, L.D. "What does research say about beginning reading?" "Reading Horizons", Winter 1981, 21, 114–118.
Sampson, M.R. and Santos, S. "The bilingual child in your classroom: Tips for reading instruction." "Perspectives on Reading and Bilingualism", Spring 1981, 3–11.
Briggs, L.D. and Sampson, M.R. "Developing interest in reading." "Home Ideas for Reading", May 1980, 4, 1–3.
Sampson, M.R. and Sampson, M.B. "Components of a language experience approach." "Catalyst for Change: Journal of the National School Development Council", 1980, 9, 10–14.
Sampson, M.R. "Secondary school reading programs with a research base." "Research on Reading in Secondary Schools", eds. J.L. Vaughan, Jr. and P.J. Gaus (Tucson, Ariz.: College of Education, 1978), pp. 29–39.

</doc>
<doc id="19150080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150080" title="William Lindsay (footballer)">
William Lindsay (footballer)

William Lindsay (3 August 1847 – 15 February 1923) was an English amateur footballer who, generally playing as a full back, helped the Wanderers win the FA Cup in 1876, 1877 (when he scored the winning goal) and 1878 and made one appearance for England in 1877. He also played cricket for Surrey between 1876 and 1882.
Career.
Early life and education.
Lindsay was born in Benares, India, the son of Major William Lindsay of the 10th Regiment. His father and most of his family were killed during the Indian Rebellion of 1857 at the Siege of Cawnpore.
In 1858 he was admitted to Winchester College as one of three boys orphaned by the Indian Mutiny and remained at the college until 1865. At school he was a keen sportsman and played cricket for the Commoners XI between 1862 and 1864, as well as for the school football team. In 1860, he won the school wide jump competition and was second in the 100 yards. In 1863, he won both the high jump and the wide jump, followed by the high jump with pole in 1864 and the sack race the following year.
Football career.
Lindsay subsequently represented the Old Wykehamists before joining the Wanderers in 1875, now aged 28.
Lindsay played for Scotland in all five of the unofficial internationals against England in 1870 and 1871, which were played at Kennington Oval before the first official international match played on 30 November 1872. He qualified for Scotland as his father was born in Dundee in 1810, and indeed his grandfather had been Provost of Dundee.
His first appearance for the Wanderers was against Clapham Rovers on 2 October 1875 and he went on to make eight appearances that season, including five in the FA Cup run, where Wanderers reached the Cup Final played against Old Etonians at the Oval on 11 March 1876. The match finished 1–1 after extra time. John Hawley Edwards scored for Wanderers; Alexander Bonsor got Old Etonians' equalising goal. Wanderers won the replay 3–0, with two goals from Thomas Hughes and one by Charles Wollaston.
The following season he again turned out regularly for the Wanderers, making a total of seven appearances, including three matches in another successful FA Cup campaign, as Wanderers again reached the final to be played against Oxford University.
Three weeks prior to the Cup Final he was one of seven debutants in the England team to play Scotland at the Kennington Oval on 3 March 1877. According to Philip Gibbons, in the 1870s the England side "tended to be chosen on availability rather than skill alone" The change in the England line-up made little difference to England's performance against the Scots who won the game 3–1, with England's consolation goal coming from Alfred Lyttelton; the Scots thus inflicted England's first international defeat on home soil in the sixth appearance between the two countries. Lindsay, along with four of the international debutants, was never selected again for international honours.
In the 1877 FA Cup Final, played against Oxford University at the Oval on 24 March, Arthur Kinnaird conceded an own goal to enable Oxford University to take the lead. A few minutes from time, the Wanderers equalised when Jarvis Kenrick slotted home a goal after a pass from Hubert Heron. The game finished level after 90 minutes; in extra time, Wanderers proved too strong for their opponents when Lindsay's initial shot was headed back to him by an Oxford defender. Following in, Lindsay was able to steer the ball past the keeper for the winning goal. 
In 1877–78, Lindsay appeared for Wanderers in the later stages of their FA Cup campaign, as they reached the final for the third consecutive year, and the fifth time in the first seven years of the competition. The Final against the Royal Engineers was played at the Kennington Oval on 23 March. Wanderers won 3–1, with two goals by Jarvis Kenrick and one by Arthur Kinnaird. Wanderers were thus the cup winners for the third consecutive year; as a result, the Football Association awarded the Wanderers the cup outright – the offer was declined in a "highly sporting and honourable gesture" on condition that it could never be won outright.
Lindsay continued to turn out occasionally for the Wanderers until January 1880, when he was part of the side who were defeated 3–0 by Old Etonians in what turned out to be the Wanderers final FA Cup appearance. 
During his football career, he also played for Crystal Palace, Civil Service, Gitanos and South Norwood as well as playing representative football for Surrey.
Cricket career.
At Winchester, he played for the school cricket eleven in 1864 and 1865. 
He joined Surrey in 1876, and in his seven seasons with the county he scored 987 runs at an average of 17.31. His highest innings was 74 against Middlesex at the Oval in 1877. He also played cricket for Devon.
Life outside sport.
In 1867 he started work as a junior clerk in the store department of the India Office and from 1877 to 1881 was private secretary to the Under-secretary of State, and in 1882 became Senior Clerk. He was private secretary to Lord George Hamilton, Hon. Edward Stanhope, the Marquess of Lansdowne and Viscount Enfield before he retired in 1900.
He was married to Emily (who was four years older than he was), and they had a daughter, Lilias, and a son, William.
Lindsay died at his home in Rochester, Kent on 15 February 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="19150099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150099" title="Seven Corners Shopping Center">
Seven Corners Shopping Center

Seven Corners Shopping Center was the first major shopping center to open in suburban Washington, D.C.. It is located in Seven Corners, Fairfax County, Virginia. At its opening in 1956, it was the largest regional shopping center in Virginia. The backsplit two story mall structure was razed in the mid-1990s and replaced with a dual ground level power center.
History.
The 45-store, $25 million, center, developed by Kass-Berger of Washington, D.C., formally opened October 4, 1956, on a parcel at the intersection of Arlington Boulevard (U.S. Route 50) and Leesburg Pike (Virginia Route 7). At opening, the store was anchored by Washington D.C.-based department stores Julius Garfinckel & Co. and a Woodward & Lothrop. The center also included a Food Lane supermarket; Woolworth's; Bond Stores, Franklin Simon & Co., Joseph R. Harris Co., Peck & Peck, and Wilson's Mens Store clothing stores; Mayer & Company furniture; Thom McAn and Hahne; Fannie Farmer candy; and Western Auto as well as a Peoples Drug Store, which featured stores on both the upper and lower concourses (connected via a staircase). It also included the first cafeteria in northern Virginia, an S&W Cafeteria. When opened, the center employed nearly 1,000. A Raleigh's joined the center sometime after its opening, as did a Varsity Shop men's clothing outlet and a Brentano's book store.
Seven Corners has always been a major bus stop and bus terminal. The stop was originally located outside the Garfinckel's on the lower level, then moved to the upper level next to the central escalators until the building was redesigned. Today, the bus stop sits near its original lower level location. Fairfax County has proposed a transit station be constructed on the property.
The main building was shaped like an "I" with two anchors at either end and two wide promenades connecting. The center was built on a hillside in a split level design with escalators connecting the two levels. Heating and cooling were by water from an underground lake located beneath the center.
The center prospered through the 1980s. With competition from a growing number of regional malls in the area compounded by the bankruptcy of Garfinckel's in 1990, closing of Raleigh's in 1992, and Woodward & Lothrop in 1995, the center was left with no major anchor stores. As the indoor mall lost relevance, Seven Corners fell victim to vacancy and disrepair. Most of the original center was demolished in the mid-1990s and replaced with a big-box style power center. As a result, Seven Corners is no longer an enclosed single shopping center, but essentially two outdoor strip malls. Instead of using interior promenades, shoppers must walk along the parking lot to go from store to store. The two levels are no longer connected by escalators; there is only a narrow exterior metal and concrete stairway at one end of the complex, which is rarely used by shoppers. The Garfinckel's now occupied by a Ross Dress for Less is the only portion of the original Seven Corners Center still standing. Once reopened, the new two level complex anchor stores included Shoppers Food Warehouse, Home Depot, Best Buy, Service Merchandise, and Barnes & Noble. Around 2003, Best Buy moved out and was replaced by RoomStore which closed in late 2012. The Service Merchandise store was replaced by Syms which also closed in late 2011.
The center was the site of one of the Washington, D.C. Beltway sniper attacks in 2002. It is currently managed by Saul Centers of Bethesda, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19150100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150100" title="Marlenis Costa">
Marlenis Costa

Marlenis Costa (born July 30, 1973) is a Cuban volleyball player, world champion and Olympic champion. She was a member of the Cuban winning team at the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Olympic games.
She became world champion in 1994 and in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19150101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150101" title="Harpur Palate">
Harpur Palate

Harpur Palate is an American literary magazine, based at the Binghamton University in Binghamton, New York. It publishes fiction, essays and poetry twice each year. Past contributors to the journal have been honored in the Best American Short Stories and the O. Henry Prize Stories. 
The journal also awards the John Gardner Memorial Prize for Fiction with its Summer/Fall edition, the Milt Kessler Memorial Prize for Poetry with its Winter/Spring edition, and the Harpur Palate Award for Creative Nonfiction with its Winter/Spring issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19150105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150105" title="Trousers">
Trousers

Trousers are an item of clothing worn from the waist to the ankles, covering both legs separately (rather than with cloth extending across both legs as in robes, skirts, and dresses). They are also called pants in the United States. (In other English speaking countries, the word "pants" generally means underwear and not trousers.) Shorts are similar to trousers, but with legs that come down only to around the area of the knee, higher or lower depending on the style of the garment. To distinguish them from shorts, trousers may be called "long trousers" in certain contexts such as school uniform, where tailored shorts may be called "short trousers", especially in the UK.
In most of the Western world, trousers have been worn since ancient times and throughout the Medieval period, becoming the most common form of lower-body clothing for males in the modern world, although shorts are also widely worn, and kilts and other garments may be worn in various regions and cultures. Since the mid-20th century, trousers have increasingly been worn by females as well. Jeans, made of denim, are a form of trousers for casual wear, now widely worn all over the world by both sexes. Shorts are often preferred in hot weather or for some sports, and also often by children and teenagers. Trousers are worn at the hips or waist, and may be held up by their own fastenings, a belt, or suspenders (braces). Leggings are form-fitting trousers, of a clingy material, often knitted cotton and spandex (elastane).
Terminology.
In the United Kingdom and Ireland the words "trousers", or "slacks", were historically used for women's trousers. Today, pants is used interchangeably with trousers in some northern dialects of England as is "kecks". In Scotland, trousers are occasionally known as "trews", which is the historic root of the word 'trousers'. Trousers are also known as "breeks" in Scots. The item of clothing worn under trousers is underpants. The standard form 'trousers' is also used, but it is sometimes pronounced in a manner approximately represented by "tru:zɨrz", which is possibly a throwback to the Gaelic word truis which the English word originates from.
In North America and Australia "pants" is the general category term, whereas "trousers" (sometimes "slacks" in Australia and the United States) often refer more specifically to tailored garments with a waistband, belt-loops, and a fly-front. So informal elastic-waist knitted garments would be called "pants", but not "trousers" (or "slacks").
North Americans call undergarments "underwear", "underpants", "undies", "jockey shorts", "shorts", "long johns" or "panties" (the last are women's garments specifically) to distinguish them from other pants that are worn on the outside. The term "drawers" normally refers to undergarments, but in some dialects, may be found as a synonym for "breeches", that is, trousers. In these dialects, the term "underdrawers" is used for undergarments.
In Australia, men's underwear also has various informal terms including "under-dacks", "undies", "dacks" or "jocks".
Various people in the fashion industry use the words "trouser" or "pant" instead of "trousers" or "pants". This is nonstandard usage. The words "trousers" and "pants" are "pluralia tantum", nouns that generally only appear in plural form—much like the words "scissors" and "tongs". However, the singular form is used in some compound words, such as "trouser-leg", "trouser-press" and "trouser-bottoms".
History.
Prehistory.
There is some evidence, from figurative art, of trousers being worn in the Upper Paleolithic. An example
are the figurines found at the Siberian sites of Mal'ta and Buret'.
Antiquity.
Trousers first enter recorded history in the 6th century BC, with the appearance of horse-riding Iranian peoples in Greek ethnography. At this time, not only the Persians, but also allied Eastern and Central Asian peoples such as the Bactrians, Armenians, Tigraxauda Scythians and Xiongnu Hunnu, are known to have worn them. Trousers are believed to have been worn by both sexes among these early users.
The ancient Greeks used the term "ἀναξυρίδες" ("anaxyrides") for the trousers worn by Eastern nations and "σαράβαρα" ("sarabara") for the loose trousers worn by the Scythians. However, they did not wear trousers since they thought them ridiculous, using the word "θύλακοι" ("thulakoi"), pl. of "θύλακος" ("thulakos"), "sack", as a slang term for the loose trousers of Persians and other orientals.
Republican Rome viewed the draped clothing of Greek and Minoan (Cretan) culture as an emblem of civilization and disdained trousers as the mark of barbarians. As the Empire expanded beyond the Mediterranean basin, however, the greater warmth provided by trousers led to their adoption. Two types of trousers eventually saw widespread use in Rome: the "Feminalia", which fit snugly and usually fell to knee or mid-calf length, and the "Braccae", a loose-fitting trouser that was closed at the ankles. Both garments were adopted originally from the Celts of Europe, although later familiarity with the Persian Near East and the Teutons increased acceptance. Feminalia and Braccae both began use as military garments, spreading to civilian dress later, and were eventually made in a variety of materials including leather, wool, cotton and silk.
Medieval Europe.
Trousers of various design were worn throughout the Middle Ages in Europe, especially by males. Loose-fitting trousers were worn in Byzantium under long tunics, and were worn by many tribes, such as the Germanic tribes that migrated to Western Roman Empire in the Late Antiquity and Early Middle Ages, as evidenced by both artistic sources and such relics as the 4th-century costumes recovered from the Thorsberg bog (see illustration). Trousers in this period, generally called "brais", varied in length and were often closed at the cuff or even had attached foot coverings, although open-legged pants were also seen.
By the 8th century there is evidence of the wearing in Europe of two layers of trousers, especially among upper-class males. The under layer is today referred to by costume historians as "drawers", although that usage did not emerge until the late 16th century. Over the drawers were worn trousers of wool or linen, which in the 10th century began to be referred to as breeches in many places. Tightness of fit and length of leg varied by period, class, and geography. (Open legged trousers can be seen on the Norman soldiers of the Bayeux Tapestry.)
Although Charlemagne (742–814) is recorded to have habitually worn trousers, donning the Byzantine tunic only for ceremonial occasions, the influence of the Roman past and the example of Byzantium led to the increasing use of long tunics by men, hiding most of the trousers from view and eventually rendering them an undergarment for many. As undergarments, these trousers became briefer or longer as the length of the various medieval outer garments changed, and were met by, and usually attached to, another garment variously called hose or stockings.
In the 14th century it became common among the men of the noble and knightly classes to connect the hose directly to their pourpoints (the padded under jacket worn with armored breastplates that would later evolve into the doublet) rather than to their drawers. In the 15th century, rising hemlines led to ever briefer drawers until they were dispensed with altogether by the most fashionable elites who joined their skin-tight hose back into trousers. These trousers, which we would today call tights but which were still called hose or sometimes joined hose at the time, emerged late in the 15th century and were conspicuous by their open crotch which was covered by an independently fastening front panel, the codpiece. The exposure of the hose to the waist was consistent with 15th century trends, which also brought the pourpoint/doublet and the shirt, previously undergarments, into view, but the most revealing of these fashions were only ever adopted at court and not by the general population.
Men's clothes in Hungary in the 15th century consisted of a shirt and trousers as underwear, and a dolman worn over them, as well as a short fur-lined or sheepskin coat. Hungarians generally wore simple trousers, only their colour being unusual; the dolman covered the greater part of the trousers.
Europe before the 1900s.
Around the turn of the 16th century it became conventional to separate hose into two pieces, one from the waist to the crotch which fastened around the top of the legs, called trunk hose, and the other running beneath it to the foot. The trunk hose soon reached down the thigh to fasten below the knee and were now usually called "breeches" to distinguish them from the lower-leg coverings still called "hose" or, sometimes "stockings". By the end of the 16th century, the codpiece had also been incorporated into breeches which featured a "fly" or "fall front" opening.
As a modernisation measure, Tsar Peter the Great issued a decree in 1701 commanding every Russian, other than clergy and peasant farmers, to wear trousers.
During the French Revolution, the male citizens of France adopted a working-class costume including ankle-length trousers, or pantaloons (from a Commedia dell'Arte character named "Pantalone") in place of the aristocratic knee-breeches. The new garment of the revolutionaries differed from that of the "ancien regime" upper classes in three ways: it was loose where the style for breeches had most recently been form-fitting, it was ankle length where breeches had generally been knee-length for more than two centuries, and they were open at the bottom while breeches were fastened. This style was introduced to England in the early 19th century, possibly by Beau Brummell, and by mid-century had supplanted breeches as fashionable street wear. At this point, even knee-length pants adopted the open bottoms of trousers (see shorts) and were worn by young boys, for sports, and in tropical climates. Breeches proper survived into the 20th century as court dress, and also in baggy mid-calf (or three-quarter length) versions known as plus-fours or knickers worn for active sports and by young schoolboys. Types of breeches are still worn today by baseball and American football players.
Sailors may have played a role in the worldwide dissemination of trousers as a fashion. In the 17th and 18th centuries, sailors wore baggy trousers known as "galligaskins". Sailors also pioneered the wearing of jeans, trousers made of denim. These became more popular in the late 19th century in the American West because of their ruggedness and durability.
Starting around the mid-19th century, Wigan pit brow girls scandalized Victorian society by wearing trousers for their work at the local coal mines. They wore skirts over their trousers and rolled them up to their waists to keep them out of the way. Although pit brow lasses worked above ground at the pit-head, their task of sorting and shovelling coal involved hard manual labour, so wearing the usual long skirts of the time would have greatly hindered their movements.
Medieval Korea.
The Korean word for trousers, "baji" (originally "pajibaji") first appears in recorded history around the turn of the 15th century, but pants may have been in use by Korean society for some time. From at least this time pants were worn by both sexes in Korea. Men wore trousers either as outer garments or beneath skirts, while it was unusual for adult women to wear their pants (termed "sokgot") without a covering skirt. As in Europe, a wide variety of styles came to define regions, time periods and age and gender groups, from the unlined "gouei" to the padded "sombaji".
Women's trousers after 1900.
Although women had been wearing trousers for outdoor work thousands of years earlier in the Western world, by the time of Christianization it had become taboo for women to wear trousers. It was Eastern culture that inspired French designer Paul Poiret (1879–1944) to be one of the first to design pants for women. In 1913 Poiret created loose-fitting, wide-leg trousers for women called harem pants, which were based on the costumes of the popular opera "Sheherazade". Written by Nikola Rimsky-Korsakov in 1888, Sheherazade was based on a collection of legends from the Middle East called 1001 Arabian Nights.
In the early 20th century women air pilots and other working women often wore trousers. Frequent photographs from the 1930s of actresses Marlene Dietrich and Katharine Hepburn in trousers helped make trousers acceptable for women. During World War II, women working in factories and doing other forms of "men's work" on war service wore trousers when the work demanded it. In the post-war era, trousers became acceptable casual wear for gardening, the beach, and other leisurely pursuits. Further, in Britain during World War II, because of the rationing of clothing, many women took to wearing their husbands' civilian clothes, including their trousers, to work while their husbands were away from home serving in the armed forces. This was partly because they were seen as practical workwear and partly to allow women to keep their clothing allowance for other uses. As this practice of wearing trousers became more widespread and as the men's clothing wore out, replacements were needed. By the summer of 1944, it was reported that sales of women's trousers were five times more than they had been in the previous year.
In 1919, Luisa Capetillo challenged mainstream society by becoming the first woman in Puerto Rico to wear trousers in public. Capetillo was sent to jail for what was then considered to be a "crime", but, the judge later dropped the charges against her.
In the 1960s, André Courrèges introduced long trousers for women as a fashion item, leading to the era of the pantsuit and designer jeans and the gradual erosion of social prohibitions against girls and women wearing trousers in schools, the workplace and in fine restaurants.
In 1969 Rep. Charlotte Reid (R-Ill.) became the first woman to wear trousers in the US Congress.
In 1989 California state senator Rebecca Morgan became the first woman to wear trousers in a US state senate.
Hillary Clinton was the first woman to wear trousers in an official US First Lady portrait.
In Malawi women were not legally allowed to wear trousers under President Kamuzu Banda's rule until 1994. This law was introduced in 1965.
In 2009 journalist Lubna Hussein was fined the equivalent of $200 when a court found her guilty of violating Sudan's decency laws by wearing trousers.
In 2012 the Royal Canadian Mounted Police began to allow women to wear trousers and boots with all their formal uniforms. 
In 2013, Turkey's parliament ended a ban on women lawmakers wearing trousers in its assembly.
Also in 2013, a bylaw requiring women in Paris, France to ask permission from city authorities before "dressing as men", including wearing trousers (with exceptions for those "holding a bicycle handlebar or the reins of a horse") was declared officially revoked by France's Women's Rights Minister, Najat Vallaud-Belkacem.
Parts of trousers.
Pleats.
Pleats just below the waistband on the front typify many styles of formal and casual trousers, including suit trousers and khakis. There may be one, two, three, or no pleats, which may face either direction. When the pleats open towards the pockets they are called reverse pleats (typical of most trousers today) and when they open toward the fly they are known as forward pleats.
Cuffs.
Trouser-makers can finish the legs by hemming the bottom to prevent fraying. Trousers with turn-ups (cuffs in American English), after hemming, are rolled outward and sometimes pressed or stitched into place. The main reason for the turn-ups is to add weight to the bottom of the leg, to help the drape of the trousers.
Fly.
A fly is a covering over an opening join concealing the mechanism, such as a zipper, velcro or buttons, used to join the opening. In trousers, this is most commonly an opening covering the groin, which makes the pants easier to put on or take off. The opening also allows men to urinate without lowering their pants.
Trousers have varied historically in whether or not they have a fly. Originally, hose did not cover the area between the legs. This was instead covered by a doublet or by a codpiece. When breeches were worn, during the Regency period for example, they were fall-fronted (or broad fall). Later, after trousers (pantaloons) were invented, the fly-front (split fall) emerged. The panelled front returned as a sporting option, such as in riding breeches, but is now hardly ever used, a fly being by far the most common fastening. Most flies now use a zipper, though button-fly pants such as Levi's 501 jeans continue to be available.
Trouser support.
At present, most trousers are held up through the assistance of a belt which is passed through the belt loops on the waistband of the trousers. However, this was traditionally a style acceptable only for casual trousers and work trousers; suit trousers and formal trousers were suspended by the use of braces ("suspenders" in American English) attached to buttons located on the interior or exterior of the waistband. Today, this remains the preferred method of trouser support amongst adherents of classical British tailoring. Many men claim this method is more effective and more comfortable because it requires no cinching of the waist or periodic adjustment.
Society.
In modern Western society, males customarily wear trousers and not skirts or dresses. There are exceptions, however, such as the ceremonial Scottish kilt and Albanian fustanella, as well as robes or robe-like clothing like the cassocks of clergy and the academic robes, both rarely worn today in daily use. (See also Men's skirts.)
Based on Deuteronomy 22:5 in the Bible ("The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man"), some groups, including the Amish, Hutterites, some Mennonites, some Baptists, a few Church of Christ groups, and most Orthodox Jews, believe that women should not wear trousers, but only skirts and dresses. These groups do permit women to wear underpants as long as they are hidden. By contrast, many Muslim sects approve of pants as they are considered more modest than any skirt that is shorter than ankle length.
Among certain groups, low-rise, baggy trousers exposing underwear became fashionable; for example, among skaters and in 1990s hip hop fashion. This fashion is called sagging or, alternatively, "busting slack."
"Cut-offs" are homemade shorts made by cutting the legs off trousers, usually after holes have been worn in fabric around the knees. This extends the useful life of the trousers. The remaining leg fabric may be hemmed or left to fray after being cut.
Law.
Malawi.
In Malawi women were not legally allowed to wear trousers under President Kamuzu Banda's rule until 1994. This law was introduced in 1965.
Turkey.
In 2013, Turkey's parliament ended a ban on women lawmakers wearing trousers in its assembly.
Sudan.
In Sudan, Article 152 of the Memorandum to the 1991 Penal Code prohibits the wearing of "obscene outfits" in public. This law has been used to arrest and prosecute women wearing trousers. Thirteen women including journalist Lubna al-Hussein were arrested in Khartoum in July 2009 for wearing trousers; ten of the women pleaded guilty and were flogged with ten lashes and fined 250 Sudanese pounds apiece. Lubna al-Hussein considers herself a good Muslim and asserts "Islam does not say whether a woman can wear trousers or not. I'm not afraid of being flogged. It doesn't hurt. But it is insulting." She was eventually fined the equivalent of $200 rather than being flogged.
USA.
In May 2004, in Louisiana, Democrat and state legislator Derrick Shepherd proposed a bill that would make it a crime to appear in public wearing trousers below the waist and thereby exposing one's skin or "intimate clothing".
The Louisiana bill did not pass.
In February 2005, Virginia legislators tried to pass a similar law that would have made punishable by a $50 fine "any person who, while in a public place, intentionally wears and displays his below-waist undergarments, intended to cover a person's intimate parts, in a lewd or indecent manner". (It is not clear whether, with the same coverage by the trousers, exposing underwear was considered worse than exposing bare skin, or whether the latter was already covered by another law.) The law passed in the Virginia House of Delegates. However, various criticisms to it arose. For example, newspaper columnists and radio talk show hosts consistently said that since most people that would be penalized under the law would be young African-American men, the law would thus be a form of racial discrimination. Virginia's state senators voted against passing the law.
In California, Government Code Section 12947.5 (part of the California Fair Employment and Housing Act) expressly protects the right to wear pants (American English for trousers). Thus, the standard FEHA discrimination complaint form includes an option for "denied the right to wear pants." 

</doc>
<doc id="19150127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150127" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 3000 metres steeplechase">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 3000 metres steeplechase

These are the official results of the Men's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 40 participating athletes, with three qualifying heats and the final held on Monday 1999-08-23 at 21:10h.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19150141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150141" title="Korean drum">
Korean drum

Korean drums play an important part in traditional Korean music, ranging from folk music to royal court music. There are a wide variety of shapes and sizes, for use both in accompanying other instruments and in special drumming performances.
In the traditional Korean classification of instruments, drums are grouped with the "hyeokbu" (혁부, ), or instruments made with leather. A notable class of these leather drums are Korean barrel drums
History.
During the Joseon period, many types of drums were used for the royal court music, including the "janggu", "jwago", "yonggo", "gyobanggo", "jingo", "jeolgo", "nogo", and others. Among these, the "janggu" was also used for folk music, and later became the most commonly used drum used in Korean music.

</doc>
<doc id="19150167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150167" title="Celebration of Lights">
Celebration of Lights

The Celebration of Lights was a winter holiday season Christmas lights show in Pittsburgh. Held at Hartwood Acres Park from 1991 to 2011, it generated funds for WTAE-TV's "Project Bundle-Up" charity and the Salvation Army.
The show consisted of a 3.5 mile drive through Hartwood Acres Park.Over the 20 year life of the show, it generated $3.7 million for charity. In 1991, the 28 displays has 250,000 lights; by 2011 it had grown to 2,000,000 lights. The Oglebay Winter Festival of Lights is a similar event at Oglebay Park in Wheeling, West Virginia.
In 2010, a 3-year sponsor, Rite Aid withdrew from sponsorship.
In September 2012, Chief Executive of Allegheny County Rich Fitzgerald announced that he was cancelling the Celebration of Lights due to inability to find corporate sponsorship. The "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" defended the decision in light of public outcry. Following the announcement, private citizens began to search for new sponsors.

</doc>
<doc id="19150168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150168" title="Ike Pappas">
Ike Pappas

Icarus Nestor Pappas (April 16, 1933 – August 31, 2008), better known as Ike Pappas, was a CBS News correspondent for 25 years.
Life and career.
Pappas was born in the Flushing, Queens section of New York City. He graduated from Long Island University and then spent two years in the United States Army. He was assigned to "Stars and Stripes" during his enlistment.
Dallas, Texas, November 24, 1963.
That morning, Pappas was among the throng of reporters present at the Dallas City Jail for alleged presidential assassin Lee Harvey Oswald's transfer to the County Jail. Working for WNEW-AM in New York at the time, Pappas began his report as Oswald came into view:
As Pappas asked Oswald the question, Jack Ruby stepped out of the crowd of reporters with a pistol, moved in front of Oswald and fired one shot into Oswald's abdomen. 
Later years.
Pappas was the most prominent of 215 people laid off in 1987 during a downsizing at CBS News.
Along with a number of other notable Greek Americans, he was a founding member of The Next Generation Initiative, a leadership program aimed at getting students involved in public affairs. 
After he left CBS, Pappas formed his own television production company, and made cameo appearances as himself in several motion pictures, including "The Package". 
A resident of McLean, Virginia, in his later years, he died in Arlington, Virginia, of congestive heart failure, aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="19150169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150169" title="Feel Like Makin' Love (album)">
Feel Like Makin' Love (album)

Released in 1975, "Feel Like Makin' Love" is Roberta Flack's fifth solo album and sixth overall, when counting her duet album with Donny Hathaway, "Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway" from 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19150178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150178" title="Brownie Chocolate Drink">
Brownie Chocolate Drink

Brownie Chocolate was a whey-based chocolate drink.
History.
Produced from before the 1950s until the 2000s, Brownie Chocolate was similar to the better known Yoo-hoo beverage. Brownie is known to have been sold in Florida, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Kentucky, Mississippi and Alabama.
The drink could be found in machines along with Cheerwine and sometimes RC Cola. It could be purchased until around 2007, when it largely disappeared from store shelves. The can featured a Brownie elf on a surfboard on a wave of chocolate. 

</doc>
<doc id="19150181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150181" title="Texas Tech University traditions">
Texas Tech University traditions

Texas Tech University traditions are an important part of the culture of Texas Tech University.
Mascots.
The Masked Rider.
The Masked Rider, Texas Tech's primary mascot, dates back to a 1936 prank. George Tate borrowed a horse from the Texas Technological College Dairy Barn and led the football team onto the field. This was done a few more times during the 1936 season season but was not seen again for 17 years. At the Gator Bowl on January 1, 1953, Texas Tech student Joe Kirk Fulton, riding Blackie, rushed onto the field ahead of the football team. The crowd sat in stunned silence before bursting into applause. At that game, The Masked Rider became the official mascot of Texas Tech and the first mascot in major college sports featuring a live horse.
The Masked Rider wears a black gaucho hat, a black mask, and a scarlet rider's cape. From its inception to 1974, the rider was always a male student. Ann Lynch's selection as the first female rider caused controversy at the university. Today, the student serving in the role is selected by the Masked Rider Advisor Committee after a written test, preliminary screening and equestrian skills tryout period. Ashley Hartzog, a senior animal science and Spanish major from Farwell, Texas, will represent the university as the Masked Rider during 2008/09.
In 2000, a sculpture by artist Grant Speed was unveiled to commemorate the tradition. That statue is 25 percent larger than real life. It sits outside the university's Frazier Alumni Pavilion.
Raider Red.
Texas Tech's other mascot, Raider Red, is a more recent creation. Beginning with the 1971 football season, the Southwest Conference forbade the inclusion of live animal mascots to away games unless the host school consented. For situations where the host school did not want to allow the Masked Rider's horse, an alternate mascot was needed. Jim Gaspard, a member of the Saddle Tramps student spirit organization, created the original design for the Raider Red costume, basing it on a character created by cartoonist Dirk West, a Texas Tech alumnus and former Lubbock mayor. Though the Masked Rider's identity is public knowledge, it has always been tradition that Raider Red's student alter ego is kept secret until the end of his or her tenure. The student serving as Raider Red is a member of the Saddle Tramps or High Riders.
Campus.
Will Rogers & Soapsuds.
One of the most well-known landmarks on campus is the statue of Will Rogers on his horse Soapsuds. The statue, created by Electra Waggoner Biggs, has resided at the center of the campus since it was dedicated on February 16, 1950 by Rogers' longtime friend Amon G. Carter.
Carter claimed that Texas Tech was the ideal setting for the statue and that it would be an appropriate addition to the traditions and scenery of West Texas. The statue, estimated to cost (in 1950) $25,000, stands 9 feet 11 inches (3 m) and weighs 3,200 pounds (1,450 kg). The inscription on the plaque at the base of the statue reads: "Lovable Old Will Rogers on his favorite horse, 'Soapsuds', riding into the Western sunset."
A campus legend holds that the statue was originally intended to be positioned with Will Rogers facing due west, so that it would appear he was riding into the sunset. However, that position would cause Soapsuds' posterior to face due east, towards the main entrance of the school. The horse's rear would also be facing downtown Lubbock, potentially insulting the Lubbock business community. Though proven apocryphal, legend states the statue was turned 23 degrees to the east, causing Soapsuds' rear to face in the direction of College Station, Texas, home of rival Texas A&M University to address the aforementioned issue.
Blarney Stone.
On Saint Patrick's Day in 1939, Texas Tech President Clifford B. Jones and Engineering Society President Dosh McCreary unveiled the Blarney Stone monument which sits in front of the old Electrical Engineering Building. The stone on the monument was said to have been discovered on March 7, 1939, by a group of petroleum engineers on a field trip. It was reported at the time that the stone had been found to be "identical with a piece of the original Blarney Stone which disappeared from Blarney Castle...in 1659". How this was determined is unknown.
Double T Bench.
The seniors of the class of 1931 donated the Double T Bench, a bench in the shape of Texas Tech's Double T logo. The bench is located in the courtyard behind the Administration Building. It is an announced tradition that no freshmen are allowed to sit on it.
Songs.
The Matador Song.
The Matador Song was written by Harry Lemaire and R.C. Marshall. Lemaire was band director at Tech from 1925-34. He composed the music. Marshall, editor of the La Ventana, wrote the words in 1930. The words and title represent Texas Tech's original athletic teams' name of Matadors. It is the school's alma mater and is sung at athletic events and occasions such as Commencement.
Fight, Matadors, for Tech!
Songs of love we'll sing to thee,
Bear our banners far and wide.
Ever to be our pride,
Fearless champions ever be.
Stand on heights of victory.
Strive for honor evermore.
Long live the Matadors!
Fight, Raiders, Fight.
Fight, Raiders, Fight, Texas Tech's fight song, was written by Carroll McMath, and updates the Matadors, Tech's original name for the athletic teams, to the Red Raiders. The spirited song is sung at many of Tech's sporting events.
Fight, Raiders, Fight! Fight, Raiders, Fight!
Fight for the school we love so dearly.
You'll hit 'em high, you'll hit 'em low.
You'll push the ball across the goal,
Tech, Fight! Fight!
We'll praise your name, boost you to fame.
Fight for the Scarlet and Black.
You will hit 'em, you will wreck 'em.
Hit 'em, Wreck 'em, Texas Tech!
And the Victory Bells will ring out.
Events.
Arbor Day.
Each spring, Texas Tech students gather to plant flowers and new trees on campus in an effort to beautify the campus. The tradition began in 1937 when President Knapp dedicated the day. The first Arbor Day was hosted by the Saddle Tramps, students and faculty planted 20,000 trees.
Carol of Lights.
The Carol of Lights is held annually to celebrate the holiday season at the university. The event begins with the Texas Tech University Combined Choirs singing classic holiday songs at the Science Quadrangle and the Saddle Tramps carrying torches to light the way. This is followed by the lighting ceremony, where students and others witness the illuminating of the over 25,000 red, white, and orange lights decorating the 13 buildings surrounding Memorial Circle.
The tradition traces its beginnings to 1959 when Harold Hinn designed the plan and provided the funding to cover the Science Quadrangle and Administration building with lights. However, students were away on Christmas break and did not see the display. So, the following year, the Residence Hall Association created the Christmas Sing, which became known as the Carol of Lights. The Carol of Lights is now one of Texas Tech's favorite traditions.
Homecoming.
Texas Tech homecoming is held each fall. It began in 1930 at a game where the football lost, 20–6, to Hardin-Simmons. During the annual celebration, Tech-exes and fans join with students for a bonfire, built by the Saddle Tramps, and pep rally, parade, open houses, awards programs, and float competitions. A highlight of the event is election of a queen, the first being Suzanne Matteson in 1954.
RaiderGate.
RaiderGate is the an officially sanctioned student tailgating event that takes place on campus and begins four hours before each home football game. A typical event draws nearly 10,000 students. Live music acts play on stage as students and guests barbecue, socialize, and participate in games hosted by various student organizations. Texas Tech's Student Government Association hosts the event.
Raider Walk.
Since the 2010 season, a tradition called "Raider Walk" gives Red Raider fans the chance to greet the football team as the team arrives at the stadium prior to the game. The Raider Walk starts exactly two hours and 15 minutes prior to kickoff at all home football games at Jones AT&T Stadium. The team busses will drop off the team and coaching staff there at the intersection of Canton Avenue and Drive of Champions (the corner of Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park and the City Bank Auditorium) and will proceed down Drive of Champions in front of the Frazier Alumni Pavilion and all the way to the football training facility, just east of the Athletic Training Center (ATC). Raider Walk was predicated by "Red Raid" a similar team walk event that took place during the 2003 season.
Spirit organizations.
Saddle Tramps.
Saddle Tramps is a spirit/social organization at Texas Tech University. Founded in 1936, it is the oldest student organization on campus. During that year, while Texas Tech was very young and establishing its identity, a group of students Arch Lamb, Paul "Grandma" Bowers and Bud Thompson observed that the school spirit was being channeled in the wrong direction. The student body was overly exuberant and unorganized. Lamb conceived the idea of an organization that would lead this enthusiastic spirit into constructive channels. It was decided that Saddle Tramps should be a non-political organization dedicated to the improvement and advancement of Texas Tech as well as service and leadership to the university and student body. Early Texas ranchers would hire a "saddle tramp" on the basis of his ability and willingness to tackle any task assigned to him. He would move on after some time, having done all he could to contribute to the improvement of the ranch. It was from this idea that Lamb named the group as he did. The first men selected were the top ones in each college of the university. Each of these men chose others who he thought would make the best members. 
The projects of Saddle Tramps have included such things as rallying freshmen at athletic events, supervising the planting of 20,000 trees on campus in 1938 and raising money to buy the first forty band uniforms. They played a major role in obtaining the fountain and seal, which is located at the Broadway Street entrance to campus. In the spring of 1990, Saddle Tramps established the Saddle Tramp Student Endowment Scholarship Fund and donated money to the renovation of the Tech Dairy Barn the following year.
Saddle Tramps are known for wrapping the Will Rogers & Soapsuds "Riding into the Sunset" statue in red crepe paper before each home football game. The statue is also wrapped in black crepe paper to mourn national tragedies. The victory bells are rang by the Saddle Tramps for thirty minutes after every home football, men's basketball, and baseball win; whenever a Tech team wins a Big 12 championship; whenever a Tech athlete is selected as an All-American; and after every Tech graduation. Saddle Tramps also construct the Homecoming bonfire and conduct a torchlight parade at the beginning of the bonfire as well as the Carol of Lights. 
Saddle Tramp Jim Gaspard created the university's costumed mascot Raider Red, based on a character by Dirk West. During the tenure, the identity of the person playing Raider Red is unknown to everyone but the Saddle Tramps.
Prospective members receive a bid after attending rush week at the beginning of each semester. Membership is limited to 100 actives and pledges.
A Saddle Tramp must have an active and working knowledge of Texas Tech, its history, schools and colleges, location of buildings, and staff in order that he be better prepared to answer questions of visitors and of fellow students and also for his own information. It is also necessary for him to know the history of the Saddle Tramp organization in order to help him better understand the purpose of the organization and his duties as a Saddle Tramp.
High Riders.
High Riders is a spirit organization at Texas Tech University. It is dedicated to promoting unity and support for all women's athletics at the school. The High Riders take part in parades and campus events throughout the year to endorse the Lady Raiders. They also hold the distinction of being the only people, along with the Saddle Tramps, allowed in the bell tower of the Administration Building to ring the Victory bells after each Lady Raider home victory.
The organization dates to 1975 and traces its roots to Nancy Neill. After attending a Saddle Tramps meeting, she discovered there had been several failed attempts to organize a women's organization to support Texas Tech's women athletes. She decided that, with better planning, she could create a lasting group to fill the gap.
On February 2, 1976, the High Riders were accepted as an official campus organization. They began work immediately and, the following fall, 75 undergraduates attended rush parties. Twenty-five were chosen to be members of the first pledge class. They pledged through January 1977 and were initiated on February 4.
When the organization first began, the High Riders had no direct funds from the university. They had to support themselves by way of bake sales, selling dorm room carpet, and selling programs at Lady Raiders sporting events. In time, the High Riders expanded and played an even greater role by helping the Lady Raiders with airport transportation, game management, and giving recruits campus tours.
Symbols.
Double T.
The most readily identified symbol of Texas Tech is the Double T logo. The logo, generally attributed to Texas Tech's first football coach, E. Y. Freeland, was first used as decoration on the sweaters for the football players. The Double T existed in its original form as an official logo from 1963 to 1999 and was updated in 2000. The new logo maintains the original premise but incorporates three-dimensional bevelling effects coupled with white trim.
To recognize the importance of the Double T to Texas Tech, the class of 1931 donated the Double T bench. Per tradition, freshmen are not allowed to sit on the bench, which is currently located in the courtyard of the Administration Building. The logo is further embodied in the Double T neon sign, donated by the class of 1938 and affixed to the east side of Jones AT&T Stadium. At the time of its purchase, this was reputedly the largest neon sign in existence.
Seal.
Designed by the campus master planner, and helped fund raised by the Saddle Tramps William Ward Watkin in 1924, the Texas Tech seal was ofﬁcially approved in 1953. It actually ﬁrst appeared on Tech diplomas in 1948. The seal’s symbols are the lamp, which represents “school,” the key for “home,” the book for “church,” and the star stands for “state.” Cotton bolls represent the area’s strong cotton industry and the eagle is suggestive of the United States. On April 27, 1972, the seal was placed at the Broadway and University entrance to campus in what became known as the Amon G. Carter Plaza. It is made of red granite and stands 12 feet high.
Miscellaneous.
Bangin’ Bertha.
Saddle Tramps carry Bangin Bertha, a bell on a trailer, to all home football games and homecoming events. Bertha was designed in 1959 by Saddle Tramp Joe Winegar, and was donated by the Santa Fe Railroad. Bangin' Bertha is considered a spirit-raiser and a big tradition at Texas Tech. On September 28, 2012, the Big 12 Conference banned artificial noisemakers while the ball is in play and the once the offense reaches the line of scrimmage. Failure to comply will result in a 15 yard penalty.
Guns Up.
The hand sign of Texas Tech is the "Guns Up". It is made by extending the index finger outward while extending the thumb upward and tucking in the middle, little and fourth fingers to form a gun to signify that the Red Raiders will shoot down their opponents. It acts as both a greeting and a sign of victory used by fans and players at athletic events. The sign was created in 1971 by Texas Tech alumnus L. Glenn Dippel, who was living in Austin and wanted an answer to the Hook 'em Horns sign used by University of Texas fans.
Texas Tech class ring.
While the class ring had occasionally used a universal design, by the late 20th century various styles were available. In 1999, the university reverted to a single ring design for the university's graduates. The new Official Texas Tech Alumni Association Class Ring symbolically captures the essence of Texas Tech with the prominent Double T logo surrounded by the school’s full name and date of foundation. By tradition, undergraduates wear the ring with the Double T logo facing themselves. Upon graduation, the ring is turned so the logo faces outward.
One shoulder of the ring displays an image of the Administration Building, with the bells which represent victory. The other shoulder contains the university seal: an American eagle perched above a book, representing the church; a star, representing the State of Texas; a key, representing home; and, a lamp, representing knowledge. These elements are separated by a cross featuring ten cotton bolls, one each for Lubbock and its nine surrounding cotton-producing counties.

</doc>
<doc id="19150185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150185" title="DR Teodoro">
DR Teodoro

Dante Raul Teodoro is a Filipino-born, New York-based entrepreneur and philanthropist.
DR Teodoro is Chief Executive Officer of JUNO Investment and Management, Inc. (JIMI) and President of Juno Healthcare Staffing Group of Companies with subsidiary offices in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Arizona, California (San Diego and Los Angeles), along with JUNO Healthcare Registry, Inc. of Los Angeles, California, JUNO Media Production Creatives in New York, JUNO Review Center in California and a JUNO Call Center in Manila, Philippines. Out of nearly 21 million companies in the US, JUNO Healthcare Staffing Systems, Inc. (New York) was cited by Entrepreneur Magazine as Hot 100 fast growing businesses in the US for 2008.
DR Teodoro also established Foundation for God's Glory in 2004 as a way of giving back to the community for the success of his healthcare recruitment and staffing agency. The private operating foundation supports 19 Christian ministries in the US and runs a scholarship, hunger alleviation and disaster relief programs in the Philippines.
Education & Organizations.
DR Teodoro took up A.B. Philippine Studies at the University of the Philippines. He graduated from Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania under the Advanced Management Program (WAM '08). He is also an alumnus of Harvard Business School Executive Education having completed the Owner/President Management Program (OPM 39).
DR Teodoro is currently an active member of the following prestigious organizations:
Awards and recognition.
DR Teodoro has been the recipient of prestigious awards, honors and distinctions. Most recently are:
Other distinctions include:
References.
Newspaper

</doc>
<doc id="19150186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150186" title="Lincoln Theatre Guild">
Lincoln Theatre Guild

The Lincoln Theatre Guild is a non-profit community theater organization founded in 1981. The Guild serves Lincoln County, North Carolina, United States, and the surrounding Piedmont region.
History.
The Lincoln Theatre Guild was formed in 1981 with 15 members. The first guild activity was an acting workshop, which was followed by the first production, "Harvey." The first guild president was Barrie Howard.
A notable early production was "Prelude to victory," a musical drama telling the story of the a revolutionary war battle fought nearby. In 1983, a successful production of "Scrooge," a musical adaption of Dickens' "A Christmas Carol" helped give the guild a stable financial base. The group grew throughout the 1980s, performing dramas, comedies and musicals. Some shows included "Mouse Trap," "Harvey," and "You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown." In 1988, the group moved their offices and productions to the Lincoln Cultural Center, a renovated former church in Lincolnton, North Carolina. By 1990 the guild was producing a large summer musical each year at the nearby Lincoln Citizens Center as well as 3-4 smaller plays at the Cultural Center.
In 2007 the guild board was restructured. A new president and several new board members were appointed. Recent shows include "Alice in Wonderland" and "Dearly Departed" in 2007 and The Actor's Nightmare, Li'l Abner, and And Then There Were None in 2008.
Productions.
The guild presently produces 4-5 shows per year. Most shows are held at The Lincoln Cultural Center or the auditorium at North Lincoln High School. The guild also holds an annual summer drama camp in two locations in the county.
Partnerships.
The Lincoln Theatre Guild belongs to the Lincoln Arts Council and is a member of the Metrolina Theatre Association. The guild also receives financial backing from local government and businesses.
Board of directors.
The guild has a board of directors that meets monthly and is responsible for show selections, technical production and fundraising.
References.
Grano, Sarah (April 12, 2007). "'Alice' takes the stage"."Lincoln Times-News".
Grano, Sarah (January 18, 2008). "Guild seeking actors of all ages"."Lincoln Times-News".
Grano, Sarah (January 27, 2006). "Lincoln Theatre Guild caters to eastern end". "Lincoln Times-News".
"Guild Gets Permanent Home, Seeks To Grow". (1988). "Lincoln Times-News", p. 1
(June 3, 1988). "Lincoln Theatre Guild Brings Agatha Christie's Classic to Stage". "The Lincoln Tribune".
(September 15, 2008). "Man of many hats would like to hit the road on tour"."Lincoln Times-News".
Turbyfill, Diane(October 1, 2004). "Lincoln Theatre Guild Earns Three Nominations".
"Lincoln Times-News".
(January 16, 2008). "Theatre Guild Holds Annual Dinner Theatre ". "The Lincoln Tribune".
(March 21, 2008). "Lincoln Theatre Guild: Cast & Dates for Li’l Abner ". "The Lincoln Tribune".

</doc>
<doc id="19150192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150192" title="Larling">
Larling

Larling is a village and part of the civil parish of Roudham and Larling, in the English county of Norfolk. The village is 8.5 miles east north east of Thetford, 21.4 miles west south west of Norwich and 94 miles north east of London. The nearest railway station is at Thetford for the Breckland Line which runs between Cambridge and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport. The village is situated a little north of the A11 Trunk road.
History.
Larling has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Larling is recorded by the name ‘’Lur(i)inga’’. The main landholder is William de Warenne with the main tenant being Hugh. The survey also mentions a mill.
The Parish Church of Saint Ethelbert.
The church is built of flint and dates from the 14th century, with stone used only for dressings. The tower is in the 15th-century Perpendicular style. On the north side there is a staircase turret that leads to the belfry. The windows date from the 15th century also. There is an ornamented Norman doorway, with one of the pillars carrying a mass dial. Inside the church is a four-sided font from the 12th century.
Shrubb Family, Shrubb cottage, Larling.
Shrubb family is one of the longest running communities in England. Founded in 1970 in a 17th-century cottage near the old A11 and the Angel pub, the membership and fortunes of the community have fluctuated over the years, but the ethos of low impact living and environmental harmony have persisted.
Shrubb is listed on the Diggers and Dreamers online directory and there is a video of the early days at Shrubb on YouTube titled 'Shrubb Family 1973 part 1 & 2'. Shrubb is featured in "Communes in Britain" by Andrew Rigby, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19150197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150197" title="Elmar Kraushaar">
Elmar Kraushaar

Elmar Kraushaar (b. 1950, August 11) is a German journalist and author who lives in Berlin.
Biography.
Kraushaar was born in Niederurff in northern Hesse. He studied from 1971 to 1979 in Berlin at Free University of Berlin. In the 1970s, during his university studies, he joined the gay organisation "Homosexuelle Aktion Westberlin".
As author Kraushaar began to write on LGBT topics, including some works with Matthias Frings.
Kraushaar has worked as a journalist for Berlin Victory Column and, starting in 1986, for die tageszeitung (taz). In 1990 Kraushaar became a journalist for RIAS TV, then worked at Deutsche Welle. His column "Der homosexuelle Mann..." has run in taz since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19150199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150199" title="Kellett XR-10">
Kellett XR-10

__NOTOC__
The Kellett XR-10 was a military transport helicopter developed in the United States in the 1940s but which only flew in prototype form. It was designed in response to a USAAF Technical Instruction issued for the development of a helicopter to transport passengers, cargo, or wounded personnel within an enclosed fuselage. Kellett's proposal followed the general layout that the company was developing in the XR-8, with twin intermeshing rotors, and was accepted by the Air Force on 16 October over proposals by Sikorsky, Bell, and Platt-LePage. 
The XR-10 resembled a scaled-up XR-8, although its twin engines were carried in nacelles at the fuselage sides, driving the rotors via long driveshafts, and the aircraft was skinned entirely in metal. The first of two prototypes flew on 24 April 1947, and at the time, was the largest rotorcraft to fly in the United States. During test-flights, however, the same problem that had been encountered with the XR-8's rotor system emerged when blades from the two rotors collided in flight. With fixes in place, flight testing continued, but on 3 October 1949, the first prototype crashed due to a control system failure and killed Kellett's chief test pilot, Dave Driskill. The project was abandoned shortly thereafter, and a 16-seat civil variant, the KH-2, never left the drawing board.

</doc>
<doc id="19150203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150203" title="Leonard Chin">
Leonard Chin

Leonard Chin (born Leonard Anthony Chin, 1953, Kingston, Jamaica) aka Santic, is a Jamaican reggae record producer. After first working as a car mechanic, he then trained as a photographer and worked for the Gleaner Company. In the early 1970s he began working as a singer with Charles Hannah and The Graduates, and recorded a single for Gussie Clarke, but he realized that he was better suited to production. His early productions between 1973 and 1975 included recordings by Augustus Pablo, who recorded the first single for his Santic record label (the name derived from the nickname of his friend, drummer Carlton "Santa" Davis, and "Atlantic"), "Pablo In Dub", as well as Paul Whiteman, Horace Andy (with whom he had two hits - "Problems" and "Children of Israel"), Roman Stewart, and Gregory Isaacs. Two of the tracks he produced for Pablo were included on the melodica player's debut album. Chin's recording sessions generally took place at Randy's studio, with Errol Thompson at the mixing desk, and using Pablo as an arranger or keyboard player. Chin also produced Jah Woosh's 1976 album, "Chalice Blaze". A mid-1970s compilation of his productions, "An Even Harder Shade of Black", was reissued by Pressure Sounds in 1995. The label released a further collection of his work, "Down Santic Way", in 2005.
In 1975, he relocated to London, England, and became a prominent producer in the lovers rock genre, working with the likes of Carroll Thompson, Jean Adebambo, Trevor Walters, Donna Rhoden, and Lorna Pierre.

</doc>
<doc id="19150231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150231" title="Singing Emo">
Singing Emo

"Signing Emo" is the first single from Nerdcore musician MC Lars' fifth album "The Graduate". The song is about fictitious band "Hearts That Hate" making it big. The single became moderately popular on New England-based alternative rock stations such as WBRU and WFNX in mid-2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19150238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150238" title="Atnarko River">
Atnarko River

The Atnarko River is a river in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Course.
The Atnarko River flows originates at Charlotte Lake. It flows generally west for approximately , joining the Telchako River to form the Bella Coola River. For much of its length the river flows through Tweedsmuir South Provincial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19150240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150240" title="FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship for Women">
FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship for Women

The FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship for Women is an international under-16 female basketball championship in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Asia zone. The event started in 2009 and is held bi-annually. The winners compete in the FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women, which started in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19150248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150248" title="Luke O'Neill">
Luke O'Neill

Luke Marcus O'Neill (born 20 August 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Southend United as a defender, on loan from Burnley. He graduated from the Leicester City youth academy. He has represented England at under-17 level.
Career.
Leicester City.
Born in Slough, Berkshire, O'Neill came through the youth academy at Leicester City and was part of the side that won the Premier Academy League in the 2006–07 season. He continued to feature for Leicester's academy and reserves side for the next season before being promoted to the first team squad in July 2008 making regular appearances in their pre-season games. He was named as a substitute for the first time in a League Cup win over Stockport County on 12 August 2008, however he was unused on that night.
On 29 August 2008, just a few days after his 17th birthday, O'Neill signed a three-year professional contract, tying him to Leicester until the summer of 2011. He then made his debut for Leicester on 2 September against Hartlepool United in Leicester's 3–0 Football League Trophy win.
O'Neill's next first team involvement for Leicester came almost a year later when he was named as an unused substitute in their opening day fixture against Swansea City. He made his first appearance of the season three days later, playing the full 90 minutes as Leicester beat Macclesfield Town 2–0 in the League Cup. On 26 December 2009, O'Neill made his League debut for Leicester, coming on as a half-time substitute against Sheffield United, replacing the injured Jack Hobbs.
On 18 February 2010, O'Neill joined Tranmere Rovers on a one-month loan. On 31 January 2011, he joined Conference Premier team Kettering Town on a one-month loan.
Mansfield Town.
On 30 June 2011, O'Neill signed for Conference Premier side Mansfield Town, arriving on a free transfer. He made his debut on 13 August in a 1–1 draw with Bath City, he then later scored his first goal for the club in a 5–0 win over Newport County. His third goal came in the form of an equaliser in a 2–1 win over Grimsby Town. O'Neill helped Mansfield to a play-off semi final where they lost 2–1 on aggregate to York City. His performances throughout the season attracted Championship clubs Burnley, Cardiff City and Ipswich Town. Burnley had a bid rejected by the Conference club, but manager Paul Cox admitted O'Neill could leave if the offer is right.
Burnley.
On 15 June 2012, O'Neill signed for Championship club Burnley for an undisclosed fee. He signed for League Two club York City on a 28-day emergency loan on 4 October 2013. His debut came the following day in a 3–0 away defeat to Torquay United, before scoring his first goal for York in a 2–2 draw away at Chesterfield with a 30 yard shot into the bottom right corner. On 31 October 2013, O'Neill's loan was extended until 4 January 2014, after making six appearances and scoring one goal for York. He was recalled by Burnley a day early on 3 January 2014 to be part of the squad for their FA Cup match against Southampton. He had made 16 appearances and scored one goal for York.

</doc>
<doc id="19150287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150287" title="Eric Hamilton (bishop)">
Eric Hamilton (bishop)

He was born in 1890 and educated at Bradfield School and University College, Oxford.
Ordained in 1914 he was later Priest in charge at "St John's, Knighsbridge", Vicar of "St. Nicholas Church, Chiswick" and then of "St Paul’s, Knightsbridge" before being appointed Suffragan Bishop of Shrewsbury in 1940. Four years later he was appointed Dean of Windsor. A man committed to the worldwide church who “took the very greatest and most conscientious of pains”, he died on 21 May 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19150294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150294" title="Mount Ossa">
Mount Ossa

Mount Ossa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19150303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150303" title="Benjamin Rudyerd">
Benjamin Rudyerd

Sir Benjamin Rudyerd or Rudyard (1572 – 31 May 1658) was an English poet and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1648. He was also a colonial investor who was one of the incorporators of the Providence Company in 1630. He was a moderate supporter of the Parliamentary cause in the English Civil War.
Background and early life.
Rudyerd was the son of James Rudyerd of Hartley Wintney in Hampshire. He was educated at Winchester College and St John's College, Oxford, and then joined the Inner Temple, where he was called to the bar in 1600.
Poetry.
As a young man Rudyerd's poetry, though not printed until after his death, won him many plaudits, and he was also respected as a critic. He became a close friend of the poet and playwright Ben Jonson, who addressed three published epigrams to him in 1616, the first of which began:
"Rudyerd, as lesser dames to great ones use,My lighter comes to kiss thy learned muse"
Rudyerd was also an associate of John Owen and John Hoskins (who once wounded him in a duel, although they later became firm friends). More valuable to him, however, was the admiration of the Earl of Pembroke, England's leading patron of the arts, who helped promote Rudyerd's political career. Rudyerd's most important surviving poems are a series written in answer to poems by the Earl.
Political career.
In 1618, Rudyerd was knighted, and appointed for life to the lucrative post of Surveyor of the Court of Wards. (When the post was abolished in 1647, Parliament voted him £6,000 in compensation for its loss.) He had a long career in parliament and most of the constituencies for which he sat were ones where the Pembroke influence was strong. In 1621, he was elected Member of Parliament for Portsmouth. He was re-elected MP for Portsmouth in 1624 and 1625. At first, Rudyerd was generally supportive of the court, in line with the policy of his patron Pembroke, and by 1624 seems to have been the government's unofficial spokesman in the Commons. He continued to support Buckingham after the accession of Charles I. In 1626 he was elected MP for Old Sarum and although he was one of the MPs named to assist in Buckingham's impeachment in 1626 took no public part in the trial. He was elected MP for Downton in 1628 and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. By the end of the decade, he was less supportive of the Crown, taking a strongly critical line on the redress of grievances and denying the King's right to arrest without showing cause. Nevertheless, he assumed the role of mediator between the King and Parliament, arguing in a speech ""This is the crisis of Parliaments: we shall know by this if parliaments live or die. If we persevere, the King to draw one way, the parliament another, the Commonwealth must sink in the midst."" 
During the interval between the Parliaments of 1629 and 1640, Rudyerd became interested in colonial developments in North America, and in 1630 was a co-founder of the Providence Company. In 1634 he purchased the manor of West Woodhay, Berkshire.
In April 1640 Rudyerd was elected MP for Wilton in the Short Parliament. He resumed his role of mediator, speaking on the first day of debate in the Short Parliament and concluding that ""I would desire nothing more than that we proceed with such moderation as the parliament may be the mother of many more happy parliaments"". In November 1640 he was re-elected MP for Wilton in the Long Parliament. His first speech in the Long Parliament was less conciliatory and was a vigorous attack on the King's "evil counsellors".
Rudyerd took the Parliamentary side on the outbreak of the Civil War, but does not seem to have been an enthusiastic supporter of the cause, and his attendance in the House was twice specially ordered. In 1643, he was one of the MPs appointed to the Westminster Assembly and in the same years was also a member of the council appointed by the Long Parliament in 1643 for the government of the English colonies. He was opposed to the trial of the King and was excluded from Parliament in Pride's Purge, after which he retired from public life. He time in parliament was long and, in the words of Brunton & Pennington, ""unhampered by political consistency"" though contemporaries nicknamed him the silver trumpet of Parliaments for his pleasing oratory.
Rudyerd died at the age of about 86 at West Woodhay in 1658.
Rudyerd married Elizabeth Harington, daughter of Sir Henry Harington and a relation of the Earl of Pembroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19150309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150309" title="Jones M. Withers">
Jones M. Withers

Jones Mitchell Withers (January 12, 1814–March 13, 1890) was a United States Army officer who fought during the Mexican–American War and later served as a Confederate major general during the American Civil War. He also was a lawyer, politician, and businessman from the state of Alabama.
Early life and career.
Withers was born in 1814 in Huntsville, located in both Madison County and Limestone County, Alabama. He was a son of John Wright Withers, a Virginia planter, and of Mary Herbert Jones. He was of English descent. Withers received his education at Greene Academy in Huntsville. In 1831 he attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, and graduated four years later standing 44th out of 56 cadets. He was appointed a brevet second lieutenant in the 1st U.S. Dragoons on July 1, 1835. He was posted to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and resigned his commission the following year on December 5.
After resigning, Withers began a law practice in Alabama. In 1836 he entered the state's militia forces, and he later became a cotton broker. On January 12, 1837, Withers married Rebecca Eloise Forney, and the couple would have ten children together. He was admitted to Alabama's bar association in 1838. During the Mexican–American War, Withers was appointed a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army on March 3, 1847, and was assigned to the 13th U.S. Infantry. He was promoted to colonel on September 13 in the 9th U.S. Infantry, and resigned on May 23, 1848. 
Withers returned to Alabama following the war with Mexico, and became a merchant there before entering local politics. He served first in Alabama's State Legislature, and then in 1855 he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. From 1858 to 1861 Withers was the mayor of Mobile, Alabama.
Civil War service.
During the American Civil War, Withers chose to follow his home state and the Confederate cause, and entered the Confederate States Army in 1861. He was appointed the colonel of the 3rd Alabama Infantry on April 28, and served briefly as commander of the Department of Norfolk that May. Withers was promoted to brigadier general on July 10, and began his Western Theater service in the fall.
Withers commanded the District of Alabama from September 12, 1861 to January 27, 1862. His command was re-designated the Army of Mobile on January 27 until February 5, and became the 2nd Division of the II Corps in the Army of Mississippi on March 29. Withers fought during the Battle of Shiloh in Tennessee on April 6, and was promoted to major general from that date. He commanded the Reserve Corps of the Army of Mississippi from June 30 to August 18, later referred to as Withers' Division in the "Right Wing" until November 20.
The Army of Mississippi was renamed the Army of Tennessee on November 20, 1862, and Withers led his 2nd Division with distinction during the Battle of Stones River on December 31 to January 2, 1863. His conduct in the fight was greatly praised by his corps commander, Lt. Gen. Leonidas Polk, as well as by the army's commander, Gen. Braxton Bragg. An account of his performance at Stones River (also called Murfreesboro) follows:
Withers commanded his division until resigning his commission in the Confederate Army on July 13, 1863, but was quickly restored to his rank as a major general a week later. He was given command of the District of North Alabama in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, & East Louisiana from February 6 to July 27, 1864. He then commanded the Reserve Forces of Alabama from April 30 to May 4, 1865. He was paroled at Meridian, Mississippi on May 11 after the Department had been surrendered and the war came to an end.
Postbellum.
Withers was pardoned by the U.S. Government on December 28, 1865, and returned to his civilian life in Alabama. Withers again took up the law, and then he became a cotton broker and editor of Mobile's "Tribune" newspaper. Briefly in 1867 Withers was once again mayor of the city of Mobile, and from 1878 to 1879 he was the treasurer of the city. Withers died in 1890 in Mobile, and he was buried in the city's Magnolia Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19150328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150328" title="Magaly Carvajal">
Magaly Carvajal

Magalys Carvajal (born December 18, 1968) is a Cuban Volleyball Player, World champion and Olympic champion. She led Cuba to Olympic Gold Medals in the 1992 Barcelona and 1996 Atlanta Games. She also helped Cuba to win the World Gold Medal in 1994.
She has been called the greatest middle blocker to ever play the sport of women's volleyball, standing at 6' 3" tall. Known for shutting down the greatest hitters in the world. Her vertical jump (11 feet) is rivaled only by teammate Mireya Luis. Her stare is known to intimidate any player at the net, and has been called by many of her peers "the look of death". She was a dominant blocker and hitter in the world during her time as a starter for the Cuban National Team.
Magaly is still an active player in 2009 for Ciudad Las Palmas G.C. Cantur in Spain, where she is one of the best attackers and blockers being elected MVP and "best 7" several times.
In 2013/14 she plays for CV IBSA ACE Gran Canaria 2014 and is one of the Top Scorers in 
the first Spanish league.

</doc>
<doc id="19150333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150333" title="The Five Sharps">
The Five Sharps

The Five Sharps were a short-lived vocal group from Queens, NY. They are best known today for their recording of "Stormy Weather". "Stormy Weather" is today considered one of the most collectible doo wop singles ever released. After the group broke up, several of the members went on to join other groups, such as The Videos.
The recording of "Stormy Weather".
In 1952, after months of performing at local functions, The Five Sharps were spotted by a producer and taken into a studio to record two songs. The group recorded their own "Sleepy Cowboy" and the standard "Stormy Weather". The session took most of the day and they were paid in hot dogs and soda pop. 
First tenor Bobby Ward remembers that sales of "Stormy Weather" were so bad that he and the other members had to buy their own copies even though they'd never been paid for the recording in the first place. The song was released on Jubilee #5104.
The 78.
In late 1961, record collector Billy Pensabene found a 78 rpm copy of the record and brought it to Times Square Records, run by Irving “Slim” Rose. Slim borrowed the record to play on his “Sink Or Swim With Swingin' Slim” radio show on WBNX. While in his care, however, the record was broken. Slim admitted in June 1965 that the record "broke under arm" on the way home from the studio, but at other times he claimed that his pet raccoon, Teddy, had broken the disc by sitting on it.
Slim assured his angry customer that he would replace the broken record. He put up a sign in his store offering $25 in credit for a 78 of the song and $50 for a 45 rpm single. When weeks went by without any takers on his offer, Slim raised the rewards. Slim then went to the owner of Jubilee Records, Jerry Blaine, to get him to reissue the original. He was told that "Stormy Weather" was one of a batch of 80 masters which had been destroyed in a fire.
Since Jubilee, in 1952, had been releasing singles on both the 78 and 45 formats, collectors assumed that there must be a 45 somewhere (even then, collectors valued 45s much more than 78s). None ever surfaced, however, and only a handful of 78's of "Stormy Weather" have ever been found.
The re-recording.
In 1964, as the legend of the song grew, Jubilee hired a new group of musicians, under the name of The Five Sharps. They then recorded a new version of "Stormy Weather". It was released as Jubilee 5478, a 45 single. This version isn't nearly as collectible as the first version.
After "Stormy Weather".
Cuffey was diagnosed with leukemia and died in the early '60s. Bassett joined late-period incarnations of both the Drifters and the Flamingos, and later, formed the '70s band Creative Funk. The other members, pianist Tommy Duckett, Mickey Owens, and Bobby Ward, left the music industry until 1975, when four of the surviving group members performed at the Academy of Music in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19150341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150341" title="Radojica Perović Elementary School">
Radojica Perović Elementary School

Radojica Perović Elementary school is located in King Nikola Street in Podgorica, Montenegro.
The school was founded in 1961 and it had 960 students in 30 classes. In four years the number of students increased to 2,000, which prompted the opening of Maksim Gorki elementary school.
During the next nine years the school again began overloaded with students and the Sutjeska elementary school was formed. On December 12, 1983 the school was moved to a new building in Block VI and it left its old building in 1 Vasa Raičković Street. The old building became the site of the Ivan Uskoković vocational school.
Radojica Petrović had already had over 1,400 students in 41 classes. In 1994 the number increased to 2,100 and Štampar Makarije elementary school was formed.
On May 17, 1989 the school was awarded the highest state award for outstanding results in education - the "Oktoih" award.

</doc>
<doc id="19150391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150391" title="Maurice Leggett">
Maurice Leggett

Maurice Lamar Leggett (born October 2, 1986) is an American football cornerback who is currently a member of the Philadelphia Soul of the Arena Football League. He entered the NFL as a free agent in May 2008. He played college football for Valdosta State University. Won the Mack Lee Hill Award as the Kansas City Chiefs top rookie for 2008. On November 25, 2009, Leggett was placed on Injured Reserve due to a shoulder injury. He was placed on injured reserve after hurting his knee against Pittsburgh. On September 4, 2010, he was again placed on IR, ending his season for the second time. On July 29, 2011, Leggett signed with the Detroit Lions. He was released on August 17.

</doc>
<doc id="19150393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150393" title="Campichoetidae">
Campichoetidae

Campichoetidae is a small family of acalyptrate Diptera with only one genus "Campichoeta" Macquart, 1835.They are regarded by some authors as Diastatidae.
References.
McAlpine, J. F. 1962. A revision of the genus "Campichoeta" Macquart (Diptera: Diastatidae)."Can. Entomol." 94:1-10.

</doc>
<doc id="19150426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150426" title="Wythnos yng Nghymru Fydd">
Wythnos yng Nghymru Fydd

Wythnos yng Nghymru Fydd ("A Week in the Wales of the Future") is a science fiction novel in the Welsh language written by Islwyn Ffowc Elis and published by Plaid Cymru in 1957.
Set in the 1950s, the narrator Ifan Powel takes part in a time travel experiment and lands in Cardiff in the year 2033. He is hosted by a family and for 5 days is taken in a journey around Wales. He finds that Wales has secured self government and is prosperous economically, and socially harmonious; everyone is bilingual in both Welsh and English. He falls in love with the daughter of his host family, Mair, and when he returns to the Wales of the 1950s his longing for her makes him want to return to 2033. The scientist conducting the experiment cautions him against this as the future is not set and Ifan may therefore encounter a very different future if he travels again (see Rules of Time Travel), but after Ifan begs for his help he agrees to send Ifan back.
However, when Ifan returns he finds a totally different Wales. In this Dystopian future, the Welsh language has died out and traces of Welsh identity have all but disappeared. Indeed even the country's name has been changed to "Western England". Violence and social tensions are also commonplace. Ifan only stays here for two days in order to look for Mair, but when he finds her he discovers that her name in this future is Maria, and she has no memory of him.
After returning to the present for the second time, the scientist explains to Ifan that both scenarios that Ifan encountered are possible for Wales and that it is up to the Welsh people which one comes to pass. This converts Ifan into a Welsh nationalist (he had previously been opposed to nationalism) and he swears to do everything within his power to ensure that the Wales that he visited first is the one that will be realised.
The novel is significant in the history of Welsh-language literature in that it was the first major science fiction work for adults to be written in the Welsh language, but it has been argued that the fact that it is (on the author's own admission) a blatant work of political propaganda diminishes its literary value to an extent.
Bibliography.
"Wythnos yng Nghymru Fydd" has been the subject of various critical appraisals:

</doc>
<doc id="19150429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150429" title="Mike Bottom">
Mike Bottom

Mike Bottom is the ninth head coach in the 87-year history of the University of Michigan men’s swimming program and one of the world's most recognized swimming coaches. In 2012 he was named coach of all the University of Michigan's men's and women's swimming, and well as diving programs. His 2013 Men's team won the NCAA Division I Swimming and Diving championship. This was Michigan's 12th NCAA men's championship and its first since 1995. A non-participating 1980 Olympian, due to the 1980 Summer Olympics boycott, he is the younger brother of 1976 Olympic Silver Medalist Joe Bottom.
Previously, he was the assistant swimming coach at University of California, Berkeley, where his teams finished eighth place or better at NCAA championships and second place at the Pac-10 Championships. Prior to his joining legendary coach Nort Thornton at Cal, Mike coached four years at USC with Olympic coach and now USA Swimming Team Head Coach & General Manager, Mark Schubert. In Mike's final season at USC, with the help of a strong women's sprint core, USC won their only Women's NCAA Championship to date. Bottom also held a coaching stint at Auburn from 1991-94. He created the ultra sprint program, taking two then unheard-of athletes, Bill Pilczuk and Dean Hutchinson, to the NCAA finals. He assisted in the rise of the Auburn men's team that won the 1997 and 1999 NCAA titles.
For eleven summers Bottom has coached an international Sprint Team. In the past three Olympiads, one-half (nine) of the 18 medals awarded in the men's sprint freestyle events (50 m and 100 m) have been won by athletes that he has coached. This past summer Bottom took a group of 13 swimmers to Europe for a training camp and international competition circuit. After winning the European championships Cal's Bartosz Kizierowski was number one in the world, Duje Draganja was a silver and bronze medalist in the same competition. During the summer of 2004 he coached ten swimmers from eight different countries at the Olympic Games in Athens.
In the past two FINA World Championships (2005 Long Course and 2006 Short Course) all the medals won in the 50 freestyle swimmers had been coached by Bottom. Although he is known world wide for coaching sprinters, 12 of the 18 school records at Cal are held by athletes that Bottom personally coached. He has coached an NCAA champion in every stroke. 
At the 2004 Olympics in Athens and 2008 Olympics in Beijing, Bottom served as the Croatian Team Olympic Coach. 
During the summer of 2002, Bottom traveled to Europe with 14 athletes to establish a training base in Split, Croatia. 
Bottom was the assistant coach for the World Team that finished second at the 2001 Goodwill Games in Brisbane, Australia. 
At the 2000 NCAA Bottom coached Anthony Ervin to wins in both the 50 and 100-meter freestyle. Then in 2001, Ervin repeated as the NCAA champion in the 100 free, tying the legendary Matt Biondi with a time of 41.80.
At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, history was made in the premier sprint swimming event the 50 meter freestyle. Two US Athletes, Gary Hall, Jr. and Anthony Ervin finished in a first ever tie for the Gold Medal. Gary and Anthony as well as the 5th place finisher Bart Kizierowski from Poland all swam for Bottom.
Prior to the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, Bottom left the University of California for the head coach position of the Race Club in the Florida Keys. The so-called World Team included athletes such as Nathan Adrian, Gary Hall Jr., Milorad Čavić and George Bovell. Bottom left the Race Club after the Olympics for the head coach of the University of Michigan.
Bottom graduated from USC with a bachelor's degree in psychology and received the Scholar-Athlete Award for the graduating athlete with the highest GPA. He received a master's degree in counseling at Auburn. Bottom, a member of three NCAA Championship teams at USC, was an Olympic team member and was on a world record 4×100 m freestyle relay.

</doc>
<doc id="19150433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150433" title="Ed Yewell">
Ed Yewell

Edwin Leonard Yewell (August 22, 1862 – September 15, 1940) was a professional baseball player. Yewell played Major League Baseball in the 1884 season for two teams named the Washington Nationals; one was in the American Association (AA) and the other was in the Union Association (UA). In 28 total games, he batted .237 in 97 at bats, with three doubles and one triple. He also played defensively as a second baseman, shortstop, third baseman, and outfielder, with his most appearances coming at second base with 11.
Yewell made his debut for the AA's Nationals on May 12, 1884, recording one hit in three at bats. On July 2, in a game against the Cincinnati Red Stockings, he was hit by a Gus Shallix pitch; Yewell returned to the Nationals by August, but author David Nemec states that "he was never the same player." After his lone Major League season, Yewell remained with the UA's Nationals, who had joined the Eastern League. He became a patent attorney after the end of his playing career.

</doc>
<doc id="19150438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150438" title="Nial Tanvir">
Nial Tanvir

Professor Nial Tanvir of the University of Leicester is a professional astronomer who has made important contributions to the extra-galactic distance scale and galaxy evolution. Perhaps most significant is his research in and around Gamma ray bursts. Tanvir has featured in various TV programs, including The Sky at Night hosted by Sir Patrick Moore, which is an astronomically focused TV program, and a BBC Horizon documentary about gamma-ray bursts (GRBs). 
In 2002 he was a member of the research group which won the European Union Descartes Prize for their pioneering work on gamma-ray bursts.
Tanvir headed the international team that discovered the infrared afterglow of GRB 090423 (detected 2009 April 23), the most distant event recorded to date.
In 2013 he led a team that discovered so-called kilonova emission accompanying GRB 130603B, which provided the first direct evidence that short-duration gamma-ray bursts are created by merging compact sources, either two neutron-stars or a neutron-star and black-hole.

</doc>
<doc id="19150450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150450" title="Cephonodes hylas">
Cephonodes hylas

The Pellucid Hawk Moth ("Cephonodes hylas") is a moth of the family Sphingidae. Found in Africa, India, South-East Asia and Australia, the "Cephonodes hylas" has a wingspan of 45–73 mm. 
Its larvae feed on Burchellia, Gardenia, Kraussia, Pavetta and Vangueria species.

</doc>
<doc id="19150505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150505" title="Fazaia Inter College, Lahore">
Fazaia Inter College, Lahore

Fazaia Air Force College Lahore or PAF Inter College Lahore (پاک فضائیہ) is located next to the Pakistan Air Force Base in Lahore. It is one of the few high schools in the world that is called a "college". The college is secluded from the rest of the city via a road from PAF market.
It is a part of the Pakistan Air Force schools and colleges system which is spread across Pakistan.
History.
It was made as a primary school in 1964, but later converted to a high school and ultimately as a college in 1983.
Equality.
PAF College Lahore is coeducational
Academics.
The classes include the Pre-Engineering, Pre-Medical and Computer Science Academic Programs for 11th and 12th Grade.
Upon graduation from 12th grade the students are given the Higher Senior Secondary Certificate by Pakistan's Federal Board of Intermediate Secondary Education Islamabad. The HSSC is equivalent to an American high school degree or GED.
1997, a student of the college secured the first position in the Higher Secondary School Certificate HSSC (FSc) examination of the Federal Board of Intermediate Secondary Education. In 2002 a student secured first position in the matriculation examination of the Federal Board of Intermediate Secondary Education throughout Pakistan and broke several records by securing 787/850 marks.
Subjects.
Class subjects include:
Sports.
Fazaia College students participate in cricket, football, field hockey, athletics, and basketball. Its teams compete all over Pakistan with Pakistan Air Force Colleges in addition to other colleges and universities
Facilities.
Medical.
For medical care, the college has a clinic headed by a doctor with the necessary staff to assist.
Uniform.
It is mandatory for students to be in the prescribed dress during college hours. Boys wear a light blue dress shirt with dark grey formal pants, and the girls wear a light blue shirt with white shalwar and duppatta.
Recreational activities.
Picnics are arranged regularly. The students are taken to recreational spots around Lahore. A camping trip is annually made to hydropower dams and parks like Changa Managa.
Drama society and music.
Fazaia College administration encourages students to enjoy acting and music. Drama teams from Fazaia College compete with other colleges throughout Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19150514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150514" title="Irena Ponaroshku">
Irena Ponaroshku

Irena Ponaroshku (born October 14, 1982) () is a Russian media personality, known as a VJ and host of the "Russian Top 10" ("Russkaya 10-ka") on MTV Russia. She writes a weekly column for "OK!" magazine, “The Week with Irena Ponaroshku” (""Nedelya s Irena Ponaroshku""). She is also known as the subject of racy photographs, which have appeared in the men’s magazine "Maxim".
Biography.
Little biographical information about Ponaroshku is publicly available. Her biography on the MTV web site formerly told a story of the daughter of a bass player from the Polish group “Chervony Gitary”, Yanyk Ponaroshku, whose family fled Poland for the Soviet Union in 1989 following the rise of the Solidarity movement. This information is repeated on numerous web sites. She has claimed that Ponaroshku “is not a pseudonym! It is a Polish-Hungarian surname, like Zanavesku and other heroes of jokes about Stierlitz!” However, she has stated in interviews that she was born in Moscow, and she was formerly known by the Russian name Irina Filippova ().
Ponaroshku has given her height as 169 cm. She studied economics at the Peoples' Friendship University of Russia in Moscow.
She got her start on MTV as a teen when cast for the Russian version of MTV's 12 Angry Viewers show ("12 zlobnykh zriteley"), on which participants rated video clips. She caught the attention of a producer who offered her a spot as an assistant host. Before becoming the regular host of "Russian Top 10", she appeared on the programs "Fooling Around" ("Durakavalyaniye"), "Night Flirt" ("Nochnоy Flirt"), "The Total Show" ("Totalnoye shou"), and "Combined Chart" ("Svodny Chart").
She was the backstage reporter of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
Ponaroshku bore a son on March 31, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19150522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150522" title="Harold A. Wilson (physicist)">
Harold A. Wilson (physicist)

Harold Albert Wilson FRS (1 December 1874–1964) was an English physicist.
Background.
Wilson was born in York, the son of a railway clerk. His mother, Anne Gill, was the daughter of a farmer and innkeeper from Topcliffe. Harold had one sister, Lilian, who would marry Sir Owen W. Richardson.
Education.
Wilson was educated at Yorkshire College in Leeds, the University of Leeds and the University of Berlin.
Career.
in 1896 he was a colleague of English physicist J. J. Thomson in Cambridge, and performed one of the earliest measurements of the electron's charge. He was awarded his Doctor of Science degree from London in 1900, and was elected Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge in October 1901. From 1901 to 1904, he was a student of James Clerk Maxwell the Cavendish Laboratory. He became a lecturer in Physics at King's College London, then professor at the college in 1905. In 1909 he was a professor at McGill University in Montreal. He joined the Rice Institute in 1912, becoming the first chair of the physics department. He spent a year at the University of Glasgow in 1924 before becoming a physicist for an oil company in Houston. He retired from Rice University in 1947.
Awards and honors.
Wilson was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. The Wilson Award at Rice University is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19150526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150526" title="(115485) 2003 UR19">
(115485) 2003 UR19

115485 (2003 UR19) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 22, 2003, by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150528" title="Andrea Brachfeld">
Andrea Brachfeld

Andrea Brachfeld is an American jazz flautist.
Biography.
Brachfeld is a graduate of The High School of Music & Art and Manhattan School of Music. Her career started in the 1970s and she has recorded with Africando, Noel Pointer, and Timbalaye. Her breakthrough was in the Latin band Charanga ‘76, where she became the first female flute player to play salsa music in the United States.
Brachfeld has studied with Hubert Laws, Jimmy Heath, and Mike Longo. She has received the Latin New York Music Award twice during her career. She has performed with Dave Valentin, Nestor Torres, and Ray Barretto, and once opened for Chick Corea,and Paco de Lucia in a concert in Venezuela.
She has played as a soloist with the Winnipeg Jazz Orchestra. They performed compositions by Brachfeld herself, as well as those by Dizzy Gillespie's musical director Mike Longo.
Andrea is the cousin of former New York Yankee Michael Brachfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="19150530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150530" title="The Lost Art of Time Travel">
The Lost Art of Time Travel

The Lost Art of Time Travel is a 2008 album by the progressive rock band Presto Ballet. Presto Ballet was founded by Metal Church guitarist Kurdt Vanderhoof. Their sound is highly reminiscent of 70's prog rock, as the band was founded chiefly as a tribute to classic progressive bands such as Yes and Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="19150534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150534" title="Haitham al-Haddad">
Haitham al-Haddad

Haitham al-Haddad is a London-based Islamic scholar, Muslim community leader and television presenter of Palestinian origin. Al-Haddad sits on the boards of advisors for Islamic organisations in the United Kingdom, including the Islamic Sharia Council. He is the chair and operations advisor, and a trustee, for the Muslim Research and Development Foundation. Some of his views have been considered as controversial in Europe.
Educational qualifications.
According to the Islamic Research Foundation's website, Haitham al-Haddad has a B Sc (Honours) in Law and Shari'ah from Omdurman Islamic University in Sudan and a B Sc in Computer Science from the King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals, Saudi Arabia. He earned a PhD in Islamic Law from SOAS, University of London in 2012.
Controversial remarks.
In 2001, Haitham al-Haddad allegedly said "I will tell you the truth about the fight between us and Jews who are the enemies of God and the descendants of apes and pigs". He later said that "this is the translation of what has been attributed to me" and that it had been incorrectly translated from Arabic to English.
A journalist for Radio Netherlands Worldwide wrote, ""Strikingly, the cleric omits the definite article "the" before "Jews."" In the Arabic language, this omission could be taken to mean he was not speaking about Jews in general but only about those Jews who are enemies of God and descendants of apes and pigs.
In a homophobic article called ‘Standing up against Homosexuality and LGBTs’, Haddad has written of “the scourge of homosexuality”, which he calls a “criminal act” 
His attitudes towards women are highlighted by a comment he made in which he declared that “a man should not be questioned why he hit his wife, because this is something between them”. He has claimed that there is a "proper" way of performing FGM, further saying "it is consensus of all the scholars that female circumcision is sunnah ".
In addition to this he has also claimed that “the most honourable and worthy role for a woman is striving to be a fine wife...this role does not only secure the best for a woman in the hereafter, but also fits perfectly with her natural disposition”
Controversial events.
2012 Netherlands visit.
In February 2012, the Dutch parliament majority tried to prevent Haddad speaking at VU University in Amsterdam. The university subsequently cancelled the event. Haddad blamed the opposition to him on a "Zionist lobby".
London "mega-mosque" project.
Haddad called for a 15,000-people march to put pressure on Newham council to permit building of a large mosque in West Ham, London Borough of Newham, which would have been three times the size of St Paul's Cathedral.
"Halal Fun Day".
In February 2014, al-Haddad's leadership of the MRDF caused controversy after the organisation booked Legoland Windsor for a private event, which it called a "Halal Fun Day". A local UKIP councillor claimed that residents were "up in arms", and called for a demonstration, while nationalist groups Casuals United and the English Defence League also stated that they would protest. Later that month, for safety reasons, Legoland cancelled the planned event.

</doc>
<doc id="19150542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150542" title="116446 McDermid">
116446 McDermid

116446 McDermid (2004 AG) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on January 5, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150547" title="Gateway Cup">
Gateway Cup

The Gateway Cup is a 4 day, criterium cycling race held in St. Louis, Missouri over Labor Day weekend. There are five races each day based on ability, ranging from novices (Category 5 cyclists) to professionals (Category 1 cyclists). There are over $25,000 in prize money awarded over the 4 day race. 
The criterium race itself is on an approximately 1-mile closed course within 4-distinct St. Louis Neighborhoods. The race duration varies from 30 minutes to 75 minutes. This American style of racing appeals to both athletes and spectators alike as the peloton, or pack of cyclists, pass by every few minutes at impressive speeds holding lines only inches apart from one another. Spectators can watch the race develop lap after lap and hear commentators announce race strategy, allowing more of an understanding and involvement in the excitement.
Famous Racers/Racing Teams to attend the Gateway Cup
Racers
Dan Schmatz, Henk Vogels
Teams
7/up cycling team, Toyota United

</doc>
<doc id="19150550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150550" title="Suthi Veerabhadra Rao">
Suthi Veerabhadra Rao

Sutti Veerabhadra Rao or Mamidipalli Veerabhadra Rao (Telugu: సుత్తి వీరభద్రరావు / మామిడిపల్లి వీరభద్రరావు) was a very popular South Indian Film Actor who essayed the roles of Comedian and Character artists, as well as a renowned Radio /Theater Artist.
Early life.
Veerabhadra Rao was the only son for his parents, and had two younger sisters. He hailed from the East Godavari District (born at Ayanapuram) of Andhra Pradesh, and moved to Vijayawada on his father's job. He did his schooling in 'AKTP school' and graduated from Andhra University, through 'SRR College', Vijayawada.
Career.
Suthi Veerabhadra Rao was one half of the famous "Sutti Janta", the other being Velu. He was a popular Radio and Theater Artist from 1970-1980. He entered the film industry in 1981, and became popular with Naalugu Sthambaalata in 1982. Until his untimely death due to heart attack, at the age of 41, he acted in 200+ films.
Radio and Theater career.
Veerabhadra Rao was interested in acting right from his childhood, he used to act in stage plays at school level. During his graduation days at SRR College, Vijayawada, he teamed with Jandhyala who was his classmate, and together, they participated in many competitions at university level. This team went on to become one of the hit teams in film industry with respect to comedy.
After Graduation, with love for theater, he went on to become an employee of All India Radio (AIR), Vijayawada. While working there, he had staged many plays in Thummalapalli Kalakshetram, and Veledandla Hanumantharaya Grandhalayam, Vijayawada. He also participated in many plays that were broadcast from AIR. During his tenure with AIR, VJA, he worked with stalwarts of Telugu Theater and literature, like CSR Anajaneyulu, Vinnakota Ramanna Panthulu, Nanduri Subba Rao, C Rama Mohan Rao, Usha Sri, Vinnakota Vijayaram, Indrakanti Sreekanth Sarma, P Pandurangarao (Panduringa), Peri Kameswara Rao, Koka Sanjeeva Rao, A B Anand etc. Sri Balatranpu RajaniKantha Rao (Rajani) is instrumental for his entry into AIR. Sri Rajani would select his staff only if they could pronounce all the 56 letters of Telugu language, in a clear tone, with correct pronunciation and enunciation.His most popular Stage play was Krishna Paksham Presented at Konteru Nataka Parishath. 
Film Artist.
He entered the Telugu film industry in 1981, with the film Jatara. However, he got noticed in the industry in 1982, through the film "Naalugu Sthambaalata" by Jandhayla. He became famous in Tollywood for his lengthy dialogs. From 1982 to 1988, he acted in over 200 films. During this period, he essayed different kinds of roles.
He was the main character in many of the earlier films of Naresh and Rajendra Prasad. He was approached by few producers and directors for a guest role, with the belief that his presence would make the film a hit. As a result, there are many films where he is seen, sometimes, even without credits. During his short tenure, he acted with most of the heroes of his time. At the time of his death in 1988, he completed the shooting for the film "Choopulu Kalisina Subhavela", but, the voice dubbing remained. Jandhyala gave his voice for the character.
Personal life.
Veerabhadra Rao married Sekhari in 1970 and has two children, a son and a daughter. His daughter died in 2013 from cancer.
He was an avid reader of Literature in Telugu and English. He had his own personal library consisting of some of the books such as Veyi Padagalu and Srimad Bhagavatham. He also had a big collection of plays written in Telugu. 
He used to donate huge amounts of money for the needy, and there were many beneficiaries from him. He led a simple life, helping others, and doing what he liked to do. He was religious.
Death.
While shooting for a song in the film Choopulu Kalisina Subhavela, there was a sprain on one of his legs. Being a diabetic, he could not recover immediately and was advised to take some rest, as he was working continuously for a long time. 
He was admitted in a hospital for recovery. Two days later, a fatal injection resulted in Heart Attack that took away his life. He died in the early hours of 30 June 1988.
Filmography.
Some of his popular films are:

</doc>
<doc id="19150552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150552" title="Khirt">
Khirt

Khirt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19150553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150553" title="Yojiro Uetake">
Yojiro Uetake

Olympics.
Uetake competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo where he received a gold medal in Freestyle wrestling, the "bantamweight" class.
He also received a gold medal in 1968.
He wrestled for Oklahoma State University, and was undefeated in three college seasons. He is a member of the USA Wrestling Hall of Fame.
References.
The Mat; Home of USA Wrestling

</doc>
<doc id="19150558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150558" title="(116903) 2004 GW">
(116903) 2004 GW

116903 (2004 GW) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on April 11, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California. The International Astronomical Union approved the name suggested by the discoverer, and announced the name in the 29 October 2012 Minor Planet Circular (M.P.C. 80331). The citation reads "Jerome Apt (b. 1949), is a former director of JPL's Table Mountain Observatory, former NASA astronaut (four shuttle flights, 1991-1996), and current professor at Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University."

</doc>
<doc id="19150562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150562" title="Annals of the Missouri Botanical Garden">
Annals of the Missouri Botanical Garden

The Annals of the Missouri Botanical Garden is a long-established major peer-reviewed journal of botany, established in 1914 by the Missouri Botanical Garden, under the directorship of botanist and phycologist, George Thomas Moore, and still published quarterly by the Missouri Botanical Garden Press. The standardized abbreviation for the citation of the journal is Ann. Missouri Bot. Gard.

</doc>
<doc id="19150572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150572" title="Tarō (given name)">
Tarō (given name)

, is a stand-alone Japanese given name or a common name suffix for males (literally meaning "eldest son"). Tarō can also be used as a surname.
Possible Writings.
The name Taro can have many different meaning depending on the kanji characters used to write it. The name can also be written using the hiragana or katakana writing systems. Possible variations of the name Taro include:

</doc>
<doc id="19150573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150573" title="Arman (name)">
Arman (name)

Arman is a variant and a derivative of the name Herman. Although originally a Germanic and an English given name, it can have different meanings and pronunciations depending on the location.
Its original meaning was "army man" and derives from the Germanic elements ""Heri"" meaning "army" combined with ""Man"" meaning "man" (compare archaic Dutch ""heer"", meaning "army" and "man"). It is cognate with German ""Hermann"".
Different locations.
Iran.
In Persian, "Arman" (pronounced Armaan) is a boy's name which can have different meanining depending on the text or era of the language. Some of the meanings can be: "noble", "trustworthy", "honorable", "ideal", "wish", "zeal", "destination", "hope", or "aspiration". It is also used in Pakistan both as a first and surname. 
Armenia.
One Armenian derivation is ""ari"(արի)" -"brave, aryan, noble" and Proto-Indo-European ""man"" - "man, human". Another is that Arman means "astonishment, surprise" from Armenian word զարմանք: զ (նախածանց) + արման + ք (հոգնակիակերտ վերջածանց).
Kazakhstan.
In the Kazakh language it means "dream".
Turkey.
In Turkish, its meaning differs according to sex. If the person is male it means "honorable person, trustable man". However, the person is female it means "sacred dream".
Kurdistan.
In Kurdish, it is derived from Ar (meaning fire, Agir) and Man (meaning continuity/ lasting existence) giving the name Arman meaning of a Lasting Fire.

</doc>
<doc id="19150581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150581" title="(128621) 2004 RD">
(128621) 2004 RD

128621 (2004 RD) is a main belt asteroid discovered on September 2, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150586" title="Guyver (surname)">
Guyver (surname)

Guyver or Guiver is a surname that has mostly dropped out of use. 
"Guyver" originally spelled "Gyver" is an old English family name which has been traced back to the death of Richard Gyver in 1544. The family home still exists in Ugley, Essex. An alternative spelling came about when the old English vowel 'Y' was changed to an 'I', so that Tyme became Time, Wyllyam became William and so on. The Guiver branch of the family is now larger than the original Gyver/Guyver side which still uses the old spelling.

</doc>
<doc id="19150589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150589" title="Magic Study">
Magic Study

Magic Study is a 2006 fantasy novel written by Maria V. Snyder, the second book in the Study series. The series is about a girl named Yelena who was kidnapped as a child from her home in Sitia from the Zaltana clan, who are strong in magic. At the age of sixteen, her magical abilities (illegal in Ixia) begin to show and she is experimented upon by her kidnappers, who tell her she was orphan. After killing one of her tormentors and awaiting her death in a dungeon, she is given the opportunity to become the Commander's food taster and live.
Plot.
After saving the life of the Commander, falling in love with Valek, the assassin, and discovering she was kidnapped as a child because of her suspected magical abilities, Yelena is forced to return to her original home of Sitia to train in magic so she is no longer an unstable threat to the magical world. The death sentence upon her from Ixia for her ability to do magic, despite her saving the Commander, also prevents her return to Ixia and her love, Valek.
Yelena is taken to the Zaltana clan and meets her long lost parents and older brother, Leif, who despises her and states his belief that she is a spy for Ixia. Because of his abilities as a magic user himself, many in her clan think he may be right, but her parents are welcoming despite her inability to remember them.
When Leif leaves for the Academy to advise the Council, Yelena must accompany him to start her training at the Academy. Along the way, they are ambused by Cahil and his soldiers, who tells her that he is the sole heir to the throne of Ixia, the only one that Valek missed during his assassinations in the Commander's takeover. He intends to have what is rightfully his, and wants Yelena to give him information about troop movements and such in Ixia. Though Yelena protests that she is not a spy, Cahil keeps her in chains. She escapes, but comes back later that night of her own accord to strike a deal with Cahil, since they are going to the same place and she wants to prove her innocence.
Cahil brings her before the First Magician, Roze, who essentially rapes Yelena's mind before declaring she is not a spy. Yelena manages to mostly fend her off, but spends several days in horror recuperating before beginning the basics of her training. During her training, Yelena assists in helping a young woman raped and beaten by a serial killer who inadvertently left her alive. In doing so, she discovers that she is likely a Soulfinder, a very powerful magic user. However, Yelena tries not to believe this is so, as the last Soulfinder stole people's souls and used them to his own purposes before he was finally killed. She has a talent for influencing people and can at times take over their bodies, leaving her own.
Yelena's methods of doing things her own way and relying only on herself bring the wrath of her mentor, the Fourth Magician Irys, and when she goes off on her own to meet the serial killer, who has taken eleven souls of girls and needs a twelfth to come to him willingly, Irys breaks off the mind link between them in anger. But Yelena has Valek for help, as he has arrived in disguise with an Ixian delegation and has a natural immunity to magic. Together, and with help from her reluctant brother, they capture the killer. With the help of a Story Weaver magician named Moon Man, Yelena and Leif work out their differences as well, though they still banter as a real brother and sister.
However, the killer, who they nickname Ferde, is not the only rogue magician still out there. Yelena and another group of magicians fight many of the rogues, but are forced to retreat to fight another day. Valek returns to the delegation headed back to Ixia, and Yelena joins them briefly as well, at the request of the Commander, who promises to revoke her death sentence if she becomes a spy. Instead, Yelena offers to act as an intermediary between the two countries, once her magic training is complete.
Characters.
Yelena - Main Heroine. Yelena is on her way to be reunited with the family she'd been stolen from long ago. Although she has gained her freedom, she can't help feeling isolated in Sitia. Her Ixian background has changed her in many ways, and her new-found friends and relatives don't think it's for the better. Despite the turmoil, she's eager to start her magical training. But her plans take a radical turn when she becomes involved with a plot to reclaim Ixia's throne for a lost prince, and gets entangled in powerful rivalries with her fellow magicians. If that wasn't bad enough, it appears her brother would love to see her dead. Luckily, Yelena has some old friends to help her with her new enemies.
Valek - Main Hero and Yelena's love interest, a highly skilled Assassin who is famous and feared for killing the former king, and being immune to magic. As the chief of security, Valek’s duties involve keeping the Territory of Ixia and the Commander safe. He’s in charge of a vast network of spies throughout Ixia and into the southern lands of Sitia. The work suits him as he enjoys putting together pieces of information and discovering plots and plans well before they are initiated. Patience learned when he studied the assassin arts aids him when he does find an illegal activity in full swing. Watching and learning as much as he can, Valek will only pounce when he’s assured of catching all the culprits. He is not only confident, but cocky as well.
Ari - Secondary character. Solid, strong and unflappable, Ari is a down to earth guy. His intelligence has helped him rise through the ranks of the Commander’s Army from Private to Captain. He is the complete opposite of his partner, Janco, who can drive him crazy at times but Ari will not trust anyone else to protect his back.
Janco - Secondary character. Quick witted and fleet footed, Janco is a fast fighter and talker. He loves to duel with swords and sing rhymes to unnerve his opponents. Known as a jokester, Janco is frequently underestimated and has surprised many with his fighting skills. His views on life are rather odd and he enjoys embellishing a good story. His partner, Ari keeps him in line and grounds him. Janco’s constant bantering and bickering with others makes for either high entertainment or pure annoyance depending on who you are, but if anyone should threaten one of his friends, Janco turns deadly serious.
Irys - Secondary character. The 'Fourth Master Magician' of Sitia, Irys, who makes several brief appearances in Poison Study, becomes Yelena's mentor in an effort to teach control of her magical abilities. Throughout the novel, Irys and Yelena contact each other with a mental connection the student and teacher have created. Irys's 'Spirit Guide' which supposedly gave guidance during the Master Magician test, is a hawk.
Cahil - Secondary Character, antagonist. Cahil and his army from Ixia kidnap Yelena and her brother, Leif, who abandons Yelena's welfare to befriend Cahil. Cahil claims he is the nephew of the late King of Ixia, slain by Valek. It is later revealed that Cahil is the son of an Ixian soldier and has no relation to the King.
Lief - Secondary Character. Yelena's brother, Lief witnessed her kidnapping fourteen years before. He searched for her all those years, he loved his sister dearly. When she returns he thinks that she has been corrupted by Ixia, and tries to have her captured and killed.
Critical reception.
Publishers Weekly said of "Magic Study" "Snyder's lively, charming mix of romance and fantasy is sure to gain her new fans.".

</doc>
<doc id="19150603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150603" title="(129066) 2004 VY28">
(129066) 2004 VY28

129066 (2004 VY28) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on November 7, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150605" title="15th Tony Awards">
15th Tony Awards

The 15th Annual Tony Awards took place on April 16, 1961 in the Waldorf-Astoria Grand Ballroom in New York City. The ceremony was broadcast on local television station WCBS-TV (Channel 2) in New York City. The Master of Ceremonies was Phil Silvers.
The ceremony.
Presenters: Anna Maria Alberghetti, Anne Bancroft, Ray Bolger, Carol Channing, Henry Fonda, Joan Fontaine, Robert Goulet, Helen Hayes, Celeste Holm, Fredric March, Mary Martin, Helen Menken Patricia Neal, Paul Newman, Geraldine Page, Sidney Poitier, Robert Preston, Jason Robards, Gig Young.
The performer was Eleanor Steber. 
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"

</doc>
<doc id="19150621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150621" title="(134010) 2004 VW28">
(134010) 2004 VW28

134010 (2004 VW28) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on November 7, 2004 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150638" title="(143052) 2002 WY2">
(143052) 2002 WY2

143052 (2002 WY2) is a main belt asteroid discovered on November 24, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150641" title="Birds of the Indiana Dunes">
Birds of the Indiana Dunes

The Indiana Dunes (State Park and National Lakeshore) protect over of dunes and shoreline. From the barren sand beaches to the inter-dunal ponds and the intervening forest, this area is inhabited by 271 identified species of birds. 
Because the area forms part of the Mississippi Flyways, many more species of birds can be observed there during spring and fall migration times.
Common Birds of Indiana Dunes.
This is a listing of the most common birds seen in the Indiana Dunes.
Where to see birds.
For more details about each habitat type, see Habitats of the Indiana Dunes.
Lake and beachesThere are several points of access to the beaches of Lake Michigan. From east to west, they are: Central Avenue; Lakeview (Beverly Shores); Kemil Road Beach (west end of Beverly Shores); Indiana Dunes State Park (administion fee); Cowles Bog Trail ( walk with a climb); West Beach (administion fee).
Dunes
Mt. Baldy (steep climb); Indiana Dunes State Park (administion fee); West Beach (administion fee).
FieldsThe Calumet Bike Trail traverses the length of the park along the South Shore Tracks, with parking at several points, including the Mineal Springs Road, U.S. 12 in the Pines. The Chellberg Farm off Mineral Springs Road and U.S. 20 has several cultivated fields.
Woods
Indiana Dunes State Park, trails #9 and #10; the Ly-Co-Ki-We horsetrail, U.S. 20; Miller Woods on Lake Street in Gary; and The Bailly/Chellberg trail in Porter
Ponds
Long Lake is easy to reach from West Beach, of Lake/Porter County Line Road. Miller Woods is dotted with ponds.
Marsh
The Great Marsh stretches from Dune Acres (off Mineral Springs Road, east, to East State Park Road (Kemil Rd).
Swamps
The Restoration of the Great Marsh in Beverly Shores along Beverly drive (east and west of Broadway. Trail #2 in the State Park traverses a large area of swamp.
Conifers, wooded edgesThese are most difficult as they are scattered throughout the other habitats and do not dominate any single area.

</doc>
<doc id="19150644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150644" title="Brian de la Puente">
Brian de la Puente

 
Brian Loomis de la Puente (born May 13, 1985) is an American football center for the New Orleans Saints. He was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. De la Puente has also been a member of the Kansas City Chiefs, Carolina Panthers and Seattle Seahawks.
Early life.
De la Puente is Jewish on his mother's side, and was born in Los Angeles, California. He attended San Clemente High School. He played college football at California. His maternal grandmother was also Jewish.
Professional career.
First stint with 49ers.
After going undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft, De La Puente was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent on May 1. He was waived during final cuts on August 30.
Kansas City Chiefs.
De la Puente was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs on August 31, 2008. He was inactive for the team's first seven games before being released on October 29. The Chiefs re-signed him to the practice squad the following day.
De la Puente was re-signed to a future contract by the Chiefs on December 30, 2008. He was waived on August 24, 2009 when the team acquired offensive linemen Andy Alleman and Ikechuku Ndukwe from the Miami Dolphins.
Seattle Seahawks.
De la Puente was claimed off waivers by the Seattle Seahawks on August 25, 2009 after the team waived guard Grey Ruegamer. He was cut on September 5, and added to the practice squad on September 16. He was cut from the practice squad on September 22 and re-added on September 30.
Carolina Panthers.
De la Puente was signed to the Carolina Panthers' practice squad on November 17.
Second stint with 49ers.
De la Puente signed a future contract with the San Francisco 49ers on January 22, 2010. He was waived on September 4.
Second stint with Seahawks.
De la Puente was signed to the Seattle Seahawks' practice squad on September 16, 2010. He was released on September 21.
New Orleans Saints.
De la Puente was signed to the Saints practice squad on October 15, 2010 and spent the rest of the season there. In 2011, Saints starting center Jonathan Goodwin left to join the San Francisco 49ers, and the Saints signed longtime Chicago Bears star Olin Kreutz to replace him. De la Puente filled in effectively when Kreutz was injured early in the season, then found himself as the starter when Kreutz unexpectedly decided to retire in mid-season. De la Puente continued to play well as the Saints set offensive records for the season and the offensive line won its second Madden Most Valuable Protectors Award in three years. De la Puente continued to hold the starting center position through the 2012 season. In its 2012 season-end review, "Pro Football Focus", calling de la Puente "the least well known player on the line", rated him as the team's highest-performing lineman in 2012.
A restricted free agent after the 2012 season, on April 9, 2013 de la Puente signed the Saints' one-year tender. He will be paid $2.023 million for the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19150651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150651" title="(145166) 2005 JL">
(145166) 2005 JL

145166 (2005 JL) is a main belt asteroid discovered on May 3, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150662" title="Robert Hodson">
Robert Hodson

Robert Leighton Hodson (1885–1960) was the second Bishop of Shrewsbury in the modern era.
Educated at Berkhamsted School and St Edmund Hall, Oxford, he was successively Curate at "St Peter's Wolverhampton", Vicar of "St Stephen’s, Cheltenham", Rector and Rural Dean of Wolverhampton and finally (before his elevation to the Episcopate) Archdeacon of Stafford. He retired in 1959 but died only a year later.

</doc>
<doc id="19150668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150668" title="(147735) 2005 NE">
(147735) 2005 NE

147735 (2005 NE) is a main belt asteroid discovered on July 2, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150680" title="(147799) 2005 RA34">
(147799) 2005 RA34

147799 (2005 RA34) is a main belt asteroid discovered on September 15, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150702" title="(149450) 2003 CE14">
(149450) 2003 CE14

149450 (2003 CE14) is a main belt asteroid discovered on February 6, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150704" title="Shut Down (Prison Break)">
Shut Down (Prison Break)

"Shut Down" is the 60th episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and was broadcast on September 8, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network. Jodi Lyn O'Keefe does not appear in this episode.
Plot.
After learning that they have five more cards to track down, Michael Scofield confronts Don Self about the news. Self swears that he knows nothing about the five other cards, and orders him to track the next one by the end of the day, or they will return to prison. Michael has no choice but to find the second Scylla card. While Michael discusses with the gang about finding the next card, Alexander Mahone disappears to make a call to Agent Felicia Lang, imploring her to find out who murdered his son. Lincoln Burrows becomes suspicious of Mahone, as he overhears the phone call. Meanwhile in Self's office, his director, Stanton is shocked to discover the fact that Scofield's team has to find another five cards. Despite Self's reassurances, Stanton is adamant that the team will not succeed and decides to shut down the operation.
Sara Tancredi discovers an e-mail that was sent to Stuart Tuxhorn about an arrival in London. Mahone suggests that the email is actually written in code, and Scofield quickly deciphers the contents, revealing the word "Scylla", and a four o'clock meeting. Roland then traces the e-mails to a server in Anaheim. While Fernando Sucre and Brad Bellick stake out Tuxhorn's office, the rest head to Anaheim to hack into the main server. Sara distracts an officer by claiming that she has "a job interview with human resources", sneaking his security badge from desk and passing it to Michael. Michael and Roland find the server room on the first floor and Roland proceeds to retrieve the email. Lincoln, who is observing from afar, spots the officer confronting Sara over his security badge, and calls Michael to warn him. To stall for time, Michael activates the fire alarm. When Roland successfully retrieves the email, they realize that they are trapped in the server room. As a fire safety measure, the server room is locked down and the oxygen is sucked out of the room to prevent the spread of the fire. Fortunately, Michael manages to call Lincoln, who shows up in time with a fire axe and rescues them by smashing a window. 
Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell finds himself on one of James Whistler's furnished apartments in Los Angeles. He later opens a Gate corporation letter, which mentions him that he would be paid $75,000 a year, with a further $10,000 commencement bonus. He contacts the director of the organization, who readily agrees to meet him. Fortunately for T-Bag, the director has never met him before, and a meeting for the next day is arranged. Elsewhere in Chicago, Wyatt interrogates Bruce Bennett, who doesn't reveal anything. Wyatt injects him with a substance which seems to disorient him, trying to make him talk. Bennett maintains that he does not know their whereabouts, but eventually reveals that Sara is somewhere in Los Angeles. With this new-found information, Wyatt shoots Bennett in the back of the head, execution style.
Back in Los Angeles, Sucre and Bellick prepare to leave when Tuxhorn does not shows up for work. However, they are quickly surrounded by armed agents and Sucre manages to text Michael a warning message, asking them simply to "Run." The gang flees after Roland learns that he is being locked out of the servers. They escape in a SUV, and a car chase ensues. The chase continues on foot when their vehicles are stuck in a gridlock and Self tracks them with their GPS ankle bracelets while they are on the run. They take temporary refuge in a tunnel where the GPS signal is lost. Michael figures out the code in the emails that leads them to the 4pm meeting at the Newport Beach power plant. They carjack a taxi and head to the power plant. However, Self tracked them down and detains everyone except for Michael who manages to slip away with some help from Sara. Michael sneaks across the plant to the meeting between Tuxhorn and the Pad Man and discovers that the meeting was between all six cardholders. Michael records the meeting on video and turns himself in to Self back at the warehouse, presenting him with the video. With the identity of the six cardholders in the video, Self decides to let the team to continue their work. Mahone receives information from Agent Lang on his son's killer. Lincoln confronts Mahone and agrees to help him find his son's killer when the Scylla mission is over - a change of heart from the last episode.
Reception.
IGN gave the episode a rating of 8.1/10 saying that in contrast to the premiere episode of the season "The story made sense, the action sequences were quite good, and the last scene was very satisfying."

</doc>
<doc id="19150712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150712" title="(149976) 2005 UO6">
(149976) 2005 UO6

149976 (2005 UO6) is a main belt asteroid discovered on October 24, 2005 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19150720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150720" title="MV Rozi">
MV Rozi

MV "Rozi" was a Bristol built tugboat launched in 1958 as the "Rossmore" by Charles Hill & Sons Ltd. In 1969 she was sold to Rea Towing Company and renamed "Rossgarth". In 1981 she was sold to Tug Malta, and renamed "Rozi", operated in Grand Harbour Valletta. 
"Rozi" was scuttled in 1992 off Ċirkewwa as an artificial reef and attraction for Captain Morgan's Underwater Safari Tours. The submarine no longer operates, but the wreck is a popular diving attraction sitting upright, intact except for its engines and propeller, on a sandy bed at a depth of .

</doc>
<doc id="19150723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150723" title="Angelica hendersonii">
Angelica hendersonii

Angelica hendersonii is a species of angelica known as Henderson's angelica. It is native to the west coast of the United States from Washington to central California, where it grows in the coastal sage scrub and other habitat on the immediate coastline. This is a taprooted perennial herb producing a branching erect stem to heights between about 1 and 2 meters. The basal leaves are made up of oval-shaped leaflets each up to 10 centimeters long, with toothed edges and white woolly undersides. The woolly inflorescences are compound umbels of up to 60 rays holding clusters of fuzzy flowers. The flowers yield fruits which are paired bodies nearly a centimeter long each containing a seed.

</doc>
<doc id="19150735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150735" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 20 kilometres walk">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 20 kilometres walk

The Men's 20 km Walk at the 1999 World Championships in Sevilla, Spain was held on Saturday 21 August 1999, with the start at 18:45h local time.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19150744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150744" title="Epistemic conservatism">
Epistemic conservatism

Epistemic conservatism is a view in epistemology about the structure of reasons or justification for belief. While there are various forms, epistemic conservatism is generally the view that a person's believing some claim is a reason in support of the claim, at least on the face of it. Others formulate epistemic conservatism as the view that one is, to some degree, justified in believing something simply because one believes it.

</doc>
<doc id="19150752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150752" title="United States v. Winstar Corp.">
United States v. Winstar Corp.

United States v. Winstar Corp., 518 U.S. 839 (1996), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court which held that the United States Government had breached its contractual obligations. Winstar rejected the Government's “unmistakability defense”—that surrenders of sovereign authority, such as the promise to refrain from regulatory changes, must appear in unmistakable terms in a contract in order to be enforceable.
"Winstar" arose as a consequence of the savings and loan crisis. Federal regulators extended generous tax incentives to financial institutions that took over failing thrifts—Congress later substantially changed these advantages and one of the successor banks successfully sued. The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit found a breach of contract and awarded damages—the Supreme Court upheld the lower court decision. "Winstar" cases are still in litigation with multi-million dollar pay outs to the plaintiffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19150792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150792" title="P29 Patrol Boat">
P29 Patrol Boat

Patrol boat "P29" was a Kondor I Class former Minesweeper and Patrol Boat that was scuttled as a dive site in 2007 off Ċirkewwa, Malta. It was built by Peenewerft shipyard to patrol the river banks between the East and West Germany and then was also used as a minesweeper for the East German Navy under the name "Boltenhagen".
It was purchased by Malta in 1992 along with its sister ships P30 (formerly "Ueckermuende") and P31 (formerly "Pasewalk"), and was used to secure the Maltese coast against smuggling and border control operations. It was sunk as an attraction for divers on 14 August 2007 to serve as a diving site. The P29 is 51 metres long and lies at a depth of around 35 metres but the entire dive may be done at 25 meters.
The highest point of the wreck is situated only 12 metres deep from the surface. Since this wreck was quite recently sunk compare to the MV Rozi and other wreck sites in Malta, it requires some more time to attract a good amount of marine life inside and around it.
Dennis O’Hare, an experienced Scottish diver, died while diving on this wreck in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19150842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150842" title="Dynamic treatment regime">
Dynamic treatment regime

In medical research, a dynamic treatment regime (DTR) or adaptive treatment strategy is a set of rules for choosing effective treatments for individual patients. The treatment choices made for a particular patient are based on that individual's characteristics and history, with the goal of optimizing his or her long-term clinical outcome. A dynamic treatment regime is analogous to a "policy" in the field of reinforcement learning, and analogous to a controller in control theory. While most work on dynamic treatment regimes has been done in the context of medicine, the same ideas apply to time-varying policies in other fields, such as education, marketing, and economics.
History.
Historically, medical research and the practice of medicine tended to rely on an acute care model for the treatment of all medical problems, including chronic illness. More recently, the medical field has begun to look at long term care plans to treat patients with a chronic illness. This shift in ideology, coupled with increased demand for evidence based medicine and individualized care, has led to the application of sequential decision making research to medical problems and the formulation of dynamic treatment regimes.
Example.
The figure below illustrates a hypothetical dynamic treatment regime for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). There are two decision points in this DTR. The initial treatment decision depends on the patient's baseline disease severity. The second treatment decision is a "responder/non-responder" decision: At some time after receiving the first treatment, the patient is assessed for response, i.e. whether or not the initial treatment has been effective. If so, that treatment is continued. If not, the patient receives a different treatment. In this example, for those who did not respond to initial medication, the second "treatment" is a package of treatments—it is the initial treatment "plus" behavior modification therapy. "Treatments" can be defined as whatever interventions are appropriate, whether they take the form of medications or other therapies.
Optimal Dynamic Treatment Regimes.
The decisions of a dynamic treatment regime are made in the service of producing favorable clinical outcomes in patients who follow it. To make this more precise, the following mathematical framework is used:
Mathematical Formulation.
For a series of decision time points, formula_1, define formula_2 to be the treatment ("action") chosen at time point formula_3, and define formula_4 to be all clinical observations made at time formula_3, immediately prior to treatment formula_2. A dynamic treatment regime, formula_7 consists of a set of rules, one for each time point formula_3, for choosing treatment formula_2 based clinical observations formula_4. Thus formula_11, is a function of the past and current observations, formula_12 and past treatments formula_13, which returns a choice of the current treatment, formula_14.
Also observed at each time point is a measure of success called a "reward" formula_15. The goal of a dynamic treatment regime is to make decisions that result in the largest possible expected sum of rewards, . A dynamic treatment regime, formula_16 is "optimal" if it satisfies
where formula_18 is an expectation over possible observations and rewards. The quantity formula_19 is often referred to as the "value" of formula_20.
In the example above, the possible first treatments for formula_21 are "Low-Dose B-mod" and "Low-Dose Medication". The possible second treatments for formula_22 are "Increase B-mod Dose", "Continue Treatment", and "Augment w/B-mod". The observations formula_23 and formula_24 are the labels on the arrows: The possible formula_25 are "Less Severe" and "More Severe", and the possible formula_26 are "Non-Response" and "Response". The rewards formula_27 are not shown; one reasonable possibility for reward would be to set formula_28 and set formula_29 to a measure of classroom performance after a fixed amount of time.
Delayed Effects.
To find an optimal dynamic treatment regime, it might seem reasonable to find the optimal treatment that maximizes the immediate reward at each time point and then patch these treatment steps together to create a dynamic treatment regime. However, this approach is shortsighted and can result in an inferior dynamic treatment regime, because it ignores the potential for the current treatment action to influence the reward obtained at more distant time points.
For example a treatment may be desirable as a first treatment even if it does not achieve a high immediate reward. For example, when treating some kinds of cancer, a particular medication may not result in the best immediate reward (best acute effect) among initial treatments. However, this medication may impose sufficiently low side effects so that some non-responders are able to become responders with further treatment. Similarly a treatment that is less effective acutely may lead to better overall rewards, if it encourages/enables non-responders to adhere more closely to subsequent treatments.
Estimating Optimal Dynamic Treatment Regimes.
Dynamic treatment regimes can be developed in the framework of evidence-based medicine, where clinical decision making is informed by data on how patients respond to different treatments. The data used to find optimal dynamic treatment regimes consist of the sequence of observations and treatments formula_30 for multiple patients formula_31 along with those patients' rewards formula_32. A central difficulty is that intermediate outcomes both depend on previous treatments and determine subsequent treatment. However, if treatment assignment is independent of potential outcomes conditional on past observations—i.e., treatment is sequentially unconfounded—a number of algorithms exist to estimate the causal effect of time-varying treatments or dynamic treatment regimes.
While this type of data can be obtained through careful observation, it is often preferable to collect data through experimentation if possible. The use of experimental data, where treatments have been randomly assigned, is preferred because it helps eliminate bias caused by unobserved confounding variables that influence both the choice of the treatment and the clinical outcome. This is especially important when dealing with sequential treatments, since these biases can compound over time. Given an experimental data set, an optimal dynamic treatment regime can be estimated from the data using a number of different algorithms. Inference can also be done to determine whether the estimated optimal dynamic treatment regime results in significant improvements in expected reward over an alternative dynamic treatment regime.
Experimental design.
Experimental designs of clinical trials that generate data for estimating optimal dynamic treatment regimes involve an initial randomization of patients to treatments, followed by re-randomizations at each subsequent time point to another treatment. The re-randomizations at each subsequent time point my depend on information collected after previous treatments, but prior to assigning the new treatment, such as how successful the previous treatment was. These types of trials were introduced and developed in , and and are often referred to as SMART trials (Sequential Multiple Assignment Randomized Trial). Some examples of SMART trials are the CATIE trial for treatment of Alzheimer's and the STAR*D trial for treatment of major depressive disorder (, ).
SMART trials attempt to mimic the decision-making that occurs in clinical practice, but still retain the advantages of experimentation over observation. They can be more involved than single-stage randomized trials; however, they produce the data trajectories necessary for estimating optimal policies that take delayed effects into account. Several suggestions have been made to attempt to reduce complexity and resources needed. One can combine data over same treatment sequences within different treatment regimes. One may also wish to split up a large trial into screening, refining, and confirmatory trials . One can also use fractional factorial designs rather than a full factorial design , or target primary analyses to simple regime comparisons .
Reward construction.
A critical part of finding the best dynamic treatment regime is the construction of a meaningful and comprehensive reward variable, formula_32. To construct a useful reward, the goals of the treatment need to be well defined and quantifiable. The goals of the treatment can include multiple aspects of a patient's health and welfare, such as degree of symptoms, severity of side effects, time until treatment response, quality of life and cost. However, quantifying the various aspects of a successful treatment with a single function can be difficult, and work on providing useful decision making support that analyzes multiple outcomes is ongoing . Ideally, the outcome variable should reflect how successful the treatment regime was in achieving the overall goals for each patient.
Variable selection and feature construction.
Analysis is often improved by the collection of any variables that might be related to the illness or the treatment. This is especially important when data is collected by observation, to avoid bias in the analysis due to unmeasured confounders. Subsequently more observation variables are collected than are actually needed to estimate optimal dynamic treatment regimes. Thus variable selection is often required as a preprocessing step on the data before algorithms used to find the best dynamic treatment regime are employed.
Algorithms and Inference.
Several algorithms exist for estimating optimal dynamic treatment regimes from data. Many of these algorithms were developed in the field of computer science to help robots and computers make optimal decisions in an interactive environment. These types of algorithms are often referred to as reinforcement learning methods . The most popular of these methods used to estimate dynamic treatment regimes is called q-learning . In q-learning models are fit sequentially to estimate the value of the treatment regime used to collect the data and then the models are optimized with respect to the treatmens to find the best dynamic treatment regime. Many variations of this algorithm exist including modeling only portions of the Value of the treatment regime (, ). Using model-based Bayesian methods, the optimal treatment regime can also be calculated directly from posterior predictive inferences on the effect of dynamic policies ().
An Approach based on random effects linear models.
An alternative approach to developing dynamic treatment regimes is based on random effects linear models, which is supported by solid Decision Theory concepts (this approach does not use machine learning concepts ) (Diaz et al. 2007, 2012 and 2012). There is empirical and theoretical evidence, supported by some empirical studies and recent developments in pharmacokinetic theory, showing that random-effects linear models can be used to describe not only patient populations but also individual patients simultaneously, and therefore that these models are suitable for designing dynamic treatment regimes. For instance, by this remarkable characteristics, random-effects linear models are promising and useful tools for investigating drug dosage individualization in chronic diseases and for designing effective treatments for individual patients based on each individual patient's characteristics and needs. 
The following is a theoretical framework for drug dosage individualization.
A useful model is the following random effects linear model:
formula_34 (1)
where α is characteristic constant that varies from patient to patient, formula_35 is steady-state drug plasma concentration in response to drug dosage D, X is vector of covariates (includes clinical, demographic, environmental or genetic covariates), and ϵ is an intra-individual random error. β are population constants. β is a vector of regression coefficients that are treated as constants, and α is a random intercept. So this model (1) is generally called random intercept linear model which can be used to design a clinical algorithm for finding the optimal drug dosage D for a particular patient. The decisions of an appropriate drug dosage D are made by maximizing the probability that the drug plasma concentration response formula_35 takes a value in the therapeutic window, that is, a value between two pre-specified values l1 and l2. There is empirical evidence supporting model (1) and some of its generalizations, at least for some drugs. This model still can be generalized to include covariates with random effects. The more general model is
formula_37 (2)
where ϵ is defined as same as in model (1), ψ and η are both characteristic constants of a particular patient that vary from patient to patient. Z is a vector with covariates.In order to produce a better personalized dosage, Diaz et al. proposed a clinical algorithm for drug dosage individualization based on this more general model (2) which is based on the concept of Bayesian feedback. The assumption of the algorithm is that the model (2) describes adequately a population of patients. The population parameter formula_38, β, d, formula_39and formula_40 must be estimated by using a sample of patients before applying the algorithm, so the estimated model can be built up as empirical prior information. Next, as described before, the dosage regime must be first adapted to the patient’s characteristics and comedication. This initial adaptation realizes a prior individualization. Diaz et al.’s clinical algorithm is not a computer algorithm but a series of steps to find an optimal dosage. In the first step of the algorithm, the clinician uses both estimators and the information from patient’s covariates to compute the initial dosage
formula_41
where formula_42 defined by Diaz et al.
This new dosage is administered to the patient for an appropariate time period, and once the steady-state response is reached, then the new response YD is measured. The step i, i≥2 is as follows: By using the dosage-response pairsformula_43, which were obtained in the previous j-1 steps,compute the ith dosage
formula_44
where formula_45 is an empirical Bayes predictor of α given by
formula_46
with formula_47
and formula_48,i≥1, is defined by Diaz et al. At this time, if model (2) holds, Diaz et al.'s algorithm is optimal in the sense that that the obtained dosages minimizes the a Bayes risk. Also, Diaz et al. introduced the concept of omega-optimum dosage which that is defined as a dosage D that satisfies
formula_49
where w is a number between 0 and 1. The concept of omega-optimum dosage allows determineing how many algorithm steps are necessary to obtain the optimal dosage for the patient, and allows developing a theory of drug dosage individualization.
Diaz et al. showed through simulations and theoretical arguments that their proposed approach to drug dosage individualization in chronic diseases may produce better pharmacokinetic or pharmacodynamic responses than traditional approaches used in therapeutic drug monitoring.
External links.
The Methodology Center, Adaptive Interventions, a research center at Penn State, free software for building dynamic treatment regimes, reading list, illustrative example

</doc>
<doc id="19150856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150856" title="Vacuum activity">
Vacuum activity

Vacuum activities (or vacuum behaviours) are innate, fixed action patterns of animal behaviour that are performed in the absence of the external stimuli (releaser) that normally elicit them. This type of abnormal behaviour shows that a key stimulus is not always needed to produce an activity. Vacuum activities can be difficult to identify because it is necessary to determine whether any stimulus triggered the behaviour.
Etymology.
From Latin vacuum ("an empty space, void") noun use of neuter of "vacuus" ("empty") related to "vacare" ("be empty").
History.
The term was first established by the ethologist Konrad Lorenz in the 1930s after observations of a hand-raised starling. In 1937 Lorenz wrote: ""With head and eyes the bird made a motion as though following a ﬂying insect with its gaze; its posture tautened; it took off, snapped, returned to its perch, and with its bill performed the sideways lashing, tossing motions with which many insectivorous birds slay their prey against whatever they happen to be sitting upon. Then the starling swallowed several times, whereupon its closely laid plumage loosened up somewhat, and there often ensued a quivering reﬂex, exactly as it does after real satiation.""
Examples.
Squirrels that have lived in metal cages without bedding all their lives do all the actions that a wild squirrel does when burying a nut. It scratches at the metal floor as if digging a hole, it acts as if it were taking a nut to the place where it scratched though there is no nut, then it pats the metal floor as if covering an imaginary buried nut.
Lorenz observed that a flycatcher bird snapped at the air when flying as if it were catching insects though there were no real insects there.
Weaver birds go through complicated nest building behaviour when there is no nest building material present.
Wild raccoons often investigate their food by rubbing it between their paws while holding the food underwater, giving the appearance of 'washing' the food (although the exact motivation for this behaviour is disputed). Captive raccoons sometimes perform these actions of 'washing' their food by rubbing it between their paws, even when there is no water available. This is most likely a vacuum activity based on foraging behaviour at shorelines.
One vacuum activity that has been studied is ‘tongue-rolling’ by calves. Calves raised for ‘white’ veal are generally fed a milk-like diet from birth until they are slaughtered at about four months of age. The calves are prevented from consuming roughage such as grass or hay partly because the iron contained in such plant-based food would cause their muscles to assume a normal reddish colour instead of the pale colour that purchasers of this product demand. The diet, however, is unnatural because calves would normally start to forage and ruminate from about two weeks of age. When limited to a milky diet, some calves will spend hours per day in what appears to be ‘vacuum grazing’. They extend the tongue out of the mouth and curl it to the side in what appears to be the action that cattle use to grasp a sward of grass and pull it into the mouth, but the calves do this simply in the air, without the tongue contacting any physical object.."
A similar vacuum activity to tongue rolling is 'vacuum chewing' by pigs. In this behaviour, pigs perform all the activities associated with chewing but with no substrate in their mouth. This abnormal behaviour can represent 52–80% of all stereotyped behaviours.
"Sham dustbathing" (sometimes referred to as "vacuum dustbathing") is a behaviour performed by some birds when kept in cages with little or no access to litter. During sham dustbathing, the birds perform all the elements of normal dust bathing, but in the complete "absence" of any substrate. This behaviour often has all the activities and temporal patterns of normal dustbathing, i.e. the bird initially scratches and bill-rakes at the ground, then erects her feathers and squats. Once lying down, the behaviour contains four main elements: vertical wing-shaking, head rubbing, bill-raking and scratching with one leg. However, hens "dustbathing" on wire floors commonly perform this close to the feed trough where they can peck and bill-rake in the food. Because it seems the birds appear to treat the feed as a dustbathing substrate, the term "sham dustbathing" is more appropriate.

</doc>
<doc id="19150865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150865" title="Chinese Taipei at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Chinese Taipei at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Chinese Taipei competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece.
Athletics.
Chiang Chih Chung took the gold medal in the men's F13 javelin throw with a world record-breaking throw of 59.38 metres.
Powerlifting.
In the women's −75 kg weight class, Lin Tzu-hui won the gold medal with a lift of 137.5 kg. Lin Ya-Hsuan competed in the women's −56 kg class and took seventh place with a lift of 77.5 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19150867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150867" title="Angelica kingii">
Angelica kingii

Angelica kingii is a species of angelica known as King's angelica. It is native to the western United States, especially the Great Basin region. This is a taprooted perennial herb varying in shape and size. It produces an erect, hollow stem to heights between 30 centimeters and two meters. The large leaves are composed of many lance-shaped leaflets each up to 12 centimeters in length. The inflorescence is a compound umbel with up to 14 long rays each holding clusters of small hairy flowers. The fruit is a pair of bodies about half a centimeter long each containing a seed.

</doc>
<doc id="19150871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150871" title="SS Black Osprey">
SS Black Osprey

SS "Black Osprey" was a cargo ship for the American Diamond Lines and the British Cairn Line. She was formerly known as SS "West Arrow" when she was launched for the during World War I. The ship was inspected by the United States Navy for possible use as USS "West Arrow" (ID-2585) but was neither taken into the Navy nor ever commissioned under that name.
"West Arrow" was built in 1918 for the , as a part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort. Information about her early career is largely absent, but by the 1920s, news reports revealed that the ship was sailing on the North Atlantic. By the mid-1920s, "West Arrow" was sailing for American Diamond on their cargo service to Rotterdam and Antwerp. In 1935, American Diamond changed the ship's name to "Black Osprey" and the ship continued in Rotterdam service.
After the outbreak of World War II, "Black Osprey", still under the registry of the still-neutral United States, was detained twice by British authorities, before the U.S.-established "Neutrality Zone" ended "Black Osprey"s Dutch service in late 1939. Sailing under charter to the Isthmian Line in 1940, "Black Osprey" called at various ports in the Pacific Ocean. American Diamond sold "Black Osprey" to the British Ministry of War Transport in late 1940. During the ship's first transatlantic crossing under the British flag, she was sunk by on 18 February 1941, with the loss of 25 men. The 11 survivors were picked up by a Norwegian ship and landed in at Barry.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Arrow", one of some 24 "West" ships built by Skinner & Eddy of Seattle, Washington. "West Arrow" (Skinner & Eddy No. 12) was laid down on 20 September 1917 under the name "Jas. G. Eddy", launched as "West Arrow" on 19 January 1918, and completed on 26 February 1918.
The ship was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. "West Arrow" had a steel hull and a deadweight tonnage of . The ship had a single steam turbine that drove her single screw propeller, and moved the ship at a pace.
–== Career ==
"West Arrow" was inspected by the 13th Naval District of the United States Navy after completion and was assigned the identification number of 2585. Had she been commissioned, she would have been known as USS "West Arrow" (ID-2585), but the Navy neither took over the ship nor commissioned her.
Little is known of "West Arrow"s early career, with almost no information regarding her World War I activities. During that war, many of the "West" ships carried grain products to the United Kingdom, France, and Italy, but it is not known whether "West Arrow" did so or not. One early mention of "West Arrow" in contemporary news accounts is found in "The Washington Post", which reported in February 1921 that the cargo ship had delivered 742 "milch cows" to Bremen as a gift from American farmers from Texas and Kansas. "The New York Times" reported in September 1923 that "West Arrow", heading from Liverpool to Boston, had been struck by the White Star Line ocean liner west of Queenstown, Ireland. "Haverford", headed from Philadelphia to Liverpool with passengers, struck the cargo ship on the port side, from the bow. A radio dispatch from "West Arrow" reported that she was proceeding under her own power and was not taking on any water. By March 1926, "West Arrow" was sailing for American Diamond Lines in New York – Rotterdam service on a U.S. government-subsidized mail route. In July 1932, the ship was moved to a new Baltimore – Antwerp route, but by December 1934 was again sailing to Rotterdam.
In 1935, American Diamond changed the name of "West Arrow" to "Black Osprey", which remained on the Rotterdam route into 1936. In March of that year, "The Wall Street Journal"—reporting on a large gold shipment from the United States to Holland—speculated that "Black Osprey" was the ship that had been selected to carry $345,000 of gold for export. On 24 March 1938, "Black Osprey" was sailing in a dense fog off St. Catherine's Point on the Isle of Wight when she struck the British cargo ship "Chagford", which sank within five minutes. Three of "Chagford's six-man crew were picked up by "Black Osprey", whose crew searched in vain for three hours for the other three men. After the fog lifted, the "Chagford" survivors were transferred to a fishing vessel that landed the crewmen, and "Black Osprey" resumed her Rotterdam – Philadelphia journey.
World War II.
After the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, "Black Osprey", still registered in the neutral-United States, was seized by British authorities on 6 September and detained at Weymouth. After carefully inspecting the ship for any contraband, the British released the ship after a week. However, on 31 October, the British again seized "Black Osprey", and had not yet released her by 8 November, when the U.S. State Department released a list of 40 American ships that had been detained by belligerents.
The United States established a "Neutrality Zone"—a zone where American-flagged ships could not enter—in late 1939. As a result, American Diamond was unable to continue its Dutch route, and chartered the eight vessels it employed in that service (which included "Black Osprey") to other U.S. companies. "Black Osprey" was one of several chartered to the Isthmian Line, and made voyages in the Pacific, calling at ports such as Singapore and Honolulu in 1940. After a typhoon with winds in excess of hit Wake Island in early October, "Black Osprey" was diverted through heavy seas to check on the welfare of the 35 men on the island, all found to be safe.
In November, American Diamond sought the permission of the , a successor to the , to sell "Black Osprey" and seven other ships to the British. The granted the permission, and "Black Osprey" was sold to the Ministry of War Transport for operation by the Cairn Line of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, for about $50 per deadweight ton, or around $440,000.
The deal was completed before "Black Osprey"s 10 December sailing from Philadelphia to Baltimore under the British flag. "Black Osprey" then sailed from Baltimore on 25 January 1941 for Halifax, where she arrived on 30 January. "Black Osprey", loaded with a cargo of steel, joined convoy HX 107 that sailed from that port for Liverpool on 3 February. After falling behind in the convoy, "Black Osprey" was torpedoed by "U-96" under the command of "Fregattenkapitän" Heinrich Lehmann-Willenbrock at 02:27 on 18 February south of Iceland, near position . The ship's master and 24 crewmen died in the attack. "Black Osprey"s 11 survivors were picked up by the Norwegian refrigerated cargo ship "Mosdale" and landed at Barry.

</doc>
<doc id="19150873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150873" title="FNX">
FNX

FNX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19150887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150887" title="FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship">
FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship

The FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship refers to the under-20 championship for basketball in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Asia zone. The event started in 1992. It was formerly the Asian Basketball Confederation 22 & Under Championship, before the age limit was lowered to the current 20 in 2002. It was also formerly known as the Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Young Men. The winners compete in the FIBA Under-21 World Championship. FIBA will no longer hold world championships for this age group. 

</doc>
<doc id="19150899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150899" title="Adas Israel Congregation (Washington, D.C.)">
Adas Israel Congregation (Washington, D.C.)

Adas Israel, located in the Cleveland Park neighborhood, is the largest Conservative synagogue in Washington, D.C. President Ulysses S. Grant attended the dedication of its first building in 1876—the first time a sitting United States President had attended a synagogue service. The original structure is the oldest surviving synagogue building in Washington, D.C., and today the Lillian & Albert Small Jewish Museum.
History.
Founding.
In 1869, about 30 Jewish immigrant families resigned from Washington Hebrew Congregation, the only Jewish congregation then in Washington, D.C., to form a more traditional, or Orthodox, alternative: Adas Israel (Congregation of Israel). These men and women sought a worship service more akin to the one they remembered from Europe, objecting to that congregation's move toward Reform Judaism. For several years, they met in rented rooms and struggled to raise funds to build their own synagogue.
Affiliation.
For the Jewish community, Adas Israel was a center of traditional worship. Its constitution affirmed the Orthodox religious practices to which members were committed and forbade religious reforms from ever being made. Prayers were read in Hebrew, with the exception of the prayer for the government, which could be recited in English after being read in Hebrew. A minyan (prayer service attended by at least ten men) took place daily.
As time went on, however, services began to change from the original forms. For example, English was introduced into the services, at first to translate prayers. In the late 1920s, Adas Israel affiliated with the Conservative movement, and has remained a Conservative congregation since. Initially, Adas Israel followed Orthodox tradition with separate seating for men and women, but discontinued the practice in 1951.
Today, Adas Israel “aspires to perpetuate Judaism, to enrich the lives of our members to celebrate Conservative Judaism at its creative best, and to bring Jews closer to God.” Adas Israel is a congregation focused on social consciousness and Jewish activism, sponsoring many community service projects. The congregation also provides many different means of being involved with Judaism. On Shabbat, as many as seven different services are held. These include traditional services, havurah, an egalitarian minyan, potlucks for young professionals, and the Ruach Minyan.
Role in the City.
Adas Israel has played an important role in the nation’s capital from its founding.
President Ulysses S. Grant and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate (and acting Vice President), Thomas White Ferry, attended the three-hour Orthodox dedication service on June 9, 1876. This was the first time a sitting U.S. president had attended a synagogue service.
Local newspapers frequently reported on synagogue services and other communal events. Bar mitzvahs, weddings, the High Holidays, Purim plays, and Passover celebrations all occasioned public notice.
When President William McKinley was shot and killed by an assassin in Buffalo in 1901, the congregation convened a special service in his memory.
In 1963 Adas Israel was the first synagogue to be addressed by civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
President Lyndon Johnson attended a Thanksgiving Day service following the assassination of his predecessor, John F. Kennedy, in 1963. This interfaith service included a sermon by Rabbi Stanley Rabinowitz. That night, Johnson paraphrased Rabinowitz’s words in a nationally-televised address, speaking of how blessings can come from evil situations.
Following Yitzhak Rabin’s assassination in 1995, Vice President Al Gore and members of the Cabinet and Supreme Court attended a memorial service at Adas Israel.
Other notable speakers at Adas Israel have included Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford, Vice President Hubert Humphrey, Israeli Prime Ministers Golda Meir and Yitzhak Rabin, and Senator Robert F. Kennedy.
Buildings.
First Building (1876-1908).
After years of planning and fundraising, the congregation completed and dedicated its first synagogue building just in time for the nation’s Centennial celebration—providing a strong and symbolic presence for Jewish immigrants on that historic occasion. The synagogue stood at the corner of 6th and G Streets, NW, in the heart of the city’s residential and commercial center, where many of the congregants lived and worked.
An influx of immigrants from Eastern Europe and Russia swelled the congregation’s numbers. The congregation continued to worship in the original synagogue until 1908, when a new building at Sixth and I Streets, NW, was dedicated. The original building was sold to Stephen Gatti, an Italian fruit dealer and real estate investor who lived a block away. In the 1910s, Saint Sophia’s Greek Orthodox Church worshipped in the second-floor sanctuary. A succession of churches followed in the 1920s to 1940s.
During the course of the next 60 years, the former synagogue’s first floor was divided into retail spaces and housed a bicycle shop, barber, Joseph Funger’s grocery store, Anthony Litteri’s delicatessen, and other businesses.
In the 1960s, plans for the construction of Metro headquarters threatened the building with demolition. With the support of federal and city agencies, the Jewish Historical Society of Greater Washington saved the building and moved it three city blocks to its current location at Third and G Streets, NW. On September 1, 1969, President Richard Nixon signed a law authorizing the District to purchase the building and lease it to the Society for historic preservation purposes—at $1 a year for 99 years.
The historic synagogue building has been restored by the Jewish Historical Society of Greater Washington and is now home to the Lillian & Albert Small Jewish Museum. Washington’s oldest surviving synagogue building, it’s listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the D.C. Inventory of Historic Sites, and the Historic American Buildings Survey. It is among the oldest synagogue buildings still standing in the United States. It is also an official project of the Save America’s Treasures program.
Today the Jewish Historical Society of Greater Washington hosts building tours, walking tours, lectures, student field trips, weddings, and bar and bat mitzvahs in the historic sanctuary.
Second Building (1908-1951).
After outgrowing its original building at Sixth and G Streets, NW, the congregation constructed a new structure at Sixth and I Streets, NW.
The cornerstone was laid in 1906. Architect Louis Levi of Baltimore designed the building in the Moorish style that was popular for synagogue architecture at the time. The building was dedicated on January 5, 1908. While at Sixth and I, the congregation grew vastly. Consequently, in 1943 the congregation voted unanimously to purchase land for a new building on Connecticut Avenue, NW, outside the city’s center core.
When the congregation moved to its current location at Connecticut Avenue and Porter Street, NW, in 1951, the Sixth and I building was sold to the Turner Memorial African Methodist Episcopal Church, which occupied it until 2002. When Turner offered the building for sale after it relocated to Hyattsville, Maryland, Laura Cohen Apelbaum, current director of the Jewish Historical Society of Greater Washington, appealed to the Jewish community to save the building. Three real estate developers, Shelton Zuckerman, Abe Pollin, and Douglas Jemal, placed a winning bid of $5 million on the property.
Today, the former Adas Israel building is known as the Sixth and I Historic Synagogue and serves as a hub of religious and cultural Jewish life for young professionals in Washington. The space also hosts many popular book talks and concerts by locally and nationally recognized authors and performers each year.
Current Building (1951-present).
In the 1930s and 1940s, Adas Israel’s members began to move uptown. The congregation initially intended to purchase land at Connecticut Avenue and Ellicott Street, NW. When that site was deemed too small, a larger triangular site at Connecticut and Porter Street, NW, was found and determined to be suitable.
The congregation, led by longtime President Joseph Wilner, built a large new facility at Connecticut Avenue and Quebec Street, NW, in the Cleveland Park neighborhood, in 1951. Architects Frank Grad and Sons designed the building in a style favored by many synagogues built after the Second World War: clean lines, large scale, and bright interiors. The cornerstone for the new building was laid in 1950; the building was dedicated later that year.
The new Adas Israel, which cost nearly $1.3 million, included a 300-seat chapel, two social auditoriums, 14 classrooms and a 1,500-seat sanctuary with a balcony, a hidden choir loft, an organ, an Ark framed in black onyx and marble, and five heavy bronze doors which opened onto a lobby decorated in red marble that led to a large, open plaza overlooking the intersection. A large engraved menorah—chosen as a symbol of Judaism after much debate within the congregation—graces the façade facing the plaza.
Morris Gewirz, for whom the one of the building’s auditoriums was named (the other was named for his site commission co-chair Abraham Kay), declared, “This great edifice stands like a mighty colossus of spiritual strength.”
The school wing and auditoriums were added in 1958. Adas Israel further renovated and expanded the building in 1988. It rededicated the building in 1990, with a speech by former Israeli Ambassador Abba Eban.
Current plans call for a renovation of the sacred spaces from 2012-2013.
People.
Notable Clergy and Staff.
For the congregation’s first several years, paid hazzanim (cantors) and volunteers from within the congregation met worship needs. This practice was in keeping with the Jewish tradition of forming congregations and often conducting worship without religious functionaries.
The first cantor, Joseph A. Cohen, served briefly in 1872-73. Adas Israel’s second cantor, Jacob Voorsanger, attended the Jewish Theological Seminary in Amsterdam before immigrating to the United States in 1873. Voorsanger, who served from 1876 to 1877, left Adas Israel after only one year. He later gained fame as the rabbi of San Francisco’s leading Reform congregation, Temple Emanu-El.
During the early years, the congregation asked clergy to fill multiple duties, including as teachers and even as shochets (ritual butcher). One shochet aroused criticism for teaching classes in his bloody clothing!
In 1898, Adas Israel hired Morris Mandel, who had been in the third graduating class of the Jewish Theological Seminary, as its first rabbi. He became Adas Israel’s first clergyman trained in the United States. Many members objected to his hiring, and generally to having a rabbi, as shown in this excerpt from the congregation minutes of August 23, 1898: “Mr. Lewis wished to know what functions Mr. Mandel was to perform, whether Rabbi or Teacher? The President answered that he was Rabbi and teacher both. Mr. M. Roginsky and Mr. Isaac Levy . . . objected to having a rabbi.”
Rabbi Julius Loeb served the congregation from 1901 to 1906. Ordained in 1889 at the Yeshiva in Brisk (Brest-Litovsk), Russia, he immigrated to the United States in 1890. In response to the changing congregation, which had many members newly arrived from Eastern Europe who did not speak English, he delivered sermons in Yiddish.
The first three decades of the 20th century saw a multitude of rabbis, some remaining with the congregation for under a year. Adas Israel hired clergy for one-year terms until the 1940s. Lithuanian-born Solomon Metz took over as rabbi in 1930 and remained until 1951—becoming Adas Israel’s first long-term rabbi.
Louis Novick served as cantor from 1923 to 1946. Jacob Barkin served Adas Israel as cantor from 1946 to 1958. He performed in many concerts, secular and religious, appearing with the National Symphony Orchestra many times. While at Adas Israel, Barkin received an offer to join the Metropolitan Opera, but he turned it down so he could continue being a cantor.
In 1951, Baltimore-born Rabbi David Panitz replaced Metz. He departed in 1959, serving Temple Emanuel in Paterson, New Jersey, until 1988.
In 1960, Rabbi Stanley Rabinowitz was hired from Minneapolis. Rabinowitz would remain the senior rabbi for 26 years, and served as president of the Rabbinical Assembly (a national organization of Conservative Jewish rabbis).
Cantor Arnold Saltzman (now a rabbi) served the congregation for 24 years, beginning in the early 1980s.
Rabbi Jeffrey Wohlberg succeeded Rabinowitz following his retirement in 1986. Like Rabinowitz, Wohlberg served as president of the Rabbinical Assembly. Under his leadership, the congregation created the Garden of the Righteous program to honor righteous Gentiles who rescued Jews during the Holocaust.
Today Gil Steinlauf serves as Senior Rabbi, a position he has held since 2008.
Adas Israel is the only synagogue that has ever had three national presidents of the North American Association of Synagogue Executives (NAASE): Abe Shefferman, Sandy Cohen, and Glenn Easton.
Congregants.
Most of Adas Israel’s founders came from various German and Central European states. A minority—around a fourth—came from Poland or other parts of the Russian Empire. Most listed their occupations as merchants and lived above or near their shops. Many families had more than four children. Most members of the congregation had lived in the nation’s capital for more than ten years by the time the synagogue was dedicated.
Roughly 35 families began the congregation. Some of their descendants attend Adas Israel today.
During the late 1800s and early 1900s, many Eastern European Jews arrived in Washington and joined Adas Israel. Meanwhile, Yiddish replaced German and English as the language recorded in the congregation’s board minutes. So many new congregants joined that Adas Israel outgrew its first building and relocated in 1908.
Arthur Welsh, the United States’s first Jewish aviator and an employee of the Wright brothers, was married at Adas Israel in 1907. He died in a crash while testing a plane for the Wright brothers in College Park, Maryland, on June 11, 1912. Welsh is buried in Adas Israel’s cemetery in Southeast Washington.
In 1912, the congregation listed 186 members (families) on its rolls. By 1934 the congregation’s membership rolls had grown to 354, and expanded further two years later to around 400, then 480 in 1938, 512 in 1939, 530 in 1940, 607 in 1944, and 777 in 1948. This rapid growth reflected the influx of Jews into Washington to work for the federal government during the New Deal, World War II, and beyond.
A 1940 membership survey found that 85 percent of the congregants lived above U Street, NW, and west of 16th Street, NW. This finding resulted in the congregation moving to its current building in Cleveland Park.
From the time Congressman Sol Bloom joined in 1926, Adas Israel has had its share of prominent congregants. Many members of Congress, Cabinet officials, and federal employees have been members of Adas Israel. Israeli Ambassador Yitzhak Rabin and his wife Leah worshiped at Adas Israel during his tenure as ambassador to the United States. So have many of their successors.
A membership survey in 1965 revealed that Adas Israel had 1,132 families with 478 children enrolled in its school. Many of the Washington area’s prominent Jews were among the synagogue’s members. That remains true today, as does Adas Israel’s status as the capital city’s largest Conservative congregation. Today Adas Israel has 1,450 households as members, with 350 children enrolled in the religious school and 200 in the nursery school.
Affinity Groups & Institutions.
Cemetery.
Adas Israel established a cemetery at 1400 Alabama Avenue, SE, in 1869, the year of the congregation’s founding. Among the notable burials in the cemetery are Arthur Welsh, the country’s first Jewish aviator; Stephen Theodore Norman, the grandson of Theodor Herzl; and the noted neoconservative commentator Irving Kristol.
Religious School.
By 1872, before the synagogue was built, the young Adas Israel Congregation held religious classes for boys and girls for two hours in the afternoon, several times a week. Members typically paid $1.00 a month for each child’s tuition.
During the early years, the congregation had difficulty maintaining a school. By 1925, though, 227 students were enrolled in the school. That number grew to 320 by 1939. Because of space concerns, the school had to meet outside the synagogue, including at the Jewish Community Center on 16th Street, NW. The entire school first met in one place when Adas Israel built its Cleveland Park synagogue in 1951. The congregation held its first Bat Mitzvah in 1962. In 1973 the Congregation began the short-lived Tel Shalom summer camp in West Virginia for fourth to tenth graders.
Adas Israel today also runs Gan HaYeled, a nursery school for children younger than five years old. The Melvin Gelman Religious School teaches students in grades K-12, with Ma'alot DC allowing teenagers to continue studying following their bar and bat mitzvahs.
Sisterhood.
The Adas Israel Ladies’ Auxiliary organized officially in 1898 and elected Julia Oppenheimer, wife of congregation president Simon Oppenheimer, as its first president. Newspaper articles provide accounts of Sisterhood activities—from lectures and music performances to strawberry fairs and picnics that raised money for the congregation.
Today the organization is known as the Sisterhood. Members of the Sisterhood have long played a major role in the National Women’s League.
Brotherhood/Men’s Club.
Adas Israel’s Brotherhood first formed in 1941, with Irvin Goldstein serving as its first president. It later took the name Men’s Club, which it holds today. Three Adas Israel members, Max Goldberg, Jacob Lish, and Mark Berlin, have served as national Men’s Club presidents.
Other groups.
Adas Israel held its first Havurah (self-led) service in 1972, the first at any Conservative Jewish congregation. It also held its first self-led study group that year. Since then, Adas Israel has had a wide variety of lay-led groups, including the egalitarian minyan, Ruach Minyan, and groups for young professionals and senior citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19150922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150922" title="Rebujas Rock">
Rebujas Rock

The Rebujas Rock is a Rock Music Festival which is held every September in the village of San Mateo, Cantabria Spain. 
History.
What began in 1997 as a small festival where local rock groups and groups of traditional music performed and no more than 600 people attended in the first year, is today a reference to national festivals that attracts more than 9,000 people while maintaining the identity of the beginnings and with it the free admission and free camping. There is no profit motive, and it is organised by the S.C.D. Rebujas. 
Since 2002 the" 'REBUJAS ROCK is held in memory of Gabriel Gutierrez Laguillo.
This year 2009 as the big news will come to light a tribute song to the Festival ;" Que No Amanezca", which have worked in the major rock groups throughout the state. Besides being an indelible anthem serves as an important tool to defend and claim the status of San Mateo as the People to avoid extinction. It is the first musical work that is published throughout the long history of people and leaving fruit to the work of the SCD Rebujas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19150926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150926" title="Designing a Nervous Breakdown">
Designing a Nervous Breakdown

Designing a Nervous Breakdown is the first full-length album released by the Lawrence, Kansas emo band The Anniversary. The album was recorded in 1999 and released on January 25, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19150934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150934" title="Millicent Huxtable">
Millicent Huxtable

Millicent "Millie" McFadden ("née" Huxtable) is a fictional character on the CW television series "One Tree Hill", portrayed by Lisa Goldstein. Originally from New York City, Millie was introduced as the personal assistant to Brooke Davis, founder of Clothes Over Bro's. When Brooke moved back to Tree Hill, she followed her and helped run the Tree Hill store.
Eventually, Millie would fall for Marvin McFadden, better known as "Mouth," and the two would moved in together. For a time, the couple lived in Omaha but returned to Tree Hill soon after quickly. Through several tribulations and a breakup, Mouth and Millie would overcome their differences and marry sometime during the time jump in the series finale.
Character development.
Background.
Millicent Huxtable met Rachel Gatina before while they were both employed by Clothes Over Bro's. Working as Brooke's assistant, Rachel, who was a high school friend of Brooke's, modeled for the company. Rachel once made her guard a bathroom door while she was inside with two guys.
Storylines.
Season 5.
Millicent was first introduced as Brooke's assistant at Clothes Over Bro's. She goes to Tree Hill with Brooke when she decides to return home and open a store in Tree Hill. She finds it hard to work with Victoria, Brooke's mother, as Victoria dislikes Millicent and is often made fun of. When Victoria is about to ship all the inventory back to New York because the store opening does not cash in as much as first thought, Millicent pays for a couture piece, however Brooke does not cash the cheque as it will bounce, so instead frames it. Millicent starts a relationship with Mouth.
Season 6.
Millie is still going strong with Mouth in the beginning of Season 6, but because extremely jealous with the fact that Mouth's new intern is his ex girlfriend Gigi Silveri,who is now a wild party girl. Millie then finds a picture of Gigi on Mouth's phone, causing her to sleep with Owen Morello (who has an alcoholic relapse). 
It took some time for Mouth to recover from heartbreak, but they eventually got back together when Skills and Mouth visited New York, with some help from Brooke, who texted Skills Millie's new address. Millie returns to Tree Hill and moves back in with Mouth.
In Between.
After finding happiness with Mouth, Millie continued to work for Clothes Over Bro's and gradually rose up the ranks, eventually even surpassing Victoria Davis. Despite running the New York office, Brooke kept Millie mainly in Tree Hill so she could be with Mouth, and their relationship grew stronger.
Season 7.
Millie found herself leading the New York branch of Clothes Over Bro's, and as much as she would like to have believed she had become a clear minded businesswoman, the old Millie often shone through and her fear of Victoria remained in spite of her superiority to her. She left New York in Victoria's hands to leave again for Tree Hill and help Brooke with the launch of her new line. Arriving back in Tree Hill, Millie was forced to juggle her now strenuous career and the "naked embargo" between Skills and Mouth. Brooke also hired Millie to be a model alongside Alex Dupre, which changed her whole life. Millie became a wild party girl addicted to cocaine, and she was arrested and charged with DUI. She left Tree Hill to get sober, but when she returned, she became jealous of Mouth, who had become close to Lauren, Jamie's teacher and Skills' ex-girlfriend.
Season 8.
Millie is now one of the heads at Clothes Over Bro's with Victoria. Victoria loses the company for Brooke, and Brooke gets frustrated with Millie because Millie could have done something about it. Mouth and Millie also mend their broken love life, and are now together again. Millie got a job offer as a field reporter with help from Mouth. After they filmed a story about the River Court, they started a morning TV show, named "Mouth and Millie in the Morning".
Season 9.
Millie and Mouth's TV show is very popular. Mouth gains a lot of weight, and Millie is worried about him. In the middle of one of their morning shows, she blares out "You're fat Marvin", causing a small fight between them. Mouth later realises that he needs to stop eating.
As Mouth begins to lose weight, Millie realizes he should be reporting on sports, because it was his first love. At first, she tries to work with Kylie to replace Mouth, but she comes down with stage fright, and Mouth and Millie decide to give the spot to Skills. In the series finale, Mouth begins a sports segment on the morning show. And in the time jump, Mouth and Millie are married and are expecting a baby.

</doc>
<doc id="19150949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150949" title="Technical Communities">
Technical Communities

Technical Communities, is a privately funded company, headquartered in San Bruno, California. Technical Communities manages contracts, sales, marketing and procurement for technical organizations that sell to U.S. government agencies, military organizations, and prime federal contractors. Technical Communities has over 100 technology partners and serves over 1,200 government and prime contractor buying organizations. Technical communities has office locations in San Bruno, CA and in Herndon, VA, in the Washington DC area. 
Technical Communities currently ranks number 76 on the Top 250 GSA Vendors list reporting highest sales on the General Services Administration federal supply schedules in fiscal 2007. They have been providing internet-based solutions to government, military, contractor, education and commercial organizations that have significant technology needs.
Service Solutions.
Technical Communities's service solutions include:
Online Marketplaces.
Technical Communities online marketplaces allow buyers to search more than 75,000 qualified technology products from top manufacturers. Products in the field of Test & Measurement, Network/Information Technology, Laboratory Equipment, Security Equipment, Medical instruments etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="19150981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150981" title="2009 Buffalo Bandits season">
2009 Buffalo Bandits season

The Buffalo Bandits are a lacrosse team based in Buffalo, New York playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the franchise's 18th season. It was also their first season in title defense since 1997.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=25955&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Bandits selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19150987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150987" title="Hong (rainbow-dragon)">
Hong (rainbow-dragon)

Hong or jiang () is a two-headed dragon in Chinese mythology, comparable with rainbow serpent legends in diverse cultures and mythologies.
Chinese "rainbow" names.
Chinese has three "rainbow" words, regular "hong" 虹, literary "didong" 蝃蝀, and "ni" 蜺 "secondary rainbow".
Note that all these Chinese characters share a graphic element of "hui" "insect; worm; reptile; etc." (cf. tripled "chong" ), known in Chinese as Kangxi radical number 142 and loosely translated in English as the "insect radical". In traditional Chinese character classification, "radical-phonetic" or "phono-semantic" characters are statistically the most common category, and they combine a "radical" or determinative that suggests semantic field with a "phonetic" element that roughly indicates pronunciation. Words written with this 虫 radical typically name not only insects, but also reptiles, and other miscellaneous creatures, including some dragons such as "shen" "aquatic dragon" and "jiao" "flood dragon". Linguistic anthropologists studying folk taxonomy discovered many languages have zoological categories similar to "hui" 虫, and Brown (1979) coined the portmanteau word "wug" (from "worm" + "bug") meaning the class of "insects, worms, spiders, and smaller reptiles". Following Carr (1990:87), "wug" is used as the English translation of the Chinese logographic radical 虫.
Hong.
The regular script Chinese character for "hong" or "jiang" "rainbow" combines the "wug radical" with a "gong" "work" phonetic. Both Qin dynasty seal script and Zhou dynasty bronze script elaborated this same radical-phonetic combination. However, the oldest characters for "rainbow" in Shang dynasty oracle bone script were pictographs of an arched dragon or serpent with open-mouthed heads at both ends. Wolfram Eberhard (1968:246) notes, "In early reliefs, the rainbow is shown as a snake or a dragon with two heads. In West China they give it the head of a donkey, and it rates as a lucky symbol."
The (121 CE) "Shuowen Jiezi" dictionary, the first Chinese character dictionary, described the seal character for "hong" 虹 "rainbow" as 狀似蟲 "shaped like a wug". Over 18 centuries later, Hopkins described the recently discovered oracle character for 虹.
What should we see in this simple but striking image? We should, I now feel sure, discern a Rainbow terminating in two animal heads. But of what animal? Certainly of the Dragon, must be the answer. For the design of the character is, in the main, naturalistic, in so far as it is clearly modeled on the semi-circular Bow in the sky, but symbolistic through the addition of two heads, for where the Rainbow ends, there the Dragon begins! (1931:604-5) 
Hopkins elucidated. 
It is the belief of the Chinese that the appearance of the Rainbow is at once the herald and the cause of the cessation of rain and the return of clear skies. … Now, if by his own volition, when mounting to the upper air, the Dragon could beget the rolling thunder and the drenching rain-storm, how should he not be able also, in descending, the cause the rain to cease, and the face of the blue sky to clear? And that is why I conjecture and suggest that the early Chinese must have seen in the Rainbow one avatar of the wonder-working Dragon as conceived by their animistic mentality. That would likewise explain why to the arching bow seen with their bodily eyes they added the Dragon heads beheld only by the eye of faith. (1931:606) 
"Jiang" is an uncommon pronunciation of 虹, limited to colloquial or dialectal usage, and unlike "hong" not normally found in compounds. For instance, "caihong" (with "color") "rainbow", "hongcai" "rainbow colors; iridescence; the iris; banners", "hongqiao" 虹橋 (with "bridge") "arch bridge", and "hongxi" 虹吸 (with "absorb; suck up") "siphon".
Didong.
"Didong" 蝃蝀 or 螮蝀 is a Classical Chinese word for "rainbow", now usually restricted to literary or historical usage. These three characters combine the "wug radical" with phonetics of "zhuo" 叕 "connect" or "dai" 帶 "girdle; sash" in "di" 蝃 or 螮 and "dong" 東 "east" in "dong" 蝀.
Ni.
"Ni" or means "secondary rainbow" or "supernumerary rainbow", which results from double reflection of sunlight, with colors inverted from a primary rainbow (see Alexander's band). These characters combine a phonetic of "er" "child" with either the "wug radical" 虫 or the "rain radical" . "Ni" 蜺 can also mean "hanchan" 寒蟬 "winter cicada", which is a "silent, mute" metaphor.
While "hongni" 虹霓 means "primary and secondary rainbows; rainbows", "nihong" 霓虹 is a loanword from English neon in expressions like "nihongdeng" 霓虹燈 "neon light", compare the chemical loanword "nai" "neon; Ne". "Fuhong" 副虹 (with "second; subsidiary") means "secondary rainbow" in Chinese meteorological terminology.
Early textual references.
Chinese classic texts dating from the Spring and Autumn Period (8th-5th centuries BCE) and Warring States period (5th-3rd centuries BCE) referred to "hong", "didong", and "ni" rainbows.
The "Shijing" has the oldest known textual usages of "hong" and "didong", and both are bad omens. One poem (256, tr. Waley 1937:302) uses 虹, which is interpreted as a loan character for "hong" (with the "speech radical" 言) "disorder; conflict; quarrel": "That kid with horns was truly a portent of disaster, my son!" Another poem (51, tr. Waley 1937:42) begins with "didong" 蝃蝀: "There is a girdle in the east; No one dares point at it. A girl has run away, Far from father and mother, far from brothers young and old." Arthur Waley explains translating "zhuo" 蝃 "spider" as a loan for "di" 螮 "girdle". 
The girdle is the rainbow. Its appearance announces that someone who ought not to is about to have a baby; for the arc of the rainbow typifies the swelling girdle of a pregnant woman. No one dares point at it, because pointing is disrespectful, and one must respect a warning sent by Heaven." (1937:43) 
"Although many ancient cultures believed rainbows were good omens," Carr (1990:101) explains, "the Chinese saw them as meteorological disasters. Unlike the auspicious ["long"] 龍 dragon symbolizing forthcoming rain, the two-headed ["hong"] 虹 was inauspicious because it appeared after a rain shower." The "Huainanzi" (3, Schindler 1923:322) says both rainbows and comets were warnings from "tian" "heaven; god". Several classic texts (e.g., Liu Xiang's "Shuoyuan" and "Xinxu") use the phrase "baihong guan ri" 白虹貫日 "bright rainbow threads the sun". For example, it is a portent of assassination in the "Zhanguoce" (297, tr. Crump 1979:454) "a white halo pierced the sun." One notable exception is the "Mengzi" (tr. Legge 1895:171) using "yunni" 雲霓 "cloud and rainbow" to describe the legendary Tang of Shang: "the people looked to him, as we look in a time of great drought to the clouds and rainbows."
The oldest Chinese dictionary, the ca. 3rd century BCE "Erya" says "didong" 螮蝀 was called "yu" "rain sacrifice", defines it as "hong" 虹 "rainbow", and says "ni" 蜺 "secondary rainbow" was called "qie'er" 挈貳 "lift/carry two." The commentary of Guo Pu notes rainbows were called "yu" in Jiangdong (present day Jiangsu and Zhejiang), and gives additional names of "meiren" 美人 "beautiful woman" and "xiyi" 析翳 "split cover/screen".
The "Chuci" has more rainbow occurrences (8 虹,10 霓, and 5 蜺) than any other early text. It graphically interchanges "ni" 蜺 and "ni" 霓 except the latter is exclusively used in "yunni" 雲霓 "clouds and rainbows" (both with the "cloud radical"). Many rainbows occur in "Chuci" descriptions of shamanic "flights" through the skies, frequently in contexts with other dragons, for instance (Hawkes 1985:290): "To hang at my girdle the coiling Green Dragon, To wear at my belt the sinuous [虹] rainbow serpent ... A great [霓] rainbow flag Iike an awning above me, And pennants dyed in the hues of the sunset." This mythical Green or Azure Dragon ruling the eastern sky and the Vermilion Bird ruling the southern sky reoccur (8, tr. Hawkes 1985:217) with "baini" 白霓 "Bright rainbows darting swiftly in the traces".
The "Yueling" 月令 "Monthly Ordinances" section of the "Liji" (tr. Legge 1885:1:263, 297) claims "hong" 虹 rainbows only appear during half the year. In the last month of spring, "Moles are transformed into quails. Rainbows begin to appear." In the first month of winter, "Pheasants enter the great water and become ["shen"] large mollusks. Rainbows are hidden and do not appear." Along with the rainbow, the "shen" 蜃 is considered to be a dragon.
Yin and Yang cosmology dichotomized between primary "hong" 虹 "Yang/male rainbow" and secondary "ni" 霓 "Yin/female rainbow". Marcel Granet (1919:272-7) analyzed ancient Chinese beliefs about rainbows, which were believed to emanate from interchanges between earthly Yin "qi" and heavenly Yang "qi" (see "Shiming" below). Rainbows thus symbolized a sexual union of Yin-Yang ("Shijing" 51 above) and a competition between male and female river gods or dragons. Eberhard explains the Chinese symbolism. 
The rainbow is seen as a resplendent symbol of the union of "yang" and "yin"; it serves therefore as an emblem of a marriage. You should never point your finger at a rainbow. But the rainbow can have another meaning, in that it may appear when either husband or wife is more handsome and attractive than the other, and therefore enters upon an adulterous relationship. The rainbow is then an emblem of fornication or sexual abuse, and forebodes ill. (1968:245-6) 
Like rainbows, dragons were explained in Yin-Yang theory. Rain-dragons supposedly had Yin powers since they controlled water. Edward H. Schafer says.
In China, dragon essence is woman essence. The connection is through the mysterious powers of fertilizing rain, and its extensions in running streams, lakes, and marshes. In common belief as in literature, the dark, wet side of nature showed itself alternately in women and in dragons. The great water deities of Chinese antiquity were therefore snake queens and dragon ladies: they were avatars of dragons precisely because they were equally spirits of the meres and mists and nimbus clouds. (1973:36) 
Etymologies.
The ca. 200 CE "Shiming" dictionary (1, "Shitian" 釋天 "Explaining Heaven"), which defines words through phono-semantic glosses, gave the oldest Chinese "etymologies" for rainbows.
Using "etymology" in the usual Western sense of historical linguistics, Joseph Edkins (1871:117-8) first proposed Chinese "hong" 虹 "rainbow" was "doubtless a variant" of "gung" "bow" and compared it with "Siamese" "lung" "rainbow".
Carr (1990:105) compares Proto-Sino-Tibetan and Proto-Austro-Tai etymological proposals for "hong" and "didong". Peter A. Boodberg (1935, 1979:167) thought *"g'ung" < *"glung" 虹 "rainbow (dragon)" and *"lyung-t'lia" 龍魑 "dragon" descended from a Proto-Sino-Tibetan *"s-brong" "wug" root. Paul K. Benedict first (1967:291) thought *"lyung" 龍 and *"g'ung" 虹 were early Chinese borrowings from Proto-Austro-Tai *"ruŋ" "dragon; rainbow"; but later (1986:58) saw *"g'ung" < *"g'or *"k[lung" 虹 "rainbow" and *"tiadtung" < *"tiad-蝃蝀 "rainbow" (with a *"tung" 東 "east" phonetic signifying "red part of the sky") as semantically related with *"g'ung" < *"g[lung" "red".
For "hong" 虹 "rainbow", Schuessler (2007:278) reconstructs Old Chinese *"gôŋ" < *"gloŋ" and compares "very irregular" dialect forms such as Proto-Min "ghioŋB" and Gan Shanggao dialect "lɑnB-luŋH". He lists etymological proposals of "hong" 虹 from Proto-Miao–Yao *"kluŋA" (Haudricourt 1950:559) or Chinese "long" 龍 "dragon" and "hong" 紅 "red" (Benedict, Carr). For "jiang" 虹 "rainbow", Schuessler reconstructs *"krôŋh" and notes the survival in Gan Wuning dialect "kɔŋC1". He concludes the "wide range of forms" including "didong" 蝃蝀 < *"tê(t)s-tôŋ" < *"tê(t)s-tlôŋ" suggests a non-Sino-Tibetan "source for this etymon", possibly include Kam–Tai and Zhuang words like "tu2-tuŋ2" or Proto-Tai *"Druŋ" (cf. Thai "ruŋC2" "rainbow".
Mythological parallels.
""Hong" < *"g'ung" 虹 'rainbow' has always represented a dragon to the Chinese," says Carr (1990:103), "from Shang oracle pictographs of dicephalous sky-serpents to the modern 虹 graph with the 'wug' radical." The mythic Chinese "hong" "rainbow" dragon has a few parallels in the natural world (two-headed snake, Rainbow Snake Farancia erytrogramma, and Rainbow Boa Epicrates cenchria) and many in comparative mythology (see rainbows in mythology and snakes in mythology).
Loewenstein (1961) compares rainbow-serpent legends throughout Southeast Asia, the Pacific, Australia, Africa, and South America; and concludes:
Myths of a giant rainbow-serpent are common among primitive tribes inhabiting the tropics. Outside the tropical belt the rainbow-serpent concept is hardly to be found. This points to the fact that the myth must be intimately connected with the occurrence and geographic distribution of a particular family of snakes, the Boidae, which includes the largest specimens in existence, namely the Pythons and the Boas. (1961:37) 
The well-known Rainbow Serpent is central to creation myths of the Indigenous Australians (translated as Chinese "hongshe" and Japanese "nijihebi" 虹蛇 "rainbow snake"). Some other examples include:
Lastly, another Chinese rainbow myth involves the creator Nüwa 女媧 repairing a crack in the sky caused by the water deity Gong Gong 共工 (cf. 虹). She supposedly created the first rainbow by melting stones of 5 or 7 different colors to patch the sky. Nüwa and her brother-consort Fuxi are represented as having the upper body of a human and the tail of a dragon or serpent. They are associated with "yin" and "yang", like secondary and primary rainbows.

</doc>
<doc id="19150991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150991" title="Little Ellingham">
Little Ellingham

Little Ellingham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk. The village is north west of Attleborough, north west of its sister village of Great Ellingham, west south west of Norwich and north east of London. The nearest railway station is at Attleborough for the Breckland Line which runs between Cambridge and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport. 
Little Ellingham is served by St.Peters church in the Benefice of Great Ellingham.
History.
Little Ellingham has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Little Ellingham is recorded by the names “Ailincham”, “Elincgham” and “Ellingham. The main landholder is the King but in the custody of William de Warenne and Godric. The survey also mentions 12 cattle and 34 goats.

</doc>
<doc id="19150999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19150999" title="Eureka (soundtrack)">
Eureka (soundtrack)

Eureka: Original Soundtrack From the Sci-Fi Channel Television Series is a soundtrack album released on August 26, 2008, containing incidental music composed primarily by Bear McCreary and used in the second season of the Syfy original series, "Eureka".
The album consists of 28 tracks, and includes two variations of the Mark Mothersbaugh and John Enroth composed main theme, as well as two songs -- "Let's Get Hitched" and "EurekAerobics"—written by Brendan McCreary and Captain Ahab, respectively.
The album was released through the La La Land Records website, and is available primarily through them.

</doc>
<doc id="19151000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151000" title="Giuseppe Felice Tosi">
Giuseppe Felice Tosi

Giuseppe Felice Tosi (28 February 1619 – before 14 December 1693) was an Italian composer and organist, and the father of Pier Francesco Tosi, also a successful composer. 
Tosi was born and died at Bologna. He started out as a singer and only started composing in his late fifties. He was among the paid musicians in San Petronio, Bologna, from 1636 to 1641, which possibly means that he received his musical education there. He was a founding member of the Bolognese Accademia Filarmonica in 1666 and was elected its conductor in 1679. His first musical work was the opera "Il Celindo" which, although composed in 1674, premiered in 1677. He composed a "Dixit Dominus" for the annual celebration of the academy in San Giovanni in Monte on 4 July 1675. From 1680 to 1683 he was "maestro di cappella" of the Accademia della Morte, Ferrara, and in 1682–1683 of Ferrara Cathedral as well. In 1686 he served temporarily as "maestro di cappella" of San Giovanni in Monte, Bologna. From 7 July 1692 until early December 1693 he was second organist at San Petronio. In addition to several operas, Tosi composed sacred music in the typical late 17th-century Bolognese style.

</doc>
<doc id="19151034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151034" title="Bestiae">
Bestiae

Bestiae is a defunct taxon that contained pigs, armadillos, hedgehogs, moles, shrews, and opossums.

</doc>
<doc id="19151038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151038" title="Gwarek Zabrze">
Gwarek Zabrze

Szkolny Klub Sportowy Gwarek Zabrze is a Polish football club based in Zabrze. The club are three-time youth champions of Poland, in 2002, 2003 and 2006. The club was established on June 12, 1974. Besides the youth development teams, the club has had a senior team play in the 2007/2008 season of the District League (Liga Okręgowa) division.

</doc>
<doc id="19151041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151041" title="Digital Quran">
Digital Quran

The Digital Quran is the electronic version of the Qur'an, introduced as early as 1993. There is a strict code of conduct for handling the written Qur'an, which limits its accessibility, especially in situations such as traveling or everyday reading on the move. The invention of the Digital Qu'ran addressed these limitations, in particular due to the on-screen text feature. While some limitations still apply, the portability of the device meant that people could read and listen to the Qur'an in places and situations where it had previously been impossible to do so.
Early Digital Qur'an devices were capable of audio playback of recorded recitations of the Qur'an with synchronized on-screen Arabic text; it allowed basic navigation of the Qur'an with the ability for the user to select a specific surah (chapter) and ayah (verse). Translations of the Qur'an to other languages are also included, sometimes synchronized with the original Arabic recitations. These products were mass-produced in China at an affordable price; however this was achieved at the sacrifice of expenditure on research and development. As such the subsequent models were more variation than innovation. Color screens were introduced soon after the same feature was added to mobile phones, and new products support MP3/MP4 format. Most modern mobile phones are also capable of functioning as a digital Qur'an.
Citations.
you can easily read it online at www.quraniclanguage.com
[http://quraniclanguage.com/]

</doc>
<doc id="19151058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151058" title="Love on the Line (song)">
Love on the Line (song)

"Love on the Line" is a song by ten piece hip-hop group Blazin' Squad, released as the second single from their debut studio album, "In the Beginning".
Background.
"Love on the Line" was one of the first songs recorded for the group's debut album. It was written by Christian Ballard, Andrew Murray, and Russ Ballard, and produced by Danish production duo Cutfather & Joe. The main version of the song features samples from the hit single "Freak Me" by Another Level. The song was released as the album's second single on November 11, 2002. It was not as successful as the group's debut single "Crossroads", however, still managed to peak at #6 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
The music video for "Love on the Line" premiered in September 2002. The video lasts for a total length of three minutes and fifty-two seconds. The video follows a very similar format to the video for the preceding single "Crossroads". The video depicts the band performing the song in and around a London council estate, and on an abandoned industrial estate. It also depicts scenes of a girl who members of the band are attempting to chat up.
Personnel.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19151071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151071" title="Casal do Abade">
Casal do Abade

Casal do Abade is a small village located near the border between Tábua and Oliveira do Hospital, Portugal. Casal do Abade has around 100 inhabitants. The main place of interest is "Fonte Velha" ("Old Fountain"), built by Romans.

</doc>
<doc id="19151087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151087" title="Eagles &amp; Angels (Prison Break)">
Eagles &amp; Angels (Prison Break)

"Eagles & Angels" is the 61st episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and was broadcast on September 15, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network.
Plot.
Michael Scofield and Sara Tancredi are outside the warehouse talking about their pasts, when Fernando Sucre interrupts them. A sticker beside the license plate of one of the cars is revealed to be that of the Turkish flag. Following this lead, the team targets an official in the Los Angeles Turkish consulate. Michael, Lincoln Burrows and Alexander Mahone scope out the next (second) card holder. However, the card holder turns out to be the target's female companion. She is seen in a private meeting with the Pad Man and is instructed to carry out a Company business when contacted.
Meanwhile, Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell is starting his first day at GATE under the name of "Cole Pfeiffer". On his way to work, he runs into Michael and Lincoln. T-Bag manages to hide Whistler's "bird book". Michael and Lincoln begin to interrogate T-Bag but are forced to flee after being spotted by police. T-Bag proceeds to GATE to be introduced to his new co-workers and his new office. There he finds a name and a number of "Mr. Xing" found on a pinkslip. 
Michael and his team find out about Eagles & Angels, a meeting the card holder is to attend. Mahone explains that the ceremony is attended half of the Los Angeles police force to honor fallen police officers. Nevertheless, Michael, Lincoln, and Sucre manage to infiltrate a storage room and steal police uniforms. 
Wyatt, following the information acquired from Bruce Bennett, arrives in Los Angeles to continue his hunt for Sara Tancredi. He sidetracks briefly to silence a former Company employee trying to leak information to Donald Self. Returning after the murder, Wyatt continues to interrogate Gretchen for information regarding Scylla and Michael, but she does not break.
Michael, Lincoln, and Mahone attend the Eagles & Angels ceremony disguised as police officers, and Sucre and Bellick wait in the getaway vehicle. Michael makes his way to the card holder's table and successfully hides the downloading device. The ceremony begins, and during a moment of silence, the lost ones of the characters flash before their eyes. Unfortunately, it is at this time that the bodyguard from earlier again recognizes Lincoln and proceeds to follow him. Lincoln realizes this and leaves, only to be held at gun point outside. He is then saved by Brad Bellick, who stabs the bodyguard with a screwdriver, killing him. The Pad Man calls and instructs the card holder to leave immediately. Michael and Mahone improvise and send the card holder's bodyguard off to identify the fallen bodyguard. Michael's nose bleeds again, but he stays beside the card holder until the download is finished.
During the ceremony, Sara, upon discovering Bennett's murder (disguised as a suicide), struggles to cope with grief and a sense of guilt. She rushes off to a bar and orders a drink, returning to an old habit. A man drinking near Sara snatches Bennett's credit card from Sara's bag without her knowing. When the man uses the card, Wyatt is alerted by the Company. Sara leaves without touching her drink just as Wyatt enters the bar asking for her. Although the barkeeper denied seeing Sara, Wyatt still manages to track down Sara on her way back to the warehouse and is seen following her.
Reception.
IGN gave the episode 6.7/10, saying that there were multiple good moments but the "horribly bad dialogue and stupid character decisions" ensured the episode could not rise above mediocrity.

</doc>
<doc id="19151096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151096" title="Begiu River">
Begiu River

The Begiu River is a tributary of the Valea Dosului River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19151106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151106" title="Hiroyuki Yamaga">
Hiroyuki Yamaga


</doc>
<doc id="19151114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151114" title="Chinese Taipei at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Chinese Taipei at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Chinese Taipei competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. The country took a gold medal won by Chiang Chih Chung in the men's F13 javelin throw event. Chih threw a distance of 57.28 metres to win the competition and broke the world record in the process. The Chinese Taipei team also won two silvers and two bronze medals in table tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="19151126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151126" title="Zarkhu">
Zarkhu

Zarkhu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19151155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151155" title="Léo Veloso">
Léo Veloso

Leonardo "Léo" Henrique Veloso, (born May 29, 1987 in Pedro Leopoldo) is a Brazilian professional football player, who last time played for FC Chornomorets Odesa.
Career.
During his youth, Veloso played for Atlético Mineiro in Belo Horizonte. His prosperous background gave him quite a wealthy youth. After playing a few years in the Atlético Mineiro reserve squad, he moved to the Netherlands with his wife Bruna Cypriano Veloso in January 2008. He signed a two and a half year contract with Willem II Tilburg. For the first half a year, he did not play for the senior squad because he had adaptation problems. He made his professional debut on August 30, 2008 in the home match against Ajax (2-1 win).
In February 2010, he signed with Romanian side CFR Cluj. In January 2012, joined Ukrainian side Chornomorets.

</doc>
<doc id="19151162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151162" title="Musarrat Nazir">
Musarrat Nazir

Musarrat Nazir is a singer and actress who sang and acted in many Urdu and Punjabi films. She also sang solo, mostly wedding and folk songs. She was born to a middle-class family on October 13, 1940. Her parents were of Punjabi origin from Lahore. Her father, Khwaja Nazeer Ahmed, worked for the municipal corporation as a registered contractor at the time of her birth.
Personal life.
Musarrat married psychiatrist, Dr. Arshad Majeed and both of them settled in Canada in the mid 1960s.
Despite their meager resources, Musarrat’s parents wanted her to be a doctor. They provided her the best possible education they could afford. Musarrat passed the matriculation examination with distinction. Two years later, she passed the intermediate examination from Kinnaird College in Lahore.
Musarrat lives with her husband in Toronto, Canada. She has three children, Zeelaf, Azed and Omar Majeed all of whom are married and all have children of their own named Amir, Ismail, Rahim, and Sufjan. Musarrat has an outgoing personality and enjoys a good laugh. Even after she retired from cinema, years ago, she continued to sing for Pakistan television (PTV) until recently. Musarrat also loves to cook she mostly cooks curries, dai bela, and pasta and meatballs.
Career.
She had keen interest in music and began singing for radio Pakistan. However, insufficient money from the radio took her to the film director, Anwar Kamal Pasha. She explained to Pasha about her strong desire to sing for the movies. Instead, Pasha suggested her to become an actress. Musarrat needed her parent’s approval. Pasha himself met Musarrat’s father and convinced him to allow his daughter to work in movie industry as a singer and actress.
Pasha changed Musarrat’s name to "Chandni" and signed her for a side role in his movie. Hence, Chandni made her debut with Nayyar Sultana in Pasha’s film ‘Qatil’ in 1955. Her role was secondary but forceful.
Sheikh Lateef of capital films Lahore planned to make a Punjabi film. Lateef’s friend, poet and script writer, Baba Aalam sia poash, advised him to cast Chandni (Musarrat) in the film. Sheikh Lateef agreed. This was the debut of Musarrat in Punjabi films, with a nickname Chandni, and then Chandni appeared in the hit Punjabi film, "Patan", with her real name, Musarrat Nazeer.
She played the lead role opposite Santosh Kumar also. The producer was Sheikh Lateef and the film was directed by Luqman.
The film "Patan" opened the doors for Musarrat in the Punjabi film industry, which led her to the all time hit film "Paatay Khan". She was the supporting actress. The film was Produced by Shami and Musarrat Nazeer acted along with Noor Jehan and Aslam Pervez.
Filmography.
Musarrat also gave performances in Pakistan cinema’s greatest melodramas like the films "Maahi munda" and "Yakkay wali". It is said that, the films "Yaar beli", ‘Kartaar Singh’ and "Zeher-e-ishq" were so interesting and emotional that they left audience with tears in their eyes.
Following is the list of Musarrat's films:
"Naukri", "Aankh ka nashah", "Baap ka gunah", "Qismat", "Naya zamana", "Jatti", "Watan", "Raza", "Sola aanay", "Street number 77", "Gudda guddi", "Lukkan meti", "Seestaan", "Sahara", "Rukhsana", "Thandi sarak", "Palkan", "Sehti", "Sunehray sapnay", "Mirza Sahebaan", "Jaaedaad", "Jhoomar", "Gulbadan", "Ishq per zoar nahin", "Chotay sarkaar", "Mungoal", "Muft bur", "Gulfaam", "Bahadur", "Baaghi", "Jaan-e-bahar".
The song "Us bay wafa ka sheher hai" in the mega-hit film "Shaheed", is considered to be the most popular song even today.
Popular songs.
One of Musarrat's greatest achievements is the songs listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="19151171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151171" title="Solanas">
Solanas

Solanas is a small village administrated by Sinnai, in the province of Cagliari.
Position.
Solanas is located in the south coast of Sardinia at ~36 km east from Cagliari, and at ~16 km west from Villasimius. <br>
It is administrated by Sinnai (which is 34 km away) and its territory is unique as it is not joined to Sinnai. Solanas is surrounded by the territory of Maracalagonis and Villasimius.
Tourism.
Solanas comprises a small town with main facilities (pharmacy, supermarket, butcher, church, news shop, pizzerias, restaurants, hotels) which usually operate only from June to September, and a wonderful sandy beach which is ~1 km long. In the summer several bars are located in the beach, together with water-sport equipment (windsurf, water-skies, canoe, boat etc.) hiring facilities.
Mari Pintau (9 km), Geremeas and Kala 'e Moru (8 km), Genn'e Mari (4 km), Cann'e Sisa (4 km) are the closest beaches nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19151173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151173" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 20 kilometres walk">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 20 kilometres walk

The official results of the Women's 20 km Walk at the 1999 World Championships in Sevilla, Spain, held on Friday 27 August 1999, starting at 18:50h local time.

</doc>
<doc id="19151199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151199" title="Winter rest">
Winter rest

Winter rest (from the German term "Winterruhe") is a state of reduced activity of plants and warm-blooded animals living in extratropical regions of the world during the more hostile environmental conditions of winter. In this state, they save energy during cold weather while they have limited access to food sources.
Plants.
Deciduous trees lose their foliage in the winter. Tree growth rings are a result of winter rest, as there is rapid growth in the warmer spring, then slower growth later in the year.
Perennial and biennial herbaceous plants lose their frost-sensitive, above-ground parts before the winter, and regrow in the spring. Herbaceous plants that are annual, producing seeds before the winter, can also be considered to have winter rest in some form, because their seeds may stay inactive over the winter before germinating. Annual plants which have seeds that germinate before winter also have winter rest.Winter cereals, for example, which are sown in the fall and germinate before the frost, become dormant during the winter and actually require a few weeks of cold before they are able to flower.
Animals.
Winter rest in an animal is different from true hibernation, since the metabolism is not reduced drastically. The body temperature is not significantly lowered, however the heart rate is reduced. This means that animals like the raccoon can quickly become active again if temperatures rise or the snow melts. Other animals that winter rest are badgers and brown bears.

</doc>
<doc id="19151214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151214" title="Stage hypnosis">
Stage hypnosis

Stage hypnosis is hypnosis performed in front of an audience for the purposes of entertainment, usually in a theatre or club. Expert opinion is divided over whether participants' responses are best explained as being due to an altered state of consciousness ("hypnotic trance") or by a combination of deliberate deception and ordinary social psychological factors such as disorientation, compliance, peer pressure, and ordinary suggestion.
A modern stage hypnosis performance regularly delivers a comedic performance rather than a demonstration to impress an audience with powers of persuasion - effects of amnesia, mood altering and hallucination are demonstrated in a normal performance. Stage hypnosis performances often encourage audience members to look further into the benefits of mind powers.
History.
Stage hypnosis evolved out of much older shows conducted by Mesmerists and other performers in the 18th and 19th centuries. Scottish surgeon James Braid developed his technique of hypnotism after witnessing a stage performance by a Swiss Mesmerist called Charles Lafontaine in 1841. Braid recounts similar performances by "electro-biologists" in his day, e.g., the following pamphlet for an "electro-biology" performance by a Mr. Stone which begins by clearly emphasising that a "waking state", as opposed to hypnotic or Mesmeric somnambulism, was being employed.
Persons in a perfectly wakeful state, of well-known character and standing in society, who come forward voluntarily from among the audience, will be experimented upon. They will be deprived of the power of speech, hearing, sight. Their voluntary motions will be completely controlled, so that, they can neither rise up nor sit down, except at the will of the operator; their memory will be taken away, so that they will forget their own name and that of their most intimate friends; they will be made to stammer, and to feel pain in any part of their body at the option of the operator – a walking stick will be made to appear a snake, the taste of water will be changed to vinegar, honey, coffee, milk, brandy, wormwood, lemonade, etc., etc., etc. These extraordinary experiments are really and truly performed without the aid of trick, collusion, or deception, in the slightest possible degree.
These are identical to many of the demonstrations which became central to subsequent "stage hypnosis", in fact it seems that little changes except the name and the introduction of the hypnotic induction, etc. Likewise, the novelist Mark Twain similarly recounts a Mesmeric performance which clearly resembles 20th century stage hypnosis, in his autobiography.
The absence of any reference to "hypnotism" in these early performances, indeed before the term was coined, and the fact that they often lacked anything resembling a modern hypnotic induction is consistent with the skeptical view, that stage hypnosis is primarily the result of ordinary suggestion rather than hypnotic trance. Indeed, early performers often claimed that they were influencing their subjects by means of telepathy and other supernatural powers.
Others, however, were delivering performances that displayed the wide range of hypnotic manifestations to their audiences. In the United States, for example, in the 1890s, there was a small group of highly skilled stage hypnotists, all whom were managed by Thomas F. Adkin, who toured country-wide, playing to packed houses. Adkin's group included Sylvain A. Lee,
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert L. Flint, and Professor Xenophon LaMotte Sage.
20th century.
Throughout the 20th century, despite adopting the term "hypnotism", stage hypnotists continued to explain their performances to audiences by reference to supernatural powers and animal magnetism. Ormond McGill, e.g., in his Encyclopedia of the subject wrote in 1996 that:
Some have called this powerful transmission of thought from one person to another “thought projection”. The mental energy used appears to be of two types: magnetic energy […] generated within the body and telepathic energy generated within the mind. […] The two work together as a unit in applying Power Hypnosis. The operation of the two energies in combination is what Mesmer referred to as “animal magnetism”.
However, this is not what Braid meant by "hypnotism", a term coined in opposition to theories of Mesmerism, to stress the fact that the results were due to ordinary psychological and physiological processes, such as suggestion and focused attention, rather than telepathy or animal magnetism. Indeed, after meeting with Mr. Stone, experimenting with his own subjects, and presenting his findings on such performances to the Royal Institution, Braid concludes,
There is, therefore, both positive and negative proof in favour of my mental and suggestive theory, and in opposition to the magnetic, occult, or electric theories of the Mesmerists and electro-biologists. My theory, moreover, has this additional recommendation, that it is level to our comprehension, and adequate to account for all which is demonstrably true, without offering any violence to reason and common sense, or being at variance with generally admitted physiological and psychological principles.
However, modern stage performers often continue to misuse the word "hypnosis" in describing their shows and encourage misconceptions about hypnotism by confusing it with Mesmerism for dramatic effect.
Skepticism.
Mesmeric and other stage performances changed their names to "stage hypnotist" in the 19th century. They had originally claimed to produce the same effects by means of telepathy and animal magnetism, and only later began to explain their shows in terms of hypnotic trance and suggestion. Hence, many of the precursors of stage hypnosis did not employ hypnotic induction techniques. Moreover, several modern stage performers have themselves published criticisms which suggest that stage hypnosis is largely the result of sleight of hand, ordinary suggestion, and social compliance, etc., rather than hypnotic trance. Most notably, the well-known American magician and performer, Kreskin, has frequently carried out typical stage hypnosis demonstrations without using any hypnotic induction. After working as a stage hypnotist and magician for nearly two decades, Kreskin became a skeptic and a whistleblower from within the stage hypnosis field.
For nineteen years I had believed in [...] the sleeplike "hypnotic trance," practicing it constantly. Though I had nagging doubts at times, I wanted to believe in it. There was an overpowering mystique about putting someone to sleep, something that set me and all other "hypnotists" apart. We were marvellous Svengalis or Dr. Mesmers, engaged in a supernatural practice of sorts. Then it all collapsed. For me anyway.
After experimenting with his own subjects for several years until he was satisfied he could perform "stage hypnosis" without any hypnotic induction or trance, he concluded, "The battle of semantics may be waged for years, but I firmly believe that what is termed 'hypnosis' is, again, a completely normal, not abnormal, response to simple suggestion." An outspoken skeptic regarding stage hypnosis, Kreskin not only actively debunked stage hypnotists' claims, but went so far as to offer a substantial monetary reward, $25,000, to anyone who could prove the existence of hypnotic trance. The reward has been unsuccessfully challenged three times. While debunking the "sleep-trance" concept, Kreskin, like other skeptics adopting the nonstate position, was keen to emphasise that he felt the value of hypnotic suggestion had been frequently underestimated.
Role of deception.
Due to stage hypnotists' showmanship, many people believe that hypnosis is a form of mind control. However, the effects of stage hypnosis are probably due to a combination of relatively ordinary social psychological factors such as peer pressure, social compliance, participant selection, ordinary suggestibility, and some amount of physical manipulation, stagecraft, and trickery. The desire to be the center of attention, having an excuse to violate their own inner fear suppressors and the pressure to please are thought to convince subjects to "play along". Books written by stage hypnotists sometimes explicitly describe the use of deception in their acts, for example, Ormond McGill's "New Encyclopedia of Stage Hypnosis" describes an entire "fake hypnosis" act which depends upon the use of private whispers throughout:
hypnotist whispers off-microphone: “We are going to have some good laughs on the audience and fool them… so when I tell you to do some funny things, do exactly as I secretly tell you. Okay? Swell.” (Then deliberately wink at the spectator in a friendly fashion.)
According to experts such as Theodore X. Barber and André Muller Weitzenhoffer, stage hypnosis traditionally employs three fundamental strategies:
The strategies of deception employed in traditional stage hypnosis can be categorised as follows:
Weitzenhoffer writes:
Having not only had a chance to watch famous stage hypnotists of the 1940s and 50s such as Slater and Polgar at work but having also had a chance to have fairly extensive personal contact with other stage hypnotists, I believe I can throw some light upon the situation. To begin with, one should be aware that many stage hypnotists use stooges or plants.
Role of hypnotist and subject.
Hypnotist.
Due to the stage hypnotist's showmanship and their perpetuating the illusion of possessing mysterious abilities, the appearance of a trance state is often seen as caused by the hypnotist's power. The real power of stage hypnosis comes from the trust the "hypnotist" can instill in his subjects. Subjects have to cooperate and be willing to follow instructions and the hypnotist will employ several tests to choose the best subjects. Some people are very trusting, or even looking for an excuse to abdicate their responsibilities and are apparently able to be 'hypnotized' within seconds, while others take more time to counter their fears.
Suggestion is very powerful and a good hypnotist will know how to deliver suggestions that can create better entertainment for the audience. In his book "Deeper and Deeper" by Jonathan Chase, he talks about delivering suggestion, more importantly, The Super Suggestion a phrase he coined in his first published book in 1999 
"From this moment everything I say to you. Every single thing I say, no matter how silly or stupid it seems will instantly become your reality. Everything I say will instantly become your reality."
He emphasises the use of repetition but warns that when they have accepted the suggestion then everything that the hypnotist says to them after this point will become an irresistible suggestion.
Subjects.
In a stage hypnosis situation the "hypnotist" chooses his participants carefully. First he gives the entire audience a few exercises to perform and plants ideas in their minds, such as:
These suggestions are designed to overcome the natural fear of trusting a stranger with the greater fear of becoming an object of ridicule as one who is unintelligent, unsociable, and joyless. Out of the crowd the hypnotist will spot people who appear trusting, extraverted and willing to put on a show. The hypnotist starts them off by having them imagine ordinary situations that they have likely encountered, like being cold or hot, hungry or thirsty then gradually builds to giving them a suggestion that is totally out of character, such as sing like Elvis or cluck like a chicken.
The desire to be the center of attention, having an excuse to violate their own inner fear suppressors and the pressure to please, plus the expectation of the audience wanting them to provide some entertainment is usually enough to persuade an extrovert to do almost anything. In other words the participants are persuaded to 'play along'.
Law.
In some countries, there are laws and guidelines regarding stage hypnosis.
In the UK, the Hypnotism Act 1952 governs the use of hypnosis in public. The original Act was amended in 1976 and again following another young woman’s death after she had been hypnotized on stage. If stage hypnosis is performed at a public venue a license must be acquired from the local authority and the local authority is advised to monitor the performance to ensure that all guidelines are followed. It is illegal to hold any form of stage hypnosis in a public house or theatre (amongst other venues) unless the local authority has issued a license for this.
In the past, stage hypnosis has been banned in several countries in the world including Denmark and some states in the USA. Today, the only country to enforce a law against hypnosis is Israel, where it is illegal to perform any kind of hypnosis without a license given to doctors, dentists and psychologists.

</doc>
<doc id="19151240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151240" title="The Next Hit">
The Next Hit

The Next Hit is a 2008 mystery-suspense thriller written by David Garvin and directed by Antwan Smith. It had a limited release on August 28, 2008 and given an R rating by the Motion Picture Association of America for language and violence. The movie runs 98 minutes in length, and was filmed in Miami, Florida.
Plot.
"The Next Hit" is a mystery suspense thriller about a record company that takes an unorthodox approach to boosting sales; which is to put out a 'hit' on their marquee talent's life with hopes of creating a multi-platinum recording legend.
After a long slump of declining record sales, Super Starr Records' luck ironically takes an upturn when their marquee rap artist is murdered during some major music industry feuds. Record sales hit the roof but the death seems to be a mystery to everyone. Though the killers have done a great job covering up their tracks, a loose end emerges as the dead rapper's label mate, Rodson Gray is suspected of knowing information that can expose the culprits. When several attempts are made on Rod's life his popularity increases resulting in more sales for Super Starr Records. While the fame makes it hard to hide, Rod and his girlfriend Ana are forced on a wild run for their lives. The plot thickens when Rodson discovers that Ana and Super Starr Records were actually in on the ploy from the start.
Cast.
Rod Ball plays the role of the ER Doctor, Craig Bonaventura as the Hit Man, Vanessa Cruz as Dawn, Fredro Starr as Rodson Gray, Lark Voorhies as Ana Smith, Simeon Anderson as Nas-tee, and Flo Rida, Rick Ross, and Della Savoury playing themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="19151241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151241" title="Biryusa River">
Biryusa River

Biryusa (, in its lower reaches also called the Ona) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. The Biryusa is 1,012 km long, with a drainage basin of 55,800 km². 
The river has its sources in the far southwestern areas of Irkutsk Oblast, at 2,500 meter altitude, on the northern slopes of the Sayan Mountains. From the source area the river flows north over the Central Siberian Plateau. It is crossed by the Trans-Siberian railway at Biryusinsk, which is a few kilometers west of Tayshet where the Baikal Amur Mainline starts. The Biryusa then turns northwest, and finally flows together with the Chuna River and forms the Taseyeva River (a tributary to the Angara).
In Russian folklore it has several songs, for example, "Biryusinka" (in Russian).

</doc>
<doc id="19151244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151244" title="It Came From Canada Archive">
It Came From Canada Archive

The It Came From Canada Archive was an online archive of rare, long-lost, and relatively unknown Canadian music, created by Beau Levitt and Kevin McGowan in 2007. 
An independent project, without any corporate or government funding, itcamefromcanada was created as a place for recording artists (or their families) and fans to find their old LP records online, listed with some biographical information, if any is available. 
The site featured many artists that may never have had any exposure outside of their own communities, or even outside of their own homes. Levitt and McGowan find these LPs on their travels across Canada, and document them as best they can, and offer MP3 samples so fans can hear their favourite old songs. 
The site was supported by many of the artists it has documented, and many provide additional biographical information to expand the articles.
The name of the It Came From Canada Archive was inspired by, but has no relation to, Og Music's "It Came from Canada" compilations.

</doc>
<doc id="19151249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151249" title="Your Majesty (album)">
Your Majesty (album)

Your Majesty is the second full-length album released by emo band The Anniversary. The album was recorded in June 2001 and released on January 22, 2002. The album sold rather well, reaching #17 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and #15 on the Indie chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19151284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151284" title="RCN Nuestra Tele">
RCN Nuestra Tele

RCN Nuestra Tele (previously know as TV Colombia) is a general entertainment channel owned by Colombian television network RCN. It is a Spanish-language cable channel aimed to Colombian and Latin American viewers around the world. It broadcasts television programs produced by RCN TV, most of them previously aired in this network in Colombia, and a few other shows from other companies. It is broadcast in Australia and New Zealand via UBI World TV. DirecTV added the channel on April 28, 2010. 
Until 2008, RCN Nuestra Tele also broadcast some programs from Citytv Bogotá.
Schedule.
Despite its coverage, which includes Oceania, RCN Nuestra Tele keeps a single feed, airing news bulletins, soccer games, several events and shows live. Therefore, prime time in Australia and New Zealand is filled with breakfast television including the RCN morning news show "Muy buenos días". 

</doc>
<doc id="19151285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151285" title="Byron Mullens">
Byron Mullens

Byron Mullens (born February 14, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Philadelphia 76ers of the NBA. He also holds British nationality due to his English mother. He was drafted 24th overall by the Dallas Mavericks and immediately traded to the Thunder in the 2009 NBA Draft.
High school.
Mullens played competitively at Canal Winchester High School and was ranked as one of the top college recruits in the nation from the class of 2008. He was ranked #1 in the nation by Rivals.com and #3 by Scout.com.
Mullens was offered and accepted a scholarship to Ohio State by the Buckeyes' head basketball coach, Thad Matta, in 2004, which was the summer between Mullens' 8th and 9th grade year.
In his senior year of high school, he averaged 26 points and 15 rebounds, including 29 points and 18 rebounds in his final high school game.
He was a member of the 2008 McDonald's All-American Team and he was a part of the 2008 Jordan Brand Classic at Madison Square Garden, where he had 12 points.
College.
In November 2007, Mullens signed a letter of intent to play basketball at Ohio State University. Mullens averaged 8.8 points a game at a 64.2 shooting percentage during his freshman year with Ohio State. Mullens was named to the Big Ten All-Freshman team and earned the Big Ten's Sixth Man of the Year award. Mullens only played one year for the Buckeyes before declaring eligibility for the NBA Draft.
NBA career.
Mullens was drafted 24th overall by the Dallas Mavericks in the 2009 NBA Draft. His draft rights were traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder for Rodrigue Beaubois, the 25th overall pick, and a future 2nd round draft pick. In mid-2009, Mullens requested that all media personnel refer to him as "Byron" rather than by his prior nickname "B. J."
During the 2011 NBA lockout, Mullens signed with Panionios B.C. However, he left the team after a month in Greece, saying that he wanted to join his Oklahoma City teammates for their voluntary practice sessions.
On December 19, 2011, Mullens was traded to the Charlotte Bobcats for a 2013 second round draft pick. In his first game as a Bobcat, Mullens set a new career high with 10 points against the Milwaukee Bucks on December 26, 2011.
Mullens had what appeared to be a breakthrough game against the Atlanta Hawks on January 6, 2012, when he scored 17 points on 8-13 from the floor (.615 FG%), collected five rebounds and had one blocked shot in 24 minutes off the bench.
He made his first career start on January 12, 2012 against the Atlanta Hawks. He played in a career high 33 minutes, going 8-16 from the floor scoring 21 points and collecting 4 rebounds. On April 6, 2012, Byron set new career highs by scoring 31 points (on 14-23 shooting) and grabbing 14 rebounds (9 offensive) in 43 minutes against the Milwaukee Bucks.
Entering the 2012–13 season, Mullens played as Charlotte's starting power forward. The acquisition of center Brendan Haywood was part of the decision to play Mullens primarily at power forward instead of center.
On July 22, 2013, Mullens signed with the Los Angeles Clippers.
On February 20, 2014, Mullens was traded to the Philadelphia 76ers in exchange for a future second-round pick.
International career.
Mullens was included in the preliminary Great Britain squad for the 2012 Summer Olympic Games. However, he left the team in June 2012 because of a toe injury.

</doc>
<doc id="19151349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151349" title="Denpa teki na Kanojo">
Denpa teki na Kanojo

Plot.
Jū Jūzawa is a delinquent high school boy who just wants to be left alone. One day, he is approached by Ame Ochibana, who claims that she knew him in a previous life, and now wants to serve him as his "knight." At first Jū wants nothing to do with Ame, but after a classmate is murdered, he accepts her help as he looks for the killer.
OVA.
The two OVA episodes are based on the first and third light novel. The second novel does not have an OVA adaptation.

</doc>
<doc id="19151357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151357" title="Cal Poly Pomona Broncos">
Cal Poly Pomona Broncos

The Cal Poly Pomona Broncos or Cal Poly Broncos are the athletic sports team for the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona). Cal Poly Pomona has 12 varsity sports teams and offers student participation in a wide range of sports including soccer, volleyball, track and field, basketball, softball, baseball, and tennis. Cal Poly Pomona participates at the NCAA's Division II (DII) level in the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA). The Broncos have 61 CCAA championships and 14 NCAA National Championships.
Championships.
NCAA national championships (14).
Cal Poly Pomona has won NCAA Division II championships in the following events:
CCAA championships (61).
Cal Poly Pomona has won CCAA championships in the following events:
Club sports.
There are currently 7 club sports at Cal Poly Pomona.
All student may only participate in any clubs/activities with a 3.0 or higher
Bronco Pep Band.
The Bronco Pep Band is a student-run band at the university. The band is currently a group within the Athletic Department.
Cal Poly Pomona music department student Daniel Sandt became the first director of what became known as "Bronco Pep Band version 2.0".
Fight song.
The first fight song.
Song of the Viking
Words by Jerry Voorhis, Sung to the tune of The University of Maine Stein Song
The new fight song.
Cal Poly Pomona Fight Song
Words sung to the trio section of John Phillip Sousa's Solid Men to the Front.
Unofficial Fight Song.
The finale of the overture to the opera "William Tell" has served as the university's fight song. 

</doc>
<doc id="19151383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151383" title="List of EuroFloorball Cup winners">
List of EuroFloorball Cup winners

This is a List of EuroFloorball Cup Winners, including runners-up. A EuroFloorball Cup is awarded to the team which wins in the finals of that year's EuroFloorball Cup.
A EuroFloorball Cup is awarded twice a year; one men's and one women's. The most recent EuroFloorball Cup Champions are AIK Innebandy (men's) and IKSU Innebandy (women's).
The EuroFloorball Cup was previously named the European Cup, but due to a naming conflict, the tournament name was changed in 2007. The tournament also adopted a 2-year format after the 1999 championships, causing the 2 EuroFloorball Cups not to be awarded in 2000, but 2001. The tournament reverted to its one year format in 2008, causing 4 EuroFloorball Cups to be awarded in the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19151432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19151432" title="Daniel the Traveller">
Daniel the Traveller

Daniel of Kiev, or in Russian Daniel Kievsky or Daniil Polomnik (the Pilgrim), was the first travel writer from Kievan Rus.
Some have identified him as Daniel, Bishop of Suriev, that flourished 1115 CE to 1122 CE.
Travels.
The Archimandrite Daniel journeyed to the West from the Rus monastery where he lived as an igumen in the twelfth century. This monastery was probably near Chernihiv in Ukraine, in the Land of Chernihivshchyna. He began his travels in the early 12th century and was likely in Constantinople around 1106 CE to 1108 CE. While Daniel's was not the first traveler to leave Rus, his was the first written about that there is records of. In all likelihood there were warriors, merchants, and even other pilgrims who had traveled from Kievan Rus to the outside world before the twelfth century — however none left written records that came down to the present day. Daniel was one of the first European travelers to travel long distances on foot and keep a written account of his travels ("travelog").
Daniel's journeys took him to Constantinople by way of Cyprus to the Holy Land. Daniel stayed in the Jerusalem area for over a year and took various trips around Palestine. During this time he explored the Dead Sea, Hebron, and Damascus. He learned much of the regions from his three major excursions to the Dead Sea and Lower Jordan (which he compares to the Snov River), Bethlehem and Hebron, and Damascus. Daniel wrote his journeys in narratives he titled "Puteshestive igumena Daniila" and also known as "Zhytiye I khodinnya Danyla, Ruskoyi zemli ihumena" — Life and Pilgrimage of Danylo, Hegumen from the Land of the Russians.
Daniel's narratives begin at Constantinople. His description of the Holy Land preserves a record of conditions that are peculiarly characteristic of the time. He describes the Saracen raiding almost up to the walls of Christian Jerusalem and the friendly relations subsisting between Roman and Eastern churches in Syria. Daniel visited Palestine in the reign of Baldwin I of Jerusalem and apparently soon after the crusader capture of Acre, Israel (1104 CE). He claims to have accompanied Baldwin on an expedition against Damascus (c. 1107 CE). Daniel's narratives show that Baldwin treated him with much friendliness.
Daniel's account of Jerusalem is descriptive and accurate. His observant and detailed record of Palestine is among some of the most valuable medieval documents that exists. Daniel had some knowledge of both Greek and Latin and so was able to use interpreters. He writes, "It is impossible to come to know all the holy places without guides and interpreters." He writes of a holy man of great learning, well advanced in years, who had lived in Galilee for thirty years that had accompanied him in Palestine. Daniel visited about sixty places in the area, however made some major mistakes in topography and history.
Daniel's narratives are also important in the history of the Old Russian language and in the study of ritual and liturgy of the time (i.e. description of the Easter services in Jerusalem and the Descent of the Holy Fire). Daniel records that several of his friends from Kiev and Old Novgorod were present with him at the Easter Eve "miracle" in the church of the Holy Sepulchre.
There are seventy-six manuscripts of Daniel's narratives of which only five are before the year 1500 CE. The oldest of his narratives is dated 1475 CE of which three editions still exist in Saint Petersburg at the Library of Ecclesiastical History.

</doc>
