<doc id="19288572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288572" title="Negative income tax">
Negative income tax

In economics, a negative income tax (abbreviated NIT) is a progressive income tax system where people earning below a certain amount receive supplemental pay from the government instead of paying taxes to the government. Such a system has been discussed by economists but never fully implemented. It was developed by British politician Juliet Rhys-Williams in the 1940s and later by United States economist Milton Friedman.
Negative income taxes can implement a basic income or supplement a guaranteed minimum income system.
In a negative income tax system, people earning a certain income level would owe no taxes; those earning more than that would pay a proportion of their income above that level; and those below that level would receive a payment of a proportion of their shortfall, which is the amount their income falls below that level.
General welfare.
A negative income tax is intended to create a single system that would not only pay for government, but would also fulfill the social goal of making sure that there was a minimum level of income for all. It is theorized that, with an NIT, the need for minimum wage, food stamps, welfare, social security programs and other government assistance programs could be eliminated, thus reducing the administrative effort and cost to a fraction of what it is under the current system, as well as eliminating the perverse incentives created by these overlapping aid programs, e.g. when a minimum wage worker who earns a little more nets out with less income because he is newly ineligible for aid. The worker is stuck in a welfare trap and has no incentive to seek higher wages.
A NIT does not disrupt low-wage markets, whereas a minimum wage makes certain very low end jobs impossible (as anyone whose labour is valued at less than the minimum wage must be unemployed). A NIT would therefore increase the availability of cheap labour, which would enable businesses to do domestically some of the work which they would otherwise have to outsource to other countries.
A NIT would reduce administrative overhead, since the large bureaucracies responsible for administering taxation and welfare systems, with the multitude of rules, thresholds and different applications required, could be eliminated. The resources saved by eliminating these bureaucracies could then be spent on more productive government activities, or returned to the people via tax cuts.
A NIT is also expected to have an immediate stabilizing effect as well as a positive influence on the cycle of economic "boom and bust" (during recession, the minimum income aids individuals' confidence whilst businesses are aided by option to lower wages).
Specific models.
Various different models of negative income tax have been proposed.
One model was proposed by Milton Friedman. In this version, a specified proportion of unused deductions or allowances would be refunded to the taxpayer. If, for a family of four the amount of allowances came out to $10,000, and the subsidy rate was 50% (the rate recommended by Friedman), and the family earned $6,000, the family would receive $2,000, because it left $4,000 of allowances unused, and therefore qualifies for $2,000, half that amount. Friedman feared that subsidy rates any higher would lessen the incentive to obtain employment. He also warned that the negative income tax, as an addition to the "ragbag" of welfare and assistance programs, would only worsen the problem of bureaucracy and waste. Instead, he argued, the negative income tax should immediately replace all other welfare and assistance programs on the way to a completely laissez-faire society where all welfare is privately administered. The negative income tax has come up in one form or another in Congress, but Friedman eventually opposed it because it came packaged with other undesirable elements antithetical to the efficacy of the negative income tax. Friedman preferred to have no income tax at all, but said he did not think it was politically feasible at that time to eliminate it, so he suggested this as a less harmful income tax scheme.
Flat tax with negative income tax.
The effort for reporting and supervision can be significantly reduced by combining basic income with flat income tax. The relationship between gross and net income for individuals can be adjusted to correspond roughly to current relationship at all income levels, implying that income tax is effectively progressive. A flat rate income taxation with tax exemption implements a negative income tax as well as maintaining an actual tax rate progression at extremely low administrative cost. This is achieved by paying a "tax on the tax exemption to all taxpayers", e.g. in monthly payments. The tax on the tax exemption is computed by applying the nominal flat tax rate to the exemption. The tax on the income is drawn directly "from the source", e.g. from an employer. The tax on income is computed by applying the nominal flat tax rate to the income.
This simple method results in an effective progressive rate taxation (although the tax rate for the taxes drawn at the source is flat) which is positive once the income exceeds the tax exemption. If, however, the income is less than the tax exemption, the effective progressive rate actually becomes negative without any involvement by any tax authority. As for the positive progression, only very high incomes would lead to an actual tax rate which is close to the nominal flat tax rate.
The tax on tax exemption also can be understood as a tax credit, which is paid back once an income has reached the level of the tax exemption. This level marks the point where paid taxes and the tax credit are equal. Above that point the state earns taxes from the taxpayer. Below that point the state pays taxes to the taxpayer.
Flat tax implementations "without" the provision of a negative income tax actually need an "additional" effort in order to "avoid" negative taxation. For such a tax, the exemption only can be paid after knowing the earned income. Flat tax implementations "with" negative income tax allow to pay the tax on the tax exemption independent of the amount of the actual income.
Implementation.
While the notion has long been popular in some circles, its implementation has never been politically feasible. This is partly because of the very complex and entrenched nature of most countries' current tax laws: they would have to be rewritten under any NIT system. However, some countries have seen the introduction of refundable (or non-wastable) tax credits which can be paid even when there is no tax liability to be offset, such as the Earned Income Tax Credit in the United States and working tax credit in the UK. Under President Richard Nixon, a NIT proposal almost made it through Congress.
From 1968 to 1979, the largest negative income tax social experiments in the US were undertaken. The first experiment was the New Jersey Income Maintenance Experiment, proposed by MIT Economics graduate student Heather Ross in 1967 in a proposal to the U.S. Office of Economic Opportunity.
The four experiments were in:
In general they found that workers would decrease labor supply (employment) by two to four weeks per year because of the guarantee of income equal to the poverty threshold.
A negative income tax has been implemented for a certain bracket of low incomes in Israel.
Advocates.
In Australia, a negative income tax is advocated by the Liberal Democratic Party as part of their tax policy.
In Slovakia, welfare and tax system reform based on NIT is proposed by classical liberal Freedom and Solidarity party.
In the United States, a negative income tax was advocated by the Green Party as part of their 2010 platform.
In his final book ' (1967), American civil rights leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner Martin Luther King Jr. wrote
Criticism.
A common criticism is that the NIT might reduce the incentive to work, since recipients of the NIT would receive a guaranteed minimum wage equal to the government payment in the absence of employment. A series of studies in the United States beginning in 1968 attempted to test for effects on work incentives. Jodie Allen summarizes the key studies:
The Stanford Research Institute (SRI), which analyzed the SIME/DIME findings, found stronger work disincentive effects, ranging from an average 9 percent work reduction for husbands to an average 18 percent reduction for wives. This was not as scary as some NIT opponents had predicted. But it was large enough to suggest that as much as 50 to 60 percent of the transfers paid to two-parent families under a NIT might go to replace lost earnings. They also found an unexpected result: instead of promoting family stability (the presumed result of extending benefits to two-parent working families on an equal basis), the NITs seemed to increase family breakup.

</doc>
<doc id="19288582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288582" title="American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees">
American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees

The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) is a major trade union in the United States. It represents approximately 1.5 million workers, most of whom work in the public sector. The union has become known in recent years for its involvement in political campaigns.
AFSCME is part of the AFL-CIO, one of the two main labor federations in the United States. Employees at the federal government level are primarily represented by other unions, such as the American Federation of Government Employees, with which AFSCME was once affiliated, and the National Treasury Employees Union; but AFSCME does represent some federal employees at the Federal Aviation Administration and the Library of Congress, among others.
According to their website, AFSCME organizes for social and economic rights of their protectorates in the workplace and through political action and legislative advocacy. It is divided into more than 3,500 local unions in 46 U.S. states, plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Each local union writes its own constitution, holds membership meetings, and elects its own officers. Councils are also a part of AFSCME's administrative structure, usually grouping together various locals in a geographic area.
History.
AFSCME was founded in 1932 as the Wisconsin State Administrative, Clerical, Fiscal and Technical Employees Association (quickly becoming the Wisconsin State Employees Association) amid fears of the possible elimination of the civil service and a return to patronage jobs. Its driving force and first president was Arnold Zander.
One of its first projects was to protect civil service jobs in Wisconsin after a newly elected Democratic legislature revealed its intention to eliminate Republicans from the civil service. The group succeeded, with assistance from the American Federation of Labor (AFL)
Zander era.
In 1934, AFSCME fell out of favor with the AFL, which incorporated Wisconsin state employees into the American Federation of Government Employees. Against the wishes of AFL President William Green, Zander called for a constitutional convention in Chicago and threatened to join the newly formed Congress of Industrial Organizations. Zander was elected president of AFSCME at the convention, held in December 1935; the AFL agreed to give AFSMCE a national charter in October 1936. 
At this time, AFSCME was primarily a union for white-collar civil service workers. These workers were legally without the right to collectively bargain, let alone strike—rights which Zander did not support 
The union grew slowly over the next several decades, gradually changing from an association formed to protect civil service systems to a union interested in collective bargaining.
Wurf and civil rights.
AFSCME was integrated in the 1960s under the presidency of Jerome Wurf, and began to grow more quickly. 
In 1968, Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated while in Memphis, Tennessee to support a strike by the African-American sanitation workers' union, AFSCME Local 1733. In 1993 a documentary movie was produced, titled "At the River I Stand", about the Memphis sanitation workers' strike that brought Martin Luther King Jr. to Memphis.
Leadership.
The leadership of AFSCME consists of a president, secretary-treasurer, and an executive board. The President of AFSCME International is Lee A. Saunders. Saunders is a former Executive Assistant to Gerald McEntee, and has served as Administrator of a number of AFSCME councils and large local unions across the country. . He was chosen in an election held June 21, 2012 during the AFSCME International Convention in Los Angeles, California. The presidential candidates were Saunders and Danny Donohue, president of the Civil Service Employees Association (who had been narrowly defeated by Saunders at the 2010 convention election for International Secretary-Treasurer). Saunders won the election with 54% of the votes.
Gerald McEntee was first elected AFSCME President in 1981 and was re-elected in July 2008 to another four-year term. McEntee was a vice-president of the AFL-CIO and the chair of the AFL-CIO Political Education Committee. McEntee announced his retirement in 2012. 
For many years the Secretary-Treasurer was William Lucy. Lucy was first elected AFSCME Secretary-Treasurer in May 1972 and was re-elected in June 2008 to his latest four-year term. Lucy was a former President of Local 1675, Contra Costa County Employees Association of Contra Costa County, California, where he was employed for 13 years. Lucy also served as president of the Coalition of Black Trade Unionists (CBTU).
On February 22, 2010, it was announced that Lucy was retiring in the middle of his four-year term. His successor, Lee A. Saunders, was elected at the July 2010 AFSCME International Convention in Boston, Massachusetts.
Campaigns.
Due to the wave of privatization of public services, AFSCME has long pursued a policy of "following the work": organizing workers who perform work in the public interest, whether the operator is non-profit or commercial. In New York, for example, in February 2006, 1200 employees of Lifespire Inc., a New York City human services agency that provides services to the developmentally disabled, joined the Civil Service Employees Association (CSEA)/AFSCME Local 1000, AFSCME’s single biggest affiliate, through a card check campaign.
AFSCME is also currently running campaigns to organize home-based family child care providers. To date AFSCME has been able to secure gubernatorial Executive Order recognizing the union as the representative of home-based child care providers in Wisconsin, Oregon, New York, and Michigan. In New Jersey, Gov. Corzine signed an executive order on August 2, 2006 recoginizing AFSCME and the Communications Workers of America (CWA) as the unions representing child care providers in that state. In Michigan, the Child Care union is known as Child Care Providers Together-Michigan (CCPTM). CCPTM was organized with the help of the United Auto Workers, and the UAW currently represents roughly 40% of CCPTM members. AFSCME also represents child care providers in Franklin and Lucas counties in Ohio.
When Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich signed an executive order that allowed the providers to collectively bargain with the state, the move launched a turf war, with the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) battling AFSCME for the exclusive right to organize the workers. AFSCME argued they would be better suited for negotiating with the state, while the SEIU claimed it already unofficially represented 20,000 of the workers. An independent mediator ruled that the SEIU and not AFSCME should represent nearly 49,000 home child care providers in that state. The mediator found that the SEIU had been trying to organize the workers since 1996, while AFSCME had started just a month earlier. Despite its success in organizing child care providers, AFSCME was rejected.
In California, AFSCME represents the lower paid workforce at all ten campuses of the University of California. The union in 2007 resolved a pay equity dispute that had dogged the University for two years. It led a number of political and entertainment figures to refuse to cross an informational picket for the purpose of giving keynote speeches at graduation ceremonies.
Contributions to political campaigns.
According to the Center for Responsive Politics, AFSCME is the United States' largest single contributor to political campaigns, having donated more than US$38 million since 1990. The organization contributes almost exclusively to Democratic Party campaigns; since 1990 the ratio of Democratic to Republican contributions by the AFSCME has exceeded 98:1. In addition to combating the privatization mentioned above, key political objectives for the group include raising the minimum wage and opposing the substitution of vacation time for overtime pay due workers. In June 2008, AFSCME, along with MoveOn.org, spent over US$500,000 on a television advertisement critical of the presumed Republican presidential nominee John McCain. Funding for political campaigns does not come from union dues, but rather from voluntary member contributions to a political action committee called AFSCME PEOPLE (Public Employees Organized to Promote Legislative Equality).

</doc>
<doc id="19288592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288592" title="Maximum wage">
Maximum wage

A maximum wage, also often called a wage ceiling, is a legal limit on how much income an individual can earn. This is a related economic concept that is complementary to the minimum wage used currently by some states to enforce minimum earnings. Both a maximum and minimum wage are methods by which wealth can be redistributed within a society.
Advocates argue that a maximum wage could limit the possibility for inflation of a currency or economy, similar to the way a minimum wage may limit deflation. If these hypotheses are true, implementing both pieces of legislation would achieve an economy with wages that cannot inflate or deflate past the point of the relative maximum/minimum wage (respectively). Accordingly, wages in the economy would hover between the maximum and minimum, and the populace would live between the two wage points. Supporters say a maximum wage could also reduce devaluation of a currency by limiting the amount any member of the populace can earn, and consequently effectively limiting the availability of currency. Economists of the monetarist school hold that this position is false; instead they believe that inflation is controlled by growth in the money supply according to the quantity theory of money, rather than through growth in actual wages.
Implementation.
No major economy has a direct earnings limit, though some economies do have highly progressive tax structures in the form of scaled taxation.
Maximum liquid wealth.
A "maximum liquid wealth" policy restricts the amount of liquid wealth an individual is permitted to maintain, while giving them unrestricted access to non-liquid assets. That is to say, an individual may earn as much as they like during a given time period, but all earnings must be re-invested (spent) within an equivalent time period; all earnings not re-invested within this time period would be seized.
This policy is only arguably a valid maximum wage implementation, as it does not actually restrict the wages a person is allowed to maintain, but only restricts the amount of actual currency they are allowed to hold at any given time. Proponents of the policy argue that it enforces the ideals of a maximum wage without restricting actual capital growth or economic incentive.
Proponents believe wealth that is not re-invested in the economy is harmful to economic growth; that actual liquid currency not re-invested timely is indicative of an unfair trade, in which an individual has paid more for a good/service than the good/service was worth. This stems from the belief that currency should represent the actual value of a good or service.
When this policy is imposed, individual savings can only be held as solid assets like stocks, bonds, business, and property. Opponents argue that since a maximum liquid wealth policy makes no allowance for individual savings, it therefore assumes the non-importance of a bank and the loans that banks provide. Loans being essential to the economy, opponents argue, banks are an essential economic institution. Proponents of the maximum liquid wealth policy respond that government could be directly responsible for supplying loans to individuals; they also add that such an arrangement could result in vastly lower interest rates. Of course, proponents of limited government would not find this situation ideal.
Relative earnings limit.
A "relative earnings limit" is a limit imposed upon a business, to the amount of compensation an individual is allowed, as a specific multiple of a company's lowest earner; or directly relative to the number of individuals a company employs and the average compensation provided to each individual employee, not including a certain percentage of the company's top earners. The former implementation has the advantage of limiting wage gaps. The latter implementation has the advantage of encouraging employment opportunities, as increasing employment would be a way for employers to boost their maximum earnings. A compromise would be to base the limit upon the number of employees had by a specific company and the compensation of that company's lowest earner. One weakness in this method is that a company can simply hire outside firms to keep the low wage employees on their payroll, while only having the top earning employees on the companies payroll, effectively by-passing the limits.
To moderate self-employed individuals, the maximum would be based on the average compensation of the nation's employed (GDP Per Capita) and a specific multiplier.
Direct earnings limit.
A "direct earnings limit" is a limit placed directly, usually as a number in terms of currency, upon the amount of compensation any individual is allowed to earn in a given time period.
Public salary limit.
In 2011 Venezuela announced that from January 2012 its public officials would be subject to salary limits, with different types of official positions subject to different maximum salaries. At the highest level, officials may receive salaries no higher than 12 times the minimum wage. State governors, for example, may receive a maximum of 9 times the minimum wage.
Scaled taxation.
"Scaled taxation" is a method of progressive taxation that raises the rate at which the principal sum is taxed, directly relative to the amount of the principal. This type of taxation is normally applied to income taxes, although other types of taxation can be scaled.
In the case of a maximum wage, a scaled tax would be applied so that the top earners in a society would be taxed extremely large percentages of their income. Modern income tax systems, allowing salary raises to be reflected by a raise in after tax income, tax each individual note of currency in each particular bracket at the same rate. An example follows.
Criticism of maximum wages.
Critics of a maximum wage such as Chicago School economist Milton Friedman argue that such a policy would reduce incentive to innovate and for highly skilled workers to pursue demanding jobs. This decline in innovation would be problematic as innovation is one source of economic growth.
Austrian economists and libertarian think-tank Mackinac Center for Public Policy argue that inflation is not caused by wages but by governments printing money. In addition, they highlight the fact money is a commodity whose value is subject to supply and demand. They argue likewise that the increased demand for labour brought about by a maximum wage will prevent an economy running at its most effective because people will try to circumvent a situation where wages are kept below free-market levels.
Empirical support.
A 2010 study from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School indicates the existence of a "happiness ceiling" of as low as $75,000 a year, beyond which increases in wage do not increase personal satisfaction anymore.
History.
In England, the Statute of Artificers 1563 implemented statutes of compulsory labor and fixed maximum wage scales; Justices of the Peace could fix wages according "to the plenty or scarcity of the time".
To counteract the increase in prevailing wages due to scarcity of labor, American colonies in the 17th century created a ceiling wage and minimum hours of employment.
In the early Soviet Union, in the period 1920–1932, communist party members were subject to a maximum wage, the partmaximum. Its demise is seen as the onset of the rise of the nomenklatura class of Soviet apparatchiks. The idea that any individual could earn money by his labor, instead of earning for the community, undermined the initial principles of communism.
In 1942, during World War II, US President Franklin D. Roosevelt proposed a maximum income of $25,000 during the war:
This was proposed to be implemented by a 100% marginal tax on all income over $40,000 (after-tax income of $25,000). While this was not implemented, the Revenue Act of 1942 implemented an 88% marginal tax rate on income over $200,000, together with a 5% "Victory Tax" with post-war credits, hence temporarily yielding a 93% top tax rate (though 5% was subsequently returned in credits).
After decades of social democratic governments, the Swedish children's author Astrid Lindgren faced an infamous marginal tax rate of 102 % in 1976, in effect creating a wage ceiling. Though the example was partly due to inverted loop holes in the tax code, the figure was seen as an important catalyst for the results in the election that year, in which the Social Democratic Party lost power after 40 consecutive years in power. After a "tax rebellion" and demanded the top marginal tax rates were reduced to 50 % in the late 1980s.
Since the 1990s, the chief proponent of a maximum wage in the United States has been Sam Pizzigati; see References, particularly .
In his 2000 run for the Green Party presidential nomination, Jello Biafra called for a maximum wage of $100,000 in the United States, and the reduction of the income tax to zero for all income below that level. Biafra claimed he would increase taxes for the wealthy and reduce taxes for those in the lower and middle classes. Many Green parties have a maximum wage in their manifesto, which they argue would prevent conspicuous consumption and the subsequent environmental damage that they believe ensues, while allowing the financing of jobs and a guaranteed minimum income for the poorest workers.
Association football.
In the United Kingdom until 1901, individual clubs had set their own wage policies. That year, the Football League ratified a maximum weekly wage for footballers of £4 ("2012: £"). This severely limited the ability of the best players in the country to forgo the need to take paid employment outside of football and, this in turn, lead to the formation of The Players' Union in 1907.
By Summer 1928 players could earn a weekly maximum of £8 ("2012: £"), although clubs routinely found ways to increase this. Arsenal player Eddie Hapgood supplemented his income by fashion modelling and advertising chocolate.
Association football retained the maximum wage until January 1961, at which point it was abolished after Jimmy Hill, chairman of the Professional Footballers' Association, threatened strike action. Before then players earned a maximum of £20 ("2012: £") a week, which was then around the average wage for a British worker. In justifying the strike action, one union representative stated that he "admired people in the mining community but it didn't mean they could cope with marking Stanley Matthews on a Saturday afternoon." Johnny Haynes became football's first £100-a-week player days afterwards the maximum wage was abolished, and ten years later George Best was earning £1,000 ("2012: £") a week.
In his campaign for the French presidency in 2012, Jean-Luc Melenchon argued in favour of a tax rate of 100 % on incomes over 360,000 euros.
Related concepts.
Maximum Total Earnings legislation suggests that when a person has accumulated sufficient wealth that they can survive on the interest alone they must stop working and allow someone else to work. This theoretical concept assumes there is a set amount of work to be done in an economy (the lump of labor theory), and is not supported by any major form of modern economic thought. Attempts to reduce unemployment by removing people from the labor force, as is proposed by this theory, have been a failure.

</doc>
<doc id="19288596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288596" title="Lowell, Seneca County, Ohio">
Lowell, Seneca County, Ohio

Lowell is an unincorporated community in Adams Township, Seneca County, Ohio, United States. It is located at the intersection of State Route 778 and State Route 101.

</doc>
<doc id="19288600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288600" title="Jon Cruddas">
Jon Cruddas

Jonathan Cruddas (born 7 April 1962) is a British Labour Party politician who has been a Member of Parliament (MP) since 2001, first for Dagenham and then for Dagenham and Rainham.
A graduate of Warwick University, Cruddas was first elected to Parliament in 2001. Having been critical of many aspects of the Blair Government, Cruddas stood for the Deputy Leadership of the Labour Party in 2007, being eliminated in the penultimate round of the contest. Unlike the other five candidates, he openly stated that he did not wish to become Deputy Prime Minister. He won the most votes in the first round of voting, obtaining 19.39% of the vote from both party members and party-affiliated organisations, and it is thought that the second-choice votes of the Cruddas supporters contributed to Harriet Harman's eventual victory. After his campaign, he was offered a position in the Cabinet by Prime Minister Gordon Brown, which he turned down.
Despite being touted by some media sources as a potential candidate for the Leadership of the Labour Party in the future, he ruled himself out of the 2010 leadership election, saying that he did not want the job but instead wanted to influence policy. In 2012, Cruddas was appointed to Ed Miliband's Shadow Cabinet, replacing Liam Byrne as Labour Party Policy Coordinator.
Early life and education.
Cruddas was born in Helston to John, a sailor, and Pat, who hails from Donegal in Ireland. Cruddas was educated at the Oaklands Roman Catholic Comprehensive School in Waterlooville, Portsmouth, before attending the University of Warwick where he graduated with an M.A. and later a Ph.D. in Industrial and Business Studies in 1991, writing a thesis entitled "An analysis of value theory, the sphere of production and contemporary approaches to the reorganisation of workplace relations". He was subsequently a Visiting Fellow of the University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1987 to 1989.
Early career.
In 1989, he became a policy officer for the Labour Party before being appointed Senior Assistant to Labour Party General Secretary Larry Whitty in 1994, remaining in that position when Tom Sawyer became General Secretary that same year. After the 1997 election, he was employed as Deputy Political Secretary to new Prime Minister Tony Blair. His main role was to be a liaison between the Prime Minister and the trade unions, with whom Blair had often had a difficult relationship. In this role, he also worked heavily on the introduction of the minimum wage.
Political career.
Cruddas was selected to be the Prospective Parliamentary Candidate for the safe Labour seat of Dagenham in 2000, after incumbent MP Judith Church announced that she would be retiring. He was elected as the new MP for Dagenham one year later at the 2001 election, with a majority of 8,693.
From the backbenches, Cruddas quickly became a vocal critic of the government for what he saw as their ignoring of their traditional, working-class support in a bid to woo middle-class voters. He rebelled against the government on a number of occasions, including on the introduction of university top-up fees, the legislation on asylum seekers, the introduction of trust schools, proposals to renew the UK Trident nuclear weapons system, and foundation trusts. He also vocally supported both the Fourth Option for direct investment in council housing and the Trade Union Freedom Bill.
After being re-elected at the 2005 election, Dagenham was abolished for the 2010 election. Cruddas chose to fight the newly created seat of Dagenham and Rainham, which was notionally marginal. He won the seat by 2,630 votes in a close-run election campaign, which was notable for being a seat that the far-right British National Party had heavily targeted. This resulted in a large number of anti-fascist organisations not affiliated to the Labour Party, such as Hope not Hate, campaigning for Cruddas in order to resist the challenge from the BNP. After winning re-election, Cruddas took up a part-time position teaching Labour history at University College, Oxford from 2010 to 2012.
Deputy leadership election.
On 27 September 2006, Cruddas announced his intention to stand to become Deputy Leader of the Labour Party once the incumbent, John Prescott, stood down. He said that unlike the other candidates for the position he did not want to be Deputy Prime Minister, but instead wished to act as a "transmission belt" with the grassroots of the party. In interviews, Cruddas also said that he did not want the "trappings or baubles" that would potentially come with the job of Deputy Prime Minister, such as use of the Dorneywood weekend country residence.
Cruddas accrued nominations from 49 MPs and received strong union backing, including Amicus and the Transport and General Workers' Union. He also received backing from former Deputy Leader Roy Hattersley, Mayor of London Ken Livingstone, NUS President Gemma Tumelty, and former National Executive Committee member, actor and presenter Tony Robinson. The left-wing magazine "Tribune" endorsed him as "the change that is required".
On 24 June 2007, it was announced that Harriet Harman had won the election, although Jon Cruddas gained the highest proportion of votes in the first round. He was ultimately eliminated in the fourth round of voting, coming third behind Harman and Alan Johnson. He had secured the highest number of votes from members of affiliated organisation in every round before his elimination.
Policy Review Coordinator.
On 15 May 2012, Labour Leader Ed Miliband offered Cruddas a position in his Shadow Cabinet as Labour's Policy Coordinator, with a view to crafting Labour's manifesto for the next election. Cruddas accepted the offer, saying that it had always been his wish to influence policy.
Political views.
Cruddas's deputy leadership challenge was based on the precepts contained in a pamphlet called 'Fit for purpose: A programme for Labour Party renewal', co-authored with journalist John Harris and funded by the pressure group Compass. Cruddas won a Compass membership poll in March 2007, gaining 53% of first preference votes among the deputy leadership candidates. In terms of his relative position within the Labour Party, newspapers have described Cruddas as "left wing", however he has also been described as "modernising centre-left", and more recently has become associated with the socially conservative Blue Labour tendency and has formed a political partnership with James Purnell. He has also described himself as "mistaken" over his decision to vote for British participation in the 2003 invasion of Iraq and has criticised his party's record on immigration, saying that "we had too many people coming too fast", and that "immigration has been used as a 21st century incomes policy, and protections in terms of the labour market have not been substantial enough." He has stated that his political hero is former Australian Prime Minister Paul Keating.
After speculation that the Roman Catholic Cruddas was in favour of restricting abortion, he re-affirmed his pro-choice position. In an interview concerning Cruddas' faith, he stated "in our family the political heroes weren’t Gaitskell or Bevan. They were the Kennedys because they were Irish, there was Oscar Romero because liberation theology was quite a big thing, and Pope John. So I joined the Labour Party, and my brother joined the Carmelites. The Labour Party always seemed to me to be a rational, natural element within some of those things we were brought up to believe in. It was as simple as that. My family was part of the Diaspora, they were all over the world, and again that returned to certain issues of solidarity. So there was always that seamless thing between faith and political agency, and union activity as well, forged out of the politics of Irish immigration".
"The Times Guide to the House of Commons" describes him as "a well-liked and well-respected left winger who took on the BNP and won".
Personal life.
He married Labour activist Anna Mary Healy in 1992, and they have one son. His wife works as an assistant for Harriet Harman, and had previously worked for Labour MPs Jack Cunningham, Mo Mowlam and Gus Macdonald. Cruddas lives in Notting Hill. Cruddas was banned from driving for 8 weeks for driving with no MOT or insurance in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19288608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288608" title="Hunan University of Science and Technology">
Hunan University of Science and Technology

Hunan University of Science and Technology () is an institution of higher learning in Xiangtan, Hunan Province of the People's Republic of China. It is under the jointly jurisdiction of central government and provincial government, and is mainly administered by Hunan Province. Hunan University of Science and Technology was formed by the merger of two earlier universities.

</doc>
<doc id="19288613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288613" title="Şəhriyar">
Şəhriyar

Şəhriyar or Shagriyar or Shakhriar or Shakhriyar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19288618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288618" title="Anne Ryg">
Anne Ryg

Anne Ryg (born 1967) is a Norwegian actress known from her role as Karen Borg in the movies about the detective Hanne Wilhelmsen; "Blind gudinne" and "Salige er de som tørster". Ryg was formerly married to comedian Harald Eia, but the two separated in 2007. Eia and Ryg had been married for twelve years, and the couple had two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19288626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288626" title="Children &amp; Youth Funding Report">
Children &amp; Youth Funding Report

Children & Youth Funding Report is a news service (or newsletter) produced in Silver Spring, MD by CD Publications. It reports on public and private sources of funding for programs focused on high-risk, low income and underserved youth and children.
History.
CD Publications began publishing housing-related newsletters in 1961, starting with "Housing Affairs Letter". The company branched out into senior affairs with "Aging News Alert" in 1984, and into grant-seeking with "Federal Assistance Monitor" in 1986. "Children & Youth Funding Report" was added in 1992.
In Fall 2006, the company acquired "Child Protection Report" from Eli Research. Following an attempt to promote "CPR" on its own, it was folded into "CYF". "Family Services Funding Report", which also once was a freestanding newsletter, now is part of "CYF" as well.
Current Coverage.
"CYF" posts announcements of federal, foundation and private grants for child welfare, juvenile justice, education, health care and other related areas. It covers legislation, government policy, local programs, proposal-writing, and federal departments/agencies related to child services.
Expansion.
In 2007, "CYF" was changed to a web-based format and, along with CD Publications' other funding news services, was moved onto the web portal GrantsandFunding.net.

</doc>
<doc id="19288631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288631" title="Nuria González">
Nuria González

Nuria González (16 May 1962) is a Spanish actress.
González was born in Málaga. She is popular thanks to her appearances in several TV shows and series, but she has a long career as a film and stage actress (" 5mujeres.com " in Teatro Alcázar, "Bodas de sangre", "Cinco cubiertos", "Fiestas gordas del vino y del tocino", "Orgía", "María Sarmiento"...)

</doc>
<doc id="19288632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288632" title="Le Bois des Vierges">
Le Bois des Vierges

Le Bois des Vierges (English: "The Wood of Virgins") is a French comic book series created by authors Jean Dufaux (writer) and Béatrice Tillier (artist), and published by Robert Laffont Fantastique.
The comic is set in a fantasy world populated by humans in a Tudor period level of technological sophistication, and several races of anthropomorphic carnivora; including wolves (referred to as "Bêtes d'haute taille" or High Beasts), lynxes and red foxes (both of which are referred to as "Bêtes de baisse taille" or Low Beasts). The first volume was published in February 2008.
Volumes.
One: Hache.
Published in 2008
After years of incessant fighting, the war between humanity and the High Beasts is brought to an end after the humans begin using firearms, forcing the comparatively primitive High Beasts to declare a truce. It is decided that an interspecific marriage be formed between Aube, the daughter of the human nobleman Arcan, and Loup-de-Feu, the son of the Beast Lord Loup-de-Traille. Aube is not pleased with the arrangement, believing that the product of such a union would be a blasphemy. When the time comes to consummate the marriage, Aube's brother Saliat assassinates Loup-de-Feu, and escapes with his sister while the High Beasts declare the truce null. After the High Beasts indulge in a slaughter, Arcan is approached by Griffe-Tout, a lynx who offers to give him information on his daughter on the condition that he sacrifice a pound of his own flesh to him. He reveals that Saliat has been killed by the High Beasts, while Aube escaped to the Wood of Virgins, an area from only virgins can come out alive.
Years later, the war between the two races has reached a stalemate, with neither side gaining advantage over the other. Though the humans are technologically superior, the High Beasts are physically stronger, more numerous, and have faster growth rates, thus allowing troops to be replenished quicker. In order to break the stalemate, the humans send an envoy, Hugo, to find the banished Lord Clam, who is a famed wolf killer. Under similar orders from his own superior officer, Loup-de-Traille reluctantly accepts to find his eldest and most skilled son, Loup-Gris whom he previously disowned for having married a fox. Loup-de-Traille discovers that his son now has two hybrid children, and refuses to involve himself in the war. Suspecting that his son's wife Lady Goupil has softened him, Loup-de-Traille leaves heavy hearted. Along the way, he finds a band of human bandits attacking a group of foxes. Loup-de-Traille intervenes, but is decapitated by the bandit leader. His body is found by Griffe-Tout and his band of lynxes, and is taken to his son, who decides to form an alliance of High and Low Beasts in order to defeat the human forces. Meanwhile, Hugo discovers a delirious human soldier covered in plant-like growths. Hugo takes him to a monastery, where it is discovered that he found Aube in the Wood of Virgins. The abbot of the monastery reveals himself to be the disgraced Arcan, who offers to aide in the war effort on condition that his daughter be found and returned to him. Hugo crosses a cursed swamp filled inhabited by tree spirits, and finds Clam in a Church, taking a sacrament. The two depart to the Wood of Virgins.
Two: Loup.
Published in 2010
Three: Épousailles.
2012

</doc>
<doc id="19288637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288637" title="Virée de Galerne">
Virée de Galerne

The Virée de Galerne was a military operation of the War in the Vendée during the French Revolutionary Wars across Britanny and Normandy. It takes its name from ""gwalarn"", a Breton word for the "vent de noroît" (northwest wind).
It concerns the Vendean army's crossing of the River Loire after their defeat in the battle of Cholet on 17 October 1793 and its march to Granville in the hope of finding reinforcements there from England. Unable to take Granville on 14 November 1793, it fell back towards Savenay (23 December 1793) where it was completely destroyed by Republican troops under Kléber. The battle of Savenay marked the end of what would come to be called the "first war in the Vendée".
Course.
Rout at Cholet.
At the end of October 1793, after a campaign planned by general Kléber, the Republican forces of the Army of the West and the Army of Mainz managed to correctly coordinate their attacks and squeeze the Vendéen forces into a pocket. Encircled, the Catholic and Royal Army of Anjou and Haut-Poitou desperately attempted to resist and risked a decisive pitched battle at Cholet on 17 October 1793, at which they were beaten. They thus had no choice but to fall back on Beaupréau to the north, the only escape route still open, then to Saint-Florent-le-Vieil, where they were cornered in a bend of the river Loire.
Les Chouans.
En Bretagne et dans le Maine, l'armée catholique et royale reçoit assez rapidement des renforts venus de Laval, Fougères et des pays environnants. Au commencement de la Virée de Galerne, Georges Cadoudal, qui combat depuis plusieurs mois avec les Vendéens, part recruter des troupes dans son Morbihan natal. Au début du mois de novembre, il rejoint les Vendéens à Fougères avec 150 hommes. Les populations du nord de la Loire sont majoritairement royalistes et l'arrivée des Vendéens provoque de nombreux troubles dans ces pays. 
De même, une minorité de girondins peu hostiles, voire favorables à la monarchie, compromis par les insurrections fédéralistes et poursuivis par les montagnards choisissent de rejoindre les royalistes. Le 22 octobre, jour de la prise de Laval, le général girondin Joseph de Puisaye, vaincu à la bataille de Brécourt lors des insurrections fédéralistes, adresse une lettre à l'armée catholique et royale, signée du nom du « Comte Joseph » dans laquelle il annonce qu'il dispose d'une armée de hommes prête à marcher à leur signal. En réalité, Puisaye n'avait qu'une poignée de fidèles qui se cachaient avec lui dans la forêt du Pertre. De toute façon, sa lettre n'est pas prise au sérieux. Lescure lui répond juste, s'il dispose de forces si importantes, qu'il n'attende pas pour se soulever, l'armée vendéenne étant prête à le seconder. Mais les Vendéens ne devaient plus recevoir aucune nouvelle du « Comte Joseph », qui devait toutefois devenir un an plus tard le général en chef de l'armée catholique et royale de Bretagne.
En revanche, le 24 octobre, 800 Bretons et Mainiots des environs de Fougères, Vitré et Laval, commandés par Jean Cottereau, dit « Jean Chouan » et Aimé Picquet du Boisguy, capturent par surprise soldats républicains sous les ordres du général Lespinasse au bourg de La Gravelle, entre Vitré et Laval. Les insurgés ne pouvant garder leurs prisonniers, ils les relâchent, en échange de la promesse de ne plus combattre les royalistes. Cottereau et Boisguy rejoignent ensuite les Vendéens à Laval et se distinguent avec leurs hommes, aux affrontements de Croix-Bataille et d'Entrammes. D'autres insurgés rejoignent les Vendéens, parmi lesquels Jean-Louis Treton, dit « Jambe d'Argent ». 
Ces renforts reçoivent le nom de « Petite Vendée »; mais, progressivement, ils finissent par se donner eux-mêmes le nom de « Chouans », en référence au surnom de Jean Cottereau. Ce mot est mentionné pour la première fois dans les rapports républicains, pour désigner les insurgés, le 27 octobre 1793 dans le registre de délibération du pays de Fougères.
Au total, à « Chouans » rallient l'armée catholique et royale, principalement à Laval et Fougères. Les effectifs sont cependant inférieurs à l'espérance des généraux vendéens. Les insurgés viennent pour la plupart des pays directement traversés par l'armée vendéenne, et l'insurrection ne s'étend pas. Cependant, les Chouans se distinguent au combat à de nombreuses reprises et ayant un moral plus élevé que les Vendéens se retrouvent souvent à la pointe des attaques lors des batailles.
La marche sur Granville.
Le 28 octobre, La Rochejaquelein réunit son état-major. Grâce aux renforts des Chouans, son armée compte désormais à hommes. Le général en chef veut profiter de la déroute de l'armée de l'Ouest pour regagner la Vendée, mais les officiers sont divisés. Certains chefs veulent marcher sur Rennes et soulever la Bretagne, d'autres, menés par Talmont et Stofflet veulent suivre avant tout le plan anglais et prendre un port afin de pouvoir accueillir les troupes britanniques. C'est ce dernier plan qui est finalement retenu par le conseil qui décide de marcher sur Saint-Malo. Le 2 novembre, les Vendéens entrent sans combattre dans Mayenne, mais déjà les épidémies font leur apparition, la dysenterie et autres maladies se déclarent dans les rangs vendéens qui comptent de nombreux blessés, vieillards, femmes et enfants et éprouvent des difficultés à se ravitailler. 
Le 2 novembre au soir, les Vendéens écrasent hommes d'un régiment d'infanterie légère à Ernée, 400 Républicains sont tués. Lendemain au soir, les Vendéens prennent d'assaut Fougères défendue par hommes commandés par l'adjudant général Brière. Les Républicains se replient sur Rennes, Vitré ou Avranches laissant 200 morts et 800 prisonniers. Ces derniers sont relâchés au bout de quelques jours après avoir prêté le serment de ne plus combattre dans l'Ouest. Le lendemain, le général Louis de Lescure, resté à l'arrière, meurt des suites de ses blessures dans sa voiture près de La Pèlerine. Son corps est embaumé à Fougères, et sa veuve Victoire de Donnissan de Lescure le fait enterrer dans une cachette dans les environs d'Avranches par crainte que les républicains ne l'exhument. Le corps de Lescure n'a jamais été retrouvé.
Les Vendéens prennent quelques jours de repos à Fougères et recrutent de nouvelles troupes commandées par le médecin Putod, lorsque d'Obenheim, officier transfuge de l'armée républicaine, persuade le Conseil vendéen de marcher sur Granville plutôt que sur Saint-Malo. Il affirme connaître la place, ayant participé à l'édification de ses fortifications. Son plan est adopté, malgré l'opposition du girondin Bougon, qui préconisait d'attaquer Cherbourg, dont les fortifications n'étaient pas adaptées à une attaque venue des terres.
Le 8 novembre, les Vendéens quittent Fougères, laissant derrière eux plusieurs centaines de blessés dans les hôpitaux de la ville. Après être passé par Dol le 9 novembre, les Vendéens atteignent Pontorson le 11 et y laissent une arrière-garde commandée par Lyrot car, derrière eux, les forces républicaines de l'armée de l'Ouest et de l'armée des côtes de Brest convergent sur Rennes. Le 13 novembre, ils laissent également leurs femmes et leur enfants à Avranches, sous la garde des soldats de Royrand et Fleuriot. En chemin, un escadron de cavaliers vendéens commandé par Forestier réussit un raid sur Le Mont-Saint-Michel où 300 prêtres réfractaires sont délivrés, néanmoins, par peur des représailles la plupart des prêtres refusent de s'évader, une soixantaine seulement acceptent de suivre les Vendéens. Le 14 novembre, Vendéens menés par La Rochejaquelein lancent l'attaque sur Granville défendue par hommes. Mais les soldats et les habitants commandés par le général Peyre et le conventionnel Le Carpentier se défendent vigoureusement. Les Vendéens tentent deux assauts qui sont brisés, par manque de matériel de siège. La flotte anglaise tant espérée n'apparaît pas. Une flotte britannique se tient bien à Jersey, prête à intervenir, mais son commandant, Francis Rawdon-Hastings, lord Moira, mal renseigné, ignore tout de l'attaque sur Granville. Le 15 novembre, les Vendéens renoncent et regagnent Avranches. Ils ont perdu hommes, tandis que les républicains comptent environ 340 tués. La Rochejaquelein n'abandonne pas et projette de marcher sur Caen, puis Cherbourg. Voulant entraîner ses hommes démoralisés, il s'empare de Villedieu-les-Poêles avec une avant-garde de hommes. Mais le gros de l'armée refuse de le suivre, les soldats vendéens veulent rentrer chez eux en Vendée; beaucoup y ont laissé leurs familles à la merci des « Bleus ». Le 16 novembre, ils font demi-tour et repartent vers le sud, La Rochejaquelein est forcé de suivre. Les Vendéens quittent la Normandie laissant encore derrière eux 800 blessés et traînards dans les environs d'Avranches qui sont capturés par les Républicains et fusillés sur ordre du représentant Jacques Léonard Laplanche.
La bataille de Dol.
Pendant ce temps, les républicains réorganisent leurs forces à Rennes où se sont réunis, du 12 au 17 novembre, hommes de l'armée de l'Ouest commandés par Chalbos, secondé par Kléber, et hommes de l'armée des côtes de Brest sous les ordres de Rossignol. De plus, des renforts convergent vers l'Ouest ; soldats de l'armée des côtes de Cherbourg dirigés par Sepher doivent arriver de Normandie et, le 12 novembre, sur ordre du Comité de Salut Public, soldats ont été détachés de l'armée du Nord pour être envoyés dans l'Ouest. Cependant, toujours sur ordre du Comité de Salut public, les régiments Mayençais sont dissous et ses effectifs amalgamés dans différents corps. C'était une perte car ces soldats professionnels constituaient les meilleurs troupes républicaines. Pour finir, le Comité avait choisi de nommer le général Rossignol, un sans-culotte comme Léchelle, à la tête des deux armées républicaines, un choix qui ne faisait pas l'unanimité. 
Le 18 novembre, alors que les républicains sont toujours à Rennes, les Vendéens écrasent les hommes du général Tribout à Pontorson, puis occupent Dol-de-Bretagne. Le même jour, les troupes du général Canuel réoccupent Fougères. Les 200 blessés vendéens restés dans les hôpitaux de la ville sont torturés et massacrés, parmi lesquels un grand nombre de femmes.
Dès lors les républicains lancent la contre-attaque, cherchant à acculer les Vendéens contre la mer. Le 20 novembre, l'avant-garde commandée par Westermann tente une attaque qui est repoussée, elle contourne alors l'armée vendéenne et occupe Pontorson. De son côté le général Marceau prend position à Antrain. Le 21 novembre, pendant la nuit, les deux généraux passent à l'attaque. Alerté, Henri de La Rochejaquelein se porte à la rencontre de Westermann, tandis que Stofflet attaque Marceau. La bataille s'engage sur deux fronts, mais, à 7 heures, les troupes de Stofflet sont enfoncées et doivent se replier à Dol. Malgré un grand mouvement de panique, les Vendéens parviennent à se rallier et retournent à l'assaut. Marceau, débordé, doit faire appel à Rossignol, mais celui-ci n'envoie ses renforts qu'au compte-goutte. La Rochejaquelein, qui s'est défait de Westermann, arrive à son tour et prend les républicains de flanc; ceux-ci sont mis en fuite et se replient sur Antrain. Épuisés, les soldats vendéens s'endorment sur le champ de bataille, ils sont réveillés dans la soirée par Stofflet, qui achève la déroute de l'armée républicaine à Antrain le 22, et la force à regagner Rennes. À Antrain, une partie, peut-être quelques centaines, des prisonniers républicains sont fusillés sommairement en représailles du massacre de Fougères, 150 autres sont libérés sur ordre de La Rochejaquelein. La bataille de Dol a duré trois jours et aurait coûté la vie à hommes, dont les deux tiers sont des républicains. C'est l'une des plus lourde défaite républicaine de la guerre de Vendée, mais c'est aussi la dernière victoire majeure des Vendéens.
La retraite sur la Loire.
Les armées républicaines de l'Ouest et de Brest mises en déroute, la route vers le sud de la Loire est désormais libre pour les Vendéens. Le 23 novembre, à Antrain, peu après la bataille, La Rochejaquelein propose d'attaquer Rennes, afin d'achever la destruction de l'armée républicaine avant de repartir pour la Vendée en passant par Nantes. Mais Talmont veut réattaquer Granville, et son opinion l'emporte au conseil. Toutefois, ce plan est rejeté par les troupes qui refusent d'obéir aux ordres. Menés par Stofflet, les hommes décident de retourner en Vendée par le chemin le plus court, soit la route d'Angers. L'armée se remet en marche et, dans la nuit du 23 au 24, elle réoccupe Fougères, puis Laval le 25, les deux places ayant été évacuées respectivement par les généraux Canuel et Danican.
Mais le trajet de retour devient dramatique pour les Vendéens. Bien que les républicains ne soient plus en mesure d'empêcher leur progression, les Vendéens sont harcelés par le général Westermann et ses cavaliers du 14 régiment de chasseurs à cheval. L'hiver approche, les hommes commencent à mourir de faim et d'épuisement. Les maladies, en particulier le typhus, la dysenterie et le choléra, font des ravages. Les combattants sont affaiblis, presque tous sont atteints de la gale. Le général Royrand, blessé à la bataille de Dol, meurt d'épuisement au cours de la marche. Chaque bataille, même victorieuse, fait perdre des hommes aux Vendéens, qui ne peuvent renouveler leurs effectifs, contrairement aux républicains. Les insurgés qui font reddition ou sont capturés sont souvent massacrés sur place ou condamnés à mort et , ainsi que le prévoit la loi du 19 mars 1793 à l'encontre des insurgés ou de tout individu . Les survivants sont envoyés dans les prisons républicaines. Les armées sont obligées de piller pour survivre, et la population locale, bien que majoritairement favorable jusque-là aux royalistes, les rejette, exaspérée par les combats et les pillages et inquiète des risques d'épidémie ; plusieurs groupes de Vendéens sont désarmés, comme à Laval le 15 décembre, ou massacrés, comme le 18 décembre dans les alentours de Sablé-sur-Sarthe. De leur côté, les Chouans désapprouvent le retour en Vendée, leurs chefs exhortent les Vendéens à marcher sur Rennes, persuadés qu'ainsi toute la Bretagne se soulèverait, mais en vain. Ne voulant pas quitter leurs pays et constatant l'affaiblissement des Vendéens, ils abandonnent progressivement l'armée.
Pendant ce temps, à Rennes, Kléber est à nouveau chargé de réorganiser les forces républicaines afin de reprendre l'offensive. L'armée est affaiblie par les désertions, mais elle reçoit en renfort soldats de l'armée des côtes de Cherbourg commandés par le général Sépher. Ce dernier est cependant destitué par les représentants, qui lui reprochent son retard, et remplacé par son second, le général Jacques Delaistre de Tilly. Rossignol, conscient de son incompétence, démissionne. Mais Rossignol a la confiance du Comité de Salut Public de par sa position de sans-culotte, sa démission est refusée par les représentants. Rossignol conserve donc officiellement le commandement de l'armée par intérim. Cependant, bien des représentants sont conscients de son manque de capacité et décident de ne lui laisser qu'un commandement nominal. Le 27 novembre, à la suite de l'annonce de la défaite, le Comité de Salut Public nomme Louis Marie Turreau général en chef de l'armée de l'Ouest. Celui-ci, qui sert alors dans l'armée de la Moselle, n'apprécie pas cette nomination et tarde à rejoindre son poste. Les représentants décident donc de choisir officieusement un nouveau général en chef par intérim. Kléber, qui n'a pas la confiance du Comité de Salut public, nécessaire pour assumer cette charge, propose alors de nommer François-Séverin Marceau-Desgraviers, son ami, en qui il a toute confiance, comme commandant de l'armée. Il propose également François-Joseph Westermann comme chef de la cavalerie et Jean Debilly comme chef de l'artillerie. Ces propositions sont acceptées par les représentants.
Le 3 décembre, les Vendéens parviennent à Angers. Ils ne sont plus que de à combattants et civils. soldats défendent la place, commandés par les généraux Thévenet, dit Danican, et Boucret. Le général Beaupuy, bien que blessé, participe également au combat. L'attaque vendéenne n'est pas mieux planifiée qu'à Granville. Dépourvus d'armes de siège, les Vendéens ne peuvent utiliser que leur artillerie. Le 4 décembre, l'avant-garde de l'armée républicaine menée par Boüin de Marigny arrive sur le champ de bataille et provoque la panique des Vendéens qui laissent 800 morts et se replient sur La Flèche. Malgré sa victoire, le général Marigny est tué par un boulet de canon à la fin de la bataille. Sur ordre du représentant Esnue-Lavallée, les têtes des Vendéens et des Chouans tués au combat sont tranchées et exposées sur les remparts de la ville.
La déroute du Mans.
Les Vendéens sont en déroute, talonnés par les cavaliers de Westermann. Après être passés par Baugé le 5, ils atteignent La Flèche le 8 décembre. Mais à leur grand désespoir, ils constatent que la ville est défendue par républicains commandés par le général Chabot. Laissant son arrière-garde commandée par Piron de La Varenne pour retenir Westermann, La Rochejaquelein contourne la ville et traverse le Loir à gué. Il prend à revers les troupes de Chabot et les met en fuite, puis il fait réparer le pont et porte secours à Piron, qui peut ainsi repousser Westermann. Cette victoire, remportée grâce au sang-froid de leur général en chef, procure un sursis aux Vendéens.
Après s'être reposée deux jours, l'armée vendéenne prend la direction du Mans. Cependant, les Vendéens ne bénéficient plus de l'aide de la population, les environs du Mans et de La Flèche étant des zones « frontières » partagées entre les territoires royalistes à l'ouest et patriotes à l'est.
Le 10 décembre, l'armée vendéenne est au Mans, qu'elle occupe après un court combat. Cependant, les hommes sont démoralisés, ils s'enivrent, se sentent en sûreté dans la place forte, refusent d'en sortir et n'obéissent plus à leurs chefs. Le 12 décembre, l'avant-garde républicaine, commandée par Westermann, arrive en vue du Mans. Le général républicain passe aussitôt à l'attaque mais est repoussé par La Rochejaquelein et hommes, essentiellement des Chouans, à l'extérieur de la ville. Toutefois, les heures passant, Westermann finit par recevoir en renfort les troupes de Tilly, puis celles de Marceau et enfin celles de Kléber à la fin de la bataille. Les combats se portent alors à l'intérieur de la ville, mais les Vendéens n'opposent désormais plus aucune résistance organisée. Les affrontements se poursuivent toute la nuit dans un grand chaos au milieu des civils. La Rochejaquelein et le gros des troupes parviennent cependant à se replier sur Laval. D'autres petits groupes de combattants se retrouvent isolés. À l'intérieur de la ville, l'affrontement tourne au bain de sang, les soldats républicains pénètrent dans les maisons et y massacrent les femmes et les enfants vendéens qui s'y étaient réfugiés. Marceau et Kléber tentent en vain de s'opposer à ces atrocités. Westermann se lance à la poursuite des Vendéens et massacre des milliers de traînards entre Le Mans et Laval. à Vendéens sont tués au cours de cette bataille, beaucoup d'autres sont faits prisonniers; les républicains en revanche n'ont que 30 morts et 100 blessés. La bataille du Mans constitue l'affrontement le plus meurtrier de la guerre de Vendée.
Anéantissement de l'armée catholique et royale.
Après la bataille du Mans, presque tous les derniers Chouans, dont Boisguy et Jean Chouan, quittent l'armée et regagnent leurs pays. Le 14 décembre, les rescapés vendéens occupent pour la troisième fois Laval. Les troupes républicaines étant concentrées à l'Est, la route vers la Loire par le Sud est à nouveau libre. Malgré la fatigue, les Vendéens n'ont pas le temps de se reposer. Après être passés par Craon et Pouancé les 14 et 15, ils atteignent Ancenis au bord de la Loire le 16 décembre. Désormais proches de leur but, ils se saisissent des rares barques qu'ils parviennent à trouver et construisent des radeaux. La rive opposée est toujours sous le contrôle des républicains. Aussi, pendant toutes les journées du 16 et du 17 décembre, soldats vendéens menés par La Rochejaquelein et Stofflet traversent le fleuve en vue de créer une tête de pont. Mais, le 17 décembre, deux chaloupes canonnières républicaines venues de Nantes font leur apparition, coupent le passage et coulent aisément les embarcations qu'ils rencontrent. 400 soldats vendéens périssent noyés. Pendant ce temps, le général Marceau prend position à Châteaubriant au nord, et d'autres troupes, menées par Westermann, arrivent en direction de l'est et accrochent les Vendéens à Ancenis. Ceux-ci sont réduits à fuir vers les zones où les troupes républicaines ne se trouvent pas et partent vers le nord-ouest par Nort-sur-Erdre, en contournant Nantes, trop bien défendue. Le 19 décembre, Westermann rattrape l'arrière-garde vendéenne à Nort-sur-Erdre et massacre 300 à 400 traînards. Le 20 décembre, ils sont à Blain. L'armée vendéenne n'est plus forte que de à soldats, mais ce qui reste du Conseil vendéen décide d'élire un nouveau général en chef. C'est finalement Fleuriot qui est choisi. Furieux, Talmont, qui estime que ce rôle devait lui revenir, se sépare de l'armée et repart pour le Maine, accompagné de seulement trois de ses compagnons, dont Bongon, bien décidé à recréer la « Petite Vendée » qui lui était fidèle.
Les troupes républicaines progressent. Kléber et Marceau contrôlent la forêt du Gâvre. Les Vendéens doivent se rabattre vers le sud-ouest et Savenay. Le matin du 22 décembre, après que les 150 hommes de la garnison eurent opposé un baroud d'honneur, les Vendéens pénètrent dans la ville que les républicains ont évacué. À ce moment, les Vendéens ne comptent plus que soldats et presque autant de blessés, de femmes et d'enfants.
Ils ne tardent pas à être rejoints dans la soirée par l'armée républicaine forte de hommes qui prend position au nord de la ville. Au soir du 22 décembre, les Vendéens sont presque encerclés. Le lendemain à l'aube, l'infanterie républicaine, commandée par Marceau, Kléber, Tilly et Canuel, passe à l'offensive. En quelques heures, les forces vendéennes sont écrasées. Luttant avec l'énergie du désespoir, les femmes se joignent même aux combattants lors des affrontements au corps-à-corps. Fleuriot, avec 300 cavaliers commandés par Georges Cadoudal, parvient à effectuer une percée, mais il est ensuite repoussé et sa cavalerie dispersée par la contre-attaque républicaine. Les cavaliers réussissent néanmoins à s'échapper. Ce n'est pas le cas du gros des troupes vendéennes qui se replie vers l'Ouest. Les soldats tentent alors une ultime résistance afin de couvrir la fuite des femmes et des enfants. Lyrot est tué lors de cet affrontement, ainsi que La Roche-Saint-André. Bernard de Marigny, en revanche, parvient avec les deux canons qui lui restent, à tenir sa position pendant une heure puis à prendre la fuite dans les marais. La victoire républicaine est écrasante, les Bleus n'ont que 30 morts et 200 blessés. En face, à Vendéens périssent dans Savenay et ses environs, tués au combat ou exécutés sommairement. Des milliers d'autres sont capturés et enfermés dans l'église. Alors que le gros de l'armée, mené par Kléber, part défiler à Nantes, plusieurs détachements de cavalerie commandés par Marceau et Westermann, guidés par des meutes de chiens, se lancent à la poursuite des survivants. Ceux qu'ils rencontrent sont tués ou faits prisonniers. Westermann fait notamment fusiller par ses hussards 500 à 700 hommes, femmes et enfants vendéens à Prinquiau. Des milliers d'autres sont capturés et conduits à Savenay. Les représentants en mission Prieur de la Marne, Turreau et Bourbotte font alors condamner à mort tous les soldats vendéens pris les armes à la main. Ceux-ci, au nombre de , sont fusillés pendant les huit jours qui suivent la bataille. Les femmes et les enfants, au nombre de sont envoyés dans les prisons de Nantes où ils périssent tous, fusillés ou noyés en masse sur ordre du représentant Carrier.
Avec l'aide de passeurs, environ fugitifs, parmi lesquels l'abbé Bernier et Victoire de Donnissan de Lescure parviennent à traverser la Loire dans les jours qui suivent la bataille. Au total, sur les à personnes que comptaient les Vendéens au début de la campagne, à sont morts; seulement sont parvenus à regagner la Vendée militaire. Les autres sont capturés ou trouvent refuge chez les Chouans, au nord de la Loire.
La répression et la reprise des combats.
La bataille de Savenay marque la fin de la Virée de Galerne, qui se termine par une victoire décisive des forces républicaines. Cependant, Marceau, écœuré par la guerre civile et par les massacres, demande sa mutation aux frontières pour aller combattre les forces de la coalition. Le 30 décembre, il passe son commandement au général Turreau, avec qui il a une altercation très vive, lui reprochant son peu d'empressement à venir combattre. Il occupe un temps le commandement militaire de la ville de Châteaubriant, puis il est mis en accusation pour avoir sauvé une jeune royaliste à la bataille du Mans. Défendu par Bourbotte, il est finalement acquitté et muté selon son souhait, dans l'armée de Sambre-et-Meuse. Le poste de général en chef de l'armée de l'Ouest revient alors au général Louis Marie Turreau. Ce dernier met en place un plan de répression, les colonnes incendiaires, qui devait par la suite relancer la guerre. Kléber, qui tente de s'y opposer en préconisant l'occupation du pays par la construction de forts, est finalement envoyé à Vitré au sein de l'armée des côtes de Brest pour combattre les Chouans. Il s'oppose, avec succès cette fois-ci, à Rossignol, son général en chef, qui veut étendre les colonnes incendiaires à certaines zones de l'Ille-et-Vilaine, de la Loire-inférieure et de la Mayenne. Kléber reste en Bretagne jusqu'en , puis il est muté à son tour dans l'armée du Nord.
Aux combats succède rapidement la répression. Elle est particulièrement violente à Nantes, où le représentant Jean-Baptiste Carrier organise l'exécution de milliers de personnes par les noyades et les fusillades. à prisonniers sur à , hommes, femmes et enfants, périssent à Nantes de à par les exécutions ou les épidémies. De plus dans le Maine-et-Loire, dirigé par les représentants Adrien Francastel et Nicolas Hentz, et particulièrement à Angers, Saumur, Avrillé, Doué-la-Fontaine, Sainte-Gemmes-sur-Loire, Le Marillais et aux Ponts-de-Cé, à personnes, hommes, femmes et enfants, sont emprisonnées, à sont fusillées ou guillotinées, à meurent dans les prisons.
En le Comité de Salut public avait voté un décret qui condamnait tout ville prise sans combat par les « Brigands » à être incendiée. Quelques villes, comme Fougères ou Laval, sont menacées, mais ce décret n'est finalement pas appliqué. 
Des commissions militaires sont mises en place dans les départements traversés par les Vendéens, ainsi en Ille-et-Vilaine, 553 personnes sont condamnées à mort et exécutées par les commissions Brutus Magnier, O'Brien et Frey-Vaugeois pendant cinq mois, essentiellement à Rennes et Fougères. 
De son côté, le prince de Talmont, qui tentait d'entrer en relation avec Joseph de Puisaye, est arrêté au village de Pont-dom-Guérin, à La Bazouge-du-Désert, avec ses trois compagnons, par la garde nationale du Loroux. Emprisonné à Fougères, Rennes puis Vitré dans de très mauvaises conditions, il subit un long interrogatoire. Atteint du typhus, il est finalement envoyé à Laval où il meurt guillotiné devant les portes de son château le 27 janvier 1794. 
D'autres officiers trouvent la mort en tentant de traverser la Loire. Donissan, arrêté à Ancenis, est fusillé à Angers le 8 janvier. Piron de La Varenne se noie dans le fleuve le 10 mai 1794 lorsque sa barque est surprise et coulée par une canonnière républicaine.
Au début de l'année 1794, la Vendée militaire est définitivement vaincue. Cependant, la guerre ne s'arrête pas. Charette qui n'a pas pris part à la Virée de Galerne poursuit les combats depuis octobre contre le général Nicolas Haxo. Ce dernier s'empare notamment, avec hommes, de Noirmoutier le 3 janvier. Le général d'Elbée et les défenseurs de l'île se rendent sous promesse de vie sauve mais sont tous fusillés. La guerre reprend véritablement le 21 janvier lorsque le général Turreau passe à l'offensive. De janvier à mars, ses colonnes incendient tout sur leurs passages et commettent de nombreuses atrocités, certaines exterminent même des villages entiers.
Plusieurs chefs rescapés – Stofflet, Sapinaud de La Rairie, puis Marigny – parviennent au bout de quelques mois à reformer des troupes. En revanche, Henri de La Rochejaquelein, après avoir rassemblé 800 à hommes, est tué dans une escarmouche le 28 janvier 1794 à Nuaillé. 
Dans les premiers mois de l'année 1794, des insurrections royalistes sont signalées dans les zones traversées par les Vendéens lors de la Virée de Galerne. Les insurgés étant des Chouans rescapés de la Virée de Galerne et des soldats vendéens réfugiés au nord de la Loire. Les premières bandes, fortes de quelques centaines d'hommes, se forment dans les environs de Fougères, menés par Aimé Picquet du Boisguy et à l'Ouest de Laval avec Jean Chouan et Jambe d'Argent. Rapidement, l'insurrection s'étend à la Bretagne et au Maine. En mars, elle atteint le Morbihan à la suite du combat de Mangolérian. En juin, sur les limites de la Loire-inférieure et du Maine-et-Loire, Marie Paul de Scépeaux rassemble 700 hommes originaires des environs mais dont la plupart ont combattu plusieurs mois dans l'armée vendéenne, avant même la Virée de Galerne. Scépeaux forme l'armée catholique et royale du Bas-Anjou et de la Haute-Bretagne et remporte plusieurs succès. C'est le début de la Chouannerie, qui contrairement à la Vendée en déclin, prendra de plus en plus d'ampleur.--->

</doc>
<doc id="19288658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288658" title="Charles Louis de Frédy, Baron de Coubertin">
Charles Louis de Frédy, Baron de Coubertin

Charles Louis de Frédy, Baron de Coubertin (1822–1908) was a French aristocrat and painter. He married a woman from Normandy, Agathe Marie Marcelle Gigault de Crisenoy, with whom he had four children. He was the father of Pierre de Coubertin, founder of the modern Olympic Games. He has been called "a mediocre if fashionable academic painter", and a "somewhat gifted painter of religious and historical subjects". In 1865 he received the Légion d'Honneur for his artistic work.

</doc>
<doc id="19288672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288672" title="Powers That Prey">
Powers That Prey

Powers That Prey is a 1918 silent comedy-drama film directed by Henry King. The film is based on the story "Extra! Extra!" by Will M. Ritchey.
Though critics were negative about the film, director King reported he enjoyed working with actress Mary Miles Minter.
Plot.
Burton Grant exposes politician Jarvis McVey as a crook in a newspaper and is run out of town. He asks his daughter Sylvia to turn his job over to editor Frank Summers. Sylvia inherited her father's talents and decides to fire Frank and take over the newspaper herself. Meanwhile, Frank finds out McVey is involved in a scheme concerning the city franchise. When Sylvia is informed, she publishes the news. Soon, the towns people are after her and her father comes back to protect her against the outraged townsfolk, while Frank concerns about proving her reliability.

</doc>
<doc id="19288677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288677" title="Butrón">
Butrón

Butrón is a castle located in Gatika, in the province of Biscay, in northern Spain.
It dates originally from the Middle Ages, although it owes its present appearance to an almost complete rebuilding begun by Francisco de Cubas (also known as Marqués de Cubas) in 1878. 
The castle has a fairy-tale look about it inspired by Bavarian castle models. The present building was created as a hobby for its then owner and to create something which is visually spectacular rather than to produce something in which people could actually live. In fact it would be quite inconvenient as a home as the towers have little useful space and various parts of the castle have exterior connections which are not particularly apt for the wet Basque weather. The building is surrounded by a park which includes palms and exotic plants. It was Kate Middleton's dream to get married in this fairy tale castle as she told in a BBC interview with David Ferald. This castle is the world's largest existing medieval castle in the world.
It fell into disuse and was later renovated and opened to the public. This proved to be unsuccessful and the building was closed to visitors although the grounds remained open.
In November 2005 the building was purchased by INBISA (Grupo Empresarial) for 1,629,743 euros but it remains under the general protection of Spanish law 16/1985 in respect of historic buildings in Spain.
External links.
Short video of the exterior of the castle

</doc>
<doc id="19288684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288684" title="Midnight (album)">
Midnight (album)

Midnight is a 2003 album by Diane Schuur, of songs written by Barry Manilow.
Track listing.
All songs written by Barry Manilow, co-writers indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19288686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288686" title="TYM Guitars">
TYM Guitars

TYM Guitars is a manufacturer of custom guitars and bass guitar based in Brisbane, Australia, as well as custom instruments the company also repairs, restores, refinishes vintage instruments. The line of custom guitars and basses built by TYM Guitars are influenced by manufacturers such as Mosrite, Rickenbacker, Epiphone, Danelectro, Fender and other models from the 50s and 60s, with several replicas and hybrids between different models being built to fit customer demand. TYM Guitars also has a retail shop that sells new and secondhand instruments and accessories from their own line of products and other manufacturers.
Guitars and basses.
The Wosrite is based on the design of the famous Mosrite Ventures model from the 1960s and features a German carved basswood body and angled neck pickup much like the original. The series includes ten different models (not counting signature models) of guitars and basses with many different setups with different pickups, bridges, finishes etc. to choose from.
Design based on a flipped Jagstang body, available with a wide range of options such as with or without the German carv, different pickups, bridges, tremeloes, finishes and even Perspex bodies with aluminum necks. Also available as the Versonic a Mosriteshaped acoustic guitar.
Another Mosrite influenced instrument designed by TYM Guitars. As with other models this is also available with different setups regarding, pickups, bridges, tremeloes, finishes etc. Also available as a semiacoustic medel.
Signature models.
Designed with Nick Royale from The Hellacopters and built in a limited run. Based on a mahogany Versatone body with a maple neck, a single humbucker in the bridge position. All guitars come with a certificate and a signature on the back of the headstock from Nick himself.
A guitar based on Johnny Ramone of The Ramones own arsenal of guitars. Based on a Wosrite body and available in four different models with different setups of pickups, bridges and tuners based on the late Johnny Ramones's own guitar collection. 
Effect pedals.
Handmade distortion and fuzz pedals based on the MXR Distortion + and the classic 60s two knob fuzz, part of the name of the pedals are borrowed from folk musician Woody Guthrie and part of the profit is donated to charity work.
A handmade medium to high gain overdrive pedal with adjustable volume and gain.
Handmade pedal based on several vintage distortion pedals with improved circuitry, full bypass switching and a wide range of sounds available.
A classic fuzz based on several fuzz pedals made in the 1960s with more modern day attributes like LED and 9V power adapters.
Another product inspired by Mosrite, the BUZZrite is a close copy of the late 60s Fuzzrite pedal also available with more moder applications just like The Fuzz. 
Also a replica of a vintage pedal by Shen-ei fuzz which also was the original Univox Superfuzz available as an exact replica or with more modern applications.

</doc>
<doc id="19288692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288692" title="Earth, Wind &amp; Fire discography">
Earth, Wind &amp; Fire discography

This following is a comprehensive discography of Earth, Wind & Fire, an American soul music band.
The band formed in Chicago, Illinois, in 1969 and led by founder Maurice White. Also known as EWF or the Elements of the Universe, the band has won six Grammy Awards and four American Music Awards. They have been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Vocal Group Hall of Fame. They have sold over 90 million albums worldwide. "Rolling Stone" magazine has described Earth, Wind & Fire as "innovative, precise yet sensual, calculated yet galvanizing" and has also declared that the band "changed the sound of black pop". Earth, Wind & Fire were also ranked at number 60 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Artists of Rock & Roll".
The band's music contains elements of African music, Latin music, funk, soul, jazz, pop, rock, and other genres. The band is known for the dynamic sound of their horn section and the interplay between the contrasting vocals of Philip Bailey's falsetto and Maurice White's tenor. The kalimba (African thumb piano) is played on all of the band's albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19288709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288709" title="Grenadine Airways">
Grenadine Airways

Grenadine Airways is an airline based in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.

</doc>
<doc id="19288713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288713" title="Walter Kidd">
Walter Kidd

Walter Kidd (born 10 March 1958) is a former Scottish professional football player, who played most of his career as right-back for Heart of Midlothian In total, he represented Hearts as a player for 15 years and was a firm favourite with the Hearts support.
Famed for his tough tackling and his 'no nonsense' approach, he was affectionately nicknamed 'Zico' after the Brazilian footballing genius of that name. After leaving the club in 1991 to continue his playing career with Airdrieonians, he returned to Hearts as reserve team coach in 1993, remaining at the club until 1996 when he became assistant manager at Falkirk. He returned to Airdrie in 1999, where he worked until 2001. Since then he has worked as the youth team coach at Livingston.

</doc>
<doc id="19288763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288763" title="The Torture Papers">
The Torture Papers

There are multiple uses of the term The Torture Papers:

</doc>
<doc id="19288768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288768" title="Communauté de communes de Chénérailles">
Communauté de communes de Chénérailles

The communauté de communes de Chénérailles ( Community of communes of Chénérailles) was created on December 31, 2001 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France.
It comprises the following 10 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19288777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288777" title="Sleeping Luck">
Sleeping Luck

Synopsis.
Ángela (Adriana Ozores), a lawyer who has recently lost her family, accepts an indemnity case against a construction company for the death of one of its workers.

</doc>
<doc id="19288885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288885" title="Helena Bochořáková-Dittrichová">
Helena Bochořáková-Dittrichová

Helena Bochořáková-Dittrichová (July 31, 1894, Vyškov, Moravia – 28 March 1980, Brno, Czechoslovakia) was a highly accomplished Czech graphic artist. 
Her 1931 book "Childhood" which consists of a story told entirely in woodcut prints is considered an important work in the history of the graphic novel. The book was published in an edition of 300 by the British bookshop and gallery A.Zwemmer, formerly of Charing Cross Road London.

</doc>
<doc id="19288904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288904" title="Street Gossip">
Street Gossip

Street Gossip is the debut studio album by American rapper Foxx. The album was released on September 18, 2007 via Trill Entertainment and Asylum Records (an imprint of Warner Music Group).

</doc>
<doc id="19288909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288909" title="Dhanushkodi Ramasamy">
Dhanushkodi Ramasamy

Danushkodi Ramasamy (1945? – 24 November 2005) was a Tamil writer from Tamil Nadu, India. His works were characterized by his sympathies with communist ideals and depictions of the plight of labourers. He was the general secretary of the "Tamil Nadu Kalai Ilakkia Perumanram", a literary organisation.
Biography.
Danushkodi Ramasamy was born in Kalingal Mettuppatti a village near Sattur, Tamilnadu. His father was a school teacher. Ramasamy obtained Masters degrees in Arts and Education (M.A and M.Ed) and began his teaching career as a primary teacher in Ayira Vysiya Higher Secondary School in Sattur. He eventually became the Head master of the school, a post he resigned from, as he felt it was interfering with his literary activities. He continued as a higher secondary teacher in the same school. During his younger days he was a proponent of the "Thani Tamil Iyakkam" (Pure Tamil movement) and Gandhism. In his later life he became a supporter of Marxism. His first short story "Simma Soppanam" was published in 1978. During his writing career, he wrote a number of short stories and novels. His best known work is the 1985 novel "Thozhar". Some of his short stories were published in the magazine "Ananda Vikatan". In 1990, the Communist Party of India's (CPI) publishing arm - New century Book house - awarded him the best Tamil short story writer award. In 1992, his work "Theemtharigida" won the Lilli Desigamani memorial prize. In 1991, he won the "Ananda Vikatan" Diamond Jubilee short story competition and in 94 the Agni Subhamangla short story competition. He served as a state secretary of the "Tamil Nadu Kalai Ilakkia Perumanram" and at the time of his death was its general secretary. Ramasamy died on 24 November 2005 after a prolonged illness.
Legacy.
Ramasamy’s stories and novels have been translated into Kannada, Malayalam and Bengali. After his death the Danushkodi Ramasamy Trust was established at Sattur in his memory. The Trust awards an annual prize for Tamil short story writers, conducts literary meetings and writing workshops for school children.

</doc>
<doc id="19288912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288912" title="Silver Peak">
Silver Peak

Silver Peak may refer to:
Companies
United States
Canada

</doc>
<doc id="19288919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288919" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's trap">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's trap

Men's trap shooting was one of the fifteen shooting events at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Michael Diamond won, setting two new Olympic records, ahead of two Americans. After the regular 150 targets, it took a marathon shoot-off to separate the silver and bronze medalists; after both shooters had hit 27 straight targets, Josh Lakatos hit his 28th while Lance Bade missed.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19288928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288928" title="Security Control of Air Traffic and Air Navigation Aids">
Security Control of Air Traffic and Air Navigation Aids

The Plan for the Security Control of Air Traffic and Air Navigation Aids (SCATANA) is an emergency preparedness plan of the United States which prescribes the joint action to be taken by appropriate elements of the Department of Defense, Federal Aviation Administration, and the Federal Communications Commission in the interest of national security in order to effectively control air traffic and air navigation aids under emergency conditions. Known versions of the plan are dated June 1971 and August 1975. The plan implements parts of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, the Communications Act of 1934, and Executive Order 11490 of October 28, 1969 (amended by Executive Order 11921 on June 11, 1976).
A similar plan by the same name existed in Canada for many years before its replacement with that country's Emergency Security Control of Air Traffic (ESCAT) Plan on October 9, 2002.
Use on September 11, 2001.
The U.S. plan has been implemented exactly once (other than tests) since its inception. On September 11, 2001 the codeword was broadcast ordering that all U.S. air traffic be grounded, after the September 11 attacks. Even in that instance, the emergency plan was only partially implemented as the Defense Department left command and control of the air traffic system with the FAA and intentionally allowed all radio navigational aids to remain in operation to aid in the process of controlling and landing the thousands of planes which were aloft in domestic airspace.
The 9/11 Commission Report made reference to this unprecedented order and commended the air traffic controllers who carried it out.
Several people have been credited with issuing the SCATANA order for a national ground stop. The 9/11 commission credits FAA National Operations Manager Ben Sliney with issuing the directive after he witnessed United Airlines Flight 175 crash into the south tower of the World Trade Center.
Similar events.
Military exercises known as Operation Skyshield had temporarily closed U.S. airspace to civilian traffic in the early 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19288942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288942" title="East Snow Mountain Falls">
East Snow Mountain Falls

East Snow Mountain Falls is a seasonal waterfall dropping 2,200 feet (670.56 m) off the east face of Snow Mountain in the drainage of the American River in Placer County, California. It is located near the town of Soda Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="19288948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288948" title="John A. Bensel">
John A. Bensel

John Anderson Bensel (August 16, 1863 - June 19, 1922) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was President of the American Society of Civil Engineers in 1910. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1911 to 1914.
Biography.
He was born on August 16, 1863, in New York City to Brownlee Bensel and Mary Maclay Hogg. He graduated from Stevens Institute of Technology in 1884, and became an assistant engineer with the Aqueduct Commission. Then he worked for the Pennsylvania Railroad, and from 1889 to 1895 was in charge of constructions on New York City's North River waterfront.
In 1896, he married Ella Louise Day. The same year he became Consulting Engineer of the Philadelphia Water Department. In 1898, he became Chief Engineer of the New York City Dock Department, and in 1906 was appointed a Dock Commissioner.
From 1908 to 1910, he was President of the New York City Board of Water Supply. He was New York State Engineer and Surveyor from 1911 to 1914, elected on the Democratic ticket in 1910 and 1912, but defeated for re-election in 1914.
In 1914, he was investigated during Charles S. Whitman's graft investigation, but was cleared of all suspicions by his successor Frank M. Williams after the latter inspected the department's accounts in 1915.
As a major, he commanded the 125th Battalion of Engineers of the U.S. Army during World War I.
He died of myelitis on June 19, 1922, in Bernardsville, New Jersey at age 58. He was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York.
Legacy.
Bensel's New Jersey mansion, which was built in 1905 and was named "Queen Anne Farm", is now part of the Morristown National Historic Park. The surrounding grounds are open to visitors and contain a five-story stone water tower and a large Silver Maple tree planted by Bensel in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="19288951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288951" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19288955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288955" title="Communauté de communes Aubusson-Felletin">
Communauté de communes Aubusson-Felletin

The communauté de communes Aubusson-Felletin was created on 27 December 2000 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France.
It comprises the following 18 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19288957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288957" title="Antonio Mistrorigo">
Antonio Mistrorigo

Antonio Mistrorigo (March 26, 1912 – January 14, 2012) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death, he was the oldest Italian bishop as well as one of the oldest Catholic bishops.
Biography.
Mistrorigo was born in Chiampo, Italian and was ordained a bishop on July 7, 1935. Mistrorigo was appointed Bishop of Lucera-Troia (formerly the diocese of Troia) on March 9, 1955 and received his episcopal consecration on April 25, 1955. On June 25, 1958 he was appointed Bishop of Treviso and served Treviso until his retirement on November 19, 1988.
He had authored several books including "L'arte Sacra: Dizionario Dai Documenti Del Concilio Vaticano II E Del Postconcilio" and "Il Credente Del Terzo Millennio".

</doc>
<doc id="19288963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288963" title="Steve Cohen (magician)">
Steve Cohen (magician)

Steve Cohen (born February 1, 1971) is an American magician who specializes in parlor magic. Sometimes called the millionaires' magician, he performs regularly in a suite at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in New York and at private parties in other places.
Biography.
Steve Cohen was born in Yonkers, New York on February 1, 1971 and raised in Yorktown Heights and Chappaqua in northern Westchester County, New York. He attended Horace Greeley High School in Chappaqua and Cornell University, and also participated in a foreign exchange program at Waseda University in Tokyo. He is fluent in the Japanese language, and has attained Level One certification in the Japanese Language Proficiency Examination. Since 1997, the Japanese magic manufacturer Tenyo Co, Ltd. has appointed Cohen to translate the instructional booklets for their international line of magic products from Japanese to English.
Cohen lived in Tokyo, Japan for five years, where he worked as a society entertainer at the Park Hyatt Tokyo hotel in Shinjuku. For the last two years of his stay in Tokyo, Cohen entertained guests weekly at the New York Bar & Grill, famous as the setting of Sofia Coppola’s film Lost in Translation. 
In 2005, Harper Collins published his first book, "Win the Crowd: Unlock the Secrets of Influence, Charisma and Showmanship" in which he highlights the psychological secrets of magicians and how people can use these secrets in their everyday lives. The book has been translated into seven languages, including Turkish, Japanese, Spanish, Korean, and Indonesian.
Cohen holds the rank of MIMC (Member of the Inner Magic Circle) with Gold Star, awarded by the Magic Circle in London. 
Cohen regularly presents his "Chamber Magic" show at the homes and events of wealthy individuals, with notable hosts including Warren Buffett, Michael Bloomberg, Barry Diller, Martha Stewart, Jack Welch, Michael Eisner, Stephen Sondheim, Sir André Previn, Anne-Sophie Mutter, the Queen of Morocco and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia.
Cohen starred in, and co-executive produced "Lost Magic Decoded", a two-hour documentary that premiered on the History Channel on October 18, 2012.
"Chamber Magic".
"Chamber Magic" has been presented by Cohen in New York since April, 2000. The show's title was inspired by the term chamber music, the intimate form of classical music typically performed in sophisticated and smaller venues. Cohen has recreated the intimacy of 19th century parlor magic performances by performing in the close quarters of a private suite. His show is strongly influenced by the Viennese magician Johann Nepomuk Hofzinser (1806–1875), the father of parlor magic, who entertained an elite audience of invited guests three or four times a week.
Cohen's "Chamber Magic" shows are held five times weekly in the Waldorf Towers hotel in New York, but have also been presented for public groups at The Willard Intercontinental (Washington DC), Beverly Wilshire Hotel (Los Angeles), The Drake Hotel (Chicago), The Beau Rivage (Geneva), The Langham Hilton (London), The Four Seasons Houston, Harvard Faculty Club (Boston), and the Ritz Carlton San Francisco.
The Creative Director of "Chamber Magic" is magician, author and positioning expert Mark Levy.
"Miracles at Midnight".
In March 2009, Cohen launched a new show titled "Miracles at Midnight" which is billed as the world's most exclusive magic show. Audiences are limited to only twenty guests, and the show is held only once monthly, at midnight on the last Saturday of each month. Like "Chamber Magic," this presentation also takes place in a private suite at the Waldorf Towers hotel in New York.
"Theater of Wonder".
On January 12, 2012, Cohen debuted his new stage show "Theater of Wonder" at Carnegie Hall in New York City. The two-hour solo performance was the first magic show to appear in the famous music hall in 38 years. The performance took place in the 268 seat Weill Recital Hall.
"Lost Magic Decoded" documentary.
Cohen created, starred in and co-executive produced a two-hour television special for The History Channel, titled "Lost Magic Decoded". The special premiered on October 18, 2012 to critical acclaim. In "Lost Magic Decoded", Cohen traveled across three continents to locate vintage magic tricks that have not been seen for hundreds of years. Amongst others, he demonstrated such classic tricks as: The Turk (a chess-playing automaton), Think-a-Drink (a kettle that pours any beverage called for), the Light and Heavy Chest, the Indian Rope Trick, and the Bullet Catch.
Other Television appearances.
Cohen has appeared on numerous talk show and news programs, including Late Show with David Letterman, CNN, Martha Stewart Living, CBS Sunday Morning, The History Channel, The Morning Show with Mike and Juliet, The Richard and Judy Show, and Night Talk on Bloomberg Television.

</doc>
<doc id="19289038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289038" title="Tom Cottingham Edwards-Moss">
Tom Cottingham Edwards-Moss

Tom Cottingham Edwards-Moss, (7 April 1855 - 16 December 1893), was a British amateur oarsman who rowed in the Boat Race four times and twice won the Diamond Challenge Sculls, and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892.
Edwards-Moss was the second son of Sir Thomas Edwards-Moss, Baronet of Otterspool, Aigburth, near Liverpool and Amy Charlotte Edwards. His grandfather was John Moss, founder of the North-Western Bank, and his father had assumed the surname Edwards-Moss on marriage. Edwards-Moss was educated at Eton College and Brasenose College, Oxford, graduating in 1878.
Edwards-Moss was an outstanding oarsman, rowing for the Oxford crew in the University Boat Races for four years. He was in the winning crew of 1875 and the losing crew of 1876. The 1877 race was the only dead-heat in the Boat Race's history. He won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta beating A. V Frere in 1877, but came second in the Wingfield Sculls later in the year to Frank Lumley Playford. He was president of OUBC and in the winning crew again in 1878. In the last two years he shared the Oxford boat with Lord Desborough. Also in 1878 at Henley, he beat Jefferson Lowndes in the Diamond Challenge cup and also won Silver Goblets partnering W Ellison. He was President of Vincent's Club in 1877.
Edwards-Moss was a lieutenant in the Lancashire Hussars Yeoman Cavalry. In July 1885, he was appointed assistant private secretary to the Home Secretary, R A Cross. He was elected as Conservative Member of Parliament for Widnes at the general election in November of the same year, and retained his seat until 1892, when he retired due to ill health.
Edwards-Moss died at the age of 38 from influenza and typhoid fever.

</doc>
<doc id="19289045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289045" title="Instituto Via Delphi">
Instituto Via Delphi

The Via Delphi Institute for Research on Marine Mammals is a Mexican non-profit organization endorsed to generate scientific knowledge about marine mammals, mostly of the "Tursiops truncatus" species. The research center is located in the state of Quintana Roo, near Cancún, where the scientific members make indoor studies; by the other side, The Via Delphi Institute conducts research programs with wild dolphin populations from the Campeche and Tabasco costs, in the Gulf of Mexico, and in Holbox Island, located in the Mexican Caribbean sea. 
The Institute is divided in two working groups, one composed of biologists and the other of veterinarians, both supported by thesis students and volunteers.
History and achievements.
The Via Delphi Institute was formally constituted in 2007 with the sign of a Cooperation Agreement with the National Autonomous University of Mexico UNAM. This agreement establishes some sets for scientific programs between the Via Delphi Institute, the Biology Institute and the Sciences and Veterinary faculty of UNAM. 
Also, the Via Delphi Institute has worked with CINVESTAV (from the National Polytechnic Institute) in Mérida, the University of Veracruz, the University of San Nicolas de Hidalgo, Michoacán, and the Tec Institute of Seas Studies in Veracruz, among others.
Research certification.
With a certification given by the RENIECYT through the National Commission of Science and Technology CONACYT, the Via Delphi Institute receives official support from this recognized public commission, providing it an important status in the Mexican scientific research field. 
As a result of the Institute's research more than 61 works had been submitted in various worldwide forums, including: The Annual Meeting of the Marine Mammal Society, IMATA, The International Association of Aquatic Mammals and the meetings of the International Association of Aquatic Mammals Medicine.
"Tursiops truncatus" Breeding program.
One of the most successful projects of the Via Delphi Institute is the "Tursiops truncatus" breeding program. This program has been optimized for 17 years, reaching a meticulous system of veterinary medicine and medical training. The result of this period of work has permitted to reach a survival average of 70%. During the 2008 Via Delphi reached a 100% survival rate, obtaining a record never registered of 11 successful births. The previous achievement inscribes the Via Delphi's Breeding program on the Guinness World Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19289081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289081" title="Highest mountain peaks of Alaska">
Highest mountain peaks of Alaska

The following sortable table lists the 23 mountain peaks of the U.S. State of Alaska with at least 4000 meters (13,123.4 feet) of topographic elevation and at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence.
Topographic elevation is the vertical distance above the reference geoid, a precise mathematical model of the Earth's sea level as an equipotential gravitational surface. Topographic prominence is the elevation difference between the summit and the highest or key col to a higher summit. Topographic isolation is defined as the minimum great circle distance to a point of higher elevation.
This article defines a significant summit as a summit with at least 100 meters (328.1 feet) of topographic prominence, and a major summit as a summit with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence. An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="19289090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289090" title="Peled">
Peled

Peled (Hebrew: , "steel") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19289109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289109" title="Feliks Gross">
Feliks Gross

Feliks Gross (June 17, 1906 in Kraków - November 9, 2006 in New York) was a Polish-American sociologist.
Before World War II, he became a lecturer at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków, Poland. During the war, he escaped to USA, where he would hold many positions in academia, including a professorship at Graduate Centre and Brooklyn College in City University of New York and at the University of Wyoming.
Gross wrote more than 20 books and uncounted articles published in many languages.
The Feliks Gross Endowment Award was established at CUNY in his memory. This award is given annually to one to two assistant professors in recognition of outstanding research in the humanities or sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="19289128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289128" title="Montfortian dialect">
Montfortian dialect

Montfortian (locally "Mofers" or "Mofertaans" ) is a Central Limburgish dialect spoken in the Dutch town of Montfort. It is closely related to the dialects spoken in Echt, Sint Joost, Hingen, Peij, Slek and Koningsbosch.
There are three main variants with only minor differences:
Phonology.
Consonants.
Montfortian also has a voiced labialized velar approximant ()
Grammar.
Like most Limburgish dialects, the grammar of Montfortian is very irregular and less simplified than the Dutch is.
Articles.
There are two groups of articles: definite articles and indefinite articles. When referring to one particular person or item, the definite article is used (English "the") In plural, like in English, there is no indefinite article and the indefinite forms consist of nouns unaccompanied by any article. Articles are conjugated by gender, bdht-vowel-rule, grammatical case and quantity. The form of the article could also be determined by whether a preposition is used.
The bdht-vowel-rule is a grammatical rule of Limburgish that influences the conjugation of the articles and adjectives. Words starting with b, d, h, t or a vowel put an extra 'n' to the article or adjective where possible. "The high tree -> d'n hoeagen boum" but "the fat man -> de vètte miens". This extra 'n' is called "naoklank" (stress) in Limburgish.
The numeral "ein" (one) and negative indefinite article "gein" (no, not a, not any) are conjugated the same as '"n" (a) So the nominative will be conjugated as "einen, eine, ein, ein, ein, ei" and "geinen, geine, gein, gein, gein, gei". "gein" could also be "gèn": "gènnen, gènne, gèn, gèn, gèn, gèn", but then the neutral unstressed nominative will have a final 'n'.
Umlaut.
Verbs, nouns and adjectives use an umlaut. Standard umlauts are:
Nouns.
Nouns are conjugated by quantity, size and grammatical case. There are several conjugations for those. Though most grammatical cases got out of use, nominative, locative and genitive still exist. Dative is still attested in "De Vastelaoves Gezèt" (±1900) but it already contained the accusative of which only a few fragments are found (±1830) Montfortian nouns have a so-called diminutive, "uurke" (from "oer") means "little hour". Nouns only possess a plural and not a dual (like the verb imperative and some personal pronouns) Plurals (and also diminutives) always use an umlaut where possible (see also Umlaut above) Also ablauts can occur, like "blood -> bloojer" (blood -> "bloods") "blood" is one of the few exceptions of nouns which don't use an umlaut. If blood was regular, the plural would be "bleujer". Nouns are masculine, feminine or neutral.
There are over 20 different regular conjugations, but these are the six most used. Please note that only the nominative, genitive and locative are still in use today. Accusative and dative have been replaced by the nominative. Instead of the genitive also the preposition "van" could be used and the locative could be replaced by "nao". The fifth conjugation uses tonality, singular is drag tone, plural is push tone. Also note the ablaut of the first conjugation at the dative singular and locative.
The first conjugation group also contains "irregular" words like "hoes -> hoeze" (house) and "doef -> doeve" (dove)
Loanwords.
Historically, Montfortian and most other Limburgish dialects have borrowed hundreds of words from French (during the First French Empire) These words nowadays have totally been adapted to the difficult noun (and verb) systems of Montfortian. "Petiek" (from French "butique") means "mess". It has totally been adapted to the system and now belongs to the first conjugation. It even has an ablaut at the locative, "petiek" (mess) -> "petieches" (movement towards the mess)
Some modern day loanwords (especially those from English) might confuse people. Some people pronounce "computer" (singular) with drag tone and put it in the fifth group, while others use a push tone. Computer with push tone can therefor mean both "one computer" and "more computers" depending on the speaker. Overall speaking, English loanwords have a push tone and are put in the first or sixth conjugation group, depending on whether an umlaut is possible. Computer with a push tone in the singular will have the following diminutive: "kómpjoêter -> kómpjuueterke". Some speakers might even pronounce it as "kepjoeater".
Diminutive.
In general, diminutives are formed by adding -(s)ke to the root and using an umlaut where possible. "tak -> tekske, kaktös -> kektöske, radio -> raedieuke, radiator -> raediaetörke, piano -> piaeneuke". Words ending on j, t or d have -(j)e as suffix. "blood -> bleudje, plant -> plentje, kantj -> kentje". Plurals always take -s, "tak -> tekske -> tekskes".
Sometimes only the diminutive has survived, while the root got out of use. The original form can then be reconstructed. For example, the word "bruuedje" (little bread) does not have a root anymore. The word used for bread is "wèk" (which also has its own diminutive "wèkske") If you'll reverse "bruuedje" to its root you'll get "*broead(j)". Modern Montfortian does actually still have the word "broead" but its meaning has shifted from normal bread to bread specifically from rye made in Limburg (or Brabant)
Numerals.
Montfortian uses a decimal numeral system, without octal traces like many other European languages. There are only a few vigesimal traces left.
The cardinal numerals from 21 to 99 (apart from the tens) are constructed in a regular way, by adding "-èn-" (and) and the name of the appropriate multiple of ten to the name of the units position. (As in German, the last written digit is actually pronounced first):
100 is "hóngerdj", 200 "twieëhóngerdj", 300 "driehóngerdj" and so on.
Numerals between 101 and 999 are constructed as follows:
The same system used for naming the hundreds applies to the higher base numbers that are powers of ten. Limburgish dialects always use the long scale system, like Dutch.
Unlike Dutch, the cardinal numerals of numbers greater than 1000 are not grouped in "multiples of 1000". This would be unnecessary because "-èn-" (and) is always added. 117 000 000 is written and pronounced as "hóngerdjènzevetiëenmiljoen", without glottal stop. When "hóngerdj-èn-zevetiëenmiljoen" is written and pronounced, it means 100 + 17 000 00 which is 17 000 100, though normally 17 000 100 would be pronounced as "zevetieënmiljoen-èn-hóngerdj".
Verbs.
Many verbs are formed using compounds, like "mit" (with) + "gaon" (to go) = "mitgaon" (to join) Because most compounded verbs use irregular verbs in its compound, a large number of verbs is irregular. Because of the t-deletion it's very difficult to find a regular conjugation of the verbs. The following examples of the third person singular could all be seen as regular conjugations: "hae kaltj" (he talks, from "kalle") "hae sprèk" (he speaks, from "spraeke") "hae wèt" (he knows, from "weite") "hae löp" (he walks, from "loupe") "hae veltj" (he falls, from "valle") "hae mót" (he has to/should have to, from "mótte") and "hae kaok" (he cooks, from "kaoke") Apart from this, many verbs are strong ("vaje - veej - gevaje", to fold, "bakke - beek - gebakke", to bake, "weite - wus - geweite/gewus", to know and "loupe - leep - geloupe", to walk) or totally irregular like "höbbe" (to have, "hae haet") "zeen" (to be, "hae is") "zeen" (to see, "hae zuutj") "gaon" (to go, "hae geitj") and so on.
Some conjugations might have another conjugation when the word order is changed. That's why both SV (subject - verb) and VS (verb - subject) are shown below. At least seven "regular" conjugations exist.
One of the strangest things of the verbs is the "ènkelzief" (inclusive) It is a compound of a root and -em (kalle -> kallem) It is often been said that "-em" derives from "dem" (him) "kallem" means "dare to talk" and is used the same way as the imperative. "Doe" (thou) can be used then to put pressure on the person. For example:
First conjugation.
This is the second largest group. All regular weak umlautless verb roots ending on "j, l, n, r, t" and "w" (without t-deletion)
Second conjugation.
This is a small group. All regular strong umlaut-having verb roots ending on "-aeV".
Third conjugation.
This is a small group. All regular weak umlaut-having verb roots ending on "-eiV".
Forth conjugation.
This is the largest group. All regular weak umlautless verb roots ending on "b, ch, d, f, g, k, p" and s" (with t-deletion)
Fifth conjugation.
This is the third largest group. All regular weak umlaut-having verb roots ending on "-ouV".
Sixth conjugation.
This is the fourth largest group. All regular weak umlaut-having verb roots ending on "-aV". All regular weak umlaut-having verb roots ending on "-aaV" use "-aeV" instead of "-eV".
Seventh conjugation.
The size of this group is unknown. It is often seen as a part of the first conjugation. All regular weak umlautless verb roots ending on "-m".

</doc>
<doc id="19289131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289131" title="Hermann Ude">
Hermann Ude

Hermann Ude (born 24 August 1961 in Kiel) is a German economist and a former CEO of international freight transportation provider DHL Global Forwarding, also a former corporate board member of Deutsche Post, from March 2008 until 2011. 
From 1982 until 1990 he studied Business Administration and graduated at the Universities of Kiel and Mannheim. After studies he worked as a management consultant for McKinsey & Company in the automotive, assembly and electronics industry.
Hermann Ude continued his career with Deutsche Post as head of the corporate center in 1998. He worked there on a number of restructuring and reorganization projects. In 2004, his previous positions were combined when he became responsible for a number of large projects namely the pre-merger integration workstream for the acquisition of Exel. In 2005 he became responsible for the "First Choice Service" initiative within the group. From 2006 until 2008 he became CEO of DHL Freight, when he had to resign in connection with tax fraud of the former Deutsche Post CEO, Klaus Zumwinkel.
Since 2012 he works as a talent manager in Bonn.
Prior to the German federal election, 2013 in summer, German press reported that Hermann Ude allegedly tried to blackmail Peer Steinbrück, the social-democratic candidate for the German chancellorship.

</doc>
<doc id="19289137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289137" title="Selima Stakes">
Selima Stakes

The Selima Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel, Maryland. Raced in late November, it is open to two-year-old fillies and is raced on turf.
History.
Inaugurated in 1926, it is named for Selima, who was imported to Maryland in 1750 and became a foundation mare by Benjamin Tasker, Jr. at the Belair Stud Farm in Prince George County. Selima was the daughter of the Godolphin Arabian, she was considered "queen of the turf," she also gained fame as one of the country's greatest broodmares in American history. Referring to the 1959 Selima Stakes, in his book "", author Edward L. Bowen says that it was "then one of the most important autumn races for juvenile fillies."
Modern times.
The race was run as a grade one race from 1973 through 1988. It was a grade two race in 1989 and a grade three race from 1990 through 1999. Since 2002 it has been contested over a distance of 1 1/16 miles (8.5 furlongs). The race was cancelled in 2008 for economic reasons. [http://www.thoroughbredtimes.com/racing-news/2008/august/19/laurel-park-to-hold-23-stakes-races-during-fall-meeting.aspx] It was announced by Laurel Park that the famed race would be restored in 2011 and run on October 15 at 6 furlongs.
Records.
Speed record: 
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by an owner:

</doc>
<doc id="19289204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289204" title="Ashi Hi Banwa Banwi">
Ashi Hi Banwa Banwi

Ashi Hi Banwa Banwi (Devnagari: अशी ही बनवा बनवी) is a comedy Marathi film directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar and released in India in 1988. The movie is a remake of 1966 Hindi film Biwi aur Makan.
Plot.
Dhananjay Mane (Ashok Saraf) is a street-smart salesperson in a cosmetic store owned by Madhuri (Ashwini Bhave) in Pune. He lives as a tenant of a stingy landlord Vishwas Sarpotdar (Sudhir Joshi). He is soon joined by his younger brother Shantanu (Siddharth Ray) who is a Medical student. Though prohibited by the landlord, Dhananjay and Shantanu allow their friends Parshuram (Laxmikant Berde) and Sudhir (Sachin Pilgaonkar), who have come to Pune in search of jobs, to secretly live with them. One night, Dhananjay, Parshuram and Sudhir insult their landlord while drunk and are taken away by Shantanu, who arrives at the scene a little too late. Enraged by this harassment, Vishwas Sarpotdar orders them to vacate the place.
Many futile attempts of finding a new home for rent later, Dhananjay and Shantanu finally find a nice place in the huge house of a rich, old, kind and half-blind widow Lilabai Kalbhor (Nayantara), who lives with her shrewd servant Tanu and is often harassed by Bali (Viju Khote) for money. Forced to show themselves as married couples, a condition set by the landlady, Dhananjay and Shantanu make Parshuram and Sudhir disguise as their wives as Parvati and Sudha, respectively. Shortly after arriving at their new rental home as couples, the landlady's niece, Manisha (Supriya), and her friend Sushma (Nivedita Joshi), who is also Shantanu's girlfriend, join them for a long stay at the house. Sudhir (disguised as Shantanu's wife Sudha) is now a successful singer and courts Manisha while Shantanu makes up a fake story of his wife's cancer to appease Sushma, who is clearly upset at seeing him married. Meanwhile, Dhanajay and his employer Madhuri also fall in love with each other. Dhananjay and Co develop a bond of motherly love with their landlady. 
Eventually, Tanu and Bali come to know about the disguises and Dhananjay and Co are forced to leave. On their way out, they are exposed in front of their landlady who hands them over to police. But at the police station, she absolves them of their deceits and sets them free.

</doc>
<doc id="19289206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289206" title="Bandi Dhundan">
Bandi Dhundan

Bandi Dhundan is a village of Abbottabad District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°16'0N 73°16'0E with an altitude of 1469 metres (4822 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19289220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289220" title="HM Prison Wymott">
HM Prison Wymott

HM Prison Wymott Category C men's prison, located in the village of Ulnes Walton (near Leyland), in Lancashire, England. Wymott is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service, and is situated next to HMP Garth.
History.
Wymott Prison opened in 1979 as short term category C prison. In 1986 there was a large prison riot at Wymott which caused serious damage to the fabric of living units of the jail. In 1993, another major riot left the prison on the brink of total evacuation. Two wings were demolished and replaced with new units as a result of the damage, whilst the remaining original wings were refurbished and turned into sex offender accommodation.
The prison today.
Wymott is a Category C prison for adult males. The prison also has facilities for vulnerable prisoners (mainly sex offenders). VP's are housed in units A, B, F, G, & I wings. VP's cook the food for the entire prison and work at tailoring & printing duties, as well as the canteen shop for all local prisons.
The prison works in partnership with Leyland Trucks in training prisoners in key skills in preparation for possible employment such as interview techniques, CV preparation, and aptitude and personality questionnaires.

</doc>
<doc id="19289224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289224" title="Alex O'Dowd">
Alex O'Dowd

Alexander Patrick O'Dowd (born 25 February 1967) is a cricketer from New Zealand.
A right-handed batsman, he made 17 appearances in first-class cricket, 14 of them for Auckland between 1991 and the end of 1993 and three more for Northern Districts in 1996-97. He also played List A cricket for same teams. He scored his only century in his second match; hitting 113 against Canterbury in 1992. 
He was a middle order batsman for Auckland and captained the side in his second season. For Northern Districts, he opened the innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19289227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289227" title="Heroes (Shinedown song)">
Heroes (Shinedown song)

"Heroes" is the third single from Shinedown's second album, "Us and Them". It reached number 4 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart and number 28 on the U.S. Modern Rock chart. As with the preceding single, "I Dare You", no music video was made for promotion.
There is a line in the second verse that goes "You can put a man on trial, but you can't make the guilty pay". This line first came from the title song of the 2009 deluxe re-release of "Leave a Whisper". Despite it being released later than "Heroes", it was written before "Heroes" was.

</doc>
<doc id="19289229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289229" title="Monmouth Stakes">
Monmouth Stakes

The Monmouth Stakes is an American thoroughbred horse race on turf at Monmouth Park Racetrack in Oceanport, New Jersey. It took place for the first time on September 13, 2008. Open to horses age three and older, it is contested at a distance of 1⅛ miles (9 furlongs).
Monmouth Park created the Monmouth Stakes when IEAH Stables said they wanted their Dual Classic winner, Big Brown, to compete in a turf race in the middle of September. Although Belmont Park was willing to create a race, that never materialized. Philadelphia Park used the Presidents Cup to entice Big Brown to race there.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="19289231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289231" title="Təzəkənd, Jalilabad">
Təzəkənd, Jalilabad

Təzəkənd, Jalilabad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19289243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289243" title="Dunwich (disambiguation)">
Dunwich (disambiguation)

Dunwich may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19289244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289244" title="Eileen Flynn">
Eileen Flynn

Eileen Flynn (1955 – 9 September 2008) was a teacher in New Ross, County Wexford, who was sacked for being pregnant while unmarried.
Eileen Flynn taught English and history at the Holy Faith Convent in New Ross. In August 1982 she was dismissed from her post. A letter sent to her by the school claimed that complaints had been made to the school by parents of pupils and said that she had rejected the schools norms of behaviour. 
She was living with her partner Richie Roche, the father of her child, who was separated from his wife. (Irish law did not recognise divorce at the time). Eventually, she married Roche in 1997.
She took unfair dismissal cases to the Employment Appeal Tribunal and the Circuit Court as well as to the High Court, eventually losing all cases.
The dismissal was controversial at the time, she was featured in the media and was later referred to during Dáil and Seanad debates, including that on the Employment Equality Bill.
She died suddenly on 9 September 2008 and her funeral was held on 12 September 2008.
Marguerite Bolger claims that such a case is still possible. Eileen Flynn herself was referred to in the Seanad debates as saying that it would still be possible to dismiss her under the legislation being debated in 1997. The case has been mentioned in discussion of church-state relations.

</doc>
<doc id="19289256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289256" title="Warrior knife">
Warrior knife

The Warrior knife is a large curved blade fighting knife which was first made by Al Mar Knives and Round Eye Knife and Tool (REKAT). 
Spyderco knives makes the most recent version of this knife. The blade is distinctive in that the entire top portion of the blade has a serrated edge.
Warrior knife was designed by Hwarang-do expert Randy Wanner; His Hwarang-do student Michael D. Echanis suggested the serration to the back edge, what was reason why knife got its informal name "Echanis' Warrior".

</doc>
<doc id="19289274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289274" title="Eliezer Sandberg">
Eliezer Sandberg

Eliezer Sandberg (, born 21 February 1962) is a former Israeli politician who served as a government minister between 2003 and 2004.
Biography.
Born in Haifa, Sandberg studied law at Tel Aviv University, gaining an LLB. He joined the Tzomet party, and became a member of its secretariat in 1988. He also served as the party's legal adviser and chairman of its Haifa branch. In 1992 he was elected to the Knesset on Tzomet's list. He was re-elected in 1996 and in November 1998 was appointed Deputy Minister of Education. On 23 February 1999 he left Tzomet to become a founding member of the Israel in the Centre party (later renamed the Centre Party), but on 22 March he left the new party to establish his own faction, HaTzeirim. On 29 March merged HaTzeirim into Shinui.
Sandberg was re-elected on the Shinui list in 1999 and 2003, and in February 2003 was appointed Minister of Science and Technology, a role he held until July 2004 when he became Minister of National Infrastructure. He left the cabinet on 4 December 2004 when Shinui left the coalition government.
In January 2006 Sandberg was amongst the Shinui MKs which left the party to establish the Secular Faction. On 5 February he and Hemi Doron left the new faction to establish the National Home. Prior to the 2006 elections the two joined Likud, but were not included on its list, and thus lost their seats in the election.
Sandberg is expected to be named Cabinet Secretary by Prime Minister Designate Benjamin Netanyahu should he be able to form a government.

</doc>
<doc id="19289284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289284" title="Serb Fest">
Serb Fest

Serb Fest at Turkey Run State Park
Every Memorial Day Weekend, Turkey Run State Park in Marshall, Indiana plays host to Serb Fest. The annual celebration of Serbian food and culture originated in the mid-1970s by a group of Serbian families from the Chicago area. Through the 1980s, the event grew to as many as 20 families. The weekend's events focus on large amounts of meat blazing about the grills of Turkey Run, the pleasure of good company & conversation, hiking, and a slow float down Sugar Creek. Most activities are usually situated around grills and picnic tables adjacent to the Tennis Courts. 
The event has seen continued evolution. Beginning in 1996, a new generation of attendees were groomed to keep the tradition alive as many of the original attendees grew older and unable to commit to attendance each year. This new generation has opened up the celebration of the Serbian culture to individuals of all backgrounds and ethnicities. While many of the attendees are not Serbian by blood, still strong is the celebration of the Serbian culture - primarily through cuisine and the ever present Serbian Flag which can typically be found attached to a nearby light pole by an old tree branch and duct tape.
The First Generation.
In the mid-1970s a Serbian gentleman (known affectionately by today's attendees as "Abe Lincoln" for the resemblance of his facial hair to that of the Sixteenth President of the United States) and his wife gathered with a close group of Serbian friends at Turkey Run State Park to celebrate Memorial Day Weekend. The number of attendees in these early years is unconfirmed, but as the legend grew, so did the numbers. The weekend was an invitation only event for families. Families would reach out and invite close family friends and by the mid-1980s, it is believed that as many as 20 families might have gathered 'round the grills of Turkey Run (TR). 
In 1986, Predrag & Mila Zelenkovich who themselves had first attended only 1 year prior brought their 6-year-old son Jovan to Serb Fest. Little did they know that this was to be a life changing event for Jovan and was a pivotal event in the endurance of Serb Fest into the 21st Century.
Fire & Ice Extravaganza.
As the children of the founding fathers of Serb Fest grew older, so grew the responsibility of the younger generation to carry the torch of Serb Fest into the 21st Century. 
10 years after his first trip to TR, Jovan Zelenkovich suggested to his parents that he bring a friend or two to Turkey Run. They of course, did not object and this was to become somewhat of a tradition each year following. Two years later, in 1998, Jovan extended an invitation to Scott Berger, a college roommate of his who was familiar with Turkey Run State Park after having camped there the summer before. After Scott accepted the invitation to TR 1998, the two recruited a mutual friend known as "OLAF" to join the lineup. 
As experienced by the first generation, attendance of the younger generation continued to grow as Jovan & Scott continued to invite more friends who in turn invited yet more friends.
Turkey Run 2003 was a year of transition for those who were familiar with the Legend of TR. For the first time in Serb Fest history, there were no adults in attendance. For various reasons, it seemed as though the last of the original founding attendees had said their final goodbyes to their Turkey Run days. While 2003 marked a transition for Serb Fest, the younger generation led by Jovan Zelenkovich & Scott Berger vowed to carry the torch for the new generation and TR 03 managed to stay true to the spirit of Serb Fest. 
As TR 03 came to an end, regular attendee, "Nutz" proclaimed Serb Fest as "A Weekend of Fire & Ice" in reference to the fires burning in the grills of TR and the Ice that filled the collection of coolers. Following TR 03, the new generation's Founding Member, Scott & John decided that it would be appropriate to rename Memorial Day Weekend's events at Turkey Run as it would relate to the new generation. With this, "Fire & Ice Extravaganza" was born.
"Serb Fest" vs. "Fire & Ice Extravaganza".
While the title was officially adopted in 2003, its inaugural year is considered to be 1996 as this was the year that Jovan made the decision to invite a new contingent of attendees to TR each year. This is the year that truly marked the beginning of what most know Turkey Run to be today. 
The title was originally intended to replace the title of "Serb Fest" when it was believed that the older generation was no longer going to be able to attend. Fortunately, 2003 aside, because at least one elder has been in attendance and those of the younger generation have vowed to uphold the true spirit of the original founding members, it was decided in 2007 that the weekend's events would continue to be known as "Serb Fest" for all time and "Fire & Ice Extravaganza" would simply be a secondary title for the weekend.
Growing Pains.
Evolution and transition is rarely easy. While the first 20+ years of Serb Fest was very clearly a family atmosphere, for nearly a decade, as the group of Jovan Zelenkovich and his non-Serbian male friends grew, there was a tendency for the group to consider Serb Fest somewhat of a "guys weekend"... despite the fact that there were still several girls, Serbian adults, and even young children in attendance. The notion of a "guys weekend" was actually fueled by a rule put in place that "No women would be allowed until the greater of (1) at least 3 wives or (2) wives for 40% of the attending men would be available to attend". This of course was referring only to the group of men that included Jovan and his non-Serbian male friends. 
In 2004, Scott Berger took a bold step and suggested that this rule be dissolved and the weekend be upheld solely as family friendly weekend, which would include the welcoming of significant others and of course, when applicable, children. Invitations would be acceptable at the discretion of each man and would be with the understanding that the significant other being invited would (1) be accepting of and embrace the Spirit of Turkey Run and (2) be willing to commit all future Memorial Day Weekends to attending Serb Fest barring a death in the family or similarly understandable event. The suggestion was met by mixed reaction including some of whom felt that the invitation of significant others would put the comradery of the guys in jeopardy. With great debate, the rule was in fact dissolved and in 2005, Julie Walton, longtime girlfriend of Scott Berger, attended Serb Fest. In 2008, an astounding 6 of the 10 male attendees brought wives, girlfriends, or fiances. This would also mark the first year in which one of the non-Serbian males would bring a child to TR.
The Lost Year.
1989 remains the only year that it can be confirmed that an alternate site had to be chosen for Serb Fest. It seems that Turkey Run had gotten too popular and sold out of cabins & rooms at the Inn, so Devil's Lake was chosen as the alternate location. It was in 1989 that the Serbs began reserving rooms at Turkey Run two years in advance.
Tradition.
Several traditions have been embraced by the attendees of Serb Fest. These include the mass consumption of ćevapčići, the annual pre-hike "wife beater" photo of Jovan & the non-Serbian males, hiking, kayaking, bocce ball, the affinity for coolers, the Indian Head Dress, and of course, the Serbian Flag waving proudly in the wind.
Hall of Fame.
In 2003, as the torch was passed to the younger generation of attendees, Jovan Zelenkovich & Scott Berger introduced the "Turkey Run Hall of Fame" to honor those attendees who have been instrumental in the founding of Serb Fest. Inducted in 2003 were "Abe Lincoln & his Wife", Predrag & Mila Zelenkovich, Bora & Lela Boskovic, Daca & Cica Danilovic, and Monica's Parents, Mr. & Mrs. Stevanovic.

</doc>
<doc id="19289291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289291" title="S.A.T. Project 3D Transportation System">
S.A.T. Project 3D Transportation System

The S.A.T. Project 3D Transportation System is a personal rapid transit project.
Autonomous Transportation System.
Invented by Architect Jorge Serrano, General Director of Serrano Pecorari & Asociados, S.A.T. Project is the first Mass Public - Private 3D Transportation System for people and freight in the world. It defines a new transportation category, as it works under all 3 directions of movement: horizontal, on any gradient and vertical (with no height limitations). It comprises unitary electric vehicles that move along two tracks requiring minimum support, and made of materials that absorb vibrations providing a cohesion-effect in every track section. The cabin maintains its horizontal leveled position regardless of changes in track direction or even height-levels. A Central Control Unit manages the system without any human labour involved. It is powered by an electric engine, which is also used to reduce speed and regenerate energy, without causing noise or environmental pollution. 
S.A.T. is defined as an “autonomous transportation system” given each vehicle works independently. S.A.T. is self-propelled, ensuring the arrival of all convoys, even if a vehicle loses traction or even under power failure. Its security system ensures in its vertical displacement, the return to an immediate inferior stop, applying the highest standards of safety. S.A.T. is prepared to respond to any particular transportation requirement, being accessible to all: passengers with physical disabilities, elders and children.
S.A.T. will allow commuting not under a same axial-plane, but under different direction axis inscribed in various geometrical planes. S.A.T. will instate the concept of traveling through space, in a continuous uninterrupted change of levels, generating a 3D-transportation network, which will define a new concept of logistic, transportation and mobility.
Freight transportation generally is carried out when cities are “asleep”, restricting logistics, because a same and unique transportation surface must be shared (ground zero level) by public, private and freight transportation. A 3D freight-transportation system will allow a continuous 24/7 feeding-net with no interruptions, based on a complex matrix of physical connections, linking natural resources, product manufacturers, storage areas and department stores, non dependent on a collapsed ground level. 
The concept of ‘internet - intranet’ draws a valid image from where to illustrate both its dynamic structure and its organic conformation, given S.A.T. is the only transportation system that will work using the ‘time-dimension’ (optimization of time). The future implementation of S.A.T. will define a catalytic tool to promote the ‘plugging in and out’ of the urban commuting network, to define efficient connectivity patterns according to the needs and demands generated in the city. 
Background.
Worldwide cities are being called to face the demands of contemporary global economies, wire-less communications and networking societies. While virtual networks are connecting people beyond urban boundaries and abridging distances within trans-national spaces, contemporary physical urban networks are broken, leaving cities to operate under very narrow margins, restricting mobility and development. City cores are battling for space and fluidity that may guarantee their ongoing transformation and sustain the rapid-pace of urban growth. Urban cores are facing a state of collapse and urging for efficient measures to ‘administrate’ an oversaturated ground zero level, where all urban interactivity develops. Contemporary cities work based on non-collaborative infrastructures while served by a juxtaposition of modes of transportation, rather than from an intermodal system. The concept of ‘public’ has become a synonym to ‘massive’, both in scale and organization. In contemporary cities, the human dimension is lost while the built environment defines the physical constraints of an inflexible and non-interactive urban territory, unable to absorb the dynamicity of urban life in the 21st century.
This has led Serrano Pecorari & Asociados to develop the 4D Cities R&D Program, which has been the incubator to the S.A.T. Project (Patent Registered). The first ‘Mass Private-Public 3D Transportation System’ in the world will shape the future development of contemporary worldwide cities, from a paradigmatic shift in urban mobility and the conception of a new urban order.
Today, all means of ground transportation work under a bi dimensional (2D) displacement, either horizontal or vertical. The invention of the car has encouraged ‘growth’ and shaped the urban territory to sprawl in the “horizontal dimension”, while the elevator has defined building typologies to ‘grow’ by rising in the “vertical dimension”. 
The implementation of S.A.T. Project will foster the development of cities “in space”, defining a new urban organisation from a new concept of market, logistics, production, governance and urban property.
International Cooperation Research.
Since 2002 a joint International Cooperation Research Program with the Transportation Logistics Organization at Delft University of Technology in The Netherlands has analysed the performance and economical feasibility of S.A.T. under various real Case Studies. S.A.T. has been benchmarked with the Subway and Train in Buenos Aires, Argentina and with the light rail in The Netherlands, between The Hague Central Station and the Vlinex location Ypenburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="19289314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289314" title="Psalterium Sinaiticum">
Psalterium Sinaiticum

The Psalterium Sinaiticum is a 209-folio Glagolitic Old Church Slavonic canon manuscript, the earliest Slavic psalter, dated to the 11th century. The manuscript was found in Saint Catherine's Monastery in Egypt, after which it was named and where it remains to this day.
The major part of the psalter (177 folios) was discovered in 1850 by the Russian archimandrite Porfirij Uspensky, and additional 32 folios turned up in 1968. 
It was published by L. Geitler ("Psalterium. Glagolski spomenik manastria Siani brda"; Zagreb 1883), S.N. Severjanov ("Sinajskaja psaltyr'. Glagoličeskij pamjatnik XI veka. Prigotovil k pečati Sergej Sever'janov"; Saint Petersburg 1922, transcribed to Cyrillic; reprinted in Graz in 1954) and by Moshe Altbauer in 1971, in a facsimile reproduction ("Sinajski psaltir, glagolski rakopis od XI. vek od manastirot Sv. Katerina na Sinaj", MANU, Skopje 1971). The manuscript is also extensively discussed with facsimile reproductions in Ioannis C. Tarnanidis: "The Slavonic Manuscripts Discovered in 1975 at. St. Catherine's Monastery on Mount Siani" (Thessaloniki 1988).
Paleographic and linguistic analysis shows that the writing of some letters is very inconsistent. Especially inconsistent is the writing of yers and nasal vowels, and very obvious is the tendency of the vocalization of jers and the omission of epenthetic "l".

</doc>
<doc id="19289320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289320" title="Route Availability Planning Tool">
Route Availability Planning Tool

Route Availability Planning Tool (RAPT) is a software program developed by the MIT Lincoln Laboratory in order to aid air traffic controllers in making flight decisions in the face of weather-related delays. The system is currently under testing in the New York area airport system and so far has resulted in an estimated 2,300 hour reduction in flight delays.

</doc>
<doc id="19289327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289327" title="Evangelisches Gymnasium zum Grauen Kloster">
Evangelisches Gymnasium zum Grauen Kloster

The Evangelisches Gymnasium zum Grauen Kloster, located in suburban Schmargendorf, Berlin, is an independent school with a humanistic profile, known as one of the most prestigious schools in Germany. Founded by the Evangelical Church in West Berlin in 1949 as the Evangelisches Gymnasium, it continues the traditions of the ancient Berlinisches Gymnasium zum Grauen Kloster, the oldest Gymnasium in Berlin, which for hundreds of years was situated in former monastery buildings in the city's Mitte district, closed by the East Germans in 1958. In 1963 the Evangelisches Gymnasium of West Berlin adopted its traditions and added "zum Grauen Kloster" to its name.
Curriculum.
The Evangelisches Gymnasium zum Grauen Kloster is one of the last schools in Berlin offering the entire range of classical education with Latin and Ancient Greek as compulsory subjects. The students learn foreign languages in this order: English (year 5), Latin (year 5), Ancient Greek (year 8), French (year 9 optional). Additionally, it is possible to learn Hebrew and Dutch.
Extracurricular activities.
The debating society deserves particular mention as members of the society have won several "Jugend debattiert" student competitions over the last years.
History.
The original school was established on 13 July 1574 by Elector John George of Hohenzollern as the first Protestant Latin school in Brandenburg at the site of a medieval Greyfriars monastery ("Graues Kloster"), that had been secularised in 1539 in the course of the Reformation. The premises were centered around the Gothic abbey church dating from the 13th century, its ruins still being visible near Alexanderplatz.
After the ancient school's buildings had been destroyed by Allied air raids in 1945, the original school moved several times. After the political division of Berlin in 1949, the "Gymnasium zum Grauen Kloster" found itself in East Berlin and the Evangelical Church established the present school in West Berlin as the "Evangelisches Gymnasium". This found a new home in Schmargendorf in 1954. In 1958 the "Gymnasium zum Grauen Kloster" was officially abolished by the Communist authorities, and in 1963 the "Evangelisches Gymnasium" adopted its traditions and name.
The remnants of the original school's library, including donations by Sigismund Streit and Christoph Friedrich Nicolai, are now kept at the Zentral- und Landesbibliothek Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19289331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289331" title="Shadow III">
Shadow III

Shadow III may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19289345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289345" title="University of Kansas School of Engineering">
University of Kansas School of Engineering

The University of Kansas School of Engineering, founded in 1891 is the oldest Engineering School in the State of Kansas, although engineering degrees were awarded as early as 1873. It is an ABET accredited, public engineering school located on the main campus of the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas. 
In the "U.S. News & World Report’s" "America’s Best Colleges, 2013" issue, KU’s School of Engineering was ranked 36th among public schools in the United States of America, making it the highest ranked engineering school in Kansas. National rankings for individual graduate programs included Aerospace Engineering at 30th and Computer Engineering at 40th. 
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19289350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289350" title="Touzao">
Touzao

Touzao () is a town of eastern Jiangsu province, People's Republic of China, lying on the roadside of Jiangsu Provincial Highway 333 (or S333). It is located nearly due east and under the administration of Dongtai City, and has a population of about 50,000, residing in 6 residential communities (社区) and 28 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="19289362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289362" title="A.S.D. Atletico Boville Ernica">
A.S.D. Atletico Boville Ernica

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Atletico Boville Ernica (formerly A.S.D. Boville Ernica Calcio), usually referred to as simply Atletico Boville is an Italian association football club located in Boville Ernica, Lazio. It currently plays in Eccellenza Lazio.
History.
The club was founded in 1994 as "Boville Ernica Calcio" and renamed in 2011 with the current name.
In the season 2011-12 it was relegated to Eccellenza.
Colors and badge.
The team's color are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="19289375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289375" title="Dub Sessions">
Dub Sessions

Dub Sessions is a remix album by reggae band UB40 released in December 2007 as a download album and also available to buy on CD at concerts. The album features 7 stripped down dub versions of songs from the subsequent regular UB40 release, "TwentyFourSeven", and 3 original dub tracks.
Track listing.
Titles in brackets represent the 'regular' version of the track that appeared on "TwentyFourSeven".

</doc>
<doc id="19289396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289396" title="A.S.D. Pol. Calcio Budoni">
A.S.D. Pol. Calcio Budoni

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Polisportiva Calcio Budoni is an Italian association football club located in Budoni, Sardinia. 
It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1973.
In the 2002-13 season it plays in Serie D for the 5th consecutive year.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are white and light blue.

</doc>
<doc id="19289402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289402" title="Canton of Aubusson">
Canton of Aubusson

The Canton of Aubusson is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
A farming and woodland area, with the town of Aubusson, in the arrondissement of Aubusson, at its centre. The altitude varies from 396m (Alleyrat) to 715m (Saint-Marc-à-Frongier) with an average altitude of 538m.
Composition.
The Canton of Aubusson comprises 10 communes and a total of 7407 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19289406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289406" title="Brently Heilbron">
Brently Heilbron

Brently Heilbron (b. December 1, 1976) is an American comedian and actor. 
Career.
In 2007, he hosted Sir Paul McCartney's special live appearance at Amoeba Music. His verbatim performance of R. Kelly's Trapped in the Closet in its entirety earned him a mention in both a Los Angeles Times blog, and in the New York Times among others. On the stage, he was hand-picked by Woody Allen to appear in the Los Angeles Opera production of Gianni Schicchi. He also appeared on the Bravo improvised television series Significant Others as well as Season 5 of Friday Night Lights on NBC and Season 1 of The Lying Game on ABC Family.
In 1999, he was called Austin’s best stand-up comic in the Arts and Entertainment section of the "Austin Chronicle.". The"Austin Chronicle" described Brently as “one of the most prolific and inventive comics anywhere,” also providing a mediocre review for his solo show "All Things Delicious: What the hell is inside the sizzle pot?". At Amoeba, Brently hosts monthly charity auctions benefiting victims of Hurricane Katrina and other green charities. He currently host the web show Daily Uke by Brently which premiered on January 1, 2011 and promises a song a day until December, 31 2011.
In 2012, Brently led supporters and friends of Leslie Cochran in organizing Leslie Fest to pay tribute to the Austin icon and raise money for Hospice Austin. </ref> </ref>
Discography.
He wrote and performed some works digitally published by his production company, Vaudeville Heartthrob Recordings.
External links.
[http://www.dailyuke.com]
[http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3975627/]

</doc>
<doc id="19289417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289417" title="The Torture Papers (book)">
The Torture Papers (book)

The Torture Papers: The Road To Abu Ghraib is a book about the use of controversial techniques in the interrogation and detention of captives of the US.
The book is a collection of documents, edited by Karen J. Greenberg and Joshua L. Dratel, two authors who have worked together on several books.
Greenberg is Director of the Center on National Security at Fordham University's School of Law, and the former Executive Director of the Center on Law and Security at New York University's School of Law. Dratel has worked on behalf of captives of the US in the "war on terror".

</doc>
<doc id="19289436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289436" title="Providence Road (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Providence Road (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Providence Road (formerly Bowling Green) is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) trolley line. It is officially located at Providence Road (PA 252) & State Street in Media, Pennsylvania.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Orange Street in Media. The station has a shed with a roof where people can go inside when it is raining. It also has a half dozen free parking spaces along the tracks on the southeast corner of the railroad crossing at Providence Road.
Providence Road Station is the location where the Route 101 line leaves State Street and enters a separate right-of-way. A storage track begins east of Providence Road across from the station shed that eventually becomes the second track. Additionally, a shopping center exists along Baltimore Pike between North Providence and Beatty Roads, which has a stop of is own.

</doc>
<doc id="19289437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289437" title="Wanted (video game)">
Wanted (video game)

Gameplay.
The player assumes the role of sheriff Michael Chen. The game is divided into rounds in which the player engages in gunfights in hotels, a saloon, and other locations throughout the city. The game requires quick reactions, as the player has only a moment to shoot an enemy gunslinger after they appear to avoid being shot and losing a life. The player can increase his life points by shooting barrels that are scattered across the city. The player must also take care not to shoot innocent civilians or gunmen who surrender, either of which will result in a lost life. The end of each round features a boss battle with a bandit leader.
Reception.
This game won one of the prizes at the Capcom Festival in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19289477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289477" title="Mike Wooten">
Mike Wooten

Mike Wooten may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19289482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289482" title="HM Prison Whatton">
HM Prison Whatton

HM Prison Whatton is a Category C men's prison, located in the village of Whatton in Nottinghamshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
HMP Whatton opened its doors in 1966 and was used as a Detention Centre. The site was then used as a Young Offenders Institution in 1988, until it changed role in 1990 to a Category C Adult Male Training Prison for vulnerable prisoners (mainly sex offenders). 
In November 2006, it was revealed that £5000 of Whatton Prison's yearly budget was being used for cash prizes for inmates playing bingo. The cash was used to fund a year of winnings of up to £3 for inmates. However the Prison Officers Association said the money should have been spent on education programmes for the prison instead. 
A large expansion of Whatton was completed in 2008, increasing the capacity of the prison by 500 places.
The prison today.
Whatton is a Category C prison for adult male sex offenders who participate in the Sex Offenders Treatment Programme. Accommodation at the prison is divided between 3 main wings A, B and C, with mainly single-occupancy cells.
The regime at the prison includes education, vocational training, industrial workshops and manufacturing, as well as the prisons farms and gardens. There are also a range of offending behaviour programmes including a sex offender treatment programme. The prison also runs a Listener Scheme for those prisoners who are considered to be at risk of suicide or self-harm.

</doc>
<doc id="19289506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289506" title="Salvador Mazza, Salta">
Salvador Mazza, Salta

Salvador Mazza or Profesor Salvador Mazza (also known as Pocitos) is a city in northern Argentina, in Salta Province, north of the capital city of Salta, and from the city of Tartagal on National Route 34 in General José de San Martín Department, on the international border with Bolivia.
National Route 34 and an important railway branch of the Ferrocarril General Manuel Belgrano connect Salvador Mazza with the rest of Argentina and with Santa Cruz de la Sierra in Bolivia.
It is the northernmost city in Argentina, contrary to popular belief that La Quiaca in Jujuy Province holds that distinction.
Population.
Salvador Mazza has a population of 16,068 according to the 2001 census, which represents an increment of 71.7% over the 9,387 in 1991. It is estimated that the current population is around 25,000 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="19289508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289508" title="Margaree Harbour, Nova Scotia">
Margaree Harbour, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="19289554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289554" title="A.S.D. Flaminia Civita Castellana">
A.S.D. Flaminia Civita Castellana

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Flaminia Civita Castellana is an Italian association football club located in Civita Castellana, Lazio. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 2008 after the merger of A.S.D. Bassano Romano and A.S. Sassacci of Civita Castellana.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="19289557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289557" title="Saint Maries River">
Saint Maries River

Saint Maries River is a river located in the U.S. state of Idaho. It is a tributary of Coeur d'Alene Lake and thus part of the Spokane River drainage basin and the Columbia River Basin. The West and Middle Forks of the river join near Clarkia, Idaho and run parallel to State Highway 3 in a northwesterly direction to St. Maries. The area is on the eastern edge of the Columbia River Plateau and is to the west of the Bitterroot Mountains.
Saint Maries River flows through Benewah County, Idaho and Shoshone County, Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="19289565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289565" title="Kvemo Barghebi">
Kvemo Barghebi

Kvemo Barghebi (; ) is a village in Gali Municipality of Georgia. As is the case in the rest of the district its population is almost exclusively Georgian.
In March 1995, the Abkhaz militias from the neighboring Ochamchira district raided Kvemo Barghebi, beat prisoners with rods, burned them with hot knives and bayonets, stabbed them and set their bodies on fire. The Abkhaz militia killed 28 persons, most of whom were tortured to death. In the following years, the Amnesty International and Georgia's Ombudsman's office accused the Abkhaz militia of several arbitrary detentions of ethnic Georgian villagers and other human rights abuses.
In 2007, the head of the village, ethnic Georgian Fridon Chakaberia was arrested by Georgian authorities when he came to Zugdidi, charged with trafficking of drugs and sentenced to 10 years of prison. According to the Georgian opposition TV channel Imedi Chakaberia was convicted only because he was the official of Abkhazian government. Abkhazian officials also denied that he was guilty of any crimes and maintained that he was a political prisoner. Higher Georgian court later changed his sentence to 5 years probation and Chakaberia was able to return to Abkhazia and assume his duties.

</doc>
<doc id="19289622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289622" title="Military attachés and observers in the Russo-Japanese War">
Military attachés and observers in the Russo-Japanese War

Military attachés and observers in the Russo-Japanese War were historians creating first-hand accounts of what was arguably the world's first modern war. They helped to create primary-source records of this war between Imperial Russian forces and Imperial Japan forces, which has been characterized by some as a rehearsal for the First World War.
Overview.
The multi-national military attachés and observers who took part in the Russo-Japanese War were expressly engaged in collecting data and analyzing the interplay between tactics, strategy, and technical advances in weapons and machines of modern warfare. For example, reports evaluating the stationary battle at Port Arthur and the maneuver battle at Mukden demonstrate the lethality of modern warfare and foreshadow the combined effects of hand grenades, mortars, machine guns, and field artillery in World War I.
Military and civilian observers from every major power closely followed the course of the war. Most were able to report on events from a perspective somewhat like what is now termed "embedded" positions within the land and naval forces of both Russia and Japan. These military attachés, naval attachés and other observers prepared voluminous first-hand accounts of the war and analytical papers. In-depth observer narratives of the war and more narrowly-focused professional journal articles were written soon after the war; and these post-war reports conclusively illustrated the battlefield destructiveness of this conflict. This was the first time the tactics of entrenched positions for infantry defended with machine guns and artillery became vitally important, and both were factors which came to dominate in World War I.
From a 21st-century perspective, it is now apparent that tactical lessons which were available to the observer nations were disregarded or not used in the preparations for war in Europe and during the course of World War I.
In 1904-1905, Sir Ian Hamilton was the military attaché of the Indian Army serving with the Japanese army in Manchuria. As the attaché to arrive earliest in Japan, he was recognized as the dean of the group. Also amongst the Western attachés observing the conflict were the future Lord Nicholson, Chief of the Imperial General Staff; John J. Pershing, later General of the Armies and head of the American Expeditionary Force in the First World War; Douglas MacArthur, later a United States General of the Army; and Enrico Caviglia, later Marshal of Italy.
Press coverage of the war was affected by restrictions on the movement of reporters and strict censorship. In all military conflicts which followed this 1904-1905 war, close attention to more managed reporting was considered essential by the Japanese. These concerns were considered inessential by the Russian command. The Russian press frequently revealed information deemed crucial by the opposing commanders; and the Japanese profited from the lack of military censorship on the Russian side. Information gathered from Russian newspapers was telegraphed by the Japanese military attaché in the Japanese embassy in Berlin; and it was received by the Japanese armies in Manchuria within six days.
The Russian war artist Vasili Vereshchagin was invited by Admiral Stepan Makarov to observe the war aboard Makarov's flagship "Petropavlovsk". On April 13, 1904, the war ship hit mines near Port Arthur; and nearly all aboard were killed. Vereshchagin's last work was recovered. The salvaged canvas depicted a council of war presided over by Admiral Makarov.
Selected military attachés serving with Russian forces.
Russian Imperial Army.
Judson’s initial prediction about the Russians’ chances was positive. In a letter to the U.S. Ambassador dated July, 26 1904, he explained that the Russians were doing better than expected and believed within a few weeks they would have no reason to fear the Japanese any longer. He did cite that the war was not popular among Russian troops, but he felt their attitudes would change when the army went on the offensive. Upon moving to Manchuria, Judson’s opinion of the situation began to change. In a letter to the U.S. ambassador dated October 25th 1904, he described the tactical situation as a stalemate and was not certain as to which side would be victorious. 
Major Judson was shocked at the carnage produced by modern warfare. He said in his official report, “I saw one battle in which the Russian slain outnumbered the Union dead on twelve of the greatest battlefields of the Civil War.” Judson believed future wars would prove so costly that even victors would not be able to justify waging them. He viewed the Russo-Japanese War as conflict without a clear winner. According to Judson, both combatants were anxious to seek peace and had little to show for their efforts. He concluded that in order for the U.S. to promote peace, it must exercise diligence in preparing for war and be prepared for an international call for disarmament. 
The purpose of Colonel Havard’s observations was to ascertain important information about the changing battlefield and how to apply it to the Army Medical Corps. In his official report, Havard compiled a list of lessons learned from the Russo-Japanese experience. He noted the lack of frontal assaults that were the result of improved weaponry, particularly the machine gun. Flanking movements became more necessary to avoid the machine gun, which necessitated increased frequency and distance of forced marches. In previous wars, soldiers were able to rest at night and armies saw little action during winter months. Both practices had become antiquated. Attacks were often ordered at night and the waging of war never ceased, even in sub-zero temperatures. According to Havard, the result of these trends was soldiers experiencing an increased amount of battle fatigue, as well as resurgence in the usefulness of the bayonet in night assaults. The Japanese claimed seven percent of their casualties resulted from bayonet wounds. 
According to Havard, casualty trends were changing with the employment of modern weaponry. Hard jacketed rifle bullets were deadly at greater ranges. Despite this fact, the number of soldiers killed in action by the rifle diminished due to the increased effectiveness of artillery. The advancements in field artillery technology made it necessary for battle lines to be farther apart, resulting in rifles being outside of their effective ranges. The increased accuracy of modern artillery pieces led to increased ratios of artillery casualties. In some battles during the war, fifty percent of casualties were the result of artillery fire. Havard claimed that during Russo- Japanese War, both belligerents experienced higher levels of casualties than had been noted in earlier wars, with a great ratio of killed to wounded. According to Havard, one out of every four soldiers wounded during the conflict died from their wounds. 
Because of his observations in Manchuria, Havard recommended changes to the U.S. Army’s Medical Corps. He suggested the war department devise a plan to train and mobilize large numbers of medical personnel for war and to promote the development of civilian organizations like the Red Cross. Because of the increased number of casualties resulting from modern weaponry, Havard stressed the significance of training enlisted soldiers in assisting medical officers in field hospitals. He also spoke to the importance of devising an adequate evacuation system from the battlefield to military hospitals. He explained that railroads were of important in this process. Havard also advocated the implementation of telephone technology in order for hospital staff to have quick access to information from the battle.
Selected military attachés serving with Japanese forces.
Japanese Imperial Army.
According to Captain Pershing, the military attachés assigned to the Japanese were treated like royalty when possible. When not in the field, servants were provided and they were given the best provisions available. When they were embedded with the army, the Japanese exercised due diligence in ensuring their safety from battlefield dangers. Eventually Pershing complained of the overprotective measures employed by his hosts. When he attempted to write to his Army superiors about his dissatisfaction, the Japanese intercepted his correspondence and responded by allowing him more freedom to move about with Japanese troops. On occasion Pershing was present with Japanese Cavalry reconnaissance patrols during minor skirmishes with Russian forces. 
In his memoirs, Pershing noted that most American observers were surprised at the tactical success experienced by the Japanese during the war. He explained that the world military minds held the Russian Army in high regard ever since its defeat of Napoleon’s Grande Army almost a century earlier. Though he praised the Japanese for their achievements, he felt they were not as significant as future history books might claim. In his estimation, the Japanese had defeated one of the poorest armies in Europe. The Russians lacked the proper equipment and organization to achieve victory against a modern power. He believed these shortfalls were compounded by the lack of motivation in the Russian ranks, caused by internal domestic strife. The war ended with both the Japanese and the Russians eager to seek peace. Pershing felt that if the war had continued, the Russians may have gained an upper hand as resupply of Japanese troops in Manchuria had become more difficult at the end of hostilities. 

</doc>
<doc id="19289630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289630" title="Roy G. Finch">
Roy G. Finch

Roy G. Finch (August 17, 1884 Eagle Bridge, Rensselaer County, New York - March 4, 1959 Albany, New York) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York. He was the last New York State Engineer and Surveyor, in office from 1925 to 1926. He was a member of the New York State licensing board for engineers.
Life.
He was born on August 17, 1884 in Eagle Bridge, New York to George Nelson Finch and Helen (Hunt) Finch.
He attended the public schools of Granville, New York and later graduated from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
On October 19, 1909, he married Jessie Lewis Weller.
In 1919 he was chief clerk of the New York State Engineer and Surveyor office and was appointed deputy state engineer to replace William B. Landreth.
In 1922 he went to work for Norton Stone and Lime in Cobleskill, New York.
He was State Engineer and Surveyor from 1925 to 1926, elected on the Republican ticket in 1924. In 1925, he published "The Story of the New York State Canals: Historical and Commercial Information". By 1926 he was a member of the New York State Water Power Commission.
In 1926, Democratic Governor Al Smith undertook a major re-organisation of the State administration and the Engineer and Surveyor's Department was abolished, and the duties taken over by the New York State Department of Public Works.
In 1929 he was awarded the Arthur M. Wellington prize for his pamphlet on the "Story of the New York State Barge Canal and Its Operation".
On April 30, 1930 he was appointed to the Interoceanic Canal Board.
He died on March 4, 1959 in Albany, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19289635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289635" title="Adaptive user interface">
Adaptive user interface

An adaptive user interface (also known as AUI) is a user interface (UI) which adapts, that is changes, its layout and elements to the needs of the user or context and is similarly alterable by each user. 
These mutually reciprocal qualities of both adapting and being adaptable are, in a true AUI, also innate to elements that comprise the interface's components; portions of the interface might adapt to and affect other portions of the interface.
This later mechanism is usually employed to integrate two logically distinct components,
such as an interactive document and an application (e.g. a web browser) into one seamless whole.
The user adaptation is often a negotiated process, as an adaptive user interface's designers
ignore where user interface components ought to go while affording a means
by which both the designers and the user can determine their placement, often (though not always) in a semi-automated, if not fully automated manner.
An AUI is primarily created based on the features of the system, and the knowledge levels of the users that will utilize it.
Advantages.
The advantages of an adaptive user interface are found within its ability to conform to a users needs. The properties of an AUI allow to show only relevant information based on the current user. This creates less confusion for less experienced users and provides ease of access throughout a system. 
Depending on the task, can increase the stability of a system.
Disadvantages.
Time consuming process.
The AUI must be designed with varying levels of implementation in mind, and be coupled with a way to measure any particular users needs. 
Requires knowing a user's goal in order to most efficiently adapt. On top of being an issue from sorting and interpreting information from the user in order to predict their needs, this can give rise to security issues. Because the information is stored, users lack privacy when utilizing an AUI.
Types.
An adaptive user interface can be implemented in various ways. These implementations can differ between the amount of information available to certain users, or how users utilize the application.
Adaptive presentation.
The goal behind adaptive presentation is to display certain information based on the current user. This may mean that users with only basic knowledge of a system will only be shown minimal information. Conversely, a user with advanced knowledge will have access to more detailed information and capabilities. 
A way that the AUI can achieve this differentiation could be to hide information to be presented based on the user's experience level. Another possibility is to control the amount of links to relevant sources on the page.
Adaptive navigation.
Adaptive navigation intends to guide a user to their specific goal within the system by altering the way the system is navigated based on certain factors of the user. These factors can include the users expertise level with the system/subject, the current goal within the system, and other relevant factors. 
Examples of adaptive navigation can be achieved in many ways, similar to adaptive presentation. These can included examples such as providing links to help achieve a users specific goal, giving reference on a page to where a user is, or altering the resources available to the user.
Uses in industry.
Adaptable user interfaces can be used in any situation where a user would benefit from a personalized UI. One of the common place implementations of an AUI is in the medical industry. The AUI is used to differentiate and specify which information should be shown to which type of user. For instance, a patient would be shown a different level of detail than the doctor, or nurse.

</doc>
<doc id="19289636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289636" title="Gaeta Calcio 1931">
Gaeta Calcio 1931

Gaeta Calcio 1931 is an Italian association football club located in Gaeta, Lazio. It currently plays in Eccellenza.
History.
The club was founded in 1931 as Associazione Calcio Aquilotti and was subsequently renamed Polisportiva Gaeta, before taking the current name.
In the season 2011-12 it was relegated to Eccellenza.
Colors and badge.
The team's color are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="19289650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289650" title="Harry Hiams">
Harry Hiams

Harry Hiams (1886 - 10 April 1954) was a Welsh international forward who played club rugby for Swansea and Llanelli. He won two caps for Wales and played for Llanelli against the touring South Africans. During the First World War, Hiams served with the Royal Field Artillery.
Rugby career.
Hiams joined Swansea in 1905, but it wasn't until 1912 that Hiams was selected to play for Wales. He turned out on 9 March 1912 against Ireland at the Balmoral Showgrounds, in a match Wales lost 12-5. Two weeks later he played his second and last game for Wales, this time at Rodney Parade against France. Although Wales won the game, it was seen as far too close a match and eight members of the Welsh team played their last Five Nations Championship game.
In the second half of 1912, Haines switched from Swansea to Llanelli, and on 17 October, he faced the 1912 touring South African team as part of an invitational Glamorgan XV. It was a humiliating match for the Glamorgan side losing 35-3, the largest winning margin for a touring side against a Welsh team. Two days later Hiams was the only international player in the Llanelli team to face the Springboks and after the previous match little was expected of the Welsh club side. When Hiams scored a dropped goal from 45 yards during the match, play had to be suspended as fans raced onto the pitch to congratulate him. Although Llanelli lost 8-7, the closeness and exciting match-play gave the Scarlets and Hiams a taste of glory. Hiams was dropped for the Wales game against the South Africans as the selectors decided they needed more heavy scrummagers.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19289662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289662" title="Kövüzbulaq">
Kövüzbulaq

Kövüzbulaq or Hovuzbulaq or Keuz-Bulakh or Gëvuzbulak or Gövüzbulaq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19289694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289694" title="Li Kan">
Li Kan

Li Kan may refer to either of the following persons:

</doc>
<doc id="19289718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289718" title="Arise Virtual Solutions">
Arise Virtual Solutions

Arise Virtual Solutions Inc, based in Miramar, Florida is a work-at-home, business process outsourcing company that blends crowdsourcing innovation, virtual technology and operational efficiencies. Arise provides customer contact, business process outsourcing, eLearning and consulting solutions to its clients. Recognized as a work-at-home, virtual call center pioneer, Arise has been delivering services in the cloud for over 15 years through its network of over 25,000 independent, work-at-home customer service, sales and technical support providers in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Ireland.
History.
Arise Virtual Solutions began as a partnership, in 1994, between the State of Florida and Bell South, with the goal of creating home-based opportunities for people with disabilities. The organization was developed to route customer service inquiries to individuals' homes.
Since inception, the concept of working from home has drawn a skeptical audience. Neither 100% offshore outsourcing, nor 100% in-house solutions, homeshoring provides many of the best advantages from both approaches, while also having challenges. From a company perspective, the concept offers the unique ability to source quality talent and certify resources promptly, and flex up and down based on call volumes.
Arise Model.
The Arise business model is based on an entirely online, virtual platform, with a network of independent, specialized resources, who take customer service, sales and technical support calls for Arise’s clients, remotely, from their homes. Every resource in the network is able to choose which Arise client opportunity they would like to service. For example, a resource specializing in diabetes, because they either have diabetes or a family member has diabetes, may have the opportunity to take calls for a diabetes company; however, the resource has the ability to take advantage of any client opportunity that becomes available.
Arise’s online/virtual platform relies on a combination of processes: 
The Application/Admissions process, which is between two to five days, is initiated through the partner website (link to partner.arise.com). Admissions includes: setting up a profile, taking a brief voice assessment, completing a background check, certifying as a servicing resource and incorporating their small business or joining an existing small business in the Arise network.
In Enrollment, the resource is able to enroll in any brand opportunity they would like to service. Once chosen, the resources must take certification courses to begin servicing. Certification courses promote understanding and fluency of the client’s business needs.
Certification classes can take anywhere from one week up to eight weeks to complete. Courses take place for hours per day, either in the morning, afternoon or evening. Through a virtual classroom and eLearning solutions, resources are certified, and are able to start servicing Arise clients in production.
In production, calls are routed to resources homes. If an Arise resource encounters any challenges, or has any questions that they may not be able to answer, during production, they have various types of virtual support from performance facilitators (PFs), who are also contracted by Arise. The resource can reach a PF through chat, voice or email.
All of the resources in Arise’s network are contracted business partners; they are not employees.

</doc>
<doc id="19289733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289733" title="Mac Fheargail">
Mac Fheargail

Mac Fhearghail (Pron. Mac Ar(a)-g(w)ill) is an Irish Gaelic surname. Variants include Mac Fheargail, Mac Fheargaill, Mag Fheargail & Mac Fheargall. Anglicised variants include Cargill, Argill,(Mc)Argyll, McGirl,(Mc)Garrigle.

</doc>
<doc id="19289750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289750" title="Féminin, masculin">
Féminin, masculin

Féminin, masculin is a 2007 Iranian documentary film directed by Sadaf Foroughi and co-authored by Foroughi and Kiarash Anvari.
Synopsis.
In Iran there are different sections for men and women on public buses. Women should enter buses from the back door, which is separated from men’s entrance, and should sit or stay in a limited zone at the end of the buses which is separated from men’s zone. But Farahnaz Shiri, the first female bus driver in Tehran, has made her own little society in her bus. In this bus everything is vice-versa. Mrs. Shiri is the governor and the only law maker of her own little society. In her bus, men must enter from the backdoor entrance and must sit or stay in the limited zone at the end of the bus.

</doc>
<doc id="19289759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289759" title="Parque Paraíso">
Parque Paraíso

The Parque Paraíso is the biggest neighborhood council in the Brazilian eiro of Itapecerica da Serra, in the state of Sao Paulo. It has a large network of trade and the largest and most comprehensive public transport network. The neighborhood is almost conurbado with the city centre and has a large portion of the population of the municipality of Itapecerica.
Surgido the disintegration of the former Farm "Paradise" also once known as "Old" Tank Farm. The neighborhood has great importance for the city centre since the construction of Rodovia Régis Bittencourt BR-116 the main access to São Paulo the southern Brazil. the former "South Path" that happening in the city centre of Itapecerica was virtually "diverted" two kilometers from the centre of Itapecerica with the construction of the highway. and why there was a need to connect and conurbar centre of the Itapecerica the highway. such a connection is made primarily by Fifteen avenues "November" and "Nine July" and the process of conurbation has occurred with the growth of the neighborhood and consequent "progress" toward this road.
Data from the Census - 2000
Total Population: 25,536

</doc>
<doc id="19289767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289767" title="Vita Karoli Magni">
Vita Karoli Magni

Vita Karoli Magni ("Life of Charles the Great") is a biography of Charlemagne, King of the Franks and Holy Roman Emperor, written by Einhard.
Literary context.
Historians have traditionally described the work as the first example of a biography of a European king. The author endeavored to imitate the style of that of the ancient Roman biographer Suetonius, most famous for his work the "Twelve Caesars." Einhard's biography is especially modeled after the biography of Emperor Augustus, the first emperor of the Roman Empire.
Date.
The date of the work is uncertain and a number of theories have been put forward. The inclusion of Charlemagne's will at the end of the work makes it fairly clear that it was written after his death in 814. The first reference to the work, however, comes in a letter to Einhard from Lupus of Ferrieres which is dated to the mid-ninth century. Dates have been suggested ranging from about 817 to 833, usually based on interpretations of the text in the political context of the first years of the reign of Louis the Pious and Louis' attitude to his father. No theory has yet emerged as an obvious front runner, and it is likely that debate will continue.
Author.
Einhard's book is about intimate glimpses of Charlemagne's personal habits and tastes. He occupied favoured position at Charlemagne's court so he had inside information. Einhard received advanced schooling at the monastery of Fulda sometime after 779. Here he was an exceptional student and was quite knowledgeable. The word was sent to Charlemagne of Einhard's expertise. He was then sent to Charlemagne’s Palace School at Aachen in 791. Einhard then received employment at Charlemagne's Frankish court about 796. He remained at this position for twenty some years. Einhard's book was expressly intended to convey his appreciation for advanced education. He wrote his biography after he had left Aachen and was living in Seligenstadt.
Einhard and Charlemagne.
Einhard's position while with Charlemagne was that of a modern day minister of public works, so he had intimate knowledge of his court. Einhard was also given the responsibility of many of Charlemagne's abbeys. It used to be suggested that Einhard's wife Emma was a daughter of Charlemagne; this can generally be disregarded as a twelfth-century fabrication, however, since there is no proof.
Reliability.
Most biographies of the Middle Ages related only good deeds of their subject with many embellishments to improve their subject. Einhard's biography, however, is considered on the most part to be a trustworthy account of Charlemagne's life. It is considered an excellent account of earlier Medieval life. Despite Einhard's limitations, since this was his first attempt at a major writing, the British historian Thomas Hodgkin said, "almost all our real, vivifying knowledge of Charles the Great is derived from Einhard, and that the Vita Karoli Magni is one of the most precious literary bequests of the early Middle Ages."

</doc>
<doc id="19289793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289793" title="Keith Costigan">
Keith Costigan

Keith Costigan is a former professional soccer player who now works as a television analyst and commentator for Fox Soccer Channel in Los Angeles, California.
Keith is originally from Dublin, Ireland where he played youth football for famous Irish youth clubs Vianney Boys, St. Kevins Boys and Stella Maris. He also was enrolled in a full time training course at Home Farm F.C..
Keith then spent two years in the League of Ireland with Bray Wanderers and Monaghan United Football Club. Keith also had a brief spell with Luton Town but never came to terms on a contract.
Thus, Keith decided to move onto the United States when offered a full soccer scholarship to Augusta State University and then later to California State University, Bakersfield. After completing his senior year at Bakersfield, Keith signed a two-year contract with the Portland Timbers of the United Soccer Leagues. Keith led the team in assists and minutes during his time with the club and also spent time with the Los Angeles Galaxy during the Timbers off-season. Keith then rounded out his playing career with the Harrisburg City Islanders before starting his career with Fox Soccer Channel.
Keith began with Fox as a wise-cracking barman on Fox Football Friday before moving on to co-host Super Saturday with Nick Webster. "I was always the joker of the teams I was a part of, and when I was at Portland I did a lot of interviews with media," says Costigan.
Keith currently co-hosts Super Sunday Plus and can also be heard commentating on several games including World Cup Qualifiers, Uefa Cup and Concacaf Champions League. Keith also contributes to the Foxsoccer.com website with his weekly rankings and is also a regular contributor to The Kop Magazine, a monthly publication that is published in Europe and is aimed at fans of Liverpool.
Keith currently resides in Marina Del Rey, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19289818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289818" title="Dan Larson">
Dan Larson

Daniel James Larson is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Larson pitched in all or part of seven seasons from and .
Larson was drafted in the first round of the 1972 Major League Baseball Draft by the St. Louis Cardinals, but never played in the majors for them. Instead, he was sent to the Houston Astros as part of a trade that brought pitcher Claude Osteen to the Cardinals. Larson made his major league debut with the Astros in 1976, and that was probably his best season. He went 5–8 in '76, with a career-best 3.02 ERA.
In , Larson spent most of the season in the majors, but his performance went down significantly, as he won just one game in eight decisions and his ERA nearly doubled to 5.81. Larson spent nearly the entire season back in the minor leagues, and that September he was traded to the Philadelphia Phillies for pitcher Dan Warthen. He made one appearance for the Phillies, pitching one inning.
Larson spent most of the next three seasons in the minor leagues, making brief appearances in the majors in each year. Over those seasons, Larson pitched in a total of 20 games, mostly as a starter. In , Larson had a respectable 3.15 ERA, but gave up a large number of unearned runs, resulting in a record of 0–5.
Following the season, Larson was traded again, this time to the Chicago Cubs as part of a trade to bring Mike Krukow to the Phillies. Larson again went winless in 1982, going 0–4 with a 5.67 ERA, and never appeared in the major leagues again. He continued to play minor league baseball until before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="19289867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289867" title="Aschiana">
Aschiana

Afghanistan's Children - A New Approach (ASCHIANA) ( "Ašiyānā", meaning "the nest") is an Afghan nongovernmental organisation that has provided services, support and programs to working street children and their families since 1995. ASCHIANA currently serves 4,500 students in Afghanistan through centers in Kabul, Mazar-i-Sharif, Herat and Parwan. ASCHIANA operates four centres in Kabul: two centres for basic education, one centre for accelerated girls' education and one emergency shelter for runaway children (with day care and basic education). ASCHIANA also provides basic education for internally displaced persons and returned refugees through five outreach areas in Kabul.
ASCHIANA works together with Afghanistan’s Ministry of Education, Ministry of Social Affairs and the Afghan National Police to help children on the street receive a basic education—in Dari, Pashto, English, mathematics, Islamic Education, health education, mine awareness, drug awareness and children's rights—and integrate into the formal school system.
ASCHIANA students also enjoy recreational activities through sports, music and art, and receive training in skills such as carpentry, woodworking, cosmetology, tailoring, painting, instrument making, electrical engineering and plumbing. ASCHIANA also provides health, financial and social support for students and their families.
ASCHIANA’s students work on the streets to provide an income for their families. Many of them have lost one or both parents and have become their household’s main source of income. ASCHIANA’s goals are to support these children and their families:
ASCHIANA's work has been highlighted in research by Terre des Hommes and the Afghanistan Research and Evaluation Unit (AREU) and has received support for its operations from Roshan and Siemens (among other sources). ASCHIANA is dedicated to continuing support for the social wellness and educational growth of Afghanistan’s working street children and their families.

</doc>
<doc id="19289890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289890" title="Carlsbad 1911 chess tournament">
Carlsbad 1911 chess tournament

The Carlsbad 1911 chess tournament was one of four well-known international chess tournaments held in the spa city of Carlsbad (Bohemia, then Austria-Hungary Empire). The other tournament years were 1907, 1923 and 1929.
The opening ceremony was held at the imperial bath hotel Kurhaus (Kaiserbad) on 20 August 1911. Twenty-six chess masters were invited to participate in the enormous round-robin tournament (325 games!). Of the top players in the world then only two were missing from the tournament: Emanuel Lasker and José Raúl Capablanca. The participants played from 20 August to 24 September 1911. At the end Richard Teichmann was the winner. 
The final standings and crosstable:
See also.
Karlsbad 1911 Chess Games

</doc>
<doc id="19289934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289934" title="Joakim Lystad">
Joakim Lystad

Joakim Theodor Haagaas Lystad (born 17 April 1953) is a Norwegian civil servant. Since 2010, he has been the Labour and Welfare Director, i.e. the head of the Labour and Welfare Service and Labour and Welfare Administration. He served as Director General of the Norwegian Food Safety Authority from 2003 to 2010.
He was born in Oslo a grandson of the mathematician Theodor Haagaas. He received his cand.agric. degree from the Norwegian College of Agriculture, and worked as a researcher at the Norwegian Institute for Water Research. From 1991 to 1995 he was Assistant Director General in the Ministry of the Environment, and from 1995 to 2002 he was director of planning and control at the Norwegian Pollution Control Authority.
In 2002, he was appointed by the King-in-Council as the first Director General of the Norwegian Food Safety Authority, that was established the following year.
In 2010, he was appointed by the Norwegian government as head of the Norwegian Labour and Welfare Administration, a position he did not originally apply for.

</doc>
<doc id="19289943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289943" title="American Flyers (flight school)">
American Flyers (flight school)

American Flyers is an American flight school. It is the oldest flight training school in the United States, having been founded at Midway Airport in 1939 by Reed Pigman. In 1980 the flight school chain Aviation Training Enterprises(A.T.E.) acquired American Flyers. The company operates a chain of facilities at airports all across the United States. American Flyers produces more instrument-rated pilots than any other school in the nation. Based in West Chicago, Illinois, American Flyers has eight locations across the United States providing flight training to domestic and international students. An FAA-approved part 141 school, American Flyers offers a 6 months program that uses a rigid training course syllabus and standardized instructors.
Schools.
American Flyers now has 8 locations in the United States and 2 International Locations. These include:
Aircraft Simulators.
The first Frasca simulator was sold to American Flyers in 1958. 
Careers in Aviation.
Nova Southeastern University teamed up with American Flyers in January 2012 to offer a 4 year B.S. Degree in Aviation Human Factors. 
Fleet.
The American Flyers Fleet consists of 65 aircraft. The most common aircraft in the fleet is the Cessna model 172 Skyhawk.

</doc>
<doc id="19289948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289948" title="Nuits Européennes">
Nuits Européennes

Les Nuits européennes is a music festival in Strasbourg organised by Arcane 17 every year in October.
Program.
2007.
Billy's Band, Balkan Beat Box, Socalled, Massilia Sound System, Red Cardell + Gourtopravci, La Kinky Beat, Bombes 2 Bal, Antiquarks, Kal, Kamilya Jubran & Werner Hasler, P'Taz
2006.
Erik Marchand Quartet, Red Cardell, Amparanoia, L'Hijaz'Car, Tara Fuki, Mercedes Peon, Yasmin Levy, Nathalie Natiembé, Loulou Djine, Bernardo Sandoval, Samarabalouf, Terrafolk
2005.
The Ex, Zap Mama, Daniel Hélin, Austin Lace, Amsterdam Klezmer Band, L'orchestre du mouvement perpétuel, Traktor
2004.
Pressburger Klezmer Band, Másfél, Terrafolk, Robotobibok, Metamorphosis
2001.
Taraf de Haïdouks & Kocani Orkestar
2000.
Philippe Poirier, Rodolphe Burger, Nuwerk, Interlope, Meï Teï Shô, Doctor.L
1999.
Jazzmar, Dj Vinicious, Dj Paul, B.N.X & Walters, Dance Hall Vibes, High Tone, Dub Action, Djins & Baby G, Disciples, Dubwiser, Dj Loé, At'lhas, Seb Turkey, Flo, Usual Suspects, Konflict, Anakyne, Otis, Mc Verse, No stress & Boom.T
1998.
Kyu, Ethnician, Rinôcérôse, Impulsion, Dr. Walker, Terranova, Andrea Parker, Shantel, Danny Briottet
1997.
Agricantus, N.O.A.H, Useless, Cool Hipnoise, Y Front, Mass Hysteria, Spicy Box, Bosco, Curtis, B The Bomb, Twilight Pode Sound System, Little Ghost, Coldcut, Dj Food, Kid Koala, Animals on Wheels, Hextatic, Minus 8, Dj Izno, Le Dav, No Stress, Lee Ben, Dj Morpheus, Dj Geoffroy, Herbert, Pulsinger, Jeff
1996.
Largo, De Parels en de Funkie Reddingsbrigade, Ottantotto Tasti, Weep not Child, DNC, Oneyed Jack, St. Germain, Dj Cam, Mighty Bop
1995.
PPz30, Silent Majority, Malka Family, Traffic Jam, Inside the Whale, Treponem Pal, Hey

</doc>
<doc id="19289975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289975" title="Prithviraj Sukumaran filmography">
Prithviraj Sukumaran filmography

Prithviraj Sukumaran is an Indian actor, mainly in Malayalam cinema,playback singer and producer. The following is a filmography of his work.
Prithviraj made his debut in 2002 in the Malayalam film, "Nandanam" and has since acted in more than seventy films, notably "Stop Violence", "Ananthabhadram", "Classmates", "Vaasthavam", "Thirakkatha", "Urumi", "Indian Rupee", "Ayalum Njanum Thammil" and "Celluloid". Prithviraj has also appeared in parallel films, notably "Akale", "Veettilekkulla Vazhi", "Punyam Aham", "Manjadikuru" and "Aakashathinte Niram".
Prithviraj has won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor in 2006 for his performance in "Vaasthavam" and in 2012 for "Ayalum Njanum Thammil" & "Celluloid".
Prithviraj made his debut in Tamil cinema through "Kana Kandaen" in 2005. His other notable films in Tamil are "Parijatham", "Mozhi" and "Raavanan". He made his debut in Telugu through "Police Police" in 2010 and in Bollywood through "Aiyyaa" in 2012.
As a producer he started a production company, August Cinema, along with Santosh Sivan and Shaji Natesan. August Cinema has produced the films "Urumi" , "Indian Rupee" and "Kadal Kadannu Oru Maathukutty".

</doc>
<doc id="19289994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19289994" title="Oleandrin">
Oleandrin

Oleandrin is a toxic cardiac glycoside found in oleander ("Nerium oleander L."). Along with neandrin it is primarily responsible for the toxicity of the sap of oleander. Oleandrin has been used for many years in China and Russia for its properties as a cardiac glycoside, for both suicidal and therapeutic purposes as in treatment of cardiac insufficiency.
Structure and reactivity.
The structure of oleandrin contains a central steroid nucleus with an unsaturated lactone ring structure on C17 and a dideoxy arabinose group on C3. In addition, the steroid ring has a substitute of an acetyloxy group on C16.
Oleandrin resembles very much other glycosides like ouabain and digoxin but has less effect than digoxin. It is however, just like its derivate oleandrigenin, a more potent glycoside than ouabain.
Synthesis.
Oleandrin and its derivate oleandrigenin are formed in the "N. oleander" plant. The oleandrin itself can be won out of the leaves and other parts of the plant but can also be produced in the lab by using cell cultures. Here, the oleandrin synthesis (along with other metabolites) can be stimulated in untransformed plant cell cultures with supplementation of phytohormone. However, this is not enough to produce large quantities because of early cell death. Transgenic cultures of Agrobacteria are able to synthesize great quantities of oleandrin and other metabolites of the oleander plants, fit for pharmaceutical purposes.
Available forms.
Oleandrin is, apart from its pure form, also closely related to structural similar glycosides, which all have more or less the same characteristics as oleandrin:
Mechanism of action.
Because of its properties as a cardiac glycoside, oleandrin interferes in some essential processes within the cell, the most important of these being the inhibition of the Na-K ATPase. This protein enables the cell to exchange the cations Na+ and K+ between the intercellular and extracellular spaces by which, for instance, electronic signaling is made possible in nerve cells. Oleandrin binds to specific amino acids in the protein, causing it to lose its function. After depolarization of the cell in which Na+ flows into the cell, the Na+ cannot be transported back into the extracellular membrane, causing the sodium gradient to disappear. This gradient is the driving force for other transport proteins, such as the sodium-calcium exchanger, which plays an important role in cardiomyocytes.
To make muscle contraction possible, a calcium influx from the extracellular fluid into the cell is crucial. After the muscle contraction, the calcium is normally pumped out of the cell and exchanged for sodium. When the sodium gradient is depleted, calcium cannot be pumped back and, as a consequence, accumulates in the cardiomyocyte.
As a result of the high calcium concentration, actin and myosin filaments will bind stronger, unable to relax properly to make a new contraction possible. This may result in cardiac arrhythmias, in the worst case decreasing cardiac output and causing a shortage in oxygen supply in vital tissues.
Apart from being a potent toxic compound, it may also be used in therapeutic ways. Both oleandrin and oleandrigenin, as well as their relatives, may be able to inhibit proliferation of tumor cells and stimulate their apoptosis as a result of the high concentration of intracellular calcium. In addition, it inhibits excretion of fibroblast growth factor 2 through membrane interaction and through inhibition of the Na,K-ATPase pump. However, there are no results from clinical testing on humans that support any use as a cancer treatment.
Symptoms.
Symptoms of oleandrin poisoning can cause both gastrointestinal and cardiac effects. The gastrointestinal effects can consist of nausea, abdominal pain, and vomiting, as well as higher salivation and diarrhea (which may contain blood). After these first symptoms, the heart may be affected by tachyarrhythmia, bradyarrhythmia, premature ventricular contractions, or atrioventricular blockage. Also, xanthopsia (yellow vision), a burning sensation of the mucous membranes of the eyes, and gastrointestinal tract and respiratory paralysis can occur. Reactions to poisonings from this plant can also affect the central nervous system. These symptoms can include drowsiness, tremors, or shaking of the muscles, seizures, collapse, and even coma that can lead to death. Oleander sap can cause skin irritations, severe eye inflammation and irritation, and allergy reactions characterized by dermatitis when administered topically.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis of oleandrin poisoning is mainly based on a detailed history. Whether or not a plant is ingested, description of the plant, or the plant itself, how much of it was ingested, time between ingestion and symptoms are all relevant questions. These can be asked only when the patient is not unconscious, which may happen due to cardiac symptoms, or when a third person is present. Supportive treatment should always be given to those with severe cardiac arrhythmias. History of poisoning (of a plant), ECG abnormalities that fit digoxin poisoning, and being in a region with N. oleander suggest poisoning with the plant.
Three methods are used for detecting oleandrin in the blood. Fluorescence polarization immunoassay is widely used. This test is slower and has a lower sensitivity than digoxin immunoassay (Digoxin III).
A direct analytic technique like liquid chromatography-electrospray tandem mass spectrometry is used when there are medicolegal issues.
Treatment.
Onset of symptoms may vary with the way of intake. Teas made of leaves or root of N. oleander give rise to a more acute onset, while eating raw leaves causes a slower onset of symptoms. Management of oleandrin poisoning is done in the following steps:
Previously forced vomiting or performing gastric lavage was part of the treatment of poisoning, but is no longer recommended.
There is a lack of evidence that weighs efficacy versus harm.
Activated charcoal is still used, since it binds toxins in the gastrointestinal tract to reduce absorption. It is uncertain whether repeated administration of activated charcoal is effective, in theory interrupting enterohepatic cycling. This treatment is used for digoxin poisoning, another cardiac glycoside.
Supportive care like monitoring vitals and electrolyte and fluid balance is important. Patients may present hypovolemic due to vomiting and diarrhea, but severely elevated potassium can also occur.
Electrolyte balance is vital, since patients with low cardiac glycoside levels can still die after adequate digoxin Fab antibody treatment if they have disturbed electrolyte levels.
Treatment of bradyarrhythmias is by many done with intravenous isoprenaline and/or atropine.
In moderate cases, prolonging of the PR interval and progression to AV dissociation, cardiac pacing is used.
The effectiveness of all these interventions is unknown and are associated with side-effects. Therefore, consultation with a cardiologist is recommended when managing significant N. Oleander induced arrhythmias. The use of anti-digoxin Fab IV has proven successful in cases of oleandrin poisoning
These antibodies have shown to bind in vitro with oleandrin and thus reduce the active concentration in the blood 
A dose of 400 mg is used in digoxin poisoning, but a dose of 800 mg is recommended for oleandrin poisoning due to the lower binding affinity of the antibody to oleandrin. Patients receiving an adequate dose of anti-digoxin Fab show a good response, resolving serious arrhythmias in two hours in fifty percent of the cases. Treated patients showed a rapid increase in heart rate and a significant decline in serum potassium levels. The reason anti-digoxin Fab is sparingly used in developing countries is its high cost, even though it is such an effective treatment.
Anti-cancer therapy.
Oleandrin is a promising agent for anti-cancer treatment. Studies show potential in vitro effect for cancers of the colon, non-small cell lung cancer, leukemia, pancreas, melanoma and prostate. It may work as a cytotoxic agent, generating reactive oxygen species or inducing apoptosis, but has also shown to be synergistic with current chemotherapy. This may be due to its potential to inhibit P-glycoprotein. This transporter is responsible for phenotypes of cancer resistant to chemotherapeutic agents.
Although this sounds promising, in general, concentrations needed for therapeutic effect are not achievable in patient plasma. Apart from being a chemosensitizer, oleandrin has shown to be a potent radiosensitizer. Oleandrin increases caspase 3 activity in radiodamaged tumor cells and, therefore, increases radiation-induced apoptosis. It is unclear as to whether normal cells suffer the same degree of radiosensitization; however, if they do, oleandrin might not be suitable for combined treatment with radiation therapy.
Metabolism.
In mice, oleandrin is metabolized into oleandrigenin. Although oleandrigenin it is not formed in human plasma, it was found in the volunteers injected with oleandrin, suggesting that it is formed in other human tissues.
Because of its lipophilic properties, oleandrin can be easily absorbed in the gastrointestinal tract after oral dosing. The clearance is slow. The plasma concentration obtains its maximum at twenty minutes after oral intake (half-life of 2,3±0,5h, but half-life after IV administration is 0,4±0,1h).
It is excreted mostly in feces, but also in urine. Because the main route of excretion is through biliary excretion into the feces, it is mainly the liver that is exposed to oleandrin. As excretion in urine is only a smaller route, the kidneys are less exposed. There is also accumulation in the cardiac tissue, which explains its potential for cardiac toxicity. In mouse studies, it also appeared that oleandrin rapidly accumulates in brain tissue, as it can pass through the blood–brain barrier. The data suggest that other components within oleander extract may enhance transport of oleandrin across the blood–brain barrier.
Toxicity.
Oleandrin has been reported to be lethal, but exact dosages are not fully documented. The fatal blood concentration of oleandrin has been estimated for humans to be approximately 20 ng/ml in decreased blood by extrapolation of intoxication symptoms. In practice, there have been adult cases wherein 14-20 oleander leaves (of unknown oleandrin concentration) proved not to be fatal, but also a lethal case of a child that consumed only one leaf.
Effects on animals.
Oleandrin poisoning by eating oleander leaves can be lethal at low dosages. Cases of sheep lethality have been reported to only one leaf of Oleander.
Symptoms present in poisoned animals include bloody diarrhea and colic, the latter especially in horses. Because the leaf itself is quite bitter, only starving animals will be likely to eat the plant. The lethal dosage for animals is estimated to be about 0.5 mg/kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19290045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290045" title="Achanakmar Wildlife Sanctuary">
Achanakmar Wildlife Sanctuary

Achanakmar Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife park in Chhattisgarh, India. The sanctuary houses a number of endangered animal species, including leopards, Bengal tigers, and wild bison.
The Achanakmar wildlife sanctuary was established in 1975, under provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972. Achanakmar has been declared a Tiger Reserve under the Project Tiger in 2009. It comprises 557.55 km2 of forest, and is linked by the hilly Kanha-Achanakmar Corridor to the tiger reserve in Kanha, Madhya Pradesh. The park is part of Bilaspur Forest Division in northwest Chhattisgarh, around 55 km north-west of Bilaspur. The nearest railway station is at Belgahna. Achanakmar is easily approchable from Pendra Road and Bilaspur railway station, Bus, rental car and other vehicles are available to visit and enjoy this beauty place. In Achanakmar restaurant, coffeehouse and many other facilities are available. The sanctuary is close to Amarkantak and the source of the Narmada River.
Flora.
Forest vegetation mainly comprises sal, saja, bija, and bamboo.
Fauna.
The sanctuary is home to leopards, gaur, chital, Bengal tigers, striped hyena, jackals, the sloth bear, dhole, sambar, nilgai, four-horned antelope, chinkara, blackbuck, muntjak, Antilope cervicapra, Indian muntjac, and wild boar, among other species.

</doc>
<doc id="19290054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290054" title="James Hiroyuki Liao">
James Hiroyuki Liao

James Hiroyuki Liao is an American television, film and theatre actor.
Early life and education.
Liao was born in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, and is a 2004 graduate of the Juilliard School's drama division. He also studied at the Marjorie Ballentine Studio. In his acting work, he has also been credited as James Liao. His father is Taiwanese and his mother is Japanese.
Career.
Liao was starring in season four of "Prison Break", as Roland Glenn. He has also done work on "24", ', "Bones", , ', and "Law & Order". His stage work includes playing Song Liling (Butterfly) in Washington DC's Arena Stage production of . He has also appeared in the 2008 Jennifer Aniston film, "Management".
He was also a student at The Marjorie Ballentine Studio. During his time there, Amaury Nolasco (Fernando Sucre of "Prison Break") was in the same class as him. In the 4th season of Prison Break, they both played characters alongside each other.

</doc>
<doc id="19290063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290063" title="Robert Myers">
Robert Myers

Robert Myers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19290066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290066" title="Euchologium Sinaiticum">
Euchologium Sinaiticum

The Euchologium Sinaiticum is a 109-folio Glagolitic Canon of Old Church Slavonic euchologium. It contains parts of the liturgy of the St. John Chrysostom, and is dated to the 11th century.
The manuscript was found in Saint Catherine's Monastery, Egypt in 1850 by the Russian archimandrite Porfirij Uspensky, and there it's still kept today excepting the three folios taken by Uspenskij and N.P. Krylov to Saint Petersburg, Russia. Among the Sinai manuscripts discovered in 1975 is a 28-folio fragment of the Euchologium Sinaiticum.
It was first published by Czech L.Leitler in 1882 in Zagreb. In the edition "Patrologia Orientalis" (t. XXIV, fasc. 5, 1933, p. 605-802 and t. XXV, fasc. 3, 1939, p. 487-617) it was published by J. Frček. Slovene Slavist R. Nahitagal published it in Ljubljana photographically in 1941, and in 1942 in Cyrillic transcription. Recent edition has been by I. C. Tarnanidis: "The Slavonic Manuscripts Discovered in 1975. at St. Catherine's Monastery on Mount Sinai" (Thessaloniki, 1988).
Researchers emphasize that the manuscript is a collection of diverse prayers of different origins: some of them are scribed to the pre-Cyrillo-Methodian Salzburg mission, and for others it's being claimed that they represent Eastern-rite missal fragments. We don't know much of its language: nasal vowels are well-preserved, there is no notation of palatalness in syllabic sonorants "r" and "l", strong yers are sometimes preserved, and sometimes vocalized ("ъ" > "o", "ь" > "e"), weak yers are sometimes omitted, Jagić's rule is confirmed etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19290109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290109" title="Saratoga County Homestead">
Saratoga County Homestead

The Saratoga County Homestead, or Homestead Sanitarium, was a large Tuberculosis Sanatorium located in Barkersville, in Saratoga County, New York. It is publicly recorded as The Homestead Sanitarium.
The Homestead was opened in 1914 and treated patients for tuberculosis until 1960. The original building was wood, but was replaced by the brick building that stands today in 1932. The institution reopened in 1961 as The Saratoga County Infirmary. Other reports claim that it was turned into a Retirement Home.
An non-comprehensive list of patients who died while in the care of the sanitarium can be found at: http://saratoganygenweb.com/BurkFH3a.htm
Many people who have visited this place claim that the things left behind (beds, books, kitchen supplies, medical supplies) and abandoned point the possibility that this building was shut down suddenly. However, if this was in fact reopened as the Saratoga County Infirmary, then the left behind items would not be related to the Sanitarium.
While there is no documentation that has been found by interested parties and paranormal activity hunters, the building still stands.
Thrill seekers have often traveled to this building in the hopes of capturing some ghostly activity. It is located on county highway 16.

</doc>
<doc id="19290194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290194" title="Bickford Slides">
Bickford Slides

Bickford Slides is a waterfall in the town of Stow, Maine, United States. Located on Bickford Brook within the White Mountain National Forest's Caribou-Speckled Mountain Wilderness, it consists of two tiers of cascades and slides, the upper tier 40 feet high and the lower tier 50 feet high.

</doc>
<doc id="19290203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290203" title="Anthony Sanusi">
Anthony Sanusi

Anthony Saliu Sanusi (January 2, 1911 – December 8, 2009) was a Nigerian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
Anthony Sanusi born in Iperu, Nigeria in 1911. 
Ordained a priest on December 17, 1944 in Lagos, Nigeria. He was Appointed bishop of new created diocese of Ijebu-Ode on May 29, 1969 and received his episcopal consecration August 1, 1969. He remained bishop of Ijebu-Ode diocese until his retirement in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19290234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290234" title="Heald Stream Falls">
Heald Stream Falls

Heald Stream Falls is a waterfall in Maine, United States, about from the US–Canada border. It is composed of a horsetail and cascades that drop about 18 feet (6 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19290238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290238" title="Horst Frank">
Horst Frank

Horst Frank (28 May 1929 – 25 May 1999) was a German film actor. He appeared in over 100 films between 1955 and 1999. He was born in Lübeck, Germany and died in Heidelberg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19290239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290239" title="Brearley Brook">
Brearley Brook

Brearley Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of Hollingworth Brook. The original source was on Low House Moor but this has been diverted under the M62 Motorway to join Longden End Brook. The brook now originates at Syke, and follows the original course.

</doc>
<doc id="19290243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290243" title="Historia Histrionica">
Historia Histrionica

Historia Histrionica is a 1699 literary work by James Wright (1643-1713), on the subject of theatre in England in the seventeenth century. It is an essential resource for information on the actors and theatrical life of the period, providing data available nowhere else.
The work's full title is Historia Histrionica: An historical account of the English stage shewing the ancient use, improvement, and perfection of dramatick representations in this nation. In a dialogue of plays and players. The original 1699 octavo edition, published anonymously, was printed by G. Groom for the bookseller William Hawes. (His shop was at the sign of the Rose, in Ludgate Street.)
As its title indicates, the work is cast in the form of a dialogue between two abstract figures, Lovewit and Trueman; Trueman imparts to Lovewit (and to the reader) his knowledge of theatrical matters. The author, James Wright (1643–1713), was an attorney and occasional poet, and a collector of old plays. Along with Gerard Langbaine and John Downes, Wright was one of the earliest historians of British theatre.
"Historia Histrionica" was reprinted in the twelfth volume of Robert Dodsley's collection of old plays, and included in subsequent editions of that work. Wright's essay remains a valuable resource for modern scholars of the subject and the period.
James Wright also published "Country Conversations" (1694), in which he compares late seventeenth-century theatre to earlier theatre by Shakespeare, Jonson, Massinger, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19290261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290261" title="Van Gelder Studio">
Van Gelder Studio

The Van Gelder Studio is a recording studio located at 445 Sylvan Avenue, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. It was set up in 1959 by Rudy Van Gelder and has been used to record many albums released by major jazz labels such as Verve Records, Blue Note, Prestige and CTI Records.
Background.
After having gained a reputation in the mid-Fifties for the quality of the recordings he made in the living room at his parents' house in Hackensack, New Jersey, Van Gelder moved to a new facility in Englewood Cliffs. The first recording sessions done were "From Hackensack to Englewood Cliffs". The structure was inspired by the work of Frank Lloyd Wright and bore some resemblance to a chapel, with 39-foot ceilings and fine acoustics. Critic Ira Gitler described the studio in "The Space Book" (1964) liner notes:"In the high-domed, wooden-beamed, brick-tiled, spare modernity of Rudy Van Gelder's studio, one can get a feeling akin to religion". "When I started making records, there was no quality recording equipment available to me" Van Gelder recalled in 2005. "I had to build my own mixer. The only people who had quality equipment were the big companies. They were building their own electronics."
Notable recordings made at Hackensack include Miles Davis' "Workin' " and "Steamin'" ; solo debuts by Hank Mobley ("Hank Mobley Quartet") and Johnny Griffin ("Introducing Johnny Griffin").
Notable recordings made at Englewood Cliffs include John Coltrane's "A Love Supreme" (1964); Sonny Rollins' "Sonny Rollins on Impulse!," "Alfie" and East Broadway Run Down"; Stanley Turrentine's "Cherry" and "Don't Mess with Mister T"; Andrew Hill's "Point of Departure"; Carmell Jones's "Jay Hawk Talk"; Freddie Hubbard's "Red Clay" and Hank Mobley's "Soul Station".

</doc>
<doc id="19290267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290267" title="Grob G180 SPn">
Grob G180 SPn

The Grob G180 SPn (or spn) is a low-wing twin-engined corporate jet projected by Grob Aerospace. It is designed to land on both paved surfaces and unimproved runway capability (grass and gravel surfaces), and is classed as "commuter class" under EASA CS 23 and FAA Part 23 regulations. After the fatal crash of one prototype in 2006 and the insolvency of Grob Aerospace in 2008, a continuation of the project was announced in 2009. 
In September 2010, DAHER subsidiary SOCATA announced that it would be evaluating the G180 SPn during the next few months as it considers acquiring the aircraft from Allied Aviation Technologies, which currently holds the rights to the aircraft following Grob Aerospace's 2008 insolvency.

</doc>
<doc id="19290279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290279" title="Randy Vulakovich">
Randy Vulakovich

Randy Vulakovich is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 40th legislative district. He was elected in a special election on August 7, 2012.
Prior to holding elected office, Vulakovich attended the Allegheny County Police Academy and Duquesne University. He served as a police sergeant with the Shaler Township Police Department, where he was known by the affectionate moniker "Officer V.” 
State House.
On April 11, 2006, Democrat Shawn Flaherty defeated Republican Mike Dolan in a special election to fill the remainder of Jeff Habay's term as state representative. On May 16, 2006 Vulakovich defeated two other Republicans (including Mike Dolan) for the right to challenge Flaherty in that November's election. Vulakovich defeated Flaherty that November by a 53-47 margin. Vulakovich resigned from the State House on August 29, 2012, just prior to taking the oath of office to begin his Senate service.
State Senate.
In 2012, Vulakovich was nominated by the Republican party to face Sharon Brown to fill the vacancy in Pennsylvania's 40th State Senate district created by the resignation of Jane Orie. He was elected to the seat in the August 7, 2012, special election with over 73% of the vote to Brown's 27%. In the wake of his election, Vulakovich announced he would resign his State House seat to assume his seat in the State Senate. Vulakovich was sworn in as a state senator on August 29, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19290290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290290" title="Bedros Hadjian">
Bedros Hadjian

Bedros Hadjian (born January 24, 1933, Jarabulus, Syria - died September 3, 2012, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a Buenos Aires-based Armenian writer, educator and journalist. In 1954 he became the headteacher of the Armenian school of Deir el Zor, in northern Syria, one of the destination points of Armenians marched off by Ottoman authorities during the 1915 Armenian Genocide.
After teaching Armenian History and Literature at the Haygazian Armenian School of Aleppo from the mid-1960s, Hadjian was named in 1968 principal of the Karen Jeppe Gemaran, the biggest Armenian secondary school of Aleppo and one of the most prominent in the Armenian diaspora.
In 1970 Hadjian moved to Buenos Aires as the headmaster of the Instituto Educativo San Gregorio El Iluminador, one of the biggest Armenian schools in South America. He also became the editor of "Armenia," an Armenian-language daily newspaper that became a weekly in the late 1980s, from 1971-1986. He retired as the headmaster of San Gregorio El Iluminador in 2003.
Since 1986, he devoted himself to writing fiction and non-fiction books, published in Buenos Aires, Aleppo and Yerevan.
He was a frequent contributor to Armenian newspapers such as "Haratch" in Paris, "Nor Gyank" in Los Angeles and "Sardarabad" in Buenos Aires on Armenian affairs, as well as literature and book reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="19290312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290312" title="Coaker Triplett">
Coaker Triplett

Herman Coaker Triplett (December 18, 1911 – January 30, 1992) was a backup outfielder in Major League Baseball, playing mainly as a left fielder for three different teams between the and seasons. Listed at , 185 lb., Triplett batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Boone, North Carolina.
Basically a line-drive hitter and a good fielding replacement, Triplett was one of many players who only appeared in the majors during World War II. He debuted with the Chicago Cubs, playing for them briefly during the 1938 season before joining the St. Louis Cardinals (1941–1943) and Philadelphia Phillies (1943–1945). His most productive season came in 1943, when he hit a collective .260 batting average with 56 runs batted in in 114 games, ending fourth in the National League with 15 home runs and fifth with a .439 slugging percentage. 
In a six-season career, Triplett was a .256 hitter (334-for-1307) with 27 home runs and 173 RBI in 470 games, including 148 runs, 47 doubles, 14 triples, 10 stolen bases, and a .320 on-base percentage.
Triplett resumed his baseball career with the Buffalo Bisons of the International League, hitting .306 in 1946, .315 in 1947, and .353 in 1948 to win the league batting title. He added 22 home runs in 1949 and a .337 average in 1950. The next year, he replaced Specs Toporcer as Buffalo's manager during the midseason, as Toporcer's eyesight had declined. 
Triplett died in his homeland of Boone, North Carolina, at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="19290316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290316" title="Amar Ghoul">
Amar Ghoul

Amar Ghoul () (born 21 February 1961) is an Algerian politician and the current Minister of Public Works in the Algerian government.
Amar Ghoul was born in the wilaya of Ain Defla. He obtained his bac in maths at school in Miliana in 1980. In 1986, he took the post of engineer of State Civil Engineering in à Rouiba (ع ن). He continued his studies and obtained a DEA in nuclear engineering. In 1989, he left for France and in 1991 obtained a Doctorate in nuclear engineering. In 1998, he gained a diploma from Oran where he became a Doctor of State Mechanical Engineering.
In the political field, he was elected in 1997 as an MP to the Assemblée populaire nationale for the MSP. He quickly became chairman of the parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="19290321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290321" title="Grandmother's Bay, Saskatchewan">
Grandmother's Bay, Saskatchewan

Grandmother's Bay is a First Nations settlement on Otter Lake which is part of the Churchill River system. The community is part of the Lac La Ronge band. It is about 100 kilometres north of La Ronge.

</doc>
<doc id="19290326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290326" title="Tin Cup Chalice">
Tin Cup Chalice

Tin Cup Chalice (foaled in the state of New York on April 3, 2005; died April 17, 2009), was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who, in 2008, became the first New York-bred to win New York’s “OTB Big Apple Triple" of Racing: the Mike Lee Handicap, the New York Derby, and the Albany Stakes.
Pedigree.
Tin Cup Chalice was by the Grade I winner Crusader Sword (whose own sire is the great Damascus by Sword Dancer. Crusader Sword was the only son of Damascus when he stood in the Northeast. Tin Cup Chalice’s dam is Twice Forbidden, out of the first New York crop of Spectacular Bid who had been relocated from Claiborne Farm to the Miller Farm in 1992. Twice Forbidden also produced stakes winners Mr. Fantasy and Don Corleone. Both Damascus and “The Bid” were Horses of the Year. All in all, Tin Cup Chalice, offered for $2,000 at the New York Breeders’ Sales Company 2005 October mixed sale, came from a formidable family.
Named for a Jimmy Buffett song (although in the tradition of working out Thoroughbred names from their sire and dam’s names, Crusader Sword and Twice Forbidden seems a subtle way to achieve Tin Cup Chalice), Tin Cup Chalice was a black-pointed Bay making his home base at Finger Lakes race track (where America’s great loser Zippy Chippy might or might not be a stable pony). 
The colt nearly died twice before he was a year old, once from a case of botulism and once from a bout with horse colic. He was also from the same female family as Silky Sullivan, the “come-from-the-clouds” California fan favorite back in 1957 and 1958, and after Silky, is probably the most talented. Despite his pedigree, he failed to attract a bid at the 2006 New York Breeders Sale at Saratoga possibly because his sire had yet produced anything notable since the multiple graded stakes winner Isitingood in 1991, or possibly because Tin Cup Chalice was small and narrow and had come too near death too often to inspire confidence.
Racing accomplishments.
To take the Albany and with it the Triple Crown of New York-breds, Tin Cup Chalice had to step up in class. Before the race he'd faced only New York-breds, or lesser-quality stakes horses, in his short career. In the Albany, he went up against top national competition. His co-owner, breeder and trainer, Lecesse of Farmington, New York, said, “I know one thing. I wouldn’t bet against a horse that’s undefeated.” In the Albany Stakes, ridden by regular jockey Pedro Rodriguez, he defeated Icabad Crane and Big Truck, both New York-breds and both recently off the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing trail.
In his first start outside New York and in graded stakes company, Tin Cup Chalice won the Indiana Derby. Against the likes of the deep closer Pyro (who came up fast to place), he clicked off splits of :23.20, :48.20 and 1:13.40. In his only defeat, he placed in the Step Nicely Stakes at Belmont Park.
Japan Cup Dirt.
In late October 2008, the trainer and co-owner Mike LeCesse was contacted by Japanese racing officials about his horse racing in the Japan Cup Dirt (JPN-G1) with all expenses paid for Tin Cup Chalice to compete. The race, worth $USD 2.4 million, takes place on December 7 at Hanshin Racecourse. The Japan Cup Dirt is run clockwise around the oval (as many English races are run, and as American races once were run before the American Revolutionary War) so Tin Cup Chalice was tested, as a requirement of the Japan Racing Club, to determine his ability to adapt to running against his usual direction. That workout, held November 5, was successful and he was shipped to Japan...arriving after a 24 hour-flight from Rochester, New York on November 20, 2008.
At the Hanshin Racecourse on December 1, 2008 Tin Cup Chalice worked at 5 furlongs in 59.10 seconds. While Pedro Rodriguez has been the regular rider for Tin Cup Chalice, and was to travel to Japan, he encountered Visa/Passport issues and was not successful in obtaining a permit. Accordingly Edgar Prado, already in Japan for the World Super Jockey Series, picked up the mount and worked with the New York-bred in the days prior to the Japan Cup Dirt. Tin Cup Chalice took the lead for the first half of the Japan Cup Dirt, but gave way shortly after that. He came in 13th out of 16 horses in the Japan Cup Dirt race. He went off at odds of 9-to-1 making him the fourth-most-favored out of the 16.
Death.
On April 17, 2009, while in training at Finger Lakes Gaming and Race Track, Tin Cup Chalice suffered a spinal injury in the head-on collision with a runaway colt named Zany, a 4 year old son of War Chant at about 6:20 am EST. Despite more than 90 minutes of care and treatment on the track, the decision was made to euthanize Tin Cup Chalice when it became apparent to veterinarian Brendan Warrell that the injuries were catastrophic. Zany suffered crippling injuries and was euthanized not long after Warrell arrived at the scene. 
Tin Cup Chalice's jockey, Pedro Rodriguez was treated and released from the hospital. Zany's exercise rider, Jeannie Cook, was not injured. 
Tin Cup Chalice had been entered to race that opening day for Finger Lakes but because of the small field - just five - it did not fill and the race did not go off. The plan then was to run him in a stakes race at Mountaineer Park May 10. Co-owner Mike Lecesse was quoted as saying: "If he would have been in race today, he wouldn't have been on the track this morning. It's nobody's fault."
Tin Cup Chalice was transported to Cornell University's equine hospital for a necropsy, part of insurance requirements. His ashes will be buried in the track's infield, not far from the finish line near the grave of the track's first big star, Fio Rito. Fio Rito was owned by LeCesse's father, Raymond.

</doc>
<doc id="19290339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290339" title="Jugurtha Hamroun">
Jugurtha Hamroun

Jugurtha Hamroun (born January 27, 1989 in Bouzeguene) is an Algerian football player who currently plays for Karabükspor in Turkey.
Personal.
Hamroun was born in the town of Bouzeguene in the Tizi Ouzou Province. At age 5, he moved with his family to France, where they settled in Neuilly-sur-Marne in the eastern suburbs of Paris.
Club career.
EA Guingamp.
At age 12, Hamroun was recruited to the junior ranks of EA Guingamp. On April 8, 2008, Hamroun signed his first professional contract with EA Guingamp for 3 years. On August 29, 2008, he made his Ligue 2 debut coming as a substitute for Cédric Liabeuf in the 83rd minute in a league match against CS Sedan.
Chernomorets Burgas.
In July 2011, Hamroun signed a three-year deal with Bulgarian side Chernomorets Burgas, joining them on a free transfer after his contract with EA Guingamp had expired. For six months with the blue shirt he scored 6 goals in 14 matches in the A PFG.
Karabükspor.
On January 18, 2012 he was sold to Turkish side Karabükspor for 600 000 €. Hamroun makes his team debut on January 21 against Trabzonspor.
International career.
On December 22, 2009, Hamroun was called up to the Algerian Under-23 National Team by head coach Abdelhak Bencheikha for a week long training camp in Algiers. In October 2011, after scoring 4 goals in 8 games in the 2011–12 A PFG, Hamroun was recalled to the Under-23 National Team by Azzedine Aït Djoudi after an almost two-year absence. On November 15, 2011, Hamroun made his debut for the Algerian Under-23 team as a second half substitute in a friendly against South Africa. On November 16, 2011, he was selected as part of Algeria's squad for the 2011 CAF U-23 Championship in Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="19290361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290361" title="Sir George Harpur Crewe, 8th Baronet">
Sir George Harpur Crewe, 8th Baronet

Sir George Crewe, 8th Baronet (1 February 1795 – 1 January 1844) was an English Tory politician who represented the constituency of South Derbyshire.
Biography.
Crewe was the eldest surviving son of Sir Henry Harpur, 7th Baronet and his wife Ann Hawkins, daughter of Isaac Hawkins. His father took the name and arms of Crewe by royal sign manual in 1808. Crewe was educated at Rugby School. On 7 February 1818, at the age of 24, he succeeded his father, who died after falling from his coach box. He inherited the Baronetcy, Calke Abbey the family seat and extensive properties in Derbyshire, Staffordshire, and Leicestershire.
Crewe was called upon to serve as High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1821, and one of his first acts was to do away with the Assize Ball publishing a letter "showing how cruel and heartless it appeared that any person should be found engaged in worldly mirth and amusement on so solemn an occasion, when so many poor creatures were trembling on the eve of their trial, perhaps for their lives." After several years looking after his estates, he was persuaded to stand as Member of Parliament for South Derbyshire in 1835, and was returned again in 1837. His health was always poor and he retired in 1841.
Crewe was a considerable philanthropist with strong Christian principles, and was considered "too conscientious for a member of Parliament". The Harpur Crewe family were great collectors, and Sir George collected paintings,stuffed birds and animals. Harper Crewe became the President of the "Derby Town and County Museum and Natural History Society" in 1836. This organisation became Derby Museum and Art Gallery.
He died at his home at Calke Abbey.
Crewe married in 1819 Jane Whitaker, daughter of the Rev. Thomas Whitaker, Vicar of Mendham, Norfolk. They had six children and he was succeeded by his son Sir John Harpur Crewe, 9th Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="19290370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290370" title="Franco Ressel">
Franco Ressel

Franco Ressel (8 February 1925 – 30 April 1985) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 121 films between 1961 and 1985.
He was born in Naples, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19290390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290390" title="Death by Sheer Torture">
Death by Sheer Torture

Death by Sheer Torture (1981), also known simply as Sheer Torture, is a mystery novel by English writer Robert Barnard, the first of five novels, penned in the 1980s, featuring his recurring detective character Perry Trethowan.
Synopsis.
Police detective Perry Trethowan suffers a terminal embarrassment when his estranged, aristocratic father is found dead atop a Strappado-style torture device of his own design. Even more humiliating is the revelation that he was wearing spangled tights at the time, exacerbating Perry's fear that he'll be mocked about this case for the rest of his life. However, any hopes he may have had of fading quietly into the background are halted when his superior's force him to lead the investigation, and so he soon finds himself in search of a killer amongst the eccentric relatives he thought he'd left behind years ago…
Reception.
The novel received mostly positive reviews from critics and also did very well sales-wise.
"Another of the author's unfailingly entertaining forays into crime. One of the most inventive writers of detective fiction today." - "Westlake"

</doc>
<doc id="19290393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290393" title="Arnaud de Villemur">
Arnaud de Villemur

He was made cardinal on 17 December 1350 by Pope Clement VI.

</doc>
<doc id="19290396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290396" title="Musical works of Franz Liszt">
Musical works of Franz Liszt

Although Franz Liszt provided opus numbers for some of his earlier works, they are rarely used today. Instead, his works are usually identified using one of two different cataloging schemes:
Liszt was a prolific composer. Most of his music is for the piano and much of it requires formidable technique. His thoroughly revised masterwork, "Années de pèlerinage" ("Years of Pilgrimage") includes arguably his most provocative and stirring pieces. This set of three suites ranges from the pure virtuosity of the Suisse "Orage" (Storm) to the subtle and imaginative visualizations of artworks by Michelangelo and Raphael in the second set. "Années" contains some pieces which are loose transcriptions of Liszt's own earlier compositions; the first "year" recreates his early pieces of "Album d'un voyageur", while the second book includes a resetting of his own song transcriptions once separately published as "Tre sonetti di Petrarca" ("Three sonnets of Petrarch"). The relative obscurity of the vast majority of his works may be explained by the immense number of pieces he composed.
In his most famous and virtuosic works, he is the archetypal Romantic composer. Liszt pioneered the technique of thematic transformation, a method of development which was related to both the existing variation technique and to the new use of the "Leitmotif" by Richard Wagner.
Transcriptions.
Liszt's piano works are usually divided into two classes. On the one hand, there are original works, and on the other hand there are transcriptions, arrangements, paraphrases or fantasies of works by other composers. Examples of the first class are "Harmonies poétiques et religieuses" of May 1833 and the Piano Sonata B minor. Examples of the second class are Liszt's transcriptions of Schubert songs, his fantasies on operatic melodies, and his piano arrangements of symphonies by Berlioz and Beethoven. As a special case, Liszt also made piano arrangements of own instrumental and vocal works. Examples of this kind are the arrangement of the second movement "Gretchen" of his "Faust Symphony" and the first "Mephisto Waltz" as well as the "Liebesträume" and the two volumes of his "Buch der Lieder".
Liszt's composing of music from existing music, being taken as such, was nothing new. For several centuries many of the most prominent composers, among them J. S. Bach, Mozart and Beethoven, had done it before him. An example from Liszt's time is Schumann. He composed his "Paganini Studies", Opp. 3 and 10. The subject of his Impromptus, Op. 5, is a melody by Clara Wieck, and that of the "Études symphoniques", Op. 13, is a melody by the father of Ernestine von Fricken, Schumann's first fiancée. The slow movements of Schumann's piano sonatas Opp. 11 and 22 are paraphrases of own early songs. For the finale of his Op. 22 sonata, Schumann took melodies by Clara Wieck again. His last compositions, written at the sanatorium at Endenich, were piano accompaniments for violin "Caprices" by Paganini.
Although Liszt's arrangements had precedents, he was still subject to criticism. A review in the "Leipziger Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung" of Liszt's concerts in St. Petersburg in spring of 1843 may be taken as a characteristic example. After Liszt had in highest terms been praised regarding the impression he had made when playing his fantasies, it was to be read:
Also Liszt's mistresses Marie d'Agoult and Princess Wittgenstein wished him to be a "proper" composer with an oeuvre of original pieces. Liszt himself, as it seems, shared their opinion. For many times he assured, his fantasies and transcriptions were only worthless trash. He would as soon as possible start composing his true masterworks. While he actually composed such works, his symphonies after Dante and Faust as well as his Piano Sonata are examples for it, he kept making fantasies and transcriptions until the end of his life.
There is no doubt that it was an easier task for Liszt to make fantasies and transcriptions than composing large scale original works. It was this reason for which Princess Wittgenstein frequently called him "fainéant" ("lazy-bones"). But, nevertheless, Liszt invested a particular kind of creativity. Instead of just overtaking original melodies and harmonies, he ameliorated them. In case of his fantasies and transcriptions in Italian style, there was a problem which was by Wagner addressed as "Klappern im Geschirr der Perioden". Composers such as Bellini and Donizetti knew that certain forms, usually periods of eight measures, were to be filled with music. Occasionally, while the first half of a period was composed with inspiration, the second half was added with mechanical routine. Liszt corrected this by modifying the melody, the bass and - in cases - the harmonies.
Many of Liszt's results were remarkable. The "Sonnambula-fantasy" for example, a concert piece full of charming melodies, could certainly not have been composed either by Bellini or by Liszt alone. Outstanding examples are also the "Rigoletto-Paraphrase" and the "Faust-Waltz". The most delicate harmonies in parts of those pieces were not invented by Verdi and Gounod, but by Liszt. Hans von Bülow admitted that Liszt's transcription of his "Dante Sonnet" "Tanto gentile" was much more refined than the original he himself had composed.
Notwithstanding such qualities, during the first half of the 20th century nearly all of Liszt's fantasies and transcriptions disappeared from the usually played repertoire. Some hints for an explanation can be found in Béla Bartók's essay "Die Musik Liszts und das Publikum von heute" of 1911. Bartók started with the statement, it was most astonishing that a considerable, not to say an overwhelming part of the musicians of his time could not make friends with Liszt's music. While nearly nobody dared to put critical words against Wagner or Brahms, it was common use to call Liszt's works trivial and boring. Searching for possible reasons, Bartók wrote:
Following Bartók's lines, in Liszt's "Piano Sonata" the "Andante sostenuto" in F-sharp minor was "of course" banal, the second subject "Cantando espressivo" in D major was sentimentalism, and the "Grandioso" theme was empty pomp. Liszt's Piano Concerto No. 1 in E-flat major was in most parts only empty brilliance and in other parts salon music. The Hungarian Rhapsodies were to be rejected because of the triviality of their melodies.
It is obvious that Bartók himself did not like much of Liszt's piano works. Taking his point of view, the agreeable part was very small. All fantasies and transcriptions on Italian subjects were, of course, to be neglected. But traces of conventional patterns of the Italian style can also be found in works by Mozart, Beethoven and Schubert, as treated by Liszt. Examples are Mozart's opera "Don Giovanni" and songs like Beethoven's "Adelaïde" and Schubert's "Ave Maria". Liszt's works on French subjects, among them his fantasies on Meyerbeer's operas, were to be suspected to be as vulgar as the style of Berlioz. Everything reminding of Chopin's sentimentalism was as well to be put aside. After this, of Liszt's huge transcriptions oeuvre not much more remained than his arrangements of Beethoven's symphonies, his transcriptions of organ works by Bach, and a selection of his Wagner transcriptions.
As characteristic for tendencies of the early 20th century, there were not only stylistic objections against Liszt's fantasies and transcriptions. Fantasies and transcriptions were in general considered as worthless and not suiting for a "severe" concert repertoire. An example which shows it is the edition of the "Elsa Reger Stiftung" of Max Reger's "complete" piano works. All of Reger's transcriptions of songs by Brahms, Wolf, Richard Strauss and others as well as his arrangements of Bach's organ works were excluded. Liszt's posthumous fate was of similar kind. In 1911, when Bartók wrote his essay, a complete edition of the "Franz Liszt Stiftung" was in print. Of the series projected to include Liszt's fantasies and transcriptions only three volumes were published. They were a first volume with his Wagner transcriptions, and two further volumes with his arrangements of Beethoven's symphonies. All the rest of Liszt's piano works on works by other composers, i.e. several hundreds of pieces, were excluded.
Original songs.
Franz Liszt composed about six dozen original songs with piano accompaniment. In most cases the lyrics were in German or French, but there are also some songs in Italian and in Hungarian. A single song, "Go not, happy day" after Alfred Tennyson, is in English. In several cases, Liszt took lyrics which were also set to music by Schumann. Examples are the songs "Am Rhein, im schönen Strome", "Morgens steh ich auf und frage", "Anfangs wollt' ich fast verzagen" and "Über allen Wipfeln ist Ruh'".
In 1839 in Italy, Liszt composed the song "Angiolin dal biondo crin". The lyrics were taken from an Italian poem by Marchese Cesare Bocella who had become a close friend of Liszt and Marie d'Agoult. With that "Little angel with blond hair", Liszt's daughter Blandine was meant. The child had hummed a simple melody of which Liszt made the song. In 1841 he started composing additional songs. His first ones were "Die Lorelei" after Heine, composed on November 20, 1841 in Cassel, and "Oh! quand je dors" ("Oh! when I'm dreaming") after Victor Hugo, composed at end of December 1841 in Berlin. Both songs were composed for Marie d'Agoult.
By 1844 Liszt had composed about two dozen songs. Some of them had been published as single pieces. In addition, there was a series "Buch der Lieder" which had been projected for three volumes, consisting of six songs each. The first two volumes were published in 1843. In 1844 a third volume appeared, but this volume's title was only "6 Lieder". Liszt also made piano transcriptions of the first two volumes. While the transcriptions of the first volume were published 1846, Liszt did not publish the transcriptions of the second volume.
The songs in the first volume of the "Buch der Lieder" were "Die Lorelei", "Am Rhein im schönen Strome", "Mignons Lied", "Der König von Thule", "Der du von dem Himmel bist", and "Angiolin dal biondo crin". The lyrics of the first two songs were by Heine, those of the following three songs by Goethe. The second volume contained songs with lyrics by Hugo. They were "Oh! quand je dors", "Comment, disaient-ils", "Enfant, si j'etais roi", "S'il est un charmant gazon", "La tombe et la rose", and "Gastibelza", a Bolero.
The third volume should have included the song "O lieb so lang du lieben kannst", of which Liszt's piano transcription is famous and well known as the third "Liebestraum". But Liszt had to change his plan. Since in the beginning of 1844, when the volume was printed, he could not find the manuscript and did not like writing down the song again, he took "Morgens steh' ich auf und frage" instead. The printed volume contained the songs "Du bist wie eine Blume", "Dichter, was Liebe sei", "Vergiftet sind meine Lieder", "Morgens steh' ich auf und frage", "Die todte Nachtigall", and "Mild wie ein Lufthauch im Mai". The volume was dedicated to the Princess of Prussia whom Liszt visited in March 1844 in Berlin for the purpose of giving a copy to her. The lyrics of "Dichter, was Liebe sei" were by Charlotte von Hagn who also lived in Berlin.
Although Liszt's early songs are seldom sung, they show him in much better light than works such as the paraphrase "Gaudeamus igitur" and the "Galop" after Bulhakow, both composed in 1843. The transcriptions of the two volumes of the "Buch der Lieder" can be counted among Liszt's finest piano works. However, the contemporaries had much to criticize with regard of the style of the songs. Further critical remarks can be found in Peter Raabe's "Liszts Schaffen".
Liszt's contemporary critics measured his songs with expectations derived from "Lieder" by Schubert and other German masters. According to this, a "Lied" should have a melody which for itself was expressing a single mood and could be sung without much effort. The harmonies, supporting that mood, should be comparatively simple, without strong modulations. It was also presumed, that the piano accompaniment was easy to play. Since Liszt had in many cases offended against those rules, he was accused of never having had a proper grasp of the German "Lied". While all this might have been true, it is obvious that Liszt had by no means tried to write German "Lieder", sounding like those by Schubert. His "Oh! quand je dors", for example, has French lyrics and music in Italian style.
Raabe tried to show that – in cases – Liszt's declamation of the German lyrics was wrong. "Mignons Lied", for example, was composed in 4/4 time. Of the words "Kennst du das Land", "du" was put on a first, and "Land" on a third beat. Raabe imagined this as if only "du" was stressed while "Land" was not stressed. Of the next verse "wo die Zitronen blühn", "die" was put on a first, and the second syllable of "Zitronen" on a third beat. It could be imagined as if "die" was stressed, and the second syllable of "Zitronen" was not stressed. Singing it this way would indeed sound strange, not to say ridiculous. But Raabe forgot that 4/4 time was by nearly all composers treated as compound time, consisting of two equivalent halves. There are examples where the stress on the third beat equals the stress on the first beat or is even stronger. An example of this kind is Schubert's "Lied" "Das Wirtshaus" of his cycle "Die Winterreise". More examples can be found in further works by Schubert as well as in works by Bach, Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Schumann, Brahms, Wolff, Strauss, Reger and others.
Also, Liszt had occasionally treated his lyrics with some freedom, especially by adding repetitions of important words. In "Der du von dem Himmel bist", for example, he had changed Goethe's "Süßer Friede, komm, ach komm in meine Brust" into "Süßer Friede, süßer Friede, komm, ach komm in meine Brust". While Raabe criticized this as unforgivable sin, he would have better taken a careful look at "Lieder" by German masters such as Schubert and Schumann who both had treated their lyrics with freedom of similar kinds.
Liszt had good reasons for resisting his critics. But a letter to Joseph Dessauer of the 1850s shows that – until then – he himself had taken a critical point of view. Dessauer had sent own new songs with dedication to Liszt. After Liszt had praised the songs, he wrote:
As consequence, during the Weimar years Liszt not only revised most of his early songs, but rewrote them, giving a much more unpretentious style to them. He also composed additional new songs. The new versions of the early songs as well as some of the additional songs were at end of 1860 published in seven books as "Gesammelte Lieder".
In letters of 1860 Liszt told, some of his songs had at occasions been sung. Since they had been considered as posthumous works by Schubert, they had been applauded and encored. However, with few exceptions, Liszt's songs were never genuine successes. The following remarks of spring 1879 by Eduard Hanslick are of a comparatively friendly kind. After Hanslick had reviewed a performance of Liszt's "Gran Mass", he continued:
In 1879 and 1880 Liszt continued the series of his "Gesammelte Lieder" with songs such as "J'ai perdu ma force et ma vie", "Ihr Glocken von Marling", "Sei still", "Mild wie ein Lufthauch im Mai" (2nd version), "Isten veled (Lebe wohl)", "Mir ist die Welt so freudenleer" and others. Further songs were published 1883. Liszt had until then adopted a very abstract style. Characteristic examples are the new versions of his three sonnets after Petrarca. In comparison with the earlier versions, they are shocking because Liszt took everything away which could remind of Romantic style.
Today, Liszt's songs are nearly entirely forgotten. One exception is the often-cited "Ich möchte hingehen", due to a single bar which resembles the opening motif of Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde". While it is commonly claimed that Liszt wrote that motif ten years before Wagner started work on his masterpiece, it has turned out that this is not true: the original version of "Ich möchte hingehn" was composed in 1844 or 1845. There are four manuscripts, and only a single one, a copy by August Conradi, contains the said bar with the "Tristan" motif. It is on a paste-over in Liszt's hand. Since Liszt was in the second half of 1858 preparing his songs for publication, and he just at that time received the first act of Wagner's "Tristan", it is most likely that the version on the paste-over was a quotation from Wagner. This is not to say, the motif was originally invented by Wagner. An earlier example can be found in bar 129 of Liszt's "Ballade No.2 in B Minor" for piano, composed 1853.
Liszt and program music.
Liszt, in some of his works, supported the idea of program music. It means that there was a subject of non-musical kind, the "program", which was in a sense connected with a sounding work. Examples are Liszt's Symphonic Poems, his Symphonies after Faust and Dante, his two Legends for piano and many others. This is not to say, Liszt had invented program music. In his essay about Berlioz and the Harold-Symphony, he himself took the point of view that there had been program music in all times. In fact, looking at the first half of the 19th century, there had been Beethoven's "Pastoral-Symphony" and overtures such as "Die Weihe des Hauses". Beethoven's "battle symphony" Wellingtons Sieg oder die Schlacht bei Vittoria had been very famous. Further examples are works by Berlioz and overtures such as "Meeresstille und glückliche Fahrt" by Mendelssohn. In 1846, César Franck composed a symphonic work "Ce qu'on entend sur la montagne", based on a Victor Hugo poem. The same poem was shortly afterwards taken by Liszt as subject of a symphonic fantasy, an early version of his Symphonic Poem "Ce qu'on entend sur la montagne".
As far as there was a radical new idea in the 19th century, it was the idea of "absolute music". This idea was supported by Eduard Hanslick in his thesis "Vom musikalisch Schönen" which was 1854 published with Liszt's help. In a first part of his book, Hanslick gave examples in order to show that music had been considered as language of emotions before. In contrast to this, Hanslick claimed that the possibilities of music were not sufficiently precise. Without neglecting that a piece of music could evoke emotions or that emotions could be an important help for a composer to get inspiration for a new work, there was a problem of intelligibleness. There were the composer's emotions at the one side and emotions of a listener at the other side. Both kinds of emotions could be completely different. For such reasons, understandable program music was by Hanslick regarded as impossible. According to him, the true value of a piece of music was exclusively dependent on its value as "absolute music". It was meant in a sense that the music was heard without any knowledge of a program, as "tönend bewegte Formen" ("sounding moving forms").
An example which illustrates the problem might be Liszt's "La Notte", the second piece of the "Trois Odes funèbres". Projected 1863 and achieved 1864, "La Notte" is an extended version of the prior piano piece "Il penseroso" from the second part of the "Années de pèlerinage". According to Liszt's remark at the end of the autograph score, "La Notte" should be played at his own funeral. From this it is clear that "La Notte" ("The night") means "Death". "Il penseroso", "The thinking", could be "Thoughtful" in English. "Thoughtful", the English word, was a nickname, used by Liszt for him himself in his early letters to Marie d'Agoult. In this sense "Il penseroso", i. e. "Thoughtful", means "Liszt". When composing "La Notte", Liszt extended the piece "Il penseroso" by adding a middle section with melodies in Hungarian czardas style. At the beginning of this section he wrote "...dulces moriens reminiscitur Argos" ("...dying, he is sweetly remembering Argos.") It is a quotation from Vergil's "Aeneid". Antor, when he dies, thinks back to his homeland Argos in Greece. It was obviously meant in a sense that Liszt wished to be imagined as a person who, when dying, was remembering his own homeland Hungary. There is no doubt that all this was important for Liszt, but hardly anybody, without explanations just listening to the music, will be able to adequately understand it.
Liszt's own point of view regarding program music can for the time of his youth been taken from the preface of the "Album d'un voyageur" (1837). According to this, a landscape could evoke a certain kind of mood when being looked at. Since a piece of music could also evoke a mood, a mysterious resemblance with the landscape could be imagined. In this sense the music would not paint the landscape, but it would match the landscape in a third category, the mood.
In July 1854 Liszt wrote his essay about Berlioz and the Harold-Symphony which can be taken as his reply to the thesis by Hanslick. Liszt assured that, of course, not all music was program music. If, in the heat of a debate, a person would go so far as to claim the contrary, it would be better to put all ideas of program music aside. But it would be possible to take means like harmonization, modulation, rhythm, instrumentation and others in order to let a musical motif endure a fate. In any case, a program should only be added to a piece of music if it was necessarily needed for an adequate understanding of that piece.
Still later, in a letter to Marie d'Agoult of November 15, 1864, Liszt wrote:
This last point of view is very much resembling Hanslick's opinion. It is therefore not surprising that Liszt and Hanslick were not enemies. Whenever they met they did it with nearly friendly manners. In fact, Hanslick never denied that he considered Liszt as composer of genius. He just did not like some of Liszt's works as music.
Late works.
With some works from the end of the Weimar years a development commenced during which Liszt drifted more and more away from the musical taste of his time. An early example is the melodrama "Der traurige Mönch" ("The sad monk") after a poem by Nikolaus Lenau, composed in the beginning of October 1860. While in the 19th century harmonies were usually considered as major or minor triads to which dissonances could be added, Liszt took the augmented triad as central chord.
More examples can be found in the third volume of Liszt's "Années de Pèlerinage". "Les Jeux d'Eaux à la Villa d'Este" ("The Fountains of the Villa d'Este"), composed in September 1877 and in usual sense well sounding, foreshadows the impressionism of pieces on similar subjects by Debussy and Ravel. But besides, there are pieces like the "Marche funèbre, En mémoire de Maximilian I, Empereur du Mexique" ("Funeral march, In memory of Maximilian I, Emperor of Mexico"), composed 1867, without any stylistic parallel in the 19th and 20th centuries.
At a later step Liszt experimented with "forbidden" things such as parallel 5ths in the "Csardas marcabre" and atonality in the "Bagatelle sans tonalité" ("Bagatelle without Tonality"). In the last part of his "2de Valse oubliée" ("2nd Forgotten waltz") Liszt composed that he could not find a lyrical melody. Pieces like the "2d Mephisto-Waltz" are shocking with nearly endless repetitions of short motives. Also characteristic are the "Via crucis" of 1878 as well as pieces such as the two "Lugubrious Gondolas", "Unstern!" and "Nuages gris" of the 1880s. 
Besides eccentricities of such kinds, Liszt still made transcriptions of works by other composers. They are in most cases written in a more conventional style. But also in this genre Liszt arrived at a problematic end. An example from 1885 is a new version of his transcription of the "Pilgerchor" from Wagner's "Tannhäuser". Had the earlier version's title been "Chor der jüngeren Pilger", it was now "Chor der älteren Pilger". In fact, the pilgrims of the new version have become old and very tired. In the old complete-edition of the "Franz Liszt Stiftung" this version was omitted since it was feared, it might throw a bad light on Liszt as composer.
One of the most striking of Liszt's late paraphrases is his setting of the Sarabande and Chaconne from Handel's opera "Almira". This transcription was composed in 1879 for his English pupil Walter Bache, and it is the only setting of a baroque piece from Liszt's late period. Liszt's last song transcription was on Anton Rubinstein's "Der Asra" after a poem by Heine. No words are included, and the keyboard setting is reduced nearly to the absurd. In several parts the melody is missing. One of those parts is that with words, "Deinen Namen will ich wissen, deine Heimath, deine Sippschaft!" ("I want to know your name, your homeland, your tribe!") The answer is given at the song's end, but again without melody, i.e. with unspoken words. "Mein Stamm sind jene Asra, die sterben, wenn sie lieben." ("My tribe are those Asras, who are dying when they love.") Even more hidden, Liszt implemented still another answer in his piece. To the part with the question he put an ossia in which also the original accompaniment has disappeared. As own melody by Liszt, the solitary left hand plays a motive with two triplets, most resembling the opening motive of his "Tasso". The key is the Gypsy or Hungarian variant of g-Minor. In this sense it was Liszt's answer that his name was "Tasso", with meaning of an artist of outstanding creativity. His true homeland was art. But besides, he was until the grave "in heart and mind" Hungarian.
Several of Liszt's pupils of the 1880s left behind records from which the pieces played by themselves and their fellow students are known. With very few exceptions, the composer Liszt of the 1870s and 1880s did not exist in their repertoire. When a student, nearly always August Stradal or August Göllerich, played one of his late pieces, Liszt used to give sarcastic comments to it, of the sense, the composer had no knowledge of composition at all. If they would play such stuff at a concert, the papers would write, it was a pity that they had wasted their talents with music of such kinds. Further impressions can be drawn from the edition in twelve volumes of Liszt's piano works at "Edition Peters", Leipzig, by Emil Sauer.
Sauer had studied under Liszt in his latest years. But also in his edition the composer Liszt of this time does not exist. In the volume with song transcriptions, the latest pieces are the second version of the transcription of Eduard Lassen's "Löse Himmel meine Seele" ("Heaven, let my soul be free") and the transcription of Schumann's "Frühlingsnacht" ("Night in spring"). Liszt had made both in 1872. In a separate volume with the "Années de Pèlerinage", the only piece of Liszt's third volume is "Les Jeux d'Eaux à la Villa d'Este", while all of the rest was excluded. Of Liszt's transcriptions and fantasies on operatic melodies, the "Feierliche Marsch zum Heiligen Gral" of 1882 is present. However, also in this case a problematic aspect is to be found. In the original edition at "Edition Schott", Mainz, Liszt - in a note at the bottom of the first page - had asked the player to carefully take notice of the indications for the use of the right pedal. In Sauer's edition, the footnote is included, but Liszt's original pedal indications were substituted with pedal indications by Sauer. There is little doubt that Sauer, as well as several further of Liszt's prominent pupils, was convinced that he himself was a better composer than his old master.

</doc>
<doc id="19290400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290400" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 90 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19290413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290413" title="Aaron Pike">
Aaron Pike

Aaron Pike (born Aaron Pike Shainwald; also Aaron Pike Schonberg; September 29, 1981, New York City) is an activist who has appeared in numerous national publications speaking out in favor of same-sex marriage. He is a 2003 graduate of Brandeis University.
Activism.
On May 21, 2004, Aaron Pike Shainwald married his long-time boyfriend. The wedding and the events leading up to the wedding were the focus of MTV's "True Life: I'm Gay and I'm Getting Married", which aired throughout the 2004 season on the MTV networks around the globe.
Aaron was interviewed in "The Advocate", "TV Guide", "Boston Globe", "The New York Times", "Metro", "Boston Herald'"s "Inside Track", and in several other national and international media outlets. The show aired several times throughout the 2004 MTV season and now currently plays on Logo, MTV's sister channel.
The documentary won the 2005 GLAAD Outstanding Documentary Media award at the 16th GLAAD Media Awards and was accepted by the couple in March 2005 in New York City's Marriott Marquee, Times Square.
In September 2006, Aaron and his husband, Stephen, filed for divorce for irreconcilable differences and the divorce proceedings were finalized on January 18, 2007.
Aaron Pike is also featured in Wendy Diamond’s 2007 documentary In search of Puppy Love, which premiered at the Boston Film Festival.
In April 2008, Aaron Pike was interviewed for the New York Times Magazine cover story “Young Gay Rites”, by Benoit Denizet-Lewis. Aaron was interviewed about his feeling on equal marriage rights and was featured in a full page photograph by Erwin Olaf.

</doc>
<doc id="19290447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290447" title="Turbat Tehsil">
Turbat Tehsil

Turbat Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Kech District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The tehsil is administratively subdivided into seventeen Union Councils and is headquartered in the city of Turbat.

</doc>
<doc id="19290473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290473" title="Calderdale Council election, 2006">
Calderdale Council election, 2006

Elections to Calderdale Council were held on 4 May 2006. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
The table below summarises the results of the 2006 local government election. Each party is ordered by number of votes registered. 17 of the 51 seats were up for re-election. Although these are the results after the election, the number of seats per party changed later that year. Councillor Paul Rogan was returned by the Rastrick ward in this election for four years as a Conservative councillor and is included in the twenty Conservative seats shown below. However, after the 2006 election, he left the party and joined the English Democrats Party. Also this year, Councillor Nicholas Yates, who had been returned by the Brighouse ward in the 2004 election for four years and is included in the twenty Conservative seats shown below, left the party to continue his tenure as an Independent. This left the Conservatives with 18 seats, 1 held by the English Democrats and 4 held by Independents. In December 2006, Illingworth and Mixenden ward Councillor Tom McElroy (Labour) died suddenly, leaving Labour with nine seats. The by-election to succeed him took place on 22 February 2007, with Labour holding the ward.
'"Summary of the May 2006 Calderdale Metropolitan Borough Council election results
!colspan=2|Parties
!Seats
!Gains
!Losses
!Net<br>Gain/Loss
!Seats %
!Votes %
!Votes
!colspan=2|Total!!51!! !! !! !! !! !!54,434!!

</doc>
<doc id="19290483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290483" title="Moldflow">
Moldflow

Moldflow Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of Autodesk, Inc. that produces high-end plastic injection molding computer-aided engineering software. Moldflow was founded in Melbourne, Australia as Moldflow Pty. Ltd. in 1978 by Colin Austin. Moldflow Corporation is now headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts.
Products.
Moldflow Corporation's two core products are Moldflow Plastics Insight and Moldflow Plastics Advisers. In addition, Moldflow Corporation also produces Moldflow Design Link, Moldflow CAD Doctor, Moldflow Magics STL Expert, and Moldflow Structural Alliance that serve as connectivity tools for other CAD and CAE software. They also have a free results viewer, Moldflow Communicator.

</doc>
<doc id="19290484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290484" title="Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990">
Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990

Germany and ARD used a National Selection to select the entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, with the winner being chosen by televoting. Chris Kempers and Daniel Kovac were chosen as the winners with the song "Frei zu leben".
National final.
The National Final took place on March 29, 1990 at the German Theatre in Munich and was hosted by Hape Kerkeling. The songs were presented live and the winning song was chosen by televoting.
At Eurovision.
"Frei zu leben" was performed thirteenth on the night, following Switzerland and preceding France. At the close of voting, it had received 60 points, placing 9th of 22 countries competing.

</doc>
<doc id="19290517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290517" title="Thomas C. Creighton">
Thomas C. Creighton

Tom Creighton (born February 19, 1945) is a former Republican Party member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 37th District, serving from 2001 through 2013.
Career.
Creighton held a number of positions prior to his political career, including a plant engineer/manager for Kellogg Company a research engineer for the National Bureau of Standards and a research scientist for Armstrong World Industries. Creighton has also been an instructor at Indiana University of Pennsylvania and a science teacher in the Altoona Area School District. His prior elected offices include Judge of Elections and Township Supervisor in Rapho Township, Pennsylvania.
Creighton was elected in 2000 to replace Rep. Katie True who retired from the House in order to run for Pennsylvania Auditor General. He has been re-elected three times.
Creighton currently sits on the House Commerce, Judiciary, and State Government committees.
Personal.
Creighton is a resident of Rapho Township, Pennsylvania in Lancaster County. He earned a B.S. degree in physics from Juniata College and a masters degree in physics and mathematics from Indiana University of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19290540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290540" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lamar County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lamar County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Lamar County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Lamar County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19290550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290550" title="USS Livingston (AP-163)">
USS Livingston (AP-163)

USS "Livingston" (AP-163/AK-222) was a "Crater"-class cargo ship built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations, provided valuable services to the U.S. Pacific Fleet, and returned home after the war with two battle stars to her credit.
Liberty ship built in California.
"Livingston" (AP-163) was laid down as "Josiah D. Whitney" 22 March 1943 by California Shipbuilding Corporation, Wilmington, California, under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract; launched 16 April 1943; sponsored by Mrs. D. W. Fernhout; acquired by the Navy 25 October 1943; renamed "Livingston" 30 October 1943; and commissioned 10 November 1943, Lt. Cmdr. Leroy J. Alexanderson in command.
World War II service.
After loading cargo, "Livingston" departed Port Hueneme, California, 22 November 1943 for Pearl Harbor, where she prepared for the Marshall Islands campaign. Departing Pearl Harbor 25 January 1944 with U.S. Marines and Seabees, the transport arrived off Majuro 3 February to reinforce that island. Majuro, with its spacious lagoon, was ideal base for the mobile supply force under Capt. Worral R. Carter. After unloading her cargo, "Livingston" returned Pearl Harbor 21 February to prepare for the next assignment.
Following another cruise to Majuro in March the transport remained in the Hawaiian Islands, rehearsing with the 27th Infantry Division for the Saipan invasion. Preparations complete, she departed Pearl Harbor 29 May, touched Kwajalein briefly, and arrived off Saipan 20 June. Needed “to secure control of sea communications through the central Pacific,” Saipan was the scene of a bitter battle in which 24,000 Japanese lost their lives futilely attempting to stop the American offensive. "Livingston" remained off Saipan supporting the fighters ashore until she sailed for Eniwetok 2 July.
Throughout the summer, she transported troops and equipment among the Allied-occupied islands in the Marshall Islands, the Gilbert Islands, and the Mariana Islands. Reclassified "AK-222" on 20 August, she returned to Pearl Harbor 6 days later for additional supplies. "Livingston" returned to the advance bases 30 September, arriving at Eniwetok. For the next 4 months, she made cargo runs to the occupied islands before departing Saipan 26 January 1945 for San Francisco, California.
Following a stateside overhaul, the cargo ship resumed operations in mid-April. After a round-trip cruise to Pearl Harbor, she sailed again from San Francisco, California, 15 May for Tarawa, Gilbert Islands. From arrival 12 June, she continued servicing American island forces in Micronesia throughout the rest of the war. Remaining in the western Pacific Ocean after the Japanese surrender, "Livingston" shuttled troops and cargo among the islands until late November. Departing Manus on the 29th, she arrived Seattle, Washington, 19 December.
Post-war decommissioning.
On 6 January 1946 the cargo ship arrived San Francisco where she decommissioned 27 February and was returned to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) the same day. She entered the National Defense Reserve Fleet and was berthed at Suisun Bay, California until sold for scrapping on 13 February 1973, physically departing the reserve fleet on 27 March 1973.
Honors and awards.
"Livingston" received two battle stars for World War II service:
Qualified "Livingston" personnel were eligible for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19290581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290581" title="Order processing">
Order processing

Order Processing
Order processing is a key element of Order fulfillment. Order processing operations or facilities are commonly called "distribution centers". "Order processing" is the term generally used to describe the process or the work flow associated with the picking, packing and delivery of the packed item(s) to a shipping carrier. The specific "order fulfillment process" or the operational procedures of distribution centers are determined by many factors. Each distribution center has its own unique requirements or priorities. There is no "one size fits all" process that universally provides the most efficient operation. Some of the factors that determine the specific process flow of a distribution center are:
This list is only a small sample of factors that influence the choice of a distribution centers operational procedures. Because each factor has varying importance in each organization the net effect is that each organization has unique processing requirements.
The effect of Globalization has immense impacts on much of the order fulfillment but its impact is felt most in transportation and distribution.
SKU or Stock-keeping unit
Multi SKU Orders - single SKU Orders
Small volume distribution
Minimizing shipping costs
Case picking vs item or each picking
Order processing methodologies
Single item picking
Pick to order
Batch pick to order
Batch pick and sort to order
Wave Picking
Waveless picking
Information management systems in distribution
Sorting machines in distribution

</doc>
<doc id="19290608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290608" title="Arddleen railway station">
Arddleen railway station

Arddleen railway station served the village of Arddlin in Powys, Wales, sited on the former Cambrian Railways between Oswestry and Welshpool. Served by the Oswestry and Newtown railway, it was situated near the English border.
History.
Although the Cambrian main line through Arddleen was opened for service on 1 May 1860, Arddleen Station did not come fully into service until 1863. The line was created by the Oswestry and Newtown Railway then absorbed into the Cambrian Railways and it became part of the Great Western Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. Arddleen was reclassified as a Halt in June 1954 when the original station building, which incorporated a small booking office and waiting room, was replaced by a simple wooden shelter. In 1954 when the building was demolished and the station reclassified as a Halt it was possible that in that same year the platform was rebuilt showing the fancy stone facing on the platform frontage.
Situated between Four Crosses and Pool Quay the Halt came under the control of the Station Master at Four Crosses. Arddleen Halt was 154 ft in length and was sited on the up side of the single running line. The platform was constructed of fabricated stone block, in-filled and laid with a tarmac surface.
Access to the halt was from a small lane that ran parallel to the towpath of the Montgomeryshire Canal and the railway.
A stone built house stood adjacent to the railway and was called Station House but with no railway architectural features it bore no original connection to the railway, having its alliance more to the canal which was opened in 1821, having been authorised as early as 1794.
The house was however used as family accommodation for railway personnel from the opening of the railway right up until its closure in 1965.It is certain that up until the early part of the 20th century there was a Station Master resident in the house.
Under the GWR Directive 'Halts Where Staff are Not Employed' it was up to the Station Master at Four Crosses in later years to visit the halts which were under his supervision to see that the premises were in proper condition and that notice boards, gates, lamps and shelters etc. were properly looked after.
In later years there were very few scheduled stops at Arddleen, although request stops to the Guard were generally possible. There was almost an hourly service between Welshpool and Oswestry but only one or two of these were timetabled to stop at Arddleen. Some services only stopped on a few specific days of the week.
Arddleen Station (Halt) was then closed to passengers on 18 January 1965 by the British Railways Board as part of the closure of the section from Oswestry (LLynclys)to Buttington Junction.
The site today.
The single platform and adjacent original Station House (now a private dwelling) still remain on the site. It is interesting to note that the Station House does not possess any railway architectural features and probably pre-dates the building of the railway, probably being related originally to the Montgomeryshire canal which runs alongside.The railway bridge just beyond the station, looking towards Pool Quay, was demolished and the cutting filled in during the 1980s as part of the straightening of the A483 road towards Welshpool. The canal bridge which was situated at the entrance to the Station access lane was also demolished at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="19290613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290613" title="Derby Day (1923 film)">
Derby Day (1923 film)

Derby Day is a 1923 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 19th "Our Gang" short subject released.
Plot.
As the gang are selling lemonade across the street from the racetrack, they meet up with Mary, who's rich father owns one of the horses. She gets them into the track, and they're sufficiently impressed to start up their own junior version. 
Notes.
When the television rights for the original silent Pathé Our Gang comedies were sold to National Telepix and other distributors, several episodes were retitled. This film was released into TV syndication as Mischief Makers in 1960 under the title "Little Jockeys". About two-thirds of the original film was included.

</doc>
<doc id="19290618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290618" title="Muskegon Lumberjacks (1992–2010)">
Muskegon Lumberjacks (1992–2010)

The Muskegon Lumberjacks was an International Hockey League ice hockey team located in Muskegon, Michigan. After the 2010 season the team folded, and the Evansville IceMen Owner Ron Geary purchased the franchise rights of the former Muskegon Lumberjacks, from the International Hockey League and moved the franchise rights to Evansville, Indiana.
Muskegon Fury (1992-2008).
The Muskegon Fury was an International Hockey League ice hockey team located in Muskegon, Michigan. The team's colors wereTeal, Purple, Black. The Fury were established in 1992 after the original Muskegon Lumberjacks of the International Hockey League's previous incarnation relocated to Cleveland, Ohio. Hockey had been in Muskegon for 32 consecutive seasons to that point and Tony Lisman, Owner/President of the Fury, would not let that tradition end. Lisman kept his vow to keep hockey in Muskegon by establishing the Fury in the Colonial Hockey League, and has been very successful in doing so throughout the league's name changes.
The Fury lost to the Danbury Trashers in the 2005-2006 playoffs in their bid for a third consecutive Colonial Cup championship.
On August 30, 2006, Bruce Ramsay was named the Fury head coach for the 2006-2007 season, replacing Todd Nelson, who had accepted the assistant coaching position for the Chicago Wolves a few days earlier.Nelson is now serving as an assistant coach for the NHL Atlanta Thrashers. Ramsay resigned after the 2008-2009 season to become the head coach of the Tulsa Oilers in the Central Hockey League. Ramsay was replaced for the 2009-2010 season by Rich Kromm.
Erin Whitten 
Return of the Lumberjacks.
On September 12, 2008, new owners Stacey Patulskey, Jeff Patulskey and Tim Taylor changed the teams name from the Muskegon Fury to the Lumberjacks to reflect back on what many remember as the glory days of hockey in Muskegon.
The Lumberjacks are affiliated with the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League. The Battle Creek Revolution of the All American Hockey League serves as the Lumberjacks farm team affiliate.
On February 8, 2010 it was announced that the Lumberjacks franchise would fold following the 2009-10 season. On June 23, 2010 the International Hockey League announced that Ron Geary had finalized the transaction to purchase the Muskegon Lumberjacks’ IHL franchise from the IHL and move to it Evansville, Indiana as the Evansville IceMen at the conclusion of the 2009-10 IHL season. The dormant Rochester Mustangs franchise of the USHL would move to Muskegon taking on the name Muskegon Lumberjacks.
Championships.
NOTE: The league's name has changed over the years from the Colonial Hockey League (until 1997), United Hockey League (1997–2007), and the International Hockey League (2007–2010).

</doc>
<doc id="19290639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290639" title="Lukens Steel Company">
Lukens Steel Company

Lukens Steel Company, located in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, is the oldest steel mill in commission within the United States.
In 1995, it was one of the three largest producers of plate steel and the largest domestic manufacturer of alloy-plate. It is ranked fourth out of 24 public steel corporations in profitability, earning 14.8% equity five years in a row. The company produces carbon, alloy, and clad steel plates along with stainless steel sheets, strips, plates, hot bands, and slabs.
History.
18th and 19th centuries.
Isaac Pennock established The Federal Slitting Mill in 1793 on Buck Run, a stream about four miles south of Coatesville, Pennsylvania. After receiving a loan in 1810, Pennock went into a partnership with Jesse Kersey to form Brandywine Iron Works and Nail Factory. Kersey’s father-in-law was Moses Coates, a member of the founding family of Coatesville. After seven years as partners, Pennock bought Kersey’s share of the business and then leased it to his son-in-law, Dr. Charles Lloyd Lukens. The following year the mill became the first in the United States to produce boilerplates and soon joined the shipbuilding industry. In 1818, Lukens produced the iron for the first iron-hull vessel in the United States.
Dr. Charles Lloyd Lukens died in 1825, leaving the steel mill to his wife Rebecca Lukens. This inheritance made Rebecca Lukens the first woman in the United States to be a part of the iron industry. She was also the first female chief executive officer of an industrial company. She became a huge icon for the steel mill when she saved it from bankruptcy by making the company the nation’s chief producer of boilerplates. They were sent to England to be used in some of the first railway locomotives.
When Rebecca retired in 1847 she became a silent partner with Abraham Gibbons, who was one of her sons-in-law, and was the sole manager of the mill. The company was known as A. Gibbons and Company. The following year Gibbons took on his brother-in-law, Dr. Charles Huston as a partner. Dr. Huston was also one of Rebecca’s sons-in-law. In 1849 the men renamed the mill Gibbons and Huston. Gibbons had married Rebecca’s oldest daughter Martha, while Dr. Charles Huston married the youngest Isabella. Not long after, Gibbons left the family business to become a co-founder of The Bank of Chester Valley. After Gibbons left, Isabella took the role as senior partner through her mother’s estate. She also bought her sister Martha’s share. Huston went on to build a new steam powered mill in 1870. During 1881 the company started to produce steel and iron and changed the name from Gibbons and Huston to Charles Huston and Sons. After Rebecca died Isabella and Charles changed the name to Lukens Rolling Mill. With all the changes another mill had to be built in 1890 making the company the largest mill in the United States. Within the same year the mill changed from a family partnership to a corporation, converting the name to Lukens Iron and Steel.
Several years later in 1897 Dr. Huston died leaving the company to his sons, Abram Francis Huston who became president of the company and Charles Lukens Huston who became works manager. By 1882 Charles Lukens Huston made it a part of his daily routine to go around the mill and meet all the employees and was proud to be able to greet them by name. He also performed sermons to the men and women that worked and wanted to listen. Sales offices began to open all over, including Baltimore, Boston, Cincinnati, New Orleans and New York. Not long after the opening the mill became the largest producer of open-hearth steel and steel plates on the Eastern side of the United States.
20th century.
The Lukens Main Office Building was erected in 1902, and later expanded in 1916.
In 1903 Lukens had a new addition put on a steam-driven mill and that produced 136 inch wide steel plates. These were the largest plates being created in the United States. During 1917 the company adjusted the name again to Lukens Steel Company. Continuing through the year Lukens started to produce 204 inch steel plates making it the creator of the World’s largest plate. Two years later the plates increased another two inches to 206, staying at the World’s largest plate mill for over 40 years.
In 1925 Abram Huston's son-in-law, Robert Wolcott, took his place as president of the mill. During World War I the company lost money but returned into good fortune in 1929 with a net income of $876,563 on sales nearing $20.4 million. Wolcott pushed the company through the tough times of The Great Depression. Production rates fell from 446,774 tons to 165,731 tons. Wolcott made a lot of cost reductions, intensive sales, and additional services such as partial fabrications before shipment in attempt to save the company. In 1930 the clad plate, which includes permanent bonding of two or more different metals that protects against rust, corrosion and abrasion, was brought to the production line. This gave Lukens the biggest inclusive line of clad steel in the business.
1937 led to an agreement with the Steel Workers Organization Committee. They accommodated the union members for a compromised agreement pertaining to wages, hours and benefits. By 1940 the company’s debt was reduced and it was ready to prepare for the incoming demands of World War II. The U.S. Navy built a finishing mill that Lukens leased and operated to meet the demands. They named a Liberty ship after Rebecca Lukens. When 1944 rolled around the employment reached a record high of 6,166. As the war came to a close the profits hit a new record of $2.8 million, net sales hit $61.5 million and production of steel was at 578,461 tons. In 1949 Wolcott was succeed by Charles Lukens Huston, Jr. making him the 5th generation to own the company.
The greatest production of steel was in 1953 when the mill produced 763,461 tons. Net sales reached $130.5 million and income at $10.2 million in 1957. A year later a new steel producing facility was built surrounding a 100-ton electric furnace. The Coatesville mill now covered and of building space.
1970 brought completed construction of a $12.8 million strand casting facility that produced steel slabs faster and reduced handling costs. By 1974 production of raw steel reach 958,000 tons and net sales reached $283.4 million. Huston Jr. retired that year ending the family dynasty since 1810. The following year the mill equipped four enormous electric furnaces that phased out the open-hearth furnaces. Economic problems hit the company hard in the late 70’s. High energy costs, interest rates, and employment costs as well as competition from other metals and cheap imported material put a decrease on net income from 4.2% to 1.3% and plates sales dropped from 11% to 8%.
W.R. Wilson became president and chief executive officer in 1981. Also in 1981, Lukens acquired General Steel Industries Inc., a producer of steel, crushing and conveying machinery, reflective highway signs, and protective coats for oil and gas pipelines, for $66 million. The company also bought 3.6 miles of railroad from Consolidated Rail Corp called Brandywine Valley Railroad Co. The next year, Lukens would make two small purchases each year and one large every three years with non-steel productions. That same year steel was removed from the name to become Lukens Inc. From January through September 1982 in order to decrease costs the company reduced its work force by 22% and cut employee’s pay 10%.
Over the following year the mill lost $14 million putting it back into the red zone for the first time since 1938. Profit came back when Wilson cut costs by $50 million over four years. In order to do so he had to let go of half of the white-collar salaried staff. He was also able to straighten out a thirteen-year lawsuit by agreeing to pay 1,300 black workforce members $2.5 million in reimbursement and arranged to put a target to fill 18% of its hours and salary positions with black workers.
1988 earned profit a of $33.4 million on sales of $605.3 million and Lukens sold Canadian Lukens. The company won the largest single order in history. It consisted of a $74 million contract to supply carbon and military alloy plates over five years to be used in construction of two Nimitz-class nuclear aircraft carriers. They were then used to target warships in the world. By the next year the company hit a record profit of $41.5 million on sales of $644.9 million. Military orders turned the company around once again. The mill supplied alloy plate steel for projects like the Army’s Abrams tank and the Navy’s Aegis class cruisers, ballistic missiles and submarines.
Around October 1991 a walkout over financial and healthcare issues caused 1,200 plus workers at Lukens to unite at the Coatesville mill. The workers wanted to eliminate contracting out. Nonunion workers were hired to perform duties not directly tied to making steel along with salaried employees kept the mill running. About 85% of the normal production was kept going during the 105-day walkout that ended with the strikers not getting what they wanted.
In 1992, Lukens purchased Washington Steel Corporation for $273.7 million. Washington gave Lukens enough volume to rationalize building a new rolling mill in Conshohocken, Pa adaptable to stainless and carbon products. This system was called Steckel Mill Advanced Rolling Technology (SMART). The SMART technology was able to produce stainless coil plates up to 102 inches when the former limit was 60 inches.
New chairmen and CEO R.W Van Sant sold Flex-O-Light producer of highway safety products, Ludlow-Saylor division, South Central Railroad Co in 1994 and Energy Coating Co to Dresser Industries Inc in 1995, which brought Lukens $70 million. Producing raw steel from an electric-arc furnace at the Coatesville plant produced 70% of their slabs. The Washington Stainless Group including the Washington Steel Corp’s melting, continuous casting and hot-rolling facilities in Houston, Pa and the rolling and finishing facilities were in Washington, Pa.
Bethlehem Steel eventually bought Lukens in 1997 for $400 million in cash and stock.
21st century.
In 2003, International Steel Group Inc (ISG) bought Bethlehem for $1.5 billion. The following year ISG was bought out by Mittal Steel for $4.5 billion. In 2006 Mittal Steel and Arcelor merged to make a steel company three times the size of any other steel company for $33.6 billion. From 2006 until the present the name has remained the same.

</doc>
<doc id="19290649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290649" title="Landlord Law &amp; Multi-housing Report">
Landlord Law &amp; Multi-housing Report

Landlord Law & Multi-housing Report is a news service (or newsletter) produced in Silver Spring, Maryland by CD Publications. It covers federal and state court decisions and HUD rulings on public, assisted, senior and disabled housing.
History.
CD Publications began publishing housing-related newsletters in 1961, starting with "Housing Affairs Letter". "Managing Housing Letter" began publication in 1978, and "Landlord Law Report" was added in 1996. In late 2006, "MHL" was merged with "LLR" to form "Landlord Law & Multi-housing Report", which still is referred to as "LLR".
Current Coverage.
"LLR" carries synopses of recent federal and state court decisions on fair housing, premises liability, rent/lease issues, eviction, handicapped accessibility, building security, and Section 8 tenants, plus summaries of HUD rulings. Each article also includes a short "lesson" to be learned from the outcome of the case.
Expansion.
In 2007, "LLR" was changed to a web-based format and, along with CD Publications' other housing news services, was moved onto the web portal HousingandDevelopment.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19290654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290654" title="Jacobo Palm">
Jacobo Palm

Jacobo Palm (28 November 1887 – 1 July 1982) was a Curaçao-born composer. 
Biography.
Jacobo José Maria Palm was the grandson of Jan Gerard Palm (1831-1906) who is often referred to as the "father of Curaçao classical music". At the age of seven Jacobo Palm started to take lessons in music from his grandfather. Jacobo played several musical instruments such as piano, organ, violin, clarinet and flute. As an organist, Palm played for more than 50 years (1914-1968) in the pro-cathedral Santa Ana in Curaçao. As a concert master, Jacobo Palm played for many years in the Curaçao Philharmonic Orchestra. He was also a member of the Curaçao string quartet in which he played the viola. As a concert pianist Jacobo Palm accompanied well known musicians such as Dalman from Argentina, Del Orbe from Santo Domingo, Luis Palma and the cellist Bogumil Sykora. Numerous students followed lessons in music from Jacobo Palm. They originate from countries such as The Netherlands Antilles, Aruba, Venezuela, Colombia and The Netherlands. His most talented students were his own daughters Irma Rojer-Palm (violin), Elsa Debrot-Palm (piano), Nelly Jongepier (piano), and composers Wim Statius Muller (piano) and his grandson Robert Rojer (piano).
Compositions.
As a composer, Palm wrote numerous pieces for piano, but also organ music for religious services and music for songs. His compositions not only reveal his admiration for the Polish composer Chopin but also a delicate sensitivity for the polyrhythmic character of Caribbean, Latin American and more in particular Curaçaon music. In 1981, 66 of his compositions were published.

</doc>
<doc id="19290678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290678" title="Tony Dumper">
Tony Dumper

The Right Reverend Anthony Charles Dumper (4 October 1923 - 27 August 2012) was the suffragan Bishop of Dudley from 1977 until 1993.
Dumper was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge. As a pacifist, he was a conscientious objector during the Second World War, working on the land.
Hw was ordained in 1947, and began his ecclesiastical career with a Curacy in Greenwich. He went overseas to be Vicar of Perak and then Archdeacon of North Malaysia before his elevation to the Episcopate. A keen gardener, Bishop Anthony was married with two sons and one daughter and in retirement continued to serve the church as an honorary assistant bishop within the Diocese of Birmingham.
Tony Dumper died on 27 August 2012, age 88, at his home in Bristol.

</doc>
<doc id="19290697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290697" title="Chen Pingyuan">
Chen Pingyuan

Chen Pingyuan is professor of Chinese Literature at Peking University. His major works include "The Literati's Chivalric Dreams" (1991) and "The Establishment of Modern Scholarship in China" (1998). An interview with him appears in the book One China, Many Paths.

</doc>
<doc id="19290699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290699" title="Peranakan Museum">
Peranakan Museum

The Peranakan Museum is a museum in Singapore specialising in Peranakan culture. A sister museum to the Asian Civilizations Museum, it is the first of its kind in the world, that explore Peranakan cultures in Singapore and other former Straits Settlements in Malacca and Penang, and other Peranakan communities in Southeast Asia. It is housed in the Old Tao Nan School building at Armenian Street, which served as an extended wing to the artefact collection of Asian Civilisations Museum. 
On January 1, 2006 the Museum, known then as "ACM 1" closed the Armenian Street wing for a major revamp. At its closure, the museum management chose Peranakan culture theme over a children's museum and a Chinese ceramic museum as their new showcase in the Tao Nan School space. This enabled the Museum to house the world's most distinctive and comprehensive Peranakan museum collection of artifacts and wares, with a potential annual visitorship numbers of 112,000 people. Also, the revamp enabled 25 per cent more exhibition space for contextual displays for different aspects of Peranakan home and lifestyle. It also includes plans for Peranakan-themed eateries and shops in the row of four shop-houses adjacent to its building.
The museum officially opened on April 25, 2008, with ten permanent galleries showcasing main themes of Peranakan life. A central feature of the museum is the Peranakan Wedding Bed which once belonged to Mrs. Quah Hong Chiam of Penang, and the very bed where she gave birth to the first seven of her 11 children.
The different galleries are found in the following manner:
Gallery 1 titled "Origins" provides an introduction to Peranakan culture and to various Peranakan communities in Singapore, Malacca, Penang and Southeast Asia. Visitors to the subsequent rooms will learn about the story of the traditional 12-day Peranakan wedding, where significant ceremonies like the lap chai (exchange of gifts) and chiu thau (coming of age) are presented. Visitors can also see the
elaborate wedding chamber and a wedding procession taking place indoors on Level 2. Gallery 6 "Nonya", features the arts and crafts of Nonyas like beadwork, along with a display on the Nonya kebaya, and the womenfolks' role of transmitting cultural values to Peranakan children. Gallery 7 shows "Religion", on Peranakans and their faiths. Gallery 8 illustrates the commerce, politics and social affairs of prominent Peranakans in Singapore’s history in this exhibition titled "Public Life." Gallery 9 on "Food and Feasting", provides a grand banquet setting with the world’s best collection of nonya porcelain. And finally the visual experience concludes with an introspection of modern Peranakans and how they feel about their heritage and the future of their culture in Gallery 10 ("Conversations"). Additional "Special Exhibitions Galleries" will feature changing specific-themed exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19290701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290701" title="Jessieville High School">
Jessieville High School

Jessieville High School is a comprehensive public secondary school for students in grades 9 through 12, located in Jessieville, Arkansas, a city in Garland County. The school is the sole high school managed by the Jessieville School District.
Academics.
The assumed course of study for students follows the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE), which requires students complete at least 22 units to graduate. Students engage in regular courses and exams and may take Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams with the opportunity for college credit. Jessieville High School offers several classes eligible for college credit in conjunction with National Park Community College.
Extracurricular activities.
The school mascot is the lion with blue and white serving as the school colors.
The Jessieville Lions are members of the 3A Classification administered by the Arkansas Activities Association competing in the 3A Region 5 Conference for interscholastic sporting activities. The Lions participate in team and individual events including: football, volleyball, golf (boys/girls), basketball (boys/girls), bowling (boys/girls), cross country (boys/girls), tennis (boys/girls), baseball, softball, and track and field (boys/girls).
Beyond athletics, Jessieville students participate in a variety of clubs and organizations, including: Art Club, Bass Fishing Club, Beta Club, Book Club:
Civitan Club, FBLA, Fellowship of Christian Athletes (FCA), FCCLA, FOR (Friends of Rachel), HS GT, Key Club, Math Club, Science Club, Talent Search.

</doc>
<doc id="19290705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290705" title="Bernard Joseph McLaughlin">
Bernard Joseph McLaughlin

Bernard Joseph McLaughlin (born November 19, 1912) is an American Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the second oldest American Bishop behind Peter Leo Gerety of Trenton, New Jersey.
Early life and education.
McLaughlin was born in North Tonawanda, New York on November 19, 1912. He was the son of Michael Henry McLaughlin and Mary Agnes Curran McLaughlin. He was baptized Ascension Church in North Tonawanda in 1912.
The McLaughlin family later moved to Visitation Parish in Buffalo, New York where he attended the parish school. In 1925, he entered the Preparatory Seminary in the Diocese of Buffalo and was a member of its first graduation class. Five years later he left Buffalo to attend the Urban College for the Propagation of the Faith in Rome, Italy. He was ordained Ordained a priest in St. John Lateran Basilica, Vatican City, on December 21, 1935. He continued further studies and remained in Rome for another six months before returning to Buffalo.
Religious life.
On August 14, 1936 he was named as assistant at St. Joseph New Cathedral. He remained there until June 1942 when he was appointed secretary of the diocesan Tribunal. In 1946 he was appointed assistant chancellor and soon after became vice chancellor of the diocese. He became chancellor of the diocese on December 16, 1953.
In November 1950 he was chosen to establish the new parish of Coronation of the Blessed Virgin Mary on Buffalo’s West Side. He continued his duties at the Chancery during his time as pastor and in June 1961 was transferred from Coronation to become pastor of Blessed Sacrament Parish, Kenmore, New York. He remained at Blessed Sacrament until 1972 when he was named pastor of St. John the Baptist Parish in Kenmore, New York.
McLaughlin was appointed to Auxiliary bishop Buffalo Diocese on December 28, 1968 and received his episcopal consecration on January 6, 1969 at the hands of Pope Paul VI. This was the first time a diocesan priest from Buffalo was ordained a bishop by a pope. He was given the title of Titular Bishop of Mottola.
McLaughlin received several honors from the Vatican. On April 6, 1950, Pope Pius XII made him a Private Chamberlain with the title of Very Reverend Monsignor. Three years later he was raised to the rank of Domestic Prelate with the title of Right Reverend Monsignor. On December 4, 1967, Pope Paul made him a Prothonotary Apostolic. In addition to his work as chancellor, Bishop McLaughlin was been a member of the board of diocesan Consultors and a vicar general.
He also served as an advocate of the diocesan Tribunal; professor of Labor Ethics at the Diocesan Labor Management College, and founder of several parish Labor schools. In addition, he served as chaplain of the Catholic Guild for the Blind, and was a secretary of the Diocesan Synod. On September 14, 1968, he was made a Knight of the Holy Sepulchre at St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York City by Archbishop Terence Cooke.
Later life.
Pope John Paul II accepted McLaughlin’s letter of retirement on January 15, 1988 according to church law which requires bishops to submit their letters of retirement from administration on their 75th birthday. When his retirement was accepted, he became Auxiliary Bishop Emeritus of Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="19290706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290706" title="Tropical Storm Dalila (2007)">
Tropical Storm Dalila (2007)

Tropical Storm Dalila caused flooding in western Mexico in late July 2007. The seventh tropical cyclone and the fourth named storm of the 2007 Pacific hurricane season, Dalila developed from a tropical wave located well southwest of Mexico on July 22. Initially, northeasterly shear caused the depression to remain disorganized, though by early on July 24, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Dalila. During the next twenty-four hours, Dalila strengthened slightly further while tracking steadily northwestward, attaining peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) early on the following day. Shortly thereafter, Dalila either crossed or moved very close to Socorro Island on July 25. Due to decreasing sea surface temperatures, the storm slowly began to weaken, after curving west-northwestward. Early on July 27, Dalila was downgraded to a tropical depression, several hours before degenerating into a remnant low pressure area. 
Despite its close passage to Socorro Island near peak intensity, no impact was reported. On the mainland of Mexico, the outerbands of Dalila dropped heavy rainfall, especially in Baja California Sur, Jalisco, with more than of precipitation in some areas. The worst flooding occurred in Jalisco, where streets were inundated with more than of water, causing many car accidents. Additionally, 50 homes were destroyed, leaving approximately 200 people homeless. Eleven fatalities were confirmed, all of them occurred in Jalisco, most of which from drowning. Portions of Baja California Sur also experienced heavy rains from Dalila and its remnants, though no flooding was reported.
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave entered the eastern Pacific Ocean on July 17. Two days later, the wave spawned a low pressure area while located several hundred miles south-southeast of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. The National Hurricane Center began issuing Tropical Weather Outlooks (TWOs) and initially noting that slow development was possible within the next 48 hours. Convective activity increased and Dvorak satellite classifications began early on July 21. Another TWO issued later that day indicated that the circulation was becoming better-defined. After additional development, it is estimated that Tropical Depression Seven-E formed at 0000 UTC on July 22, while about south of Manzanillo, Colima. A strong upper-level high pressure area generated moderate shear, though the National Hurricane Center noted that it would not interfere with intensification. However, the depression initially failed to strengthen significantly. It remained disorganized, with the circulation elongated northeastward to southwestward and deep convection displaced to the west. Early on July 23, a burst of deep convection occurred southwest of the center of circulation, while satellite imagery indicated that development of banding features.
Until late on July 23, it was predicted that the depression would strengthen significantly and peak with winds of 70 mph (110 km/h), just slightly under hurricane intensity. Finally, the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Dalila by 0000 UTC on July 24. Due to an anticipated decrease in wind shear, Dalila was again predicted to peak with winds of 70 mph (110 km/h) early on July 26. However, at 0000 UTC on July 25, Dalila attained its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of . Shortly thereafter, it passed over or very close to Socorro Island. Later on July 25, Dalila curved west-northwestward and began entering a region of colder sea surface temperatures, resulting in weakening as the cloud pattern became less organized. Due to the quick deterioration of the storm, the National Hurricane Center noted that, "Dalila is winding down faster than anticipated". Early on July 27, it weakened to a tropical depression. Later that day, the storm became devoid of deep convection for over 12 hours. As a result, the National Hurricane Center ceased advisories on Dalila late on July 27, since it degenerated into a remnant low pressure area while located about west of the southern tip of Baja California. The remnant low moved west-northwestward during the next few days and then curved west-southwestward on July 29. It drifted southward on July 30 and dissipated about west of the southern tip of Baja California later that day.
Impact and aftermath.
Because the storm remained well away from the mainland of Mexico, no tropical cyclone warnings and watches were issued. However, the Civil Defense authorities in Mexico posted a "blue alert" for the states of Baja California Sur, Colima, Jalisco, Michoacán, and Nayarit on July 23. Simultaneously, a "green alert" was issued for Colima, Jalisco, and Michoacán. Rainfall in excess of fell in parts of western Mexico on July 22. The heavy rains triggered flooding in Jalisco that killed 11 people. Three people drowned in a van after driving into a flooded road, while a fourth fatality occurred after another car was swept away into a river. The fifth fatality also resulted from drowning near a hydroelectric plant. Four people were killed after a train derailed on a flooded track. Five other people were injured by the crash, two of which were critically injured. Flood waters up to covered numerous roads, stranding 45 vehicles and resulting in 75 accidents, which caused at least 25 injuries. About 50 homes were destroyed by the storm in Jalisco, leaving approximately 200 people homeless. 
There was also significant flooding in Michoacán, where up to of precipitation fell in the city of Zamora. City officials reported that 10 neighborhoods were flooded. In rural areas of Michoacán, a combination of heavy rains and hail destroyed about 40 homes. Offshore the city of Acapulco in Guerrero, several waterspouts were spawned. As the storm weakened, it produced rough seas and heavy rains over parts of Baja California Sur. Although Dalila passed over Socorro Island with winds of 60 mph (95 km/h), there were no reports of any deaths or damage. Following the storm, the Government of Mexico supplied the affected residents with special care, blankets, and cardboard sheets.

</doc>
<doc id="19290718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290718" title="Annelid">
Annelid

The annelids (also called "ringed worms"), formally called Annelida (from Latin "anellus" "little ring"), are a large phylum of segmented worms, with over 17,000 modern species including ragworms, earthworms and leeches. They are found in marine environments from tidal zones to hydrothermal vents, in freshwater, and in moist terrestrial environments. They are bilaterally symmetrical, triploblastic, coelomate organisms. They have parapodia for locomotion. Although most textbooks still use the traditional division into polychaetes (almost all marine), oligochaetes (which include earthworms) and leech-like species, research since 1997 has radically changed this scheme, viewing leeches as a sub-group of oligochaetes and oligochaetes as a sub-group of polychaetes. In addition, the Pogonophora, Echiura and Sipuncula, previously regarded as separate phyla, are now regarded as sub-groups of polychaetes. Annelids are considered members of the Lophotrochozoa, a "super-phylum" of protostomes that also includes molluscs, brachiopods, flatworms and nemerteans.
The basic annelid form consists of two segments, each of which has the same sets of organs and, in most polychaetes, a pair of parapodia that many species use for locomotion. Septa separate the segments of many species, but are poorly defined or absent in some, and Echiura and Sipuncula show no obvious signs of segmentation. In species with well-developed septa, the blood circulates entirely within blood vessels, and the vessels in segments near the front ends of these species are often built up with muscles to act as hearts. The septa of these species also enable them to change the shapes of individual segments, which facilitates movement by peristalsis ("ripples" that pass along the body) or by undulations that improve the effectiveness of the parapodia. In species with incomplete septa or none, the blood circulates through the main body cavity without any kind of pump, and there is a wide range of locomotory techniques – some burrowing species turn their pharynges inside out to drag themselves through the sediment.
Although many species can reproduce asexually and use similar mechanisms to regenerate after severe injuries, sexual reproduction is the normal method in species whose reproduction has been studied. The minority of living polychaetes whose reproduction and lifecycles are known produce trochophore larvae, which live as plankton and then sink and metamorphose into miniature adults. Oligochaetes are full hermaphrodites and produce a ring-like cocoon round their bodies, in which the eggs and hatchlings are nourished until they are ready to emerge.
Earthworms support terrestrial food chains both as prey and by aerating and enriching soil. The burrowing of marine polychaetes, which may constitute up to a third of all species in near-shore environments, encourages the development of ecosystems by enabling water and oxygen to penetrate the sea floor. In addition to improving soil fertility, annelids serve humans as food and as bait. Scientists observe annelids to monitor the quality of marine and fresh water. Although blood-letting is no longer in favor with doctors, some leech species are regarded as endangered species because they have been over-harvested for this purpose in the last few centuries. Ragworms' jaws are now being studied by engineers as they offer an exceptional combination of lightness and strength.
Since annelids are soft-bodied, their fossils are rare – mostly jaws and the mineralized tubes that some of the species secreted. Although some late Ediacaran fossils may represent annelids, the oldest known fossil that is identified with confidence comes from about in the early Cambrian period. Fossils of most modern mobile polychaete groups appeared by the end of the Carboniferous, about . Scientists disagree about whether some body fossils from the mid Ordovician, about , are the remains of oligochaetes, and the earliest certain fossils of the group appear in the Tertiary period, which began .
Classification and diversity.
There are only 17,000  living annelid species, ranging in size from microscopic to the Australian giant Gippsland earthworm and "Amynthas mekongianus" (Cognetti, 1922), which can both grow up to long. Although research since 1997 has radically changed scientists' views about the evolutionary family tree of the annelids, most textbooks use the traditional classification into the following sub-groups:
The Archiannelida, minute annelids that live in the spaces between grains of marine sediment, were treated as a separate class because of their simple body structure, but are now regarded as polychaetes. Some other groups of animals have been classified in various ways, but are now widely regarded as annelids:
Distinguishing features.
No single feature distinguishes Annelids from other invertebrate phyla, but they have a distinctive combination of features. Their bodies are long, with segments that are divided externally by shallow ring-like constrictions called annuli and internally by septa ("partitions") at the same points, although in some species the septa are incomplete and in a few cases missing. Most of the segments contain the same sets of organs, although sharing a common gut, circulatory system and nervous system makes them inter-dependent. Their bodies are covered by a cuticle (outer covering) that does not contain cells but is secreted by cells in the skin underneath, is made of tough but flexible collagen and does not molt – on the other hand arthropods' cuticles are made of the more rigid α-chitin, and molt until the arthropods reach their full size. Most annelids have closed circulatory systems, where the blood makes its entire circuit via blood vessels.
Description.
Segmentation.
Most of an annelid's body consists of segments that are practically identical, having the same sets of internal organs and external chaetae (Greek χαιτη, meaning "hair") and, in some species, appendages. However, the frontmost and rearmost sections are not regarded as true segments as they do not contain the standard sets of organs and do not develop in the same way as the true segments. The frontmost section, called the prostomium (Greek προ- meaning "in front of" and στομα meaning "mouth") contains the brain and sense organs, while the rearmost, called the pygidium (Greek πυγιδιον, meaning "little tail") contains the anus, generally on the underside. The first section behind the prostomium, called the peristomium (Greek περι- meaning "around" and στομα meaning "mouth"), is regarded by some zoologists as not a true segment, but in some polychaetes the peristomium has chetae and appendages like those of other segments.
The segments develop one at a time from a growth zone just ahead of the pygidium, so that an annelid's youngest segment is just in front of the growth zone while the peristomium is the oldest. This pattern is called teloblastic growth. Some groups of annelids, including all leeches, have fixed maximum numbers of segments, while others add segments throughout their lives.
The phylum's name is derived from the Latin word "annelus", meaning "little ring".
Body wall, chetae and parapodia.
Annelids' cuticles are made of collagen fibers, usually in layers that spiral in alternating directions so that the fibers cross each other. These are secreted by the one-cell deep epidermis (outermost skin layer). A few marine annelids that live in tubes lack cuticles, but their tubes have a similar structure, and mucus-secreting glands in the epidermis protect their skins. Under the epidermis is the dermis, which is made of connective tissue, in other words a combination of cells and non-cellular materials such as collagen. Below this are two layers of muscles, which develop from the lining of the coelom (body cavity): circular muscles make a segment longer and slimmer when they contract, while under them are longitudinal muscles, usually four distinct strips, whose contractions make the segment shorter and fatter. Some annelids also have oblique internal muscles that connect the underside of the body to each side.
The setae ("hairs") of annelids project out from the epidermis to provide traction and other capabilities. The simplest are unjointed and form paired bundles near the top and bottom of each side of each segment. The parapodia ("limbs") of annelids that have them often bear more complex chetae at their tips – for example jointed, comb-like or hooked. Chetae are made of moderately flexible β-chitin and are formed by follicles, each of which has a chetoblast ("hair-forming") cell at the bottom and muscles that can extend or retract the cheta. The chetoblasts produce chetae by forming microvilli, fine hair-like extensions that increase the area available for secreting the cheta. When the cheta is complete, the microvilli withdraw into the chetoblast, leaving parallel tunnels that run almost the full length of the cheta. Hence annelids' chetae are structurally different from the setae ("bristles") of arthropods, which are made of the more rigid α-chitin, have a single internal cavity, and are mounted on flexible joints in shallow pits in the cuticle.
Nearly all polychaetes have parapodia that function as limbs, while other major annelid groups lack them. Parapodia are unjointed paired extensions of the body wall, and their muscles are derived from the circular muscles of the body. They are often supported internally by one or more large, thick chetae. The parapodia of burrowing and tube-dwelling polychaetes are often just ridges whose tips bear hooked chetae. In active crawlers and swimmers the parapodia are often divided into large upper and lower paddles on a very short trunk, and the paddles are generally fringed with chetae and sometimes with cirri (fused bundles of cilia) and gills.
Nervous system and senses.
The brain generally forms a ring round the pharynx (throat), consisting of a pair of ganglia (local control centers) above and in front of the pharynx, linked by nerve cords either side of the pharynx to another pair of ganglia just below and behind it. The brains of polychaetes are generally in the prostomium, while those of clitellates are in the peristomium or sometimes the first segment behind the peristomium. In some very mobile and active polychaetes the brain is enlarged and more complex, with visible hindbrain, midbrain and forebrain sections. The rest of the central nervous system is generally "ladder-like", consisting of a pair of nerve cords that run through the bottom part of the body and have in each segment paired ganglia linked by a transverse connection. From each segmental ganglion a branching system of local nerves runs into the body wall and then encircles the body. However, in most polychaetes the two main nerve cords are fused, and in the tube-dwelling genus "Owenia" the single nerve chord has no ganglia and is located in the epidermis.
As in arthropods, each muscle fiber (cell) is controlled by more than one neuron, and the speed and power of the fiber's contractions depends on the combined effects of all its neurons. Vertebrates have a different system, in which one neuron controls a group of muscle fibers. Most annelids' longitudinal nerve trunks include giant axons (the output signal lines of nerve cells). Their large diameter decreases their resistance, which allows them to transmit signals exceptionally fast. This enables these worms to withdraw rapidly from danger by shortening their bodies. Experiments have shown that cutting the giant axons prevents this escape response but does not affect normal movement.
The sensors are primarily single cells that detect light, chemicals, pressure waves and contact, and are present on the head, appendages (if any) and other parts of the body. Nuchal ("on the neck") organs are paired, ciliated structures found only in polychaetes, and are thought to be chemosensors. Some polychaetes also have various combinations of ocelli ("little eyes") that detect the direction from which light is coming and camera eyes or compound eyes that can probably form images. The compound eyes probably evolved independently of arthropods' eyes. Some tube-worms use ocelli widely spread over their bodies to detect the shadows of fish, so that they can quickly withdraw into their tubes. Some burrowing and tube-dwelling polychaetes have statocysts (tilt and balance sensors) that tell them which way is down. A few polychaete genera have on the undersides of their heads palps that are used both in feeding and as "feelers", and some of these also have antennae that are structurally similar but probably are used mainly as "feelers".
Coelom, locomotion and circulatory system.
Most annelids have a pair of coeloms (body cavities) in each segment, separated from other segments by septa and from each other by vertical mesenteries. Each septum forms a sandwich with connective tissue in the middle and mesothelium (membrane that serves as a lining) from the preceding and following segments on either side. Each mesentery is similar except that the mesothelium is the lining of each of the pair of coeloms, and the blood vessels and, in polychaetes, the main nerve cords are jembedded in it. The mesothelium is made of modified epitheliomuscular cells, in other words their bodies form part of the epithelium but their bases extend to form muscle fibers in the body wall. The mesothelium may also form radial and circular muscles on the septa, and circular muscles around the blood vessels and gut. Parts of the mesothelium, especially on the outside of the gut, may also form chloragogen cells that perform similar functions to the livers of vertebrates: producing and storing glycogen and fat; producing the oxygen-carrier hemoglobin; breaking down proteins; and turning nitrogenous waste products into ammonia and urea to be excreted.
Many annelids move by peristalsis (waves of contraction and expansion that sweep along the body), or flex the body while using parapodia to crawl or swim. In these animals the septa enable the circular and longitudinal muscles to change the shape of individual segments, by making each segment a separate fluid-filled "balloon". However, the septa are often incomplete in annelids that are semi-sessile or that do not move by peristalsis or by movements of parapodia – for example some move by whipping movements of the body, some small marine species move by means of cilia (fine muscle-powered hairs) and some burrowers turn their pharynges (throats) inside out to penetrate the sea-floor and drag themselves into it.
The fluid in the coeloms contains coelomocyte cells that defend the animals against parasites and infections. In some species coelomocytes may also contain a respiratory pigment – red hemoglobin in some species, green chlorocruorin in others (dissolved in the plasma) – and provide oxygen transport within their segments. Respiratory pigment is also dissolved in the blood plasma. Species with well-developed septa generally also have blood vessels running all long their bodies above and below the gut, the upper one carrying blood forwards while the lower one carries it backwards. Networks of capillaries (fine blood vessels) in the body wall and around the gut transfer blood between the main blood vessels and to parts of the segment that need oxygen and nutrients. Both of the major vessels, especially the upper one, can pump blood by contracting. In some annelids the forward end of the upper blood vessel is enlarged with muscles to form a heart, while in the forward ends of many earthworms some of the vessels that connect the upper and lower main vessels function as hearts. Species with poorly developed or no septa generally have no blood vessels and rely on the circulation within the coelom for delivering nutrients and oxygen.
However, leeches and their closest relatives have a body structure that is very uniform within the group but significantly different from that of other annelids, including other members of the Clitellata. In leeches there are no septa, the connective tissue layer of the body wall is so thick that it occupies much of the body, and the two coeloms are widely separated and run the length of the body. They function as the main blood vessels, although they are side-by-side rather than upper and lower. However, they are lined with mesothelium, like the coeloms and unlike the blood vessels of other annelids. Leeches generally use suckers at their front and rear ends to move like inchworms. The anus is on the upper surface of the pygidium.
Respiration.
In some annelids, including earthworms, all respiration is via the skin. However, many polychaetes and some clitellates (the group to which earthworms belong) have gills associated with most segments, often as extensions of the parapodia in polychaetes. The gills of tube-dwellers and burrowers usually cluster around whichever end has the stronger water flow.
Feeding and excretion.
Feeding structures in the mouth region vary widely, and have little correlation with the animals' diets. Many polychaetes have a muscular pharynx that can be everted (turned inside out to extend it). In these animals the foremost few segments often lack septa so that, when the muscles in these segments contract, the sharp increase in fluid pressure from all these segments everts the pharynx very quickly. Two families, the Eunicidae and Phyllodocidae, have evolved jaws, which can be used for seizing prey, biting off pieces of vegetation, or grasping dead and decaying matter. On the other hand some predatory polychaetes have neither jaws nor eversible pharynges. Selective deposit feeders generally live in tubes on the sea-floor and use palps to find food particles in the sediment and then wipe them into their mouths. Filter feeders use "crowns" of palps covered in cilia that wash food particles towards their mouths. Non-selective deposit feeders ingest soil or marine sediments via mouths that are generally unspecialized. Some clitellates have sticky pads in the roofs of their mouths, and some of these can evert the pads to capture prey. Leeches often have an eversible proboscis, or a muscular pharynx with two or three teeth.
The gut is generally an almost straight tube supported by the mesenteries (vertical partitions within segments), and ends with the anus on the underside of the pygidium. However, in members of the tube-dwelling family Siboglinidae the gut is blocked by a swollen lining that houses symbiotic bacteria, which can make up 15% of the worms' total weight. The bacteria convert inorganic matter – such as hydrogen sulfide and carbon dioxide from hydrothermal vents, or methane from seeps – to organic matter that feeds themselves and their hosts, while the worms extend their palps into the gas flows to absorb the gases needed by the bacteria.
Annelids with blood vessels use metanephridia to remove soluble waste products, while those without use protonephridia. Both of these systems use a two-stage filtration process, in which fluid and waste products are first extracted and these are filtered again to re-absorb any re-usable materials while dumping toxic and spent materials as urine. The difference is that protonephridia combine both filtration stages in the same organ, while metanephridia perform only the second filtration and rely on other mechanisms for the first – in annelids special filter cells in the walls of the blood vessels let fluids and other small molecules pass into the coelomic fluid, where it circulates to the metanephridia. In annelids the points at which fluid enters the protonephridia or metanephridia are on the forward side of a septum while the second-stage filter and the nephridiopore (exit opening in the body wall) are in the following segment. As a result the hindmost segment (before the growth zone and pygidium) has no structure that extracts its wastes, as there is no following segment to filter and discharge them, while the first segment contains an extraction structure that passes wastes to the second, but does not contain the structures that re-filter and discharge urine.
Reproduction and life cycle.
Asexual reproduction.
Polychaetes can reproduce asexually, by dividing into two or more pieces or by budding off a new individual while the 
parent remains a complete organism. Some oligochaetes, such as "Aulophorus furcatus", seem to reproduce entirely asexually, while others reproduce asexually in summer and sexually in autumn. Asexual reproduction in oligochaetes is always by dividing into two or more pieces, rather than by budding. However, leeches have never been seen reproducing asexually.
Most polychaetes and oligochaetes also use similar mechanisms to regenerate after suffering damage. Two polychaete genera, "Chaetopterus" and "Dodecaceria", can regenerate from a single segment, and others can regenerate even if their heads are removed. Annelids are the most complex animals that can regenerate after such severe damage. On the other hand leeches cannot regenerate.
Sexual reproduction.
It is thought that annelids were originally animals with two separate sexes, which released ova and sperm into the water via their nephridia. The fertilized eggs develop into trochophore larvae, which live as plankton. Later they sink to the sea-floor and metamorphose into miniature adults: the part of the trochophore between the apical tuft and the prototroch becomes the prostomium (head); a small area round the trochophore's anus becomes the pygidium (tail-piece); a narrow band immediately in front of that becomes the growth zone that produces new segments; and the rest of the trochophore becomes the peristomium (the segment that contains the mouth).
However, the lifecycles of most living polychaetes, which are almost all marine animals, are unknown, and only about 25% of the 300+ species whose lifecycles are known follow this pattern. About 14% use a similar external fertilization but produce yolk-rich eggs, which reduce the time the larva needs to spend among the plankton, or eggs from which miniature adults emerge rather than larvae. The rest care for the fertilized eggs until they hatch – some by producing jelly-covered masses of eggs which they tend, some by attaching the eggs to their bodies and a few species by keeping the eggs within their bodies until they hatch. These species use a variety of methods for sperm transfer; for example, in some the females collect sperm released into the water, while in others the males have penes that inject sperm into the female. There is no guarantee that this is a representative sample of polychaetes' reproductive patterns, and it simply reflects scientists' current knowledge.
Some polychaetes breed only once in their lives, while others breed almost continuously or through several breeding seasons. While most polychaetes remain of one sex all their lives, a significant percentage of species are full hermaphrodites or change sex during their lives. Most polychaetes whose reproduction has been studied lack permanent gonads, and it is uncertain how they produce ova and sperm. In a few species the rear of the body splits off and becomes a separate individual that lives just long enough to swim to a suitable environment, usually near the surface, and spawn.
Most mature clitellates (the group that includes earthworms and leeches) are full hermaphrodites, although in a few leech species younger adults function as males and become female at maturity. All have well-developed gonads, and all copulate. Earthworms store their partners' sperm in spermathecae ("sperm stores") and then the clitellum produces a cocoon that collects ova from the ovaries and then sperm from the spermathecae. Fertilization and development of earthworm eggs takes place in the cocoon. Leeches' eggs are fertilized in the ovaries, and then transferred to the cocoon. In all clitellates the cocoon also either produces yolk when the eggs are fertilized or nutrients while they are developing. All clitellates hatch as miniature adults rather than larvae.
Ecological significance.
Charles Darwin's book "The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms" (1881) presented the first scientific analysis of earthworms' contributions to soil fertility. Some burrow while others live entirely on the surface, generally in moist leaf litter. The burrowers loosen the soil so that oxygen and water can penetrate it, and both surface and burrowing worms help to produce soil by mixing organic and mineral matter, by accelerating the decomposition of organic matter and thus making it more quickly available to other organisms, and by concentrating minerals and converting them to forms that plants can use more easily. Earthworms are also important prey for birds ranging in size from robins to storks, and for mammals ranging from shrews to badgers, and in some cases conserving earthworms may be essential for conserving endangered birds.
Marine annelids may account for over one-third of bottom-dwelling animal species around coral reefs and in tidal zones. Burrowing species increase the penetration of water and oxygen into the sea-floor sediment, which encourages the growth of populations of aerobic bacteria and small animals alongside their burrows.
Although blood-sucking leeches do little direct harm to their victims, some transmit flagellates that can be very dangerous to their hosts. Some small tube-dwelling oligochaetes transmit myxosporean parasites that cause whirling disease in fish.
Interaction with humans.
Earthworms make a significant contribution to soil fertility. The rear end of the Palolo worm, a marine polychaete that tunnels through coral, detaches in order to spawn at the surface, and the people of Samoa regard these spawning modules as a delicacy. Anglers sometimes find that worms are more effective bait than artificial flies, and worms can be kept for several days in a tin lined with damp moss. Ragworms are commercially important as bait and as food sources for aquaculture, and there have been proposals to farm them in order to reduce over-fishing of their natural populations. Some marine polychaetes' predation on molluscs causes serious losses to fishery and aquaculture operations.
Scientists study aquatic annelids to monitor the oxygen content, salinity and pollution levels in fresh and marine water.
Accounts of the use of leeches for the medically dubious practise of blood-letting have come from China around 30 AD, India around 200 AD, ancient Rome around 50 AD and later throughout Europe. In the 19th century medical demand for leeches was so high that some areas' stocks were exhausted and other regions imposed restrictions or bans on exports, and "Hirudo medicinalis" is treated as an endangered species by both IUCN and CITES. More recently leeches have been used to assist in microsurgery, and their saliva has provided anti-inflammatory compounds and several important anticoagulants, one of which also prevents tumors from spreading.
Ragworms' jaws are strong but much lighter than the hard parts of many other organisms, which are biomineralized with calcium salts. These advantages have attracted the attention of engineers. Investigations showed that ragworm jaws are made of unusual proteins that bind strongly to zinc.
Evolutionary history.
Fossil record.
Since annelids are soft-bodied, their fossils are rare. Polychaetes' fossil record consists mainly of the jaws that some species had and the mineralized tubes that some secreted. Some Ediacaran fossils such as "Dickinsonia" in some ways resemble polychaetes, but the similarities are too vague for these fossils to be classified with confidence. The small shelly fossil "Cloudina", from , has been classified by some authors as an annelid, but by others as a cnidarian (i.e. in the phylum to which jellyfish and sea anemones belong). 
Until 2008 the earliest fossils widely accepted as annelids were the polychaetes "Canadia" and "Burgessochaeta", both from Canada's Burgess Shale, formed about in the early Cambrian. "Myoscolex", found in Australia and a little older than the Burgess Shale, was possibly an annelid. However, it lacks some typical annelid features and has features which are not usually found in annelids and some of which are associated with other phyla. Then Simon Conway Morris and John Peel reported "Phragmochaeta" from Sirius Passet, about , and concluded that it was the oldest annelid known to date. There has been vigorous debate about whether the Burgess Shale fossil "Wiwaxia" was a mollusc or an annelid. Polychaetes diversified in the early Ordovician, about . It is not until the early Ordovician that the first annelid jaws are found, thus the crown-group cannot have appeared before this date and probably appeared somewhat later. By the end of the Carboniferous, about , fossils of most of the modern mobile polychaete groups had appeared. Many fossil tubes look like those made by modern sessile polychaetes 
, but the first tubes clearly produced by polychaetes date from the Jurassic, less than .
The earliest good evidence for oligochaetes occurs in the Tertiary period, which began , and it has been suggested that these animals evolved around the same time as flowering plants in the early Cretaceous, from . A trace fossil consisting of a convoluted burrow partly filled with small fecal pellets may be evidence that earthworms were present in the early Triassic period from . Body fossils going back to the mid Ordovician, from , have been tentatively classified as oligochaetes, but these identifications are uncertain and some have been disputed.
Family tree.
Annelid groups and phyla incorporated into Annelida (2007; "simplified").Highlights major changes to traditional classifications.
Traditionally the annelids have been divided into two major groups, the polychaetes and clitellates. In turn the clitellates were divided into oligochaetes, which include earthworms, and hirudinomorphs, whose best-known members are leeches. For many years there was no clear arrangement of the approximately 80 polychaete families into higher-level groups. In 1997 Greg Rouse and Kristian Fauchald attempted a "first heuristic step in terms of bringing polychaete systematics to an acceptable level of rigour", based on anatomical structures, and divided polychaetes into:
Also in 1997 Damhnait McHugh, using molecular phylogenetics to compare similarities and differences in one gene, presented a very different view, in which: the clitellates were an off-shoot of one branch of the polychaete family tree; the pogonophorans and echiurans, which for a few decades had been regarded as a separate phyla, were placed on other branches of the polychaete tree. Subsequent molecular phylogenetics analyses on a similar scale presented similar conclusions.
In 2007 Torsten Struck and colleagues compared 3 genes in 81 taxa, of which 9 were outgroups, in other words not considered closely related to annelids but included to give an indication of where the organisms under study are placed on the larger tree of life. For a cross-check the study used an analysis of 11 genes (including the original 3) in 10 taxa. This analysis agreed that clitellates, pogonophorans and echiurans were on various branches of the polychaete family tree. It also concluded that the classification of polychaetes into Scolecida, Canalipalpata and Aciculata was useless, as the members of these alleged groups were scattered all over the family tree derived from comparing the 81 taxa. In addition, it also placed sipunculans, generally regarded at the time as a separate phylum, on another branch of the polychaete tree, and concluded that leeches were a sub-group of oligochaetes rather than their sister-group among the clitellates. Rouse accepted the analyses based on molecular phylogenetics, and their main conclusions are now the scientific consensus, although the details of the annelid family tree remain uncertain.
In addition to re-writing the classification of annelids and 3 previously independent phyla, the molecular phylogenetics analyses undermine the emphasis that decades of previous writings placed on the importance of segmentation in the classification of invertebrates. Polychaetes, which these analyses found to be the parent group, have completely segmented bodies, while polychaetes' echiurans and sipunculan offshoots are not segmented and pogonophores are segmented only in the rear parts of their bodies. It now seems that segmentation can appear and disappear much more easily in the course of evolution than was previously thought. The 2007 study also noted that the ladder-like nervous system, which is associated with segmentation, is less universal previously thought in both annelids and arthropods. Note that since this section was written, a new paper has revised the 2007 results: 
Relationships of Annelids to other Bilateria:(Analysis produced in 2004, before Sipuncula were merged into Annelida in 2007)
Annelids are members of the protostomes, one of the two major superphyla of bilaterian animals – the other is the deuterostomes, which includes vertebrates. Within the protostomes, annelids used to be grouped with arthropods under the super-group Articulata ("jointed animals"), as segmentation is obvious in most members of both phyla. However, the genes that drive segmentation in arthropods do not appear to do the same in annelids. Arthropods and annelids both have close relatives that are unsegmented. It is at least as easy to assume that they evolved segmented bodies independently as it is to assume that the ancestral protostome or bilaterian was segmented and that segmentation disappeared in many descendant phyla. The current view is that annelids are grouped with molluscs, brachiopods and several other phyla that have lophophores (fan-like feeding structures) and/or trochophore larvae as members of Lophotrochozoa. Bryzoa may be the most basal phylum (the one that first became distinctive) within the Lophotrochozoa, and the relationships between the other members are not yet known. Arthropods are now regarded as members of the Ecdysozoa ("animals that molt"), along with some phyla that are unsegmented.
The "Lophotrochozoa" hypothesis is also supported by the fact that many phyla within this group, including annelids, molluscs, nemerteans and flatworms, follow a similar pattern in the fertilized egg's development. When their cells divide after the 4-cell stage, descendants of these 4 cells form a spiral pattern. In these phyla the "fates" of the embryo's cells, in other words the roles their descendants will play in the adult animal, are the same and can be predicted from a very early stage. Hence this development pattern is often described as "spiral determinate cleavage".

</doc>
<doc id="19290727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290727" title="Sunday School Musical">
Sunday School Musical

Sunday School Musical is a musical film mockbuster released direct-to-DVD on October 21, 2008. It is similar to Disney's "High School Musical" franchise, but the film takes a dramatically different approach in terms of storyline.
Plot.
When financial woes threaten their church's future, a group of teens, led by one talented performer, enters a song and dance competition in hopes of winning a heavenly cash prize.
Production.
According to producer Paul Bales, the film was conceptualized after he and other staff members of The Asylum attended a seminar for marketing to a Christian audience. The seminar host suggested that the perfect movie would be a Christian version of "High School Musical".
Reception.
In 2011, That Guy With The Glasses reviewers Todd in the Shadows and Film Brain teamed up to review Sunday School Musical as a part of Matthew Buck's series "Bad Movie Beatdown". Todd, having been subjected to reviewing the High School Musical franchise in the past, thought the film was ironically better than what it was ripping off. He also compared some of the musical numbers to "80's T.V. sitcom themes" and "Savage Garden". Buck's character Film Brain pointed out that Zack not being able to attend the same choir was a "non-conflict" because, afterwards, he returned to the same rooftop on the other side of town. He also pointed out the differences in musical talent depending on race, saying jokingly that there may be some implication of racial stereotyping.

</doc>
<doc id="19290728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290728" title="Perovskite">
Perovskite

Perovskite is a calcium titanium oxide mineral species composed of calcium titanate, with the chemical formula CaTiO3. The mineral was discovered in the Ural Mountains of Russia by Gustav Rose in 1839 and is named after Russian mineralogist Lev Perovski (1792–1856).
It lends its name to the class of compounds which have the same type of crystal structure as CaTiO3 (XIIA2+VIB4+X2–3) known as the perovskite structure. The perovskite crystal structure was first described by V.M. Goldschmidt in 1926, in his work on tolerance factors. The crystal structure was later published in 1945 from X-ray diffraction data on barium titanate by the Irish crystallographer Helen Dick Megaw (1907–2002).
Occurrence.
Perovskite is found in contact carbonate skarns at Magnet Cove, Arkansas. It occurs in altered blocks of limestone ejected from Mount Vesuvius. It occurs in chlorite and talc schist in the Urals and Switzerland. It is also found as an accessory mineral in alkaline and mafic igneous rocks, nepheline syenite, melilitite, kimberlites and rare carbonatites. Perovskite is a common mineral in the Ca-Al-rich inclusions found in some chondritic meteorites.
A rare earth-bearing variety, "knopite," (Ca,Ce,Na)(Ti,Fe)O3) is found in alkali intrusive rocks in the Kola Peninsula and near Alnö, Sweden. A niobium-bearing variety, "dysanalyte," occurs in carbonatite near Schelingen, Kaiserstuhl, Germany.
Special characteristics.
The stability of perovskite in igneous rocks is limited by its reaction relation with sphene. In volcanic rocks perovskite and sphene are not found together, the only exception being in an atindite from Cameroon.
Physical properties.
Perovskites have a cubic structure with general formula of ABO3. In this structure, an A-site ion, on the corners of the lattice, is usually an alkaline earth or rare earth element. B site ions, on the center of the lattice, could be 3d, 4d, and 5d transitional metal elements. A large number of metallic elements are stable in the perovskite structure, if the tolerance factor “t” is in the range of 0.75 – 1.0.
t=(RA+RO)/(√2 (RB+RO)
where RA, RB and RO are the ionic radii of A and B site elements and oxygen, respectively.
The sub-metallic to metallic luster, colorless streak, cube like structure along with imperfect cleavage and brittle tenacity are physical properties of perovskite. Colors range from black, brown, gray, orange to yellow. Crystals of perovskite appear as cubes, but are "pseudocubic" and crystallize in the orthorhombic system. Perovskite crystals have been mistaken for galena; however, galena has a better metallic luster, greater density, perfect cleavage and true cubic symmetry.
Layered perovskites.
Perovskites may be structured in layers, with the above ABO3 structure separated by thin sheets of intrusive material. Different forms of intrusions, based on the chemical makeup of the intrusion, are defined as:
Geologic occurrence.
Found in the Earth’s mantle, the perovskite’s occurrence at Khibina Massif is restricted to the under saturated ultramafic rocks and foidolites, due to the instability in a paragenesis with feldspar. The complexity is made by an extended series of rocks from early alkaline ultramafic members to late carbonatites that comprise alkaline and mafic igneous rocks such as nepheline syenite, melilitite, kimberlite and rare carbonatites in ultramafites. Perovskite occurs as small anhedral to subhedral crystals filling interstices between the rock-forming silicates.
Discovery and name.
Perovskite was first described in 1839 from an occurrence in the Achmatovsk Mine in the Nazyamskie Mountains, Chelyabinsk Oblast, Southern Urals, Russia. The new mineral was named by Gustav Rose for Russian mineralogist, Lev Perovski (1792–1856).
Applications.
Physical properties of interest to materials science among perovskites include superconductivity, magnetoresistance, ionic conductivity, and a multitude of dielectric properties, which are of great importance in microelectronics and telecommunication. Because of the flexibility of bond angles inherent in the perovskite structure there are many different types of distortions which can occur from the ideal structure. These include tilting of the octahedra, displacements of the cations out of the centers of their coordination polyhedra, and distortions of the octahedra driven by electronic factors (Jahn-Teller distortions).
Photovoltaics.
A group of methylammonium tin and lead halides is of interest for use in dye-sensitized solar cells.
Another approach uses organic-inorganic perovskite-structured semiconductors, the most common of which is the triiodide (). They exhibit high charge carrier mobility and charge carrier lifetime that allow light-generated electrons and holes to move far enough to be extracted as current, instead of losing their energy as heat within the cell. effective diffusion lengths are some 100 nm for both electrons and holes.
These perovskites are deposited by low-temperature solution methods (typically spin-coating). Other low-temperature (below 100°C) solution-processed films tend to have considerably smaller diffusion lengths. Stranks et al. described nanostructured cells using (essentially the iodide with a small amount of chloride) and demonstrated one amorphous thin-film solar cell with an 11.4 % conversion efficiency, and another that reached 15.4 % using vacuum evaporation. The film thickness of about 500 to 600 nm implies that the electron and hole diffusion lengths were at least of this order. They measured values of the diffusion length exceeding 1 µm for the mixed perovskite, an order of magnitude greater than the 100 nm for the pure iodide. They also showed that carrier lifetimes in the mixed perovskite are longer than in the pure iodide.
For , open-circuit voltage (VOC) typically approaches 1 V, while for , VOC > 1.1 V has been reported. Because the band gaps (Eg) of both are 1.55 eV, VOC-to-Eg ratios are higher than usually observed for similar third-generation cells. With higher band-gap perovskites, VOC up to 1.3 V has been demonstrated.
The technique offers the potential of low cost because of the low temperature solution methods and the absence of rare elements. Cell durability is currently insufficient for commercial use.
Planar heterojunction perovskite solar cells can be manufactured in simplified device architectures (without complex nanostructures) using only vapor deposition. This technique produces 15% solar-to-electrical power conversion as measured under simulated full sunlight. 

</doc>
<doc id="19290754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290754" title="Democracy Watch (Canada)">
Democracy Watch (Canada)

Democracy Watch, established in 1993, is a Canadian organization that advocates on democratic reform, government accountability and corporate responsibility issues. It provides information and support, and works in conjunction with, good government and corporate responsibility organizations from other countries, including especially GlobalIntegrity.org (which assesses the state of democracy and good government in various countries). Duff Conacher is a founder and was the Coordinator of Democracy Watch from September 1993 to June 2011.
While other organizations have been established in various countries since 1993 called Democracy Watch (for example, in Australia, Bangladesh, Liberia, Nepal, Pakistan, Somaliland, Thailand, Ukraine), these organizations are not affiliated with Democracy Watch in Canada. Democracy Watch in Canada focuses on democratic reform in Canada, while the other organizations focus on democratic reform in their countries.
Staff.
Coordinator.
Tyler Sommers has worked as a researcher and community organizer focusing his efforts on understanding the motivations for political involvement and assisting Canadians in becoming active and effective community participants.
He is a founder of the Canadian Youth Assembly, an organization seeking to educate youth about community participation, to encourage community participation, and to strengthen the bonds between youth and community leaders.
Directors.
Democracy Watch has three directors. Duff Conacher is the founder of Democracy Watch, was coordinator from 1993 to June 2011, and is still a director and spokesperson on many issues for the organization. He now heads the firm GoodOrg.ca Consulting which provides advice and services to governments, businesses and citizen organizations in the areas of good governance, ethics, responsibility, communications, stakeholder and public relations. 
Bradford E. F. Duplisea has worked as an environmental community leader, public interest researcher and advocate on environmental and public health issues. He is a researcher on food biotechnology issues (especially the relationship between government regulators and the biotechnology industry) and has represented the Biotechnology Caucus of the Canadian Environmental Network at international negotiations of the Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety. 
Josephine Grey is a human rights activist who has been active in economic and social justice for more than 20 years. She wrote and presented the Ontario People's Report to the UN Committee on Economic Social and Cultural Rights in 1998. She has served as the International Secretary for Canada Without Poverty (formerly the National Anti-Poverty Organization) and continues to work at the community level on empowering people to stand up for their rights.
Democracy Watch (Canada) is not affiliated with Democracy Watch (International).

</doc>
<doc id="19290773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290773" title="1972 Rotterdam Indoors">
1972 Rotterdam Indoors

The 1972 Rotterdam Indoors was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 1st edition of the event known that year as the Rotterdam Indoors, and was part of the 1972 World Championship Tennis circuit. It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, Netherlands, from November 12 through November 18, 1972.
The singles field included Toronto, Las Vegas, St. Louis, Fort Worth, Alamo, Vancouver and Gothenburg WCT champion John Newcombe, US Open runner-up, Louisville and Montreal WCT titlist Arthur Ashe, and Chicago WCT winner, Boston WCT and Stockholm finalist Tom Okker. Also lined up were Briton Robin Drysdale, Cleveland WCT champion Mark Cox, Robert Lutz, Marty Riessen and Nikola Pilić.

</doc>
<doc id="19290812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290812" title="1972 Rotterdam Indoors – Doubles">
1972 Rotterdam Indoors – Doubles

Roy Emerson and John Newcombe won in the final 6–2, 6–3, against Arthur Ashe and Robert Lutz.
Seeds.
"Seeds unavailable."

</doc>
<doc id="19290816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290816" title="Li Changping">
Li Changping

Li Changping (born c.1963) and originally from Dongting Lake, was a rural cadre and is now a researcher in Beijing. 
Li worked in Qipan, where he became secretary of his local commune in Hubei province in 1983. In 1999 he completed a Masters degree in Economics and returned to Hubei as a party secretary. He became famous after writing a letter to then Chinese premier Zhu Rongji complaining about the way local officials were managing farm workers, with many workers paying more tax than officially allowed to support the liefstyles of local officials. The letter was published in the newspaper "Southern Weekend", the readers of which voted Li 'Man of the Year'.
He gives a first hand account of fighting against corruption in his book "I Told the Premier the Truth". An interview with him appears in the book "One China, Many Paths"
Li was described by "The Guardian" in 2002 as "China's most famous advocate for peasant rights".

</doc>
<doc id="19290825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290825" title="1972 Rotterdam Indoors – Singles">
1972 Rotterdam Indoors – Singles

Arthur Ashe won the singles title of the 1972 Rotterdam Indoors defeating Tom Okker in the final 3–6, 6–2, 6–1. Mark Cox won the match for third place against John Newcombe 6–3, 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="19290846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290846" title="Fritz Hauser">
Fritz Hauser

Fritz Hauser is a Swiss musician and composer from Basel, Switzerland.
His artistic universe is very personal, and he deals primarily with improvisation, time, space, resonance, visuality, but also with humour.

</doc>
<doc id="19290848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290848" title="John S. Mason">
John S. Mason

John Sanford Mason (August 21, 1824 – November 29, 1897) was a career officer in the United States Army who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
John S. Mason was born in Steubenville, Ohio, in the late summer of 1824. His father was a prominent physician who had been a military surgeon during the War of 1812. He was educated in the local schools began his college studies at Kenyon College in Gambier. In the winter of 1842, he transferred to Washington College in Pennsylvania. However, he withdrew when he received an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York, on July 1, 1843. He graduated 9th of 38 cadets in the Class of 1847 and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the 3rd U. S. Artillery. Among his classmates were future Civil War generals A.P. Hill, Henry Heth, John Gibbon, and Ambrose Burnside. 
With the Mexican War raging, he was assigned to garrison duty at Tampico, Mexico, where he contracted yellow fever. After spending time in Cincinnati, Ohio, recovering, he returned to Mexico to Puebla as a commissary officer. He survived a second severe bout with yellow fever in New Orleans at the end of the war. He later served in a variety of posts, including Fort Adams in Newport, Rhode Island, Fort Yuma, several garrisons in California, and finally at Fort Vancouver in the Washington Territory. He was a quartermaster from June 1854 until June 1858, and was promoted to first lieutenant in September 1860.
Civil War.
Lieutenant Mason was still at Fort Vancouver when news arrived in April 1861 of the outbreak of the Civil War and the bombardment of Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina. After the departure of Edward O. C. Ord, Mason assumed the role of post commander at Fort Vancouver on May 7, 1861 and remained in that position until June 11, when relieved following the arrival of Capt. Henry K. Black of the 9th U.S. Infantry. . Later in May, he was promoted to a captaincy in the 11th U.S. Infantry. In October of that year, he was appointed as the colonel of the three-years' 4th Ohio Infantry. He joined 4th OVI in western Virginia, where they served during the fall and winter under command of Maj. Gen. James Shields.
In 1862, Mason's regiment participated in the Peninsula Campaign of Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan, where they guarded Harrison's Landing. He was involved in the Maryland Campaign and the Battle of Antietam. Late in the year, he commanded a brigade in Maj. Gen. John Sedgwick's II Corps' "Right Grand Division" and fought at the Battle of Fredericksburg. He was cited for gallantry in both of those actions and brevetted. On November 29, 1862, he was promoted to the rank of brigadier general of U. S. Volunteers. 
His health, never robust following the two yellow fever bouts, again failed him and Mason asked for and received administrative duty. In April 1863, Mason was assigned to muster and recruit duty, first in Ohio (where he also commanded Camp Thomas for more than a year), and for the last two years of the war in California as an Adjutant General, and finally in the new state of Nevada. He was promoted to Major of the 17th U.S. Infantry in the Regular Army in 1864. 
Mason was responsible for John Hunt Morgan and his raiders imprisoned in Columbus, OH at the time that seven escaped. 
From March 7, 1865 - July 21, 1865 he was commander of the District of Arizona under the Department of the Pacific. In the omnibus promotions at the end of the Civil War in 1865, he was brevetted through the Regular Army grades to that of brigadier general.
Postbellum career.
Mason remained in the U.S. Army following the war (reverting to his Regular Army rank of major and transferring to the 35th U.S. Infantry in September 1866 as commander of the new District of Arizona). He subsequently performed garrison duty in a number of outposts on Western frontier in the 1870s and the 1880s. He was transferred to the 15th U.S. Infantry in March 1869. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel of the 4th U.S. Infantry in 1873 and to colonel of the 9th U.S. Infantry in 1883. His stations included the states and territories of Texas, New Mexico, Wyoming, Washington, D.C., Ohio, and Arizona. Mason was a cousin of President James A. Garfield’s wife Lucretia and during the Garfield administration was Deputy Governor of the Soldiers Home at Washington. He was married twice, first to Anna Worrell Judkins and then to Cornelia (Keller) Wilson. 
Mason was active in veterans affairs, particularly in the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States. He retired in 1888 as the colonel of the 9th U.S. Infantry at Fort Whipple, Arizona, and took up residence in Washington, D.C., where he died at home on November 29, 1897, from general paralysis brought about from a stroke. He was buried with full military honors in Section 1, Grave 541, of Arlington National Cemetery.
One of his sons, Captain John S. Mason, Jr., perished at the army post at the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation from exposure in the line of duty, and is also buried at Arlington National Cemetery. Another son, Charles, also served in the Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19290853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290853" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19290856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290856" title="Semicarbazide-cadmium therapy">
Semicarbazide-cadmium therapy

Semicarbazide-cadmium therapy was an experimental cancer therapy that was tested in several clinical trials in the Soviet Union during the 1960s. 
Semicarbazide is an irreversible inhibitor of semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase (SSAO), an enzyme possibly involved in exacerbation of inflammation. Cadmium is a heavy metal and can also induce apoptosis.
The first study in humans was an open pilot trial conducted in Russia in 1957-1962. It was also patented in Russia. This method was successfully used for treatment of patients in later stages of lung, intestinal, and brest cancer, melanoma, and some other cancer types. The Experiments were accompanied by organizational problems (conflict of interest).
Method.
The method involved the use of the following preparations: semicarbazide hydrochloride, urea, and cadmium halides. Additionally, stable isotopes of gadolinium, as gadolinium oxides, can be used, in addition to other drugs.
Semicarbazide.
Clinical use of semicarbazide (a SSAO-inhibitor) gives the evidence that an inflammatory reaction can be reduced by blocking the enzymatic activity of the enzyme semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase (SSAO). SSAO activity was found significantly increased in blood and tissues in some pathological conditions. The enzyme activity has been reported to be elevated in diabetes and cancer. The mean specific activity of SSAO was significantly elevated in the group of patients having prostate cancer with skeletal metastases. Semicarbazide (and SSAO blockers) can reduce inflammatory response and can protect against the progressive vascular complications caused by oxidative stress. It also can reduce pain. The SSAO inhibitors also appears able to protect endothelial cells against toxic effects of free radicals. Semicarbazide itself is a standard enzyme inhibitor and new SSAO inhibitors are in development. Semicarbazide is a known inhibitor of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD), the enzyme responsible for GABA synthesis. GABA has emerged as a tumor signaling molecule in the periphery that controls the proliferation of tumor cells and perhaps tumor stem cells.
Cadmium.
Cadmium is a heavy metal and an environmental pollutant. Cadmium is a known carcinogen. Cadmium exposure has been linked to lung, prostate and renal cancer. It is not a strong mutagen, but acts as a promoter through mitogenic effects on gene expression. Cadmium (metallotherapeutic drug, metal-based drug) can induce apoptosis (programmed tumor cell death) in various cell types. It can also be anti-carcinogenic under certain conditions. Cadmium may inhibit angiogenesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19290867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290867" title="Roberto Ribeiro">
Roberto Ribeiro

Dermeval Miranda Maciel, best known as Roberto Ribeiro. (Campos dos Goytacazes, July 20, 1940 – January 8, 1996) was a Brazilian samba singer.
Life.
Son of a gardener, he had already begun working at 9 years of age. By that time, he attended the samba school Amigos da Farra (Friends of Farra), from the city of Campos, and the Pintadinho Boi parties, a local tradition event. Player of professional football in his hometown, he played in Cruzeiro and Rio Branco, both of Campos. He was known by nickname "pneu" ("tire"). Later he was the Goitacaz's goalkeeper and in 1965 moved to Rio de Janeiro and tried to serve in Fluminense, but failed.
However, in Rio de Janeiro, Roberto Ribeiro started to be involved by samba. Even in the 1960s, he has been present in a radio show called ""A Hora do Trabalhador" ("The Labor Time"). The composer Liette de Souza, sister of composer George Lucas and which would be Roberto's wife, was enchanted with his work and decided to submit it to Império Serrano, a traditional samba school in Rio de Janeiro, in the suburb of Madureira. The mutual passion was installed and Roberto went to attend the social samba events of "green and white of Serrinha" (as the Império Serrana is known). Once the directors of the samba school realized his talent and invited to be the handle of the Império Serrano at the carnival of 1971.
After two years away, Roberto Ribeiro has to handle as the school official, defending the samba school from 1974 to 1981. Among the many songs composed, Roberto Ribeiro had twice samba-enredo winners of the competition. In 1977, the school leads the carnival with beautiful samba "Brasil, Berço dos Imigrantes" (""Brazil, Cradle of Immigrants""), coined in partnership with George Lucas, and in 1979, "Municipal Maravilhoso, 70 Anos de Glórias" (""Wonderful Hall, 70 Years of Glories""), with George Lucas and Edson Passos.
At that same time, his career as a singer grow. He successfully throughout the country with songs like "Tempo Ê" (Zé Luiz and Nelson Rufino), "Acreditar" (Dona Ivone Lara and Délcio Carvalho), "Estrela de Madureira" (Acyr Pimentel and Cardoso), "Liberdade" (Dona Ivone Lara and Délcio Carvalho), "Vazio" (Nelson Rufino), "Todo Menino É Um Rei" (Nelson Rufino and Zé Luiz), perhaps his greatest success, and "Meu Drama" (Silas de Oliveira and J. Ilarindo).
At the end of life, he was affected by a disease in vision, which he eventually lost. He died in Rio de Janeiro, he was hit by a car in the neighborhood of Jacarepaguá, Rio de Janeiro.
His life was told in the book, authored by his own wife, Liette Maciel de Souza, with the title "Dez anos de saudade") "Ten years of Nostalgia."

</doc>
<doc id="19290872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290872" title="Kamel Ouejdide">
Kamel Ouejdide


</doc>
<doc id="19290912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290912" title="Sunday Calm">
Sunday Calm

Sunday Calm is a 1923 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 20th "Our Gang" short subject released.
Synopsis.
The gang travels by wagon to go on a picnic with their families. After losing a wheel, the parents put on a new one, and the gang races off with the wagon, leaving the parents behind. They have a picnic without the parents, only to be overrun with insects.

</doc>
<doc id="19290914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290914" title="John A. Maher">
John A. Maher

John A. Maher is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 40th District. He was originally elected to the House in a special election on September 9, 1997. He was the Republican nominee for State Auditor General in the 2012 election.
Professional career.
Maher has been a Certified Public Accountant since 1983. After working in the Pittsburgh office of Ernst and Young), Maher founded a his own CPA auditing firm in 1989. Maher stepped down from the firm in 2004 to focus on his work in the State House.
Maher recently served on the national governing body of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants as a Member of Council for 2009 through 2010, and has been active since the early 1980s with the Pennsylvania Institute of CPAs, including serving multiple years on each of the PICPA Strategic Advisory Board, Editorial Board of Pennsylvania CPA Journal and Trustee of the Pennsylvania Institute Insurance Trust.
Maher is the lead author of the "Overview of Government Accounting" text and other published works. He has also been a recurring lecturer and keynote speaker at the Cambridge University International Symposium of Economic Crime. His lectures have included "Forensic Auditing" and "Accounting for Integrity" to audiences including business and law enforcement leaders from more than sixty nations, including the heads of Interpol and Europol, attorneys general and ambassadors of many countries. Maher served for five years on the National Advisory Board for the Center for Government Accounting Research and Education.
State House career.
Maher was first elected in 1997 the fill a mid-term vacancy in the House arising from the death of Representative Al Pettit. He was successful in winning a full term in 1998 and has been re-elected to additional two-year terms in each even year since. He currently serves as Chairman of the House Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee and is a member of the Standing Committee on Professional Licensure.
Maher authored changes to Pennsylvania's "Open Records Law" (also known as the "Right-to-Know Law"), and was subsequently awarded the Pennsylvania Newspaper Association awarded Maher its “Northrop Award for Open Government. He also authored the Audit Integrity Act 166 of 2004, which criminalized material deceptions committed in connection with a CPA’s attestation report intended for public use, and sponsored the law that provides for web based access to reports by lobbyists and those who hire them.
He also authored the Audit Integrity Act, which criminalized material deceptions committed in connection with a CPA’s attestation report intended for public use. The law makes it a crime for anyone, such as a company executive or director, to provide false or misleading information to deceive the public.
He also wrote Pennsylvania's Prudent Investor Standards, enacted in summer 2008, that elevated safety and soundness as prime objectives for state treasury investments. In addition, Maher authored Local Tax Conformance that applied a uniform measure of individual earned income replacing thousands that had been used across Pennsylvania’s 3,000 plus local taxing jurisdictions and nearly 600 tax collectors. This uniform standard enabled streamlining local tax collectors, which were reduced to to fewer than six dozen on January 1, 2012.
Awards.
The Pennsylvania Newspaper Association awarded Maher the "Bill Northrop Award for distinguished work supporting freedom of information." Maher received the "Seven Seals Award", for Meritorious Leadership and Initiative in Support of the Men and Women who Serve America in the National Guard and Reserve from the Deputy Secretary of Defense in 2003. Common Cause of Pennsylvania awarded Maher its "Champion of Good Government" award for 2009. Maher is the only Pennsylvania state official honored with this award during this century. The Pennsylvania Veterinary Medical Association together with the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine presented him with its highest honor, The Distinguished Service Award, in 2011, for his work to combat animal cruelty and advance animal health and veterinary medicine in the Commonwealth. The Humane Society of the United States recognized Maher as “Humane Legislator of the Year” for 2012. Maher was named to the "Legion of Honor" by Firearm Owners Against Crime (FOAC).
2012 campaign for Auditor General.
Maher announced his candidacy for State Auditor General in early 2012. In May 2012, he defeated businessman Frank Pinto to win the Republican nomination. He faced Democratic State Representative Eugene DePasquale in the fall general election.
In the first official endorsement of the 2012 Pennsylvania state election cycle, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette endorsed Maher for Auditor General, citing his status as a CPA and Maher's firm's specialization in auditing government agencies and nonprofits. Maher lost the general election to DePasquale by a margin of 160,000 votes.
Education.
Maher graduated from Duke University magna cum laude with a degree in Management Sciences and Accounting. He also completed scholarship studies at both Oxford University and the Australian Graduate School of Management.

</doc>
<doc id="19290929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290929" title="Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's double trap">
Shooting at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's double trap

Men's double trap shooting made its first appearance at the 1996 Summer Olympics, with Russell Mark becoming the inaugural champion after a strong final. Albano Pera and Zhang Bing won the other medals after a shoot-off with Park Chul-sung.
Qualification round.
OR Olympic record – Q Qualified for final
Final.
OR Olympic record

</doc>
<doc id="19290961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290961" title="Çağlar Birinci">
Çağlar Birinci

Çağlar Birinci (, born 2 October 1985) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a left back for Elazığspor in the Süper Lig.
Club career.
After a season with Denizlispor in the 2006–07 season, he secured a first-team place as a left-back. In the 2007–08 season, he was given the number 61 squad number, and became vice-captain., eventually becoming the captain.
International career.
Çağlar was selected for Turkey's 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification games against Armenia and Belgium. Çağlar made his debut against Belgium, starting as left-back.

</doc>
<doc id="19290988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290988" title="What's the Matter with Kansas? (film)">
What's the Matter with Kansas? (film)

"What's the Matter with Kansas?" is a 2009 documentary film by filmmakers Joe Winston and Laura Cohen. It is based on the "New York Times" bestselling "What's the Matter with Kansas? How Conservatives Won the Heart of America" (2004) by Thomas Frank.
Synopsis.
"What's the Matter with Kansas?" takes viewers to the heart of Middle America, which twice helped elect George W. Bush. The movie shows how Kansas, once home to left-wing movements like the Populist Party, became very conservative in the late 20th century. 
Abortion is a particularly volatile issue in Kansas, and pro-life activists had long staged protests around Dr. George Tiller's abortion clinic, because he was one of the few doctors in the country who performed late-term abortions. The largest of these protests, the Summer of Mercy campaign in 1991, sparked a conservative takeover of the state's Republican Party.
The movie features a variety of Kansans, most of them conservative, but focuses on three main characters.
Angel Dillard is a mother of two, and a Republican activist. We first meet her at the Kansas State Fair, where she is volunteering for the Kansans For Life booth. 
Brittany Barden is a tireless veteran of several rounds of Republican campaigns. Her mission is to return America to its roots as "a Christian nation". She's 18 years old.
Donn Teske describes himself as "a red-neck Kansas farmer". He also says corporate greed is "not very Christian". He fights to save his family farm and others like it.
Angel and Brittany both attend Terry Fox’s 6,000-member Immanuel Baptist Church in Wichita. Fox thunders from his pulpit denouncements of gay marriage, abortion and liberal politicians. He urges his flock to vote to "preserve Kansas' conservative movement" on the eve of the midterm elections.
In 2006, the winds of change blow through Kansas. Terry Fox’s church forces him to resign. He quickly found a new one -- in an amusement park called Wild West World. Angel follows Fox to his new church, and invests heavily in the park. Wild West World suddenly goes bankrupt, and the owner skips town with everyone’s money. In November, Republicans, even in Kansas, lose heavily in the 2006 midterm elections. There is a question of whether Angel's faith - in church and party - will be stretched past its breaking point.
Meanwhile, Donn Teske finds that the United States Congress is finally listening to him. He reminds them that family farmers care about the environment and global warming.
Despite all their defeats, the Christian Right remains defiant, organized and ready. “We may lose an election or two, but we’ll be back,” says Pastor Fox, speaking to his congregation, gathered at the Wichita Best Western motel.
Current status.
The Special Edition DVD was released January 25, 2011. Retail price is $24.98. Extras: commentary, extended/deleted scenes, audience Q&A with Frank and director/producer Joe Winston and producer Laura Cohen.

</doc>
<doc id="19290989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19290989" title="Cary Coglianese">
Cary Coglianese

Cary Coglianese is Edward B. Shils Professor of Law and professor of political science at the University of Pennsylvania where he is also director of the Penn Program on Regulation.
Biographical Information.
Coglianese specializes in the study of regulation and regulatory processes with a particular emphasis on the empirical evaluation of alternative regulatory strategies and the role of disputes, negotiation, and business-government relations in regulatory policy making. He founded and is the faculty advisor to RegBlog.org, a daily source of regulatory, news, analysis and opinion. He also created Erulemaking.org, a site dedicated to technological and institutional issues related to e-rulemaking and which makes research papers, policy documents, and conference materials accessible to those interested in the use of information technology in the regulatory process. Together with John Braithwaite and David Levi-Faur, Coglianese served as a founding editor of the peer-reviewed journal "Regulation & Governance".
Prior to joining Penn Law, Coglianese served on the faculty at the John F. Kennedy School of Government (1994-2006) where he was the founding chair of the school's Regulatory Policy Program and director of its Politics Research Group. He founded the Law and Society Association's international collaborative research network on regulatory governance, served as a Council member of the American Bar Association's Section of Administrative Law and Regulatory Practice, and served as Vice Chair of the Innovation, Management Systems, and Trading Committee of the American Bar Association's section on Environment, Energy, and Resources. He has taught as a visiting professor at the Stanford and Vanderbilt law schools, and has served as the Deputy Dean of Academic Affairs at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Coglianese holds a JD, a PhD in political science and a master's in public policy all from the University of Michigan. His undergraduate degree is from the College of Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="19291000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291000" title="Sathivayal">
Sathivayal

Sathivayal is a tiny hamlet in Kulathur Taluk in Pudukkottai District, Tamil Nadu, India. The village has a total population of about 150. Most of them originated from two families that arrived and established this village during 1830's; the area was uninhabited until their arrival. All residents in the village belong to the caste Parkavakulam. The village has one government school which serves students through the fifth grade.
Sathivayal is surrounded by the following villages: Peraambur, Amboorpatti, Mathayanaipatii and Villaarodai. Sathivayal doesn't have any Government Bus facility yet. The residents travel to Perambur located 1 mile South to avail Bus facilities and other shops.
Aerial photos & maps.
http://www.wikimapia.org/#lat=10.628427&lon=78.6526626&z=18&l=0&m=a&v=2&search=sathivayal

</doc>
<doc id="19291039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291039" title="Navy Office of Community Outreach">
Navy Office of Community Outreach

Navy Office of Community Outreach (NAVCO) is the U.S. Navy's Chief of Information (CHINFO) national community outreach field activity.
NAVCO's primary means of outreach is through Navy Weeks, which work to bring a concentration of Navy personnel and assets to cities and towns across Middle America. NAVCO accomplishes outreach at each Navy Week through several key programs which include the Navy Speakers' Bureau, Navy Band support, Navy Aviation support, Caps For Kids, media outreach, as well as coordinating with Ships and Submarines for namesake visits.
Mission.
NAVCO serves as the central point of coordination for Navy community outreach programs throughout the continental U.S. with the exception of fleet concentration areas and the Los Angeles and New York metropolitan areas. The goal of this coordination is to conduct and align national Navy image, awareness and branding efforts by coordinating existing personnel and assets to maximize community-relations impact.
Key aspects of NAVCO:
Navy Aviation Event Support.
The objective of Navy Aviation Support is to help facilitate and coordinate the distribution of active duty U.S. naval aircraft and aviation resources to support public demonstration events across the United States. Aviation support includes performances by the Blue Angels, the Leap Frogs, East and West Coast Tactical Demonstration Teams, aircraft static displays and flyovers. The Navy Office of Community Outreach determines the eligibility of each event based upon applicable Department of Defense and Department of the Navy regulations. A current listing of all eligible aviation events can be found on the Navy Office of Community Outreach website.
Navy Band Event Support.
The objective of the Navy Band Support is to coordinate Navy musical groups in support of Navy Weeks and related community outreach events throughout the United States. Band support is also coordinated for recruiting efforts through the Music for Recruiting Program. Navy bands across the United States are composed of top rated musicians who perform in various musical units including Ceremonial and Parade Bands, Pop/Rock Bands, Brass and Woodwind Quintets and Jazz Ensembles. Navy Bands may be authorized to perform concerts, patriotic ceremonies and parades for the general public and school concerts in support of Navy Recruiting.
Navy Speakers' Bureau.
The Navy Speakers' Bureau is designed to assist public organizations who are seeking Navy speakers for community relations and outreach events. Participating speakers are volunteers and include active and reserve component and retired Navy personnel as well as DON civilian personnel. The Navy Speakers Bureau also provides liaison for Navy flag officers who participate in Navy Weeks conducted in various cities across mid-America each year. In addition, the Navy Speakers Bureau provides a wide variety of resource materials to assist speakers in composing remarks and developing presentations. Organizations seeking speaking support for seminars, conventions, symposiums, and recurring meetings should pursue other avenues to locate speakers. Visit the NAVCO Navy Speakers Bureau page for more information on how to request a Navy speaker.
Navy Caps For Kids.
Background.
Early in the 1990s, the idea began circulating among a few charitable organizations to encourage celebrities and other notables to donate autographed hats and other clothing to hospitalized children. The Navy Office of Information Southwest, adapted the idea with a Navy flavor into an ever-growing outreach program. Today, more than 500 commands, including ships, submarines, naval air squadrons and Navy personnel have donated ball caps and other Navy memorabilia along with their time and energy to help bring a smile to the faces of young patients in hospitals all over the country.
Mission.
NAVCO supports the Navy Caps for Kids program by helping operational commands connect with children in hospitals throughout the nation. NAVCO collects ball caps donated from Navy commands everywhere and ensures they get personally delivered to young patients in hospitals in non-Navy regions. NAVCO also helps commands establish Caps for Kids programs with the hospitals in their local area.
Navy Weeks.
Navy Weeks are designed to educate Americans on the importance of Naval service, understand the investment they make in their Navy and to increase awareness in cities which might not otherwise see the Navy at work on a regular basis.
Navy Weeks are organized around an "anchor event" or large community event such as a state fair or a public holiday celebration. By planning Navy Weeks around or in conjunction with these larger public events, Navy Week participants are able to increase the awareness of a larger number of people from diverse geographic areas in regions all across the United States.
About 20 Navy Weeks are led by NAVCO each year. Cities and towns are selected based on a wide range of criteria with careful consideration given to aspects such as anchor events, Blue Angels air shows, asset availability, city size, demographic make-up, geographic region, relationship building, relationship sustainment and new outreach opportunities.
A typical Navy Week has two main elements:
Participating in any given Navy Week along with the Flag officer and Navy Band are active duty and reserve Navy Public Affairs Officers, local civic organizations, as well as local sailors and recruiters from the regional Navy Recruiting District (NRD). In addition, crewmembers from a namesake ship will participate in the Navy Week (i.e. sailors from the USS Cleveland visit the city of Cleveland during Cleveland Navy Week.)

</doc>
<doc id="19291052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291052" title="American Flyer (disambiguation)">
American Flyer (disambiguation)

American Flyer may mean:
American Flyers may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19291087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291087" title="Michael Petros III Kasparian">
Michael Petros III Kasparian

Michael Petros III Kasbarian (in Armenian Միքայէլ Պետրոս Գ. Գասպարեան ) was a member of the Order of St. Antoine, from Aleppo, Syria.
During his time at Bzommar there was not a church. All the big events took place at Kreim. He limited all outside activities, focusing on the Seat and its responsibilities. He began construction on the monk’s church at Bzommar in 1761 completing it in 1771. He worked diligently on expanding the convent at Bzommar, becoming the largest construction area on the mountain. 
Michael Petro III found the need for missionaries to carry the message to neighboring countries. Missionaries that served the patriarch were not typically members of the St. Antoine Order as the Order desired to raise up those who would become patriarchs rather than teach missionaries.

</doc>
<doc id="19291091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291091" title="Glencairn">
Glencairn

Glencairn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19291099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291099" title="Zahir Tanin">
Zahir Tanin

Zahir Tanin (Persian: ظاهر طنين), born on 1 May 1956, presented his credentials as Permanent Representative to the United Nations for the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan to Kofi Annan, Secretary-General of the United Nations on 19 December 2006.
Career.
Tanin is a graduate of the Kabul Medical University.
He worked for eleven years with the BBC World Service: as a producer from 1995 to 2001, and then as an editor until 2006, for Afghanistan and Central Asia until 2003, then for Afghanistan in the Persian/Pashto Section.
Before joining the BBC, Tanin was a research fellow in International Relations at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) for two years (from 1994 to 1995).
He began his career in 1980 working as a journalist in Kabul. He was Editor-in-Chief of Akhbar-e-Haftah and Sabawoon Magazine until 1992 and served as the Vice President of the Journalist Union of Afghanistan from 1987 to 1992.
United Nations.
As Permanent Representative of Afghanistan, Tanin participated in meetings of the UN General Assembly as a member of his country’s delegation since 2007, and delivered statements on behalf of the Government of Afghanistan in the UN Security Council, UN General Assembly, and other events and panels both within and outside of the UN. 
Tanin traveled to meetings around the world to represent his country, including the Rio +20 conference in June 2012, the 4th UN Conference on Least Developed Countries in Istanbul in June 2011, and as head of delegation in LDC conferences in Lisbon in 2010, in Delhi in 2011, and the Non-Aligned Movement Ministerial Meeting in Cuba in 2009. Tanin also served as a Vice-president of the 63rd and 65th Sessions of the General Assembly, and during the 67th session on behalf of the Asian Group, and as acting president.
Tanin was appointed Vice-Chair of the Open-ended Working Group and Chair of the Intergovernmental Negotiations (IGN) on Security Council Reform during the 63rd General Assembly in 2008. He was reappointed to chair the ongoing negotiations during the 64th, 65th, 66th, 67th and 68th sessions. In this capacity he spoke at conferences, including Brazil and Rome in 2009, the Global Governance and Security Council Reform conference also in Rome, and the Doha Forum in May 2011.
On behalf of Afghanistan, Tanin became a Vice Chair of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People in 2006, and chaired or attended meetings around the world. 
Personal life.
Tanin is married with two children. 

</doc>
<doc id="19291101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291101" title="Sun4d">
Sun4d

Sun4d is a computer architecture introduced by
Sun Microsystems in 1992. It is a development of the earlier Sun-4 architecture, using the XDBus system bus,
SuperSPARC processors, and SBus I/O cards. The XDBus
was the result of a collaboration between Sun
and Xerox; its name comes from an earlier Xerox
project, the Xerox Dragon. These were Sun's largest machines to date, and
their first attempt at making a mainframe-class server.
Architecture.
Sun4d computers are true SMP systems;
although memory and CPUs are installed per system board, the memory on
a given board is not in any way "closer" to the CPUs on that same
board. All memory and I/O devices are equally connected to all CPUs.
All of these computers use a passive backplane into which system
boards are plugged. Each system board provides CPUs, memory, and
an I/O bus. As system boards are added, these components are
added to the whole in a completely seamless fashion. It is not
a cluster, but works as a single large machine.
Machines.
Sun4d computers include the SPARCcenter 2000 (1992) and
SPARCserver 1000 (1993) from Sun Microsystems, and the
Cray CS6400 (1993) from Cray Research.
The system boards in these three machines are all slightly
different, physically and electronically, and are
not interchangeable.
All Sun4d machines provide JTAG ports, although unlike later systems the SPARCcenter and SPARCserver only use it for maintenance purposes.
SPARCserver 1000.
The SPARCserver 1000 is a 5U rackmountable chassis with four 40 MHz XDBus slots,
and space for four half-height 3.5" SCSI drives plus two half-height
front-accessible 5.25" SCSI drives (typically used for CD-ROM and DAT). Each
system board connects to one XDBus and provides two MBus slots
for CPUs, three SBus slots for I/O boards, four banks of memory
(four SIMMs apiece), and builtin SCSI-2, 10baseT Ethernet, and two serial ports.
Maximum configuration: eight CPUs and 2 GB RAM.
The SPARCserver 1000E has a slightly faster XDBus (50 MHz). The system boards are not backwards compatible.
The SPARCserver 1000, like earlier Sun-4/xxx servers, has a set of LEDs on each system board that display diagnostics on POST, and CPU load while running. These allow the user to see at a glance how busy each processor on the system is. They are informally referred to as "Cylon" displays, because of the way each displays a single light bouncing back and forth resembles the scanner of the robots in the original "Battlestar Galactica" television series.
The SPARCserver 1000 will run a slightly-patched Linux 2.4 kernel in SMP mode. 
SPARCcenter 2000.
The SPARCcenter 2000 is a full rack system that includes a main chassis with ten 40MHz dual-XDBus slots and several disk arrays. The system boards connect to two XDBuses for extra bandwidth, and provide two MBus slots, four SBus slots, four banks of memory (four SIMMs apiece), and two serial ports apiece. Unlike the SPARCserver 1000 boards, they do not have a builtin SCSI and Ethernet port per system board.
Maximum configuration: twenty CPUs and 5 GB RAM.
The SPARCcenter 2000E has a slightly faster XDBus (50 MHz). The system boards are not backwards compatible.
Cray Superserver 6400.
The Cray CS6400 is a 16-slot, 55 MHz quad-XDBus system. Each system board provides four MBus slots, four SBus slots, four banks of memory, and no builtin I/O ports.
Maximum configuration: sixty-four CPUs and 16 GB RAM.
When SGI purchased Cray Research in 1996, they sold the division responsible for the CS6400 to Sun, where it was developed into the extremely successful Sun Enterprise 10000.
Performance.
Relative performance of Sun-4d machines, based on SPEC 
CINT92 Rate benchmarks:

</doc>
<doc id="19291118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291118" title="James Byng">
James Byng

James Byng (born 1985) is an English actor and vocalist. Acting since the age of ten, James made his West End debut in the title role of "Oliver!" at the London Palladium. He played the same role in the national tour of "Oliver!" and at the Royal Charity Gala "Hey! Mr. Producer", honoring theatrical producer Cameron Mackintosh at the Lyceum Theatre on 8 June 1998. Byng also played Gavroche in "Les Misérables" at the Palace Theatre. From 2007 to 2008 he was seen on stage at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, first playing various ensemble roles and then taking over the part of Frodo Baggins in Matthew Warchus' theatrical adaption of "The Lord of the Rings". In 2008-09 Byng appeared in the role of John Darling in the musical "Peter Pan" at the West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds. He just finished a tour with the West Yorkshire Playhouse production of "The History Boys" by Alan Bennet, in which he played Posner. From September until November 2010 Byng was on tour with a production of "Carrie's War" in the role of Nick Willow.
Byng's television and film work includes the role of George Hawthorne in the 2002 television adaptation of "Goodbye Mr. Chips", starring Martin Clunes which aired both in Great Britain and in the United States. In this made for television film he appeared as James Malcolm. He also played wayward American Montague Bear in the independent film "Rupert Brockstein's Blood Red Letters".
James has also been seen and heard as host and resident jazz vocalist at the Starlight Theatre, Manchester, and the Grove Inn Jazz Club in Leeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19291126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291126" title="Usun Yoon">
Usun Yoon

Usun Yoon (born 1977) is a South Korean actress and reporter who lives in Spain.
Early life.
Yoon was born in 1977 in Busan, South Korea. She studied Political Science, International relations and Linguistics in Busan University of Foreign Studies (1994–1996). She went later to Toronto to follow her studies (1996–1998). She later studied drama in the Spanish company theatre "La Barraca" in Madrid (2002–2004).
Career.
She worked later as a publicity model and took part in several videoclips (Alejandro Sanz, The Corrs or Carlos Jean)
She is well known in Spain for work on TV satirical news show "El intermedio", on Spanish network La Sexta from 2007 to 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19291160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291160" title="Hill &amp; Wang">
Hill &amp; Wang

Hill & Wang is an American book publishing company focused on American history, world history, and politics. It is a division of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
Hill & Wang was founded as an independent publishing house in 1956 by Arthur Wang and Lawrence Hill, who were both working at A. A. Wyn. They bought backlist books from Wyn and started Dramabooks, publishing plays in trade paperback, then a new format. The series included Jean Cocteau, Arthur L. Kopit and Lanford Wilson. In 1959, Arthur Wang acquired Elie Wiesel's Holocaust memoir, Night, which had been turned down by several English-language publishers, publishing it in 1960. They continued to build the Hill & Wang list to include such authors as Roland Barthes, Langston Hughes, and American historians Stanley Kutler and William Cronon.
In 1971, the two sold Hill & Wang to Farrar, Straus and Giroux, and the imprint continues to be recognized for its high quality nonfiction. More recently, it has published authors such as Cass Sunstein, Philip Gura, John Allen Paulos, Melvyn Leffler, Thomas Bender, William Poundstone, Woody Holton, and Eric Rauchway.
The imprint also launched a graphic line, "Novel Graphics," when it published a graphic adaptation of the 9/11 Commission Report by Sid Jacobson and Ernie Colón. It has since published several graphic biographies and works of graphic journalism, and a graphic adaptation of the United States Constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="19291161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291161" title="Vijayakanth filmography">
Vijayakanth filmography

This following is a complete list of all the films Vijayakanth has acted in:

</doc>
<doc id="19291167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291167" title="Katie True">
Katie True

Katie True is a Republican politician, and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
True was born in Baltimore, Maryland but moved to Lancaster County, Pennsylvania as a youth. She is a graduate of J. P. McCaskey High School.
True began her career in public service when she founded Kids Saving Kids, a nationally recognized drug-education program for elementary students. She was a Member of the National Federation of Parents for Drug Free Youth and served as Youth Director for Pennsylvanians AWARE, a statewide drug and alcohol prevention coalition. 
Her work in the community combined with service as a Republican Committee woman eventually led to a political career. True was first elected to represent the 37th district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1992. She served in that position until 2000, when she left the House to run for Pennsylvania Auditor General. She lost that election to Bob Casey, Jr..
After her defeat in 2000, True served as the Executive Director of the Pennsylvania Commission for Women under Governor Tom Ridge.
In the 2002 election, True was elected to represent the 41st legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. She retired prior to the 2010 election.
On April 4, 2011, Governor Tom Corbett named True to lead the Bureau of Professional and Occupational Affairs within the Pennsylvania Department of State. As commissioner, True will oversee the state’s professional and occupational hearing boards. The bureau provides administrative and legal support for all of the state’s licensing boards - which oversees professionals from medical doctors to accountants and funeral directors – while protecting the health, safety and welfare of the public from fraudulent and unethical practitioners.

</doc>
<doc id="19291170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291170" title="Harrison Institute">
Harrison Institute

Founded in 1930, the Harrison Institute is a UK charity that specialises in mammal taxonomy and biodiversity studies in the Old World tropics and subtropics, especially southern and southeast Asia, Arabia and eastern Africa.
Mission.
The Harrison Institute seeks to promote and facilitate biodiversity conservation through:
The Harrison Institute provides training for counterparts from a range of Eurasian and African countries. Capacity building and skills development are offered in a series of subjects including project design, field survey techniques, analysing data, preparing scientific reports and publications and the conservation and management of zoological collections.
Zoological collections.
The Harrison Institute is home to over 50,000 scientific specimens. Its collection includes 33,000 recent and fossil mammals and 18,000 recent birds. The fossil mammal collection is growing rapidly and contains holdings of national and international importance. These include Quaternary faunas from the UK and Poland and Tertiary faunas from the UK. The Recent bird collection is the oldest collection in the Institute with some specimens prepared in the first half of the 19th century. The collection was obtained by James and Jeffery Harrison and is focused on the Palaearctic region, with an emphasis on wildfowl. It includes the Ticehurst and Billy Paine collections and some of the Hastings Rarities.
Expeditions.
In the last 50 years the Harrison Institute has organised or participated in over 75 field surveys and expeditions to 36 countries in 5 continents. Each has been concerned with an aspect of natural history and was part of a wider programme of conservation or wildlife studies involving scientific institutions from the host country.
History.
The Harrison Institute was founded by James Harrison in 1930. Based at Bowerwood House in Sevenoaks, some 40 km from central London, the Institute originally focused on the study of British and Palaearctic birds. In 1971, its zoological collections were recognised as being of national and international importance and it became a charitable trust (No 268830). In 1986, it was further recognised as a Registered Scientific Institution by the then Department of the Environment (now the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs), a UK Government Department and was listed under CITES.
Under the leadership of David Harrison (James's younger son), the Institute increasingly focused on the study and conservation of mammals. Conservation initiatives were concentrated in Arabia and scientific publications were primarily concerned with the Old World tropics and subtropics. More recently, the Institute has been involved in research, training and scientific expeditions to East Africa, the Indian Subcontinent and South-East Asia. It also researches the Tertiary and Quaternary UK mammal faunas.

</doc>
<doc id="19291172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291172" title="Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 200">
Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 200

Site 200 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome is a launch site used by Proton rockets. It consists of two launch pads, areas 39 and 40. Area 39 is currently used for Proton-M launches, including commercial flights conducted by International Launch Services. Area 40 is currently inactive, as it was slated to be rebuilt as a launch site for the Angara rocket. Although the project was relocated to Site 250, Area 40 was not put back into service.
A number of planetary probes have been launched from Site 200. Venera 14, Venera 15, Vega 1, Fobos 1 and the failed Mars-96 spacecraft were launched from area 39. Venera 13, Venera 16, Vega 2, Fobos 2 were launched from Area 40. Area 39 was also the launch site for the core of the Mir space station, along with both Kvant modules, and the Kristall module. Salyut 7 and Granat were launched from Area 40.

</doc>
<doc id="19291181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291181" title="Miguel Ángel Silvestre">
Miguel Ángel Silvestre

Miguel Ángel Silvestre Rambla (born on 6 April 1982 in Castellón de la Plana) is a Spanish actor. 
Biography.
He was going to become a professional tennis player, but he suffered an injury in a Hungarian tournament. He later decided to study kinesiotherapy until his aunt introduced him in the world of theatre.
Media career.
He studied drama, physical theatre, modern dance and acrobatics before he won "Mister Castellón 2002" pageant. 
Movie career.
Silvestre stars in the Pedro Almodóvar film "I'm So Excited" and in the Spanish horror thriller "Verbo".

</doc>
<doc id="19291186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291186" title="Carter Bassett Harrison (1811–1839)">
Carter Bassett Harrison (1811–1839)

Carter Bassett Harrison (October 26, 1811 – August 12, 1839) was an American attorney and son of William Henry Harrison.
Born in Vincennes, Indiana, the son of future President William Henry Harrison and Anna Tuthill Symmes and the grandson of Declaration of Independence signer Benjamin Harrison V, Harrison entered Miami University in 1826 at the age of fifteen. He joined the Union Literary Society whose membership included Caleb Blood Smith, Robert C. Schenck and Cyrus Falconer, who would become a medical doctor and delegate to the Whig convention that nominated William Henry Harrison for the presidency. In the fall of 1828, Carter left school to travel with his father to Colombia, South America as his private secretary. They were recalled by President Andrew Jackson in September 1829 and arrived home in February 1830. Carter returned to Miami University to live in the newly constructed Elliott Hall and to teach the Spanish he learned to his fellow students. Upon graduation, he served as a clerk in Robert Schenck's Dayton, Ohio law office. When he was admitted to the bar, he joined his father in Cincinnati assisting in his business affairs. In 1836, he married Mary Sutherland of Hamilton, Ohio in a double ceremony with his sister, Anna Tuthill Harrison who married a second cousin, Colonel William Henry Harrison Taylor of Virginia. After the marriage, Carter began his practice of law in Hamilton. He died in August 1839, before his father's run for president, leaving his wife and an infant daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19291190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291190" title="Ilie Pintilie">
Ilie Pintilie

Ilie Pintilie (1903 – 10 November 1940) was a Romanian communist railroad worker and activist of the Romanian Communist Party (PCR).
Pintilie joined the labour movement as an apprentice at the CFR workrooms in Nicolina-Iaşi, and became a member of the then-outlawed PCR in 1926. In February 1933, as the Griviţa Strike unfolded in Bucharest, he took part in organising railway strikes elsewhere (particularly in Iaşi and Paşcani) as a member of the national action committee. Between 1934 and 1937 he undertook important tasks in the leadership of CFR unions and was an active member of the anti-war movement, writing numerous articles in left-wing newspapers and magazines. In 1936 he became a member of the Central Committee of the PCR. Arrested, tried and sent to prison several times for his activities, he was detained at Galata (Iaşi), Suceava and Jilava before being sent to Doftana prison. There, as an ethnic Romanian and a worker, he was the only rival for leadership of Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej, who had made a name for himself in the Griviţa Strike. Pintilie was killed when Doftana prison collapsed during the 1940 Vrancea earthquake. Later, he was buried in the crypt in the Carol Park Mausoleum; his remains were interred elsewhere when the Mausoleum was shut down in 1991. During the Communist period, a large number of streets bore his name, including Bucharest's Ilie Pintilie Boulevard, formerly Bonaparte Highway and called Iancu de Hunedoara Boulevard since the Romanian Revolution of 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19291198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291198" title="Parkavakulam">
Parkavakulam

Parkavakulam, is a Tamil-speaking community from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="19291219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291219" title="Babalı">
Babalı

Babalı or Babaly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19291227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291227" title="John Casimir, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau">
John Casimir, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau

John Casimir, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau (7 September 1596 – 15 September 1660), was a German prince of the House of Ascania. He was ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau from 1618 to 1660.
During his reign the tasks of government were carried out by a committee of court officials, because he devoted much of his time to hunting.
Life.
Early life.
John Casimir was born in Dessau on 7 September 1596 as the third (but second surviving) son of John George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, and the first-born child from his second marriage to Dorothea, daughter of John Casimir of Simmern.
After instruction with local tutors during his early years, John Casimir studied with his cousin Christian II of Anhalt-Bernburg in Geneva from 1608 to 1609. His tutors there were the "Hofmeisters" Markus Friedrich Wendelin and Peter von Sebottendorf.
The death of his older brother Joachim Ernest in 1615 made him the new heir of Dessau. Two years later, in 1617, his uncle Louis of Anhalt-Köthen, made him a member of the Fruitbearing Society.
Reign.
In 1618, after the death of his father, John Casimir succeeded him in Anhalt-Dessau, but the tasks of government were carried out by a committee of court officials, because the new prince devoted much of his time to hunting.
A hunting accident on 4 October 1652 left him confined to bed for several years. During this time, in order to distract him, the famous poet and writer Philipp von Zesen was employed in his household.
Death and succession.
John Casimir died in Dessau on 15 September 1660, aged 64. He was succeeded as prince of Anhalt-Dessau by his eldest surviving son, John George.
Marriages and Issue.
Marriages.
In Dessau on 18 May 1623 John Casimir married Agnes (b. Kassel, 13 April 1606 – d. Dessau, 28 May 1650), daughter of Maurice, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel. They had six children.
In Dessau on 14 July 1651 John Casimir married for a second time to his cousin Sophie Margarete (b. Amberg, 16 September 1615 – d. Dessau, 27 December 1673), daughter of Christian I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg. The union was childless.

</doc>
<doc id="19291238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291238" title="SS West Nohno">
SS West Nohno

SS "West Nohno" was a cargo ship for the launched shortly after the end of World War I. The ship was inspected by the United States Navy for possible use as USS "West Nohno" (ID-4029) but was neither taken into the Navy nor ever commissioned under that name.
"West Nohno" was built in 1919 for the , as a part of the "West" ships, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort, and was the 24th ship built at Northwest Steel in Portland, Oregon. Completed too late for that conflict, she operated for a number of years as a merchant ship sailing to African ports for the American West African Line.
In November 1941, "West Nohno" became the first American merchant ship to be armed prior to the United States' entry into World War II. Shortly after the U.S. entry to that conflict, she was employed for one roundtrip to the Soviet Union in March 1942. After her return, she sailed mainly between the United States and United Kingdom ports. In 1943, a civilian crewman aboard "West Nohno" was convicted of sedition for trying to incite a rebellion among members of the ship's crew and Naval Armed Guard. In February 1944, she sailed from the United States for the final time, and was scuttled in June as part of the "gooseberry" breakwater off Utah Beach during the Normandy invasion, earning a battle star for the ship.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Nohno", the one of some 40 "West" ships built by the Northwest Steel of Portland, Oregon. "West Nohno" (Northwest Steel yard number 24, hull number 1080) was launched 12 February 1919 and completed in May 1919.
"West Nohno" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a steel hull and had a deadweight tonnage of . Sources do not give "West Nohno"s other hull characteristics, but , a sister ship also built at Northwest Steel had a displacement of 12,200 t with a mean draft of , and a hold deep. "West Nohno" power plant consisted of a single steam turbine that drove a single screw propeller, which moved the ship at up to .
Early career.
"West Nohno" was inspected by the United States Navy after completion for possible use and was assigned the identification number of 4029. Had she been commissioned, she would have been known as USS "West Nohno" (ID-4029), but the Navy neither took over the ship nor commissioned her.
Information on "West Nohno"s early career is incomplete, but through the end of 1920 the cargo ship sailed on a New York – Glasgow route. By early 1922, "West Nohno" was sailing for the -owned American West African Line. The principal ports visited by American West African ships were Dakar, Freetown, Monrovia, and Lagos. News items reported that "West Nohno" also visited Teneriffe, Accra, Las Palmas, Grand-Bassam, Seccondee, and Saint Vincent. "West Nohno" was still on African routes as late as 1928, when the began accepting bids for the purchase of the American West African Line.
From 1928 to 1941, little is known about "West Nohno"s activities. At some point during this period, she was laid up as part of a reserve fleet, in which she remained as late as 1939. By May 1941, now under ownership of the (a successor to the ), the ship had been reactivated and was scheduled to sail in Red Sea service under the operation of American Export Lines. In this Red Sea service, ships would carry materiel for the British to Red Sea and Gulf of Aden ports and carry strategic materials needed by the United States on return journeys.
World War II.
When amendments to the U.S. Neutrality Acts in late 1941 allowed United States merchant ships to be armed for service in the Atlantic, "West Nohno" became the first vessel so equipped when a large deck gun and three anti-aircraft gun emplacements were installed by workers at the Tietjen & Lang Drydock in Hoboken, New Jersey in late November. Navy officials, citing secrecy concerns, would not reveal the size of the gun, but allowed that the bore was between . While at the shipyard, "West Nohno"s wheelhouse and radio shack were reinforced with thick walls of concrete to protect against machine-gun bullets, and the ship was repainted "battleship gray".
After her guns were installed, "West Nohno" had made her way to Sydney, Nova Scotia, by 27 December when she sailed as a part of transatlantic Convoy SC 86. With her destination set for Murmansk, "West Nohno" peeled off from the convoy and headed to Reykjavík, Iceland. While at anchor in Iceland, "West Nohno" experienced a winter storm from 15 to 19 January 1942. On 15 January, the storm, packing winds of and gusts of up to , drove "West Nohno" into , damaging the heavy cruiser. Apparently suffering no major damage herself in the collision, "West Nohno" joined Arctic convoy PQ 9, which sailed on 1 February and arrived at Murmansk nine days later. Though the convoy had arrived at its destination, the danger of German attack was still present. The nearest German airfield was away—about 7 to 10 minutes flying time—which gave almost no advance warning of air raids. German dive bombers would silently glide in below Soviet anti-aircraft fire, drop their payloads, and fly away. Despite the fact that Murmansk had limited port facilities and typically slow unloading of cargo, sometimes requiring ships to remain in port for weeks or months, "West Nohno" was ready to sail in Convoy QP 8 on 1 March, returning to Reykjavik on 11 March. She sailed for Halifax eleven days later and arrived on 7 April.
"West Nohno" had made her way to Hampton Roads, Virginia, by 29 May, when she sailed for Key West, Florida. After her 4 June arrival at Key West, she began a nine-month journey to Alexandria, Cairo, and other ports. During this extended voyage, three crewmen entered one of "West Nohno"s fuel tanks to clean it while the ship was at Suez on 29 September 1942. The crewmen did not use gas masks and were soon overcome by fumes. The second mate of the Norwegian tanker "Britannia", Henning Vaagsnes, entered the tank and removed all three men. Two of "West Nohno"s men survived but the third, despite two hours of attempts to revive him by Vaagsnes, did not. For his efforts, Vaagsnes received a pair of binoculars from U.S. president Franklin D. Roosevelt and a gold watch from the ship owners. He was also awarded St. Olav's medal with Oak Branch, a medal awarded for personal courage and bravery by the Norwegian government.
In February 1943, the "West Nohno" completed her nine-month journey when she arrived at Mobile, Alabama, after sailing via Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, and Key West. The "Chicago Daily Tribune" reported that during this voyage, seaman James Orville Couchois had incited subordination and disloyalty among the crew. The head of the Naval Armed Guard detachment aboard "West Nohno" reported Couchois' activities, as well as comments from other crew members on the ship. After the ship had docked at Mobile, Couchois was removed from the ship and ultimately faced a trial for sedition. Couchois, who was the deck manager for the National Maritime Union of the Congress of Industrial Organizations, was convicted and sentenced to a prison term of five years.
In late March, "West Nohno" began the first of three Boston–Liverpool round trips. On the Halifax–Liverpool leg of this first trip, she had some unspecified problem that required her return to Halifax, but it must have been a minor problem since she sailed again for Liverpool a week later. The cargo ship returned to Boston on 3 June and began her second voyage to Liverpool on 30 June. While in the UK she called at Loch Ewe, Methil, and Oban in July and August before her 6 September return to Boston. Her third journey was an extended one that began by sailing from Boston on 3 October. She arrived at Liverpool three weeks later. During the next seven weeks, she made her way to Milford Haven, from which she began her last westbound transatlantic crossing on 13 December. "West Nohno" arrived in Boston on 5 January 1944.
Final voyage.
"West Nohno" had been selected to become one of the blockships for the Allied invasion of France, then in the planning stages. Though the specific modifications performed on "West Nohno" are not revealed in sources, modifications for other ships do appear. In November 1944, "The Christian Science Monitor" reported that blockships dispatched from Boston, like "West Nohno", had been loaded with "tons of sand and cement" and had been rigged with explosive charges before departing the port. Further, existing antiaircraft weapons had been moved higher up on the ship and supplemented by additional guns. An account by Cesar Poropat, chief engineer aboard , another blockship dispatched from Boston, mentions that transverse bulkheads aboard that ship were cut open to facilitate sinking.
"West Nohno" departed Boston on 24 February and arrived at Halifax two days later. Departing from that port on 29 February, she sailed in Convoy HX-281 and arrived at Milford Haven on 15 March. She departed there for Portsmouth the same day. "West Nohno"s whereabouts and movements through early June are not recorded. Other ships that had been selected as blockships assembled in a "corncob" fleet at Oban, though it's not clear if "West Nohno" did or not. The "corncob" fleet was the group of ships intended to be sunk to form the "gooseberries", shallow-water artificial harbors for landing craft. Poropat reports that once the ship crews were told of their mission while anchored at Oban, they were not permitted to leave the ships.
Three "corncob" convoys, consisting of what one author called the "dregs of the North Atlantic shipping pool", departed from Poole and reached the Normandy beachhead the next day, shortly after the D-Day landings. Poropat reports that the corncob ships traveled under cover of darkness and, stripped of all unnecessary equipment, carried no radios, having only a signal lamp (with a spare bulb) for communication. Once at the designated location, the ships were put into position and scuttled over the next days, under heavy German artillery fire. Naval Armed Guardsmen manned the guns on all the gooseberry ships to protect against frequent German air attacks; "West Nohno"s gunners assisted in shooting down several planes on 10 June. All the while, harbor pilots—about half of the New York Bar Pilots Association, according to one source—carefully positioned the ships. "West Nohno" and were the last two ships sunk off Utah Beach when they went down on 11 June. Even though she had been sunk, "West Nohno" continued to serve as an antiaircraft platform manned by Navy gun crews until 18 June, and by Army crews after that date. "West Nohno"s naval gunners were awarded a battle star for participation in the Normandy Landings.

</doc>
<doc id="19291269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291269" title="Genealogy (philosophy)">
Genealogy (philosophy)

In philosophy, genealogy is a historical technique in which one questions the commonly understood emergence of various philosophical and social beliefs by attempting to account for the scope, breadth or totality of ideology within the time period in question, as opposed to focusing on a singular or dominant ideology. Moreover, a genealogy often attempts to look beyond the ideologies in question, for the conditions of their possibility (particularly in Foucault's genealogies). It has been developed as a continuation of the works of Friedrich Nietzsche.
Nietzsche.
Nietzsche criticized "the genealogists" in "On the Genealogy of Morals" and proposed the use of a historic philosophy in order to critique modern morality by supposing that it developed into its current form through power relations. Even though the philosophy of Nietzsche has wrongly been characterized as genealogy, a term he never uses of his own philosophy or at all except in "On the Genealogy of Morals", the later philosophy that has been influenced by Nietzsche and which is commonly described as genealogy shares several fundamental aspects of the insights of Nietzsche. Nietzschean historic philosophy has been described as "a consideration of oppositional tactics" that embraces instead of foreclosing the conflict between philosophical and historical accounts.
Foucault.
In the late twentieth century, Michel Foucault expanded the concept of genealogy into a counter-history of the position of the subject which traces the development of people and societies through history. His genealogy of the subject accounts "for the constitution of knowledges, discourses, domains of objects, and so on, without having to make reference to a subject which is either transcendental in relation to the field of events or runs in its empty sameness throughout the course of history."
As Foucault discussed in his essay "Nietzsche, Genealogy, History", Foucault's ideas of genealogy were greatly influenced by the work that Nietzsche had done on the development of morals through power. Foucault also describes genealogy as a particular investigation into those elements which "we tend to feel without history". This would include things such as sexuality, and other elements of everyday life. Genealogy is not the search for origins, and is not the construction of a linear development. Instead it seeks to show the plural and sometimes contradictory past that reveals traces of the influence that power has had on truth.
As one of the important theories of Michel Foucault, genealogy deconstructs truth, arguing that truth is, more often than not, discovered by chance, backed by the operation of power or the consideration of interest. Therefore, all truths are questionable. Pointing out the unreliability of truth, which is accused as "having tendency of relativity and nihilism", the theory flatly refuses the uniformity and regularity of history, emphasizing the irregularity and inconstancy of truth and toppling the notion that history progresses in a linear order.
The practice of genealogy is also closely linked to what Foucault called the "archeological method:"
It seems that from the empirical observability for us of an ensemble to its historical acceptability, to the very period of time in which it is actually observable, the analysis goes by way of the knowledge-power nexus, supporting it, recouping it at the point where it is accepted, moving toward what makes it acceptable, of course, not in general, but only where it is accepted. This is what can be characterized as recouping it in its positivity. Here, then, is a type of procedure, which, unconcerned with legitimizing and consequently excluding the fundamental point of view of the law, runs through the cycle of positivity by proceeding from the fact of acceptance to the system of acceptability analyzed through the knowledge-power interplay. Let us say that this is, approximately, the archaeological level analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="19291285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291285" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman +100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman +100 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman +100 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19291292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291292" title="Suburban Technical School">
Suburban Technical School

Suburban Technical School is located in Hempstead, New York, in the United States.
Programs Offered.
Medical Assistant: upon completion, students are able to work in entry-level health care positions.
Accreditation Information.
Suburban Technical School is accredited by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges of Technology to award diplomas.

</doc>
<doc id="19291307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291307" title="Tingidae">
Tingidae

Tingidae is a family of very small () insects in the order Hemiptera that are commonly referred to as lace bugs. This group is distributed worldwide with about 2,000 described species.
They are called lace bugs because the pronotum and forewings of the adult have a delicate and intricate network of divided areas that resemble lace. Their body appearance is flattened dorso-ventrally and they can be broadly oval or slender. Often the head is concealed under the hood-like pronotum. 
Lace bugs are usually host-specific and can be very destructive to plants. Most feed on the undersides of leaves by piercing the epidermis and sucking the sap. The then empty cells give the leaves a bronzed or silvery appearance. Each individual usually completes its entire life cycle on the same plant, if not the same part of the plant. 
Most species have one to two generations per year, but some species have multiple generations. Most overwinter as adults but some species overwinter as eggs or nymphs. This group has incomplete metamorphosis in that the immature stages resemble the adults, except that the immatures are smaller and do not have wings. However, wing pads appear in the second and third instar and increase in size as the nymph matures. Depending on the species, lace bugs have four (few) or five (most) instars.
Lace bugs sometimes fall out of trees, land on people and bite, which, although painful, is a minor nuisance. No medical treatment is necessary.
Phylogeny.
The phylogenetic relationships of Tingoidea are not well established, with various authors treating the families, and subfamilies, and tribes differently. The phylogeny here follows that of Drake and Ruhoff 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19291327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291327" title="Canal Saint-Denis">
Canal Saint-Denis

The Canal Saint-Denis is a canal in Paris that is in length. The canal connects the Canal de l'Ourcq, at a point north-northwest of the Bassin de la Villette in the 19th arrondissement, with the suburban municipalities of Saint-Denis and Aubervilliers in the department of Seine-Saint-Denis. There are seven locks along the canal's route, and, near Saint-Denis, the canal discharges into the Seine.
In 1802 Napoléon Bonaparte issued a decree for the construction of the canal to both expedite shipping and reduce the number of ships and barges sailing up and down the Seine through the center of Paris. Contracts to build and operate the canals in the Île-de-France were granted to private banking firms. These contracts required the city of Paris to purchase land, and the merchant-bankers who won the contracts, Roman Vassal, Lafitte, André, and Cottier, were expected to construct the waterways. As compensation for their large outlays, the bankers were permitted to collect tolls on the canal for a term of ninety-nine years. The canal was completed in 1821.
The canal is part of the "Réseau des Canaux Parisiens" (Parisian Canal Network), a public-works authority operated by the city. The other components of the network are the Canal de l'Ourcq, the Bassin de la Villette, the Canal Saint-Martin, and the Bassin de l'Arsenal. Together, these canals and basins extend roughly .
History.
Napoléon Bonaparte ordered the creation of a Parisian canal network on May 19, 1802. Specifically, he decreed that the Seine be diverted from below the Bassin de l'Arsenal to the Bassin de la Villette. The canal would continue through Saint-Denis to rejoin the Seine in order to avoid having a shipping canal pass through the center of Paris. Additionally, the new canal would expedite navigation by avoiding the Seine's meandering turns.
Private financiers were awarded the contracts to construct and manage the canals. The city of Paris agreed to purchase the land and surrender the tolls for 99 years in order that the firms build the canals. (The cost of construction was estimated at 6 million francs.) Work began in 1805 under Édouard de Villiers du Terrage. In May 1821, the canal opened, having expended less than its allotted budget. At its creation, the canal had twelve locks with an overall change in level of .
Between 1890 and 1895, the canal was reconstructed and enlarged in order to permit the passage of wider-beamed barges, and the number of locks was reduced from twelve to eight. The first lock was named "Écluse du Pont de Flandre" ("Flanders Bridge Lock"), and it alone covered of lift, replacing four of the older locks. In 2008, the canal was composed of seven locks.
Since 1983, the canal has been open to pleasure craft.
Technical specifications.
The canal has an average width of , and it ranges from to . The canal covers roughly 36 hectares of Parisian public space. The waters are open 365 days a year and, together with the Canal de l'Ourcq and the Canal Saint-Martin, carry between 500,000 and 1 million tons of materials and merchandise per year.
The depth of the canal varies from to . This permits wider barges and other craft up to a maximum of 1,000 tons displacement. Vessels may travel the canal if their beam is less than , their air draft less than , and their draft less than . Launching slips are located at the Pont de Stains in Aubervilliers.
Tourism and management.
Management.
In a study by the architect, Michel Corajoud, the canal has been recognized as a unifying factor in the Parisian urban area. This devolves from the fact that the canal links Paris with Aubervilliers and Saint-Denis. It is a part of the "Communauté de communes de la Plaine de France", a federation of communities organized to coordinate local projects.
Recently, the following improvements to the canal network have been undertaken:
Most of the plans, inaugurated at the Seine nautical festival in 2006, have been fulfilled. However, a section remains to be finished, but it should be complete by 2012.
Points of interest.
The canal passes by a number of places that may be of interest to tourists:

</doc>
<doc id="19291329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291329" title="Edişə">
Edişə

Edişə or Edişa or Edisha or Yedysha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19291341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291341" title="Bryant Clifford Meyer">
Bryant Clifford Meyer

Bryant Clifford Meyer (sometimes credited as Clifford Meyer, BC Meyer, Cliff Meyer or Bryant C Meyer) is a keyboardist, guitarist and vocalist, best known for his tenure with Los Angeles, California-based post-metal band Isis. He was with the band since its debut full-length, "Celestial", in 2000. Previously, he was a formative member of Boston-based rock band The Gersch. He is also a member of post-rock side projects Red Sparowes, Windmills by the Ocean and a solo project named Taiga.
In April 2012 it was announced that Meyer had joined Chino Moreno of Deftones, along with former bandmates Aaron Harris and Jeff Caxide, in a side project by the name of Palms. Their first album was originally slated for release in 2012, but eventually was put out by Ipecac Recordings in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19291343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291343" title="Askey–Gasper inequality">
Askey–Gasper inequality

In mathematics, the Askey–Gasper inequality is an inequality for Jacobi polynomials proved by and used in the proof of the Bieberbach conjecture.
Statement.
It states that if "β" ≥ 0, "α" + "β" ≥ −2, and −1 ≤ "x" ≤ 1 then
where 
is a Jacobi polynomial.
The case when β=0 can also be written as
In this form, with α a non-negative integer, the inequality was used by Louis de Branges in his proof of the Bieberbach conjecture.
Proof.
with the Clausen inequality.

</doc>
<doc id="19291345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291345" title="Jane Holl Lute">
Jane Holl Lute

Jane Holl Lute served as the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security from 2009 through 2013, after having been confirmed by the U.S. Senate on April 3, 2009. Previously, Lute was the United Nations Assistant Secretary-General for Peacebuilding Support. Before that she was Assistant Secretary-General for Mission Support in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations since August 2003. Currently, Lute is the President and CEO of the Arlington based Council on CyberSecurity. On 5 January 2014, she was appointed Special Adviser for Relocation of Camp Hurriya Residents Outside of Iraq by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Biography.
Lute graduated from Montclair State University in 1978 and received her commission as a U.S. Army second lieutenant through Seton Hall University's ROTC program. In addition, she earned an M.A. from the University of Southern California in 1985, a Ph.D. in political science from Stanford University in 1989, and a Juris Doctor from Georgetown University in 2000. She is a member of the Virginia Bar.
From 1991 to 1994, she served as director of European Affairs in the National Security Council staff at the White House. Between 1994 and 1999, Lute headed up the Carnegie Commission on Preventing Deadly Conflict and was a senior public policy fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Centre for International Scholars.
Prior to joining the UN Secretariat, Lute served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the United Nations Foundation and the Better World Fund, which is established to administer Ted Turner’s $1 billion contribution to support the goals of the United Nations. Before that, she served as Executive Director of the Association of the United States Army’s project on the role of American Military Power in 2000.
On January 23, 2009, President Barack Obama announced his intention to nominate Jane Holl Lute as Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. She was confirmed April 3. She left the department on April 9, 2013. The Undersecretary for National Protection and Programs Directorate Rand Beers was named as her acting replacement.
Jane Holl Lute is married to Lt. Gen. Douglas E. Lute, who was appointed in 2007 as Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor for Iraq and Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19291368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291368" title="Andy Russell (Canadian author)">
Andy Russell (Canadian author)

Andrew G. A. "Andy" Russell, (1915 – June 1, 2005) was a well-known Canadian wilderness guide, outfitter, author, photographer, filmmaker, rancher, conservationist, and environmentalist. In recognition of his environmental advocacy he received honorary degrees from the University of Lethbridge, the University of Calgary, and the University of Alberta. In 1976, he received the Julian T. Crandall Award for his efforts in conservation, and in 1977 he was presented with the Order of Canada by the Governor General of Canada.
Early life.
Russell was born in 1915 in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada. His parents ranched on the prairies southwest of the city until 1919, when they moved to the foot of the Rocky Mountains near Drywood Creek, north of what is now Waterton Lakes National Park. Russell attended the rural Drywood School; later he boarded in Lethbridge to complete tenth grade and part of the eleventh grade. Later in life would describe his schooling as "limited formal variety, considerable Rocky Mountain variety." At sixteen Russell went to work, initially as an agricultural hand and then as a trapper. But unlike other trappers, Russell was not simply interested in making money; he was curious about the animals. He read everything he could about the habits of the animals of the Rocky Mountains.
Career.
In 1936 Russell began training horses for Frederick Herbert (Bert) Riggall. As a local outfitter, Riggall had been leading hunters and tourists into the Rocky Mountains of southwestern Alberta and southeastern British Columbia since 1909. Riggall was, according to Russell, “a master hunter... a great naturalist and botanist...with a good sound layman’s grounding in geology and natural history.” In 1938, Russell married Riggall's daughter Kay Riggall. Together they had five children: Dick, Charlie, John, Gordon, and Anne. Russell became a partner of his father-in-law's business in 1939, took ownership in 1946, and continued operations until 1960. During the years that Russell operated the Skyline Saddle Horse and Packtrain Company, he developed a solid reputation as a guide and outfitter. His clients included, among others, Warren Page, the gun editor at "Field & Stream Magazine", and Viscount Harold Alexander, the Governor General of Canada. He also secured an exclusive contract to provide outfitting and guiding services for guests staying at the Great Northern Railway’s Prince of Wales Hotel in Waterton Lakes National Park. At the same time, he continued providing outfitting services to private clients, including several families from Minneapolis who had first hired the outfit decades earlier when Riggall was still owner.
By the early 1950s Russell could see that there was little future in the guiding and outfitting business. The construction of all-weather roads made the mountains of southwestern Alberta and southeastern British Columbia increasingly accessible to automobile travel. Additionally, industrial activities, such as petroleum development and timber harvesting, had compromised the aesthetic value of much of the anti-modern wilderness landscapes that comprised Russell’s traditional guiding territory. Human pressures upon the environment increased as more and more people were competing to use the same land for various, often incompatible, purposes. The inevitable land-use conflicts that arose ensured that provincial officials figured more prominently into the overall management of the region. Reflecting on those years, Russell would later lament that he was “regulated out of business.” To adapt to the evolving situation, Russell exchanged his rifle for a camera and a pen. He began to write articles and books, create films, and give public lectures. His goal was to bring people around to the understanding that humans “are only a part of nature, a portion of a vast ecosystem.” “Every time,” he wrote, “that man walks into his home, turns a tap, eats, puts on clothes or drives a car, he is calling on nature for the means to his way of life. The mere fact that most of what he sees or touches are manufactured things does not change the picture by even a hair. For all the raw products used by man are supplied by nature.”
Russell was not new to the world of writing and publishing. At least since 1945 he had been submitting articles on hunting, “outdoor life,” and natural history for publication in popular magazines. Sometimes these were written simply to provide readers with trip reports, equipment reviews, and descriptions of technique, but more often the articles were normative in tone and written to persuade readers to rethink their understanding of, and their relationship with, wildlife and wildlife habitat. In an article published in 1946 in Natural History Magazine, for example, Russell argued that wildlife behaviour was not solely an instinctual response (as was often assumed), but rather was in part, and even primarily, the result of reflective thought processes made possible by a “well-developed brain.” By the late 1940s Russell was making intermittent editorial submissions to the Lethbridge Herald, and beginning in 1952 he began making regular submissions with a column entitled “Andy Russell’s Sports Afield.” In these articles he continued to encourage his readers to rethink their relationship with wildlife and wildlife habitat, reminding them of the possibility that the conservation of wildlife and wildlife habitat could result in important human benefits, including the enhancement of socio-economic wellbeing.
Russell also became a filmmaker in the early 1950s, having learned the basics of the craft from the wealthy clients that he guided in the previous decades. His first serious effort as a filmmaker, over a dedicated period of seventeen months in the early 1950s, allowed him to record over of film capturing the habits of mountain sheep, largely in the area of Waterton Lakes National Park. By 1953 he was delivering that colour film as a public lecture to sold-out halls in numerous communities in southwestern Alberta and southeastern British Columbia, as well as to audiences in several American cities, including Minneapolis, Detroit, New York, and Chicago. This film was lengthened and in 1954 was delivered as “Wildlife in the Canadian Rockies”; it was designed to “promote good conservation measures and to remind people of the value of Canadian Wildlife.” 
Beginning in 1961 Russell, along with his oldest sons, Dick and Charlie, devoted three summers to intensive wildlife filming, focusing their attention on grizzly bears. They began near their home, collecting footage from Waterton Lakes National Park and the Akamina-Kishinena region of southeast British Columbia, before moving on to the Rogers Pass area in Glacier National Park. Ultimately, their focus on grizzly bears determined that they had to go much further north – to northern British Columbia, the Yukon Territory, and finally into Alaska and the central mountain ranges of McKinley (Denali) National Park. Russell was particularly motivated to present the “true character” of an animal that, in his opinion, had been unfairly maligned by public opinion. To establish the “desired atmosphere and proper protocol,” Russell and his sons – much to the surprise of onlookers – began to leave their rifles behind during the second season, believing that “having a gun within reach, cached somewhere in a pack or a hidden holster, causes a man to act with unconscious arrogance and thus maybe to smell different or to transmit some kind of signal objectionable to bears.” Russell wrote about those experiences capturing grizzly bear images and film in "Grizzly Country", a work of creative non-fiction that was published by New York-based Alfred A. Knopf, Inc. in 1967. Sales from the book provided the financial resources that allowed Russell to finally edit and produce the film footage that he, Dick, and Charlie had collected between 1961 and 1964. In 1969 Russell began publicly presenting Grizzly Country, a narrated silent film that he presented in lecture halls throughout North America. When asked about his purpose, Russell explained that the film and the accompanying lecture were not only about wildlife habits, but also about “driv home a message that much of the wilderness area of Canada...is rapidly disappearing.”
Russell worked hard to take his message of conservation and preservation to a wider audience. In the process he sometimes explicitly entered the arena of politics. For example, when Russell learned in 1971 of the Alberta government’s “Prime Plan” to mechanically join the Peace, Saskatchewan, and Missouri watersheds, he criticized the scheme during a provincial election campaign as he delivered Grizzly Country to audiences around Alberta. A self-professed Liberal, Russell also contested an election himself, running as a candidate in the Lethbridge riding for Pierre Trudeau’s Liberals in the 1972 general election. Although unsuccessful in his election bid, he was perhaps the first candidate in Canada to run on a platform that was “totally environmental.” At the same time Russell’s renown as an author increased considerably based on the success of "Grizzly Country," and as a result Angus Cameron, his editor at Alfred A. Knopf, Inc., asked for more. "Trails of a Wilderness Wanderer" was published in 1971 and was followed by "Horns in the High Country" in 1973. In both books Russell continued to advocate on behalf of wildlife and to give moral prescriptions that outlined how humans might develop a more virtuous relationship with their environments. Beginning in July 1971 and continuing until November 1974, Russell contributed 120 articles to the "Lethbridge Herald" as part of his "Ecological Series."
Environmental activism.
Russell also sometimes confronted environmental issues in the field. In 1977, for example, he was successful in persuading officials in British Columbia to reconsider plans to grant timber harvesting licences in the Akamina-Kishenina region, an area with which Russell was intimately familiar as a result of the decades he spent guiding and outfitting in the area. While wilderness landscapes like the Akamina-Kishenina region were central to Russell’s writing and film-making endeavours, he also directed some of his environmental advocacy to the rural working landscape he shared with his neighbours. For example, when Shell Canada in 1970 put forward an application to divert additional water from Drywood Creek, Russell monitored the proceedings to ensure than no more water was taken than necessary, and that the resulting effluent was properly treated. In another instance, to draw attention to problems with the Government of Alberta’s use of sodium fluoroacetate as a predator control compound, he joined with two of his ranching colleagues to gather ten poisoned and rotting coyote carcasses; these were then left on the grounds of the municipal office in Pincher Creek, Alberta, to draw public attention to the issue through prearranged media involvement. Russell also involved himself in larger projects, including in the politically charged opposition to the construction of the Oldman River Dam in southwestern Alberta. He was a founding member of the Friends of the Oldman River and he participated in actions to oppose the dam project, most prominently as a speaker at musician Ian Tyson’s benefit concert held at Maycroft Crossing on June 12, 1989.
Further book publishing.
Russell's first successful titles with Alfred A. Knopf Inc. were followed by "The High West" in 1974 and "The Rockies" in 1975, both of which were collaborative efforts in which Russell was paired with well-known photographers to promote the wild landscapes of western North America. "Memoirs of a Mountain Man", which was part memoir and part autobiography, was published 1984. In 1987 Russell brought awareness to the human and environmental impacts of the Oldman River dam project with "The Life of a River". He returned to his storytelling roots with the publication of "Andy Russell’s Adventures with Wild Animals" in 1978, "The Canadian Cowboy: Stories of Cows, Cowboys, and Cayuses" in 1993, and finally in 1998 "Andy Russell’s Campfire Stories". Beginning in 1972 and continuing until 1981, Russell was a regular feature on Alberta radio stations with "Our Alberta Heritage," a series of 60-second clips on regional history that were sponsored by Calgary Power and produced by Baker Lovick Advertising Limited. Despite the corporate sponsorship, he occasionally took advantage of the opportunity to promote “ecology,” in one instance pointing out that “people throughout the world are worried that Man, his technology outstripping his horse sense, is quickly converting his environment to one vast garbage dump.”
By the mid-1990s, as he entered his eighth decade, Russell became less directly involved in issues of environmental management. However, he did continue to express interest in land use in the foothills region of southwestern Alberta. His influence among conservationist and environmentalists continued. In 2000, he hosted representatives from the Nature Conservancy of Canada and several other organizations at Hawk’s Nest, his home on Indian Springs Ridge near the northeastern boundary of Waterton Lakes National Park. Their purpose was to combine their resources and influence to ensure that the surrounding area would not be subdivided into recreational residential properties. 
Russell’s career came to a close with his death on June 1, 2005. As an indication of his influence in Alberta and beyond, one of the speakers at his memorial was fellow maverick and then-Premier of Alberta, Ralph Klein. 
Legacy.
A partnership of environmental groups is calling on the Government of Alberta to establish the Andy Russell – I’tai sah kòp Wildland and Provincial Park to celebrate the memory of Russell and to recognize the historical and contemporary presence of the Piikani First Nation. Such a park would provide enhanced legislative protection to roughly 1,040 square kilometres of wild country in the area of the Castle River watershed north of Waterton Lakes National Park. As noted by the Castle-Crown Wilderness Coalition, the proposed protected area is desirable because it “would give generations to come the chance to experience the western wilderness Andy and Kay loved well as a place to imagine the pioneer outfitting and ranching heritage they typified.” 
In 1995 Russell's collection of letters and associated materials were acquired by the Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies. The Andy Russell Fonds contains six lineal metres of textual records, 6100 photographs, 29 films, and five sound recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="19291382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291382" title="Geron Davis">
Geron Davis

Geron Davis (1964) is a musician best known as a composer. He was first signed by Meadowgreen Music and best known for penning the song "Holy Ground". Davis married partner Becky Davis and have collectively written several songs which include, ""In the Presence of Jehovah"", ""Mercy Saw Me"", ""Send It On Down"", ""Holy Of Holies"", ""Gentle Hands"", ""Peace Speaker"", and ""Something About My Praise"". Davis also a vocalist asked his sister, Alyson Lovern and her husband Shelton to join he and Becky in forming the group, "Kindred Souls" and have been performing together for more than ten years. They released their debut album, "Let It Rain," in 2002 and gained considerable attention on AC charts as well as being a break out project for them.

</doc>
<doc id="19291390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291390" title="Council of Ministers of Zimbabwe">
Council of Ministers of Zimbabwe

The Council of Ministers is a proposed body of Zimbabwean government ministers. It was conceptualized as a separate body from the Cabinet according to the agreement reached at the conclusion of negotiations between presidential rivals Morgan Tsvangirai and Robert Mugabe. It will be instituted by the next constitution of Zimbabwe.
While the Cabinet will be chaired by the president and will be a policy decision-making body, the Council of Ministers will be headed by the prime minister and will be a liaison office; in addition, the council will assist in the formulation of policies, the supervision of government ministries by the prime minister and the implementation of cabinet policies. While it is not currently known how the Council of Ministers will be composed, many reports indicate that the ministers in the Cabinet (composing 31 out of 43 members) will also be the members of the Council of Ministers.
Composition.
The Council of Ministers, which will form a subset of the larger Cabinet, will be chaired by the prime minister; the 31 seats will be divided between the MDC, whose Tsvangirai and Mutambara branches will possess 13 and 3 ministers respectively, and the ZANU-PF, which will possess 15 members.
The deputy ministers of government will also be divided along proportional lines: Zanu 8, MDC-T 6 and MDC-M 1. The retaining of 15 deputy ministers instead of the previous 20 was also a provision of the negotiated deal.
Retained ministries under the Council of Ministers.
the prime minister shall be the chair of the council of minosters and they shall meet weekly to check on the progress of the government

</doc>
<doc id="19291410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291410" title="Bob Detherage">
Bob Detherage

Robert Wayne Detherage (born September 20, 1954 in Springfield, Missouri) is a former Major League Baseball player. Detherage played for Kansas City Royals in the 1980 season. In twenty career games, he had eight hits in 26 at-bats with seven RBIs. He played the Outfield in all of his games. 
Detherage was drafted originally by the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19291415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291415" title="Edise">
Edise

Edise may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19291445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291445" title="Bidens cernua">
Bidens cernua

Bidens cernua, commonly called called nodding beggarticks or nodding bur-marigold, is an herbaceous plant native to North America. It grows from 30-100cm tall in wet areas. The leaves are sessile with a coarsely-toothed margin.

</doc>
<doc id="19291452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291452" title="José de Jesús García Ayala">
José de Jesús García Ayala

José de Jesús García Ayala (May 30, 1910 – January 15, 2014) was a Mexican Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
García Ayala was born in Yurécuaro, Michoacán, and was ordained a priest of Zamora, Michoacán on May 9, 1937. He was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Campeche on May 21, 1963 and he received his episcopal consecration on August 2, 1963. García Ayala was installed as Bishop of Campeche on May 10, 1967, and resigned from that position on February 9, 1982

</doc>
<doc id="19291459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291459" title="Farzali">
Farzali

Farzali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19291471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291471" title="Naive diversification">
Naive diversification

Naïve diversification is a choice heuristic (also known as "diversification heuristic"). Its first demonstration was made by Itamar Simonson in marketing in the context of consumption decisions by individuals. It was subsequently shown in the context of economic and financial decisions. Simonson showed that when people have to make simultaneous choice (e.g. choose now which of six snacks to consume in the next three weeks), they tend to seek more variety (e.g., pick more kinds of snacks) than when they make sequential choices (e.g., choose once a week which of six snacks to consume that week for three weeks). That is, when asked to make several choices at once, people tend to diversify more than when making the same type of decision sequentially.
Subsequent research replicated the effect using a field experiment: on Halloween night, young trick-or-treaters were required to make a simultaneous or subsequent choice between the candies they received. The results showed a strong diversification bias when choices had to be made simultaneously, but not when they were made sequentially.
Shlomo Benartzi and Richard Thaler commented on Read and Loewenstein's research: "This result is striking since in either case the candies are dumped into a bag and consumed later. It is the portfolio in the bag that matters, not the portfolio selected at each house." Following on the naive diversification showed by children, Benartzi and Thaler turned to study whether the effect manifests itself among investors making decisions in the context of defined contribution saving plans. They found that "some investors follow the '1/n strategy': they divide their contributions evenly across the funds offered in the plan. Consistent with this Naïve notion of diversification, we find that the proportion invested in stocks depends strongly on the proportion of stock funds in the plan." This finding is particularly troubling in the context of laypersons making financial decisions, because they may be diversifying in a way that is sub-optimal.

</doc>
<doc id="19291492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291492" title="John Bloor">
John Bloor

John Stuart Bloor OBE, (born 16 June 1943) is an English business magnate. His business, Bloor Holdings, owns both Bloor Homes (a leading housebuilding organisation) and Triumph Motorcycles (an important motor-cycle brand).
Career.
Early life.
Bloor was born in a small Derbyshire village, his father was a coal miner. He suffered from health problems, and long absences from school limited his formal education, leaving school at the age of 15.
Business.
Bloor's first job was as a trainee plasterer for a local building contractor. Two years later he set up his own business and began building his first house before he was 20. His building company, Bloor Homes, is now one of the largest privately owned house builders in the UK, and has contributed to the successful regeneration of the East Midlands. In 2002, housing sales reached 1,870 making Bloor Homes then the largest housebuilder to be owned by one man.
While attending the auction of the site of the former Triumph factory to buy the site for house construction, Bloor bought the collapsed Triumph brand in 1983. After sub-licensing the brand for a period, he invested over £80 million into rebuilding the marque, opening the new Hinckley factory in 1991. After a factory fire in 2002 stopped production, the factory was rebuilt as one of the most efficient motorcycle factories in the world, and now produces 46,000 motorcycles per annum.
Personal life.
Bloor lives in Swadlincote, South Derbyshire, England. Due to hip problems he rarely rides motorcycles, preferring a Range Rover.

</doc>
<doc id="19291505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291505" title="Cabinet of Zimbabwe">
Cabinet of Zimbabwe

The Cabinet of Zimbabwe is an executive body of appointed government ministers. Until 1987, the Cabinet was chaired by the Prime Minister; it is now headed by the President.
Composition.
It consists of two vice-presidents, the prime-minister, two deputy prime-ministers, appointed ministers of government, and provincial governors.
Relationship with Council of Ministers.
According to the September 2008 deal that resulted out of political negotiations, the Cabinet will retain its structure, but the Council of Ministers of Zimbabwe will consist strictly of the 31 ministers who will serve as a liaison office; while the Cabinet will be chaired by the president, the council of ministers will be chaired by the restored office of prime minister.

</doc>
<doc id="19291510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291510" title="Michael Mann (bishop)">
Michael Mann (bishop)

He was born on 25 May 1924 and educated at Harrow School and Sandhurst, from 1946 to 1955 he served in the Colonial Service in Nigeria. Ordained in 1957 he was later Vicar of Sparkwell, a Canon Residentiary at Norwich Cathedral, Bishop of Dudley and finally Dean of Windsor. He retired in 1989. He died on 31 December 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="19291514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291514" title="Sturgeon-Weir River">
Sturgeon-Weir River

The Sturgeon-Weir River is a river in east-central Saskatchewan, Canada. It flows about 110 miles south-southeast to join the Saskatchewan River at Cumberland House, Saskatchewan. It was on the main voyageur route from eastern Canada northeast to the Mackenzie River basin. Its steep gradient (about 4 feet per mile) led voyageurs to call it the Rivière Maligne or Bad River. Mackenzie described it as "an almost continual rapid." For modern canoeists the gradient is nearly ideal when going downstream.
For background see Canadian canoe routes (early). The voyageur route left the Saskatchewan River about 125 miles west of Lake Winnipeg through a very short channel north to Cumberland Lake, with the important depot of Cumberland House, Saskatchewan on its south shore. The river goes east and north through another lake to Amisk Lake which now has a road connection to Flin Flon. It crosses modern Saskatchewan Highway 106 to Pelican Lake with Pelican Narrows, Saskatchewan and then northwest to the river's source in what is described as a 'stagnant lagoon'. From here the short 400-yard Frog Portage leads north to Trade Lake on the Churchill River. The route then went at least 250 miles west up the Churchill River and over the Methye Portage to the Mackenzie River basin.
See also.
Amisk Lake

</doc>
<doc id="19291517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291517" title="Koolhoven F.K.49">
Koolhoven F.K.49

__NOTOC__
The Koolhoven F.K.49 was a photographic survey aircraft built in the Netherlands in 1935. It was a high-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with twin engines carried in nacelles on the leading edges. Usually fitted with fixed, tailwheel undercarriage, a floatplane version was also developed. The aircraft carried an onboard darkroom.
Three examples were purchased by the Dutch Army, but only one of these was ever delivered, the other two were destroyed before completion when the Koolhoven factory was bombed by Germany on 10 May 1940. Others were purchased in small numbers by Turkey, Hungary, and Finland. 
Operational history.
The sole example delivered to the Dutch Army was eventually used as a general utility type, serving as an air ambulance, parachute trainer, and general transport. The Turkish F.K.49A, powered by Fairchild Ranger engines, had a short service life before the engines caught fire in flight, resulting in a fatal crash. The Finnish Coast Guard (Merivartiolaitos) ordered two examples with floats and powered by Hirth engines. The first of these was delivered via Sweden in 1940, and gave continuous engine trouble; it was withdrawn from service after only 18 hours of flight time, and the second one ordered was never delivered.

</doc>
<doc id="19291536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291536" title="Leslie Hill">
Leslie Hill

Leslie Hill is professor of French at the University of Warwick. He has written several influential books on French writers and philosophers including Samuel Beckett, Marguerite Duras, Maurice Blanchot, Georges Bataille, Pierre Klossowski and Jacques Derrida. Hill was elected to a fellowship of the British Academy in 2003. 

</doc>
<doc id="19291538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291538" title="Real Club Astur de Regatas">
Real Club Astur de Regatas

Real Club Astur de Regatas ("Royal Astur Yacht Club") is located in Gijón, Asturias (Spain), in the neighbourhood of Cimavilla. It is the oldest and most important yacht club in Asturias.
It was established 10 September 1911. Royal patronage was granted by king Alfonso XIII of Spain soon thereafter. The king was a frequent sailor at the club's regattas during 1912 and 1913 with his yacht "Giralda IV".
Races and fleets.
From the first 6 metre and Sonderklasse sailboats to the actual 49er dinghy raced by the Alonso brothers, the club has seen fleets come and go, but probably the most regular boat at the club has been the Snipe. The snipe fleet, SCIRA number 152, has been active since 1943. Optimist and Laser fleets have become increasingly active in the past years. Besides dinghy sailing, larger One-Design boats at the club include a First Class 8 fleet.
More than 80 races are organized annually by the club, being the El Gaitero Regatta and the Carlos del Castillo Memorial the most important ones.
Notable members.
It was the spanish yacht club with the largest amount of sailors in the national olympic team during the XXX Olympiad. Those yacht racers were Federico Alonso and his brother Arturo Alonso in 49er class, Ángela Pumariega in Elliott 6m, and Fernando Rodríguez in Star class. Ángela Pumariega won the gold medal in Elliott 6m at the 2012 Summer Olympics. 
Federico Alonso won the 1998 world championship in Cadet. Francisco Palacio and Ángela Pumariega won the Spanish national junior championship and placed second at the 2002 junior European championship at Le Havre in the Snipe class. Ángela Pumariega and Carmen Mateo placed second at the women's national championship in Spain and seventh at the women's world championship in 2008 also in the Snipe class. Pablo Vega-Arango was a crew member of the yacht "España" (ESP 22 of the International America’s Cup Class), the Spanish entry at the Louis Vuitton Cup 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19291545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291545" title="Choguel Kokalla Maïga">
Choguel Kokalla Maïga

Choguel Kokalla Maïga (born 1958) is a Malian politician.
Born in Tabango, in the Gao Region, Maïga is a telecommunications engineer by profession, and is a close associate of Moussa Traoré. He was once a member of the National Youth Union of Mali. In February 1997 he became president of the Patriotic Movement for Renewal, a political party in Mali. In 2002 he stood for president, obtaining 2.73% of the votes in the first round before bowing out and supporting Amadou Toumani Touré. In the legislative election of the same year he aligned himself with Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta's Rally for Mali party and with the National Congress for Democratic Initiative, both part of the larger Hope 2002 coalition. Maïga was the Minister of Industry and Commerce in the government of Ahmed Mohamed ag Hamani, serving in that capacity from October 16, 2002 until April 28, 2004; he remained in that post under Ousmane Issoufi Maïga, serving from May 2, 2004 until September 27, 2007.
In December 2005, Maïga was the Malian representative at the Hong Kong WTO Doha Round trade negotiations. With cotton and food subsidies in the developed world dramatically affecting the Malian economy, Maïga was quoted saying "US and EU are like elephants fighting. We are like the grass under their feet."Interview: l'Essor, 2005-12-26.</ref> 
In the presidential election of 2007, Maïga did not stand as a candidate, instead once again supporting Amadou Toumani Touré.

</doc>
<doc id="19291555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291555" title="Ricci Harnett">
Ricci Harnett

Ricci Harnett (born 8 February 1973) is an English actor, best known for his role as Carlton Leach in the film "Rise of the Footsoldier". 
Harnett was born in London. He made his screen debut in 1991 in "The Object of Beauty" alongside John Malkovich. He has also appeared in the film "28 Days Later" as Corporal Mitchell. Harnett played the lead character of Carroll Bailey in Porcelain Film's 2009 film "Breathe".
Harnett has made a number of appearances on popular television series such as "The Thin Blue Line", "Casualty" and "The Bill".
Harnett has been announced to play a role in the upcoming film "Vendetta" in 2013 starring Danny Dyer.

</doc>
<doc id="19291567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291567" title="Zəhmətabad">
Zəhmətabad

Zəhmətabad or Zakhmetabad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19291580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291580" title="Todur Zanet">
Todur Zanet

Todur Fedor Zanet (born 1958 in Congaz village in Gagauzia) is a Gagauz journalist, publicist and poet. He is an editor-in-chef of "Ana Sözü" newspaper (Mother Word in English). He publishes poems and texts in Gagauz language; some of them are: "Şen oynêr gagauzlar", "Sana sevdam", "Baaşış" and "Zamanêrsın evim".

</doc>
<doc id="19291590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291590" title="Ardee railway station">
Ardee railway station

Ardee was a railway station which served Ardee in County Louth, Ireland. It was the terminus of a branch which diverged from the Dublin-Belfast railway line at Dromin Junction.
History.
The station was opened by the Great Northern Railway of Ireland in 1896. Never very prosperous, it lost its passenger services in 1934. However, goods traffic was always brisk, and this continued until the 1970s. The last scheduled service was a special in October 1975, and the line was unused after that time. The line was not officially abandoned until 1987, with the rails being 'lifted' shortly after. Today, the town is connected to the M1 with a National Route N33 to the M1, which runs parallel to the railway for along most of its length, the trackbed itself being a pleasant pedestrian walkway.
The site today.
The station site is now the location of a local garage.

</doc>
<doc id="19291595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291595" title="Versus (The Haunted album)">
Versus (The Haunted album)

Versus is the sixth studio album by thrash metal band, The Haunted. This marks a return to their aggressive sounds in the previous albums after their experimental fifth album "The Dead Eye". All instruments were recorded live like their debut album, "The Haunted", and solos and vocals were added once they had the songs down. The album is more or less about the decadence of mankind as last two songs "Faultline" and "Imperial Death March" point it out.

</doc>
<doc id="19291614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291614" title="Hope 2002">
Hope 2002

Hope 2002 ("French:" Espoir 2002) was a coalition of political parties in Mali that won a majority of seats in the parliamentary election of 2002. Its constituent parties were the Rally for Mali, led by Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta, which won 46 seats; the National Congress for Democratic Initiative, under Mountaga Tall, which won 13; the Patriotic Movement for Renewal of Choguel Kokalla Maïga, which took 5; and the Rally for Labour Democracy, which took one.

</doc>
<doc id="19291626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291626" title="The City of Light (Hilltop Hoods)">
The City of Light (Hilltop Hoods)

The City of Light is the second DVD released by Australian hip-hop band Hilltop Hoods. It was released in December 2007 by Obese Records. "The City Of Light", documents the making of the platinum certified "The Hard Road" and the 2007 ARIA award winning "" albums and the touring undertaken by the group in promoting these albums, allowing an insight into the creative dynamic of the group. "The City Of Light" incorporates two hours of exclusive interviews and music videos, including extensive live and behind the scenes footage from the "The Hard Road: Restrung" album launch. This performance saw the Hilltop Hoods perform alongside the 31 piece Adelaide Symphony Orchestra to a full house at the Adelaide Entertainment Centre.
"The City of Light" was nominated for an ARIA in 2008 in the category of 'Best Music DVD'.

</doc>
<doc id="19291627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291627" title="Charles Wenman">
Charles Wenman

Charles Wenman (born 1797) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Benenden.
Wenman made a single first-class appearance, in 1828, against Sussex. Playing as a middle-order batsman, in the same team as his brother, Ned, and his cousin George, he scored three runs in the only innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="19291629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291629" title="Thomas Calhoun">
Thomas Calhoun

Thomas Gunston Calhoun (1795 – September 6, 1861) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Chichester and died in Goring-by-Sea.
Calhoun made a single first-class appearance, in 1827, against Sussex. Playing as a tailender just a single run in the two innings in which he batted, in a seven-wicket defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="19291638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291638" title="William Kueffner">
William Kueffner

William Charles Kueffner (February 27, 1840 – March 18, 1893) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War who served in the 9th Illinois Infantry in the Western Theater in several campaigns. He was later brevetted as a brigadier general for bravery in combat and was a noted attorney in southern Illinois following the war.
Biography.
Kueffner was born in Germany. He lived in Mecklenburg before emigrating to the United States. He settled in the Hill Country of Texas in the German-American community, where he was an outspoken opponent of slavery. He moved North on the outbreak of the Civil War and relocated to Belleville, Illinois. He subsequently joined the Union Army and was commissioned as a captain in the 9th Illinois Infantry. Over the next four years, he took part in 110 engagements and was wounded four times.
Following his final battle wound, he was transferred to the 23rd Veterans Reserve Corps, with whom he served in non-combat areas. However, very late in the war, he had recovered sufficiently to become the colonel and commander of the 149th Illinois Volunteer Infantry. He was brevetted Brigadier General, U.S. Volunteers in the ominbus promotions following the war, backdated to March 13, 1865, for "gallant and meritorious services".
After the war, Kueffner was the collector of internal revenue for the 12th district of Illinois until removed in 1869 by order of President Ulysses S. Grant for political reasons. He then studied law, passed his bar exam, and established a profitable legal practice. He became one of Belleville's and Southern Illinois' most outstanding lawyers.
Kueffer died in the spring of 1893 at the age of 53. He was buried in the Walnut Hill Cemetery in Belleville. He is honored there with an impressive stone statue.

</doc>
<doc id="19291694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291694" title="List of Disney novelizations">
List of Disney novelizations

The following is a list of books based on Disney Channel Original Movies, spin-offs from the DCOMs such as the "High School Musical" film series, "Stories from East High" or "Camp Rock: Second Session", Disney Channel Original Series, and films from Walt Disney Pictures.
Disney Channel Original Series.
The following is a list of series of books based on the Disney Channel Original Series such as Hannah Montana and Wizards of Waverly Place.
Walt Disney Pictures.
This is a partial list of novelizations based on Disney theatrical feature films, both live-action and animated. As a continuity reference, most of the novels will carry the term on their respective front cover ""The Book of the Film"".

</doc>
<doc id="19291708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291708" title="Samsung SGH-F210">
Samsung SGH-F210

The Samsung SGH-F210 is a cellphone manufactured by Samsung Electronics.
Response.
"Trusted Reviews" rated it 7/10, criticising the small screen size., "The Register" gave it 73% expressing confusion about whether it was a phone or an MP3 player, and "Pocket Lint" gave it 3.5/5.

</doc>
<doc id="19291736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291736" title="Sparkwell">
Sparkwell

Sparkwell is a small Devon village in the South Hams local authority. Its local church is All Saints Church, Sparkwell.

</doc>
<doc id="19291744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291744" title="Sir Roger Gresley, 8th Baronet">
Sir Roger Gresley, 8th Baronet

Sir Roger Gresley, 8th Baronet (27 December 1799 – 12 October 1837) was an English author and Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1835 to 1837.
Gresley was the son of Sir Nigel Bowyer Gresley, 7th Baronet and his second wife Maria-Eliza Garway, daughter of Caleb Garway, of Worcester. He succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his father on 26 March 1808. He entered Christ Church, Oxford on 17 October 1817, where he remained until 1819, leaving the university without a degree. Gresley was a well known London dandy and is said to have gambled away much of his fortune, having to sell most of his assets to remain solvent. In 1827 he sold Sir Nigel Gresley's Canal which his grandfather had built in connection with his mining interests.
In 1826 Gresley stood for parliament unsuccessfully at Lichfield and instead served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire. He stood at Durham in 1830 and was elected but unseated. He was equally unsuccessful at New Romney in 1831, although he made a couple of speeches in parliament. Eventually he won a seat at South Derbyshire in 1835 which he lost at the election of July 1837.
Gresley was groom of the bedchamber to the Duke of Sussex, captain of the Staffordshire Yeomanry cavalry, and an Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries. He was also an author who usually wrote his name Greisley.
Gresley died at the age of 37, and was buried on 28 October at Church Gresley, Derbyshire.
Gresley married Lady Sophia Catherine Coventry, daughter of George William Coventry, 7th Earl of Coventry and Peggy Pitches, on 2 June 1821. The marriage was commemorated in a poem by a friend John Taylor. They had no surviving children and the baronetcy passed to a kinsman Sir William Gresley. His widow remarried to Sir Henry des Voeux, Baronet and vicar of Stapenhill-cum-Caldwell. She died at 39 Berkeley Square, London, in 1875 and was buried with her second husband in the churchyard at Caldwell.

</doc>
<doc id="19291746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291746" title="Koolhoven F.K.53">
Koolhoven F.K.53

__NOTOC__
The Koolhoven F.K.53 Junior was a small sport aircraft built in the Netherlands in 1936. It was a low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design, with tandem seating for two under a long canopy. The wings had a gull shape and carried the main units of the tailwheel undercarriage. Two examples were built, and both destroyed in the German bombing of Waalhaven in May 1940. The first machine built had been purchased by the Dutch national flying school.

</doc>
<doc id="19291754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291754" title="Miranda Uhl">
Miranda Uhl

Miranda Uhl (born October 15, 1992) is an American Paralympic swimmer. She won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. At the Parapan American Games, Uhl won six gold medals and three silver medals.
Born with achondroplasia, Uhl began to swim competitively at ten years old. She competed in the 2007 Parapan Games, where she won 8 medals.
Personal life.
Uhl was born with achondroplasia, restricting the growth of her limbs. When she was ten years old, Uhl started swimming competitively. She joined the Dwarf Athletic Association of America (DAAA) and started preparing for the Paralympics.
At twelve years old, she joined the Gator Swim Club with Jennifer Davis as her coach. When she was fifteen years old, Uhl started having excruciating pain in her back and knees. Her coach, Jennifer Davis, convinced her to postpone surgery to straighten her spine. The surgery would have prevented Uhl from competing in the 2008 Summer Paralympics, and Davis told her that anything could happen to her between the 2008 and 2012 Paralympics that might prevent her from competing in later Paralympics. According to Davis, "she's just an amazing swimmer — if she were normal size she'd be one of the best in the world, easily — and I would hate to see her lose an opportunity like this." Miranda Uhl swam two hours a day, six days a week.
In middle school, Uhl attended St. Patrick's Catholic School in Gainesville, Florida. She attended St. Francis High School, which is also in Gainesville, Florida. Her hometown is in Alachua, Florida. She attends Florida Atlantic University, where she joined the swim team and is a biology–pre-medical major.
Swimming career.
Miranda Uhl competed on the 2007 U.S. Parapan American swimming team. She won eight medals at the Parapan Games, five were gold and three were silver. Uhl also competed in the 2008 Paralympic World Cup in which she won a bronze medal in the 100 m butterfly with a time of three minutes and 5.32 seconds. In the 2008 Summer Paralympics, Miranda Uhl won a gold medal in the 200-meter individual medley. She broke the world record in that competition with a 3:13.05 finish. Uhl inspired 2012 Summer Paralympics swimmer Jaide Childs, who also attended St. Patrick's and who has arthrogryposis, to join the sport.

</doc>
<doc id="19291765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291765" title="Charles Prickett">
Charles Prickett

Charles Prickett was an English cricketer who made two first-class appearances for Kent in 1826.
Prickett's two first-class matches came just a week apart, both against Sussex. In his debut, despite scoring a duck in the first innings, he made his best score of 7 in the second.
His second fixture saw Kent win comfortably, with Prickett in the opening position in the order. Despite losing opening batting partner John Noakes for a duck in the second innings, Prickett finished not out, as the team scored a nine-wicket victory.

</doc>
