<doc id="19116152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116152" title="Extraordinary People (1992 TV series)">
Extraordinary People (1992 TV series)

Extraordinary People was a television documentary series produced by Granada Television and broadcast on the ITV network in the United Kingdom between 1992 and 1993. Each programme focused on an individual or group of people who excel in their chosen field.
The programme ran for two series, with seven episodes in total.

</doc>
<doc id="19116167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116167" title="Edilene Aparecida">
Edilene Aparecida

Edilene Aparecida Andrade (born March 14, 1971 in Ipatinga, Minas Gerais) is a female judoka from Brazil. She competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where she was defeated in the second round of the repêchage. Aparecida won a bronze medal at the 1991 Pan American Games in the Women's Heavyweight (+ 72 kg).

</doc>
<doc id="19116173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116173" title="History of orienteering">
History of orienteering

The history of orienteering begins in the late 19th century in Sweden, where it originated as military training. The actual term "orienteering" was first used in 1886 at the Swedish Military Academy Karlberg and meant the crossing of unknown land with the aid of a map and a compass. The competitive sport began when the first competition was held for Swedish military officers on 28 May 1893 at the yearly games of the Stockholm garrison. The first civilian competition, in Norway on 31 October 1897, was sponsored by the Tjalve Sports Club and held near Oslo. The course was long by modern standards, at 19.5 km, on which only three controls were placed. The competition was won by Peder Fossum in a time of 1 hour, 47 minutes, and 7 seconds.
Europe between the two world wars.
At the end of World War I the first large scale orienteering meet was organized in 1918 by Major Ernst Killander of Stockholm, Sweden. Then President of the Stockholm Amateur Athletic Association, Killander was a Scouting Movement leader who saw orienteering as an opportunity to interest youth in athletics. The meet was held south of Stockholm in 1919 and was attended by 220 athletes. Killander is credited with coining the Swedish word "orientering", from which the word orienteering is derived, in publicity materials for this meet. Killander continued to develop the rules and principles of the sport, and today is widely regarded throughout Scandinavia as the "Father of Orienteering".
The sport gained popularity with the development of more reliable compasses in the 1930s. The first international competition between orienteers of Sweden and Norway was held outside Oslo, Norway, in 1932. In 1933, the Swedish compass manufacturer Silva Sweden AB introduced a new compass design, the protractor compass. Until the introduction of the thumb compass, the protractor compass would remain the state of the art in the sport. By 1934, over a quarter million Swedes were actively participating in the sport, and orienteering had spread to Finland, Switzerland, the Soviet Union and Hungary. The nations of Finland, Norway and Sweden all established national championships. The Swedish national orienteering society, "Svenska Orienteringsförbundet", the first national orienteering society, was founded in 1936.
Spread beyond Europe after World War II.
Following World War II, orienteering spread throughout Europe, and to North America, Oceania, and Asia. This spread was due in part to post-war travel by European orienteers, therefore more military people were using orienteering as part of a training method.
In North America, the first orienteering event took place in the United States, at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, in November 1941. It was organized by Piltti Heiskanen, a visiting teacher from Finland. Swedish orienteer and business man Bjorn Kjellström, who moved to the United States in 1946, had a major influence on the sport there. In 1967, Norwegian Harald Wibye founded the first U.S. orienteering club, the Delaware Valley Orienteering Association, which 30 years later was the largest orienteering club in the United States. In 1971, a group of orienteers led by members of the then four year old Quantico Orienteering Club founded the United States Orienteering Federation.
The Canadian Orienteering Federation was founded in 1967, and the first Canadian national orienteering championship was held at Gatineau Park in Ottawa on August 10, 1968. The only World Championship to be held in North America took place at Harriman State Park, New York, USA, in 1993.
In Australia, the first orienteering event was held in 1955.
Establishment as a world sport.
The first international governing body for orienteering was the International Orienteering Federation, which was formed by Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, Denmark, East Germany, Finland, Hungary, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and West Germany in 1961.
Eleven countries sent representatives to an international conference in Sandviken, Sweden, in 1949 that aimed to bring more consistent rules and mapping standards to the sport. The Norwegians and Swedes began producing new multi-color maps with cartography designed specifically for orienteering, in the 1950s. The International Orienteering Federation (IOF) was established in 1961 and the first world championships were held in 1966. The founding member societies represented the nations of Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the German Democratic Republic, Finland, Hungary, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland. By 1969, the IOF would represent 16 countries, including the first two non-European member societies representing Japan and Canada.
Sixty-seven different national orienteering federations are member societies of the IOF today. World championships were held biannually from 1961 to 2003, and are now held every year.

</doc>
<doc id="19116177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116177" title="List of rulers of Duklja">
List of rulers of Duklja

This is a list of rulers of Duklja.
Mythological list.
The following rulers are mentioned only in the Chronicle of the Priest of Duklja (CPD), written by a Catholic monk of the Cistercian order by the name of Roger (Rudger) for political motive at the request of Croatian Ban Paul Šubić. It was written in two versions - the first one in Split in 1298 while Roger was handling the Archbishop of Split's finances, and the second ca. 1300, while he was the Archbishop of Antivari (Bar).
The chronicle, built round a core written in Slavonic, but added to by a bishop of Bar intent on demonstrating his diocese' superiority over that of Split, is one of the oldest known written sources, but only Latin redactions from the 16th and 17th centuries have been preserved.
Historians have largely discounted it, though it contains material on the early history of the South Slavs. The work describes the Slavs as a peaceful people imported by the rulers of the Goths, who invaded the area in the 5th century, but it doesn't attempt to elaborate on how and when this happened. Furthermore, it mentions Bosnia (Bosnam) and Rascia (Rassa) as the two Serbian lands, while describing the southern Dalmatian Zahumlje, Travunia and Duklja (most of today's Herzegovina, Montenegro, as well as parts of Croatia and Albania) as Croatian lands in the Early Middle Ages - these contradict the Byzantine work "De Administrando Imperio" and other contemporary sources.
Various inaccurate or simply false claims make it an unreliable source. This work is, as the majority of modern historians think, mainly fictional, or wishful thinking, however, it does give us a unique insight into the whole era from the point of view of the indigenous Slavic population. One of the prime controversies of the Chronicle, lies in the fact that the Antivari Archepiscopate did not exist between 1142 and 1198 - and that is the time Rudger is supposed to have been the Archbishop.
List of rulers.
Duklja continues as a crownland of Grand Principality of Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19116204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116204" title="Alex Sino">
Alex Sino

Alex Sino (born on April 24, 1957) is a movie screenwriter, executive producer and lyricist.
Creator of Cosmopolitan Life album with Al Di Meola and Leonid Agutin. Wrote and produced a movie "Cosmopolitan Live" and "Live in Montreux with AL DI Meola". Executive Producer of "Vocal Rendezvous with Al Di Meola".
Produced shows with Al Di Meola and Leonid Agutin for Eurovision Music Award in Berlin, “Italiani nel Mondo” in Rome, Montreux Jazz Festival, Stuttgart Jazz festival, Jurmala Music festival in Latvia, and Sochi Music festival in Russia, and also for German, French, Swiss, Austrian, Russian, and Italian Television.
Worked with artists Al Di Meola, Leonid Agutin, Ruslana, MC Solaar, Macy Gray, Anthony Jackson, Walter Afanasieff, Xavier Naidoo, Till Bronner, No Mercy, and others.
Co-writer and producer of the documentary "Havana Calling" with Orlando "Maraca" Valle, Omara Portuondo from Buena Vista Social Club and Leonid Agutin

</doc>
<doc id="19116230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116230" title="Canadian Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing">
Canadian Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing

The Canadian Triple Crown is a series of three Thoroughbred horse races run annually in Canada which is open to three-year-old horses foaled in Canada. Established in 1959, the series is unique in that it shares the same distances as its American counterpart, but is contested on three different race surfaces.
The first leg, the Queen's Plate, is contested at 1¼ miles on Polytrack at Toronto, Ontario's Woodbine Racetrack, whereas the July Prince of Wales Stakes is a 1³/16 mile event run on dirt at Fort Erie Racetrack in Fort Erie, Ontario. The final leg is the 1½ mile Breeders' Stakes in August which is run on Turf over one full lap of the E. P. Taylor Turf Course at Woodbine.
The Canadian Triple Crown shares another characteristic with its American counterpart—all of the races in both series are open to geldings. This differs from the situation in Europe, where many important flat races, notably the British and all but one of the French classics, bar geldings.
Winners of the Triple Crown.
Seven horses are officially recognized as winning the Canadian Triple Crown:
Champions:
An eighth horse, Queensway, was in fact the first to have swept all three races, doing so in 1932. However, her triumphs are not recognized by the Canadian Jockey Club as a Triple Crown.
Individual Triple Crown winners.
In 2011, Luis Contreras became the first jockey to sweep the Triple Crown races with different horses.

</doc>
<doc id="19116250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116250" title="Yera Allon">
Yera Allon

Yera Allon, also known as Chameleon Girl, is a fictional character, a superheroine and Legion of Super-Heroes member in the DC Universe's 30th and 31st centuries.
Pre-Zero Hour.
In the original pre-"Zero Hour" continuity, veteran Legionnaire Colossal Boy (Gim Allon) was finally able to act upon his unrequited feelings for his teammate Shrinking Violet when the two apparently became a romantic couple. The relationship developed fairly quickly, and the two were soon married. The pairing was a surprise to almost everyone, as she had been previously linked with Duplicate Boy, a member of the Heroes of Lallor and one of the most powerful beings of the 30th century. When Duplicate Boy learned of the relationship, he tracked the couple down and proceeded to beat Colossal Boy mercilessly until he realized what no one else had yet deduced: the woman involved with Colossal Boy was not Shrinking Violet.
In reality, Shrinking Violet had been kidnapped by radicals from her native planet Imsk. She was replaced in the Legion by Yera, a Durlan actress who used her native shapeshifting abilities to assume Violet's identity and mimic her shrinking powers. However, Yera was an unwitting pawn in the plot, as the radicals had told her that Violet wished to go on a secret vacation. When "Violet" became involved with Colossal Boy, Legion deputy leader Element Lad and Science Police liaison Shvaughn Erin became suspicious, particularly since "Violet" was seemingly cheating on Duplicate Boy without trying to hide it. Along with Brainiac 5 and Chameleon Boy, they were able to expose Yera as an imposter, and rescue the real Violet. However, the passion between Gim and Yera was genuine, and he remained with her despite the initial deception.
Shrinking Violet harbored resentment toward Yera for years, despite the fact that the Durlan had been duped herself. In the "Five Years Later" version of Legion continuity, Violet finally forgave Yera.
Post-Infinite Crisis.
The events of the "Infinite Crisis" miniseries have apparently restored a close analogue of the Pre-"Crisis on Infinite Earths" Legion to continuity, as seen in "The Lightning Saga" story arc in "Justice League of America" and "Justice Society of America", and in the "Action Comics" story arc "Superman and the Legion of Super-Heroes". Yera has joined the Legion and assumed the code name "Chameleon Girl".
However, because the events following the "Five Year Gap" have not been reincorporated into current continuity, Chameleon Girl and Shrinking Violet remain at odds with one another.
"Legion Lost," volume 2.
Currently, Yera is stranded on 21st century Earth (along with teammates Wildfire, Dawnstar, Timber Wolf, Tyroc, Tellus and Gates) on a mission to save the future. Additionally, they discover that they must remain in that time period, after learning that they may have contracted a pathogen that could destroy the 31st century if they return.

</doc>
<doc id="19116259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116259" title="U snovima">
U snovima

U snovima (trans. "In the Dreams") is the second studio album from former Yugoslav and Serbian glam metal band Karizma.
Album features a cover of Oliver Mandić's song "Ljuljaj me nežno".
Cover art was designed by the band's drummer Goran "Edi" Tadić.

</doc>
<doc id="19116277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116277" title="Four funnel liner">
Four funnel liner

A four funnel liner, four funnelled liner or four stacker is an ocean liner with four funnels. The SS "Great Eastern", launched on 31 January 1858 (a full 40 years ahead of any comparable ships), was the only ocean liner to sport five funnels. As one funnel was later removed, the "Great Eastern", by default, became the first ocean liner to have four funnels. The SS "Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse", launched on 4 May 1897, was the next ocean liner to have four funnels and was one of the first of the golden era of ocean liners that become prominent in the early- to mid-20th century. The most famous four funnel liners are the RMS "Titanic", which sank after striking an iceberg on her maiden voyage on 15 April 1912, and the RMS "Lusitania", which was torpedoed on 7 May 1915 during the First World War.
In all, fifteen four funnel liners were built (five were built and owned by Germany, nine by the UK, and one by France): the "Great Eastern" in 1858 and the remaining fourteen between 1897 and 1922. Four of these were sunk during the World Wars, and apart from the "Titanic", the remainder were scrapped. RMS "Mauretania" was the fastest of all four funnelled liners. The last four funnelled liner ever built was the SS "Windsor Castle" but two funnels were removed making RMS "Aquitania" the last four funnel liner in service; the "Aquitania" was the largest of all the four funnel liners and the only one to survive service during both World Wars.
Purpose.
The primary purpose of funnels on steamships were to allow smoke, heat and excess steam to escape from the boiler rooms. As liners became larger, more boilers were used. The number of funnels became symbolic of speed and safety, so shipping companies sometimes added false funnels (like the one sported by the "Olympic-class") to give an impression of power.
The trend of competing shipping lines building four funnel liners encompassed a very short time span ranging from the SS "Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse" in 1897 to the SS "Windsor Castle" in 1922. As for the number of funnels in some cases the reason for sporting four was a matter of necessity in other cases it was more symbolic. The Cunard Line record holders "Lusitania" and "Mauretania" were both laid out with four boiler rooms with one funnel to each room, other slower ships such as the "Olympic", "Titanic" and "Britannic" only had three operational funnels. However sporting four funnels represented power, safety and prestige, in keeping with the style and fashion of the early 20th century the "White Star Line" opted to fit the three "Olympic"-class ships with 'dummy' fourth funnels in order to rival the two Cunard ships. The ideology of four funnels representing size and power rapidly diminished soon after the First World War, later larger flagships including the SS "Imperator", SS "Normandie" and the RMS "Queen Mary" all sported three funnels to conserve deck space, later still as shipbuilding became more efficient the RMS "Queen Elizabeth", RMS "Mauretania" and the "SS America" reduced this further down to two funnels, today's modern cruise ships are all built with only a single funnel and many military vessels no longer sport them at all.
List of four funnel liners.
Notes:
Other four funnel passenger ships.
City of Dublin Steam Packet Company.
These four sister ships were unusual in having four funnels owned by City of Dublin Steam Packet Company, the "Ulster", "Munster", "Leinster", and "Connaught" were all built to have high speed and to be far ahead of anything afloat at the time. These four ships all had the same design, 1700 gross tons, 337 ft long, and had two-cylinder oscillating engines of about 750 nhp, and had four powerful paddle steamers. The last of the quartet, "Connaught", was the first steamer in the world to exceed 18 knots.
Unfinished four-funnel liners.
In the late 1920s the worlds main shipping lines were Britain's Cunard Line and White Star Line and France's Compagnie Générale Transatlantique. Each of these three were operating ageing vessels and required new larger and more modern 1000 ft long superliners to remain competitive. CGT began construction of the SS "Normandie" while Cunard placed an order for the RMS "Queen Mary". The weakest company of the three, White Star, placed an order to their shipbuilders Harland and Wolff for the "Oceanic", a successor to the line's inaugural 1870 liner, the RMS "Oceanic". The exact intended design of the "Oceanic" III is unknown, although company concept renderings show it to be a three-funnelled 1000-foot liner. However, plans from Harland and Wolff's archives show a design drawn in 1927 for a four funnelled liner almost identical to the "Olympic-class" design except sporting a more modern cruiser stern. 
With the onset of the great depression the shipping lines were crippled. The completion of Cunard's "Queen Mary" was delayed for four years and in order to raise the funds to complete her the British government gave Cunard a loan on the condition that Cunard merge with White Star into a single British shipping line. Upon the merger into the Cunard-White Star Line the "Oceanic", with only her keel laid, was abandoned. Had this 1927 design been realized she would have been the White Star Line's crowning achievement, a fourth "Olympic"-class liner over 1000 ft long and the last ocean liner to date to sport four funnels.
Possible Future Four-funnel Liners.
The Australian billionaire Clive Palmer is planning to make "Titanic II", a replica of the famed "RMS Titanic". If this goes ahead as planned it will be a "four stacker" like the original. However, at least two of the funnels will actually house observation decks and not serve any function
Fictional four-funned liners.
In the movie "The Legend of 1900", the "SS Virginian" is a Victorian era four-funneled passenger liner. 
In the American television series "The Twilight Zone", there is an episode titled "Passage on the Lady Anne"(Season 4, Episode 119, May 19th, 1963), depicting an outdated, once magnificent four-funneled ocean liner, the RMS Lady Anne.

</doc>
<doc id="19116298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116298" title="Prathapachandran">
Prathapachandran

Prathapachandran was a Malayalam film actor who left a vivid impression through his dramatic portrayal of villainous and character roles in over 300 movies. He was born in 1941 at Omallur in Pathanamthitta District, Kerala, India. He died on December 16, 2004. He was 63.
Biography.
Prathapachandran could only do school education till 9th standard. During his school days, he has won a lot of prizes for fancy dress and other competitions. He later moved to Kollam and then to Madras when he was 14 with the hope of acting in movies. Initially he did not get any roles. He lived in Madras for three years during which he acted in radio plays and plays which the Malayalee association in Madras used to conduct.
His first movie was "Viyarppinte Vila" in 1962, in which he acted as a man in his 70s. After that he did some insignificant roles in a few other movies and returned to Kollam in disappointment and started acting in stage for the troupe Kalidasa Kalkendara.
He returned to movies a while later. His comeback movie was "Adi Sankaracharyar". After that he became active in movies and acted in over 400 movies in his career that spanned four decades.
His characters in films like "Oru CBI Diary Kurippu", "Manu Uncle", "Kottayam Kunjachan", etc. were widely appreciated. Prathapachandran has also produced a few Malayalam movies. "Manavadharmam", "Prakadanam", "Kodathi", "Ivide Ingane", and "Kattuthee" are among them.
Family.
He is survived by his wife Chandrika and three children Anoop, Deepak and Prathibha.

</doc>
<doc id="19116300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116300" title="Nico Thomaschewski">
Nico Thomaschewski

Nico Thomaschewski (born February 9, 1971 in Berlin) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Berliner FC Dynamo. He has spent almost his entire career in Berlin, apart from six months with SV Babelsberg of Potsdam.

</doc>
<doc id="19116307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116307" title="Bishnupur Gharana">
Bishnupur Gharana

The Bishnupur Gharana (alternatively spelt Vishnupur Gharana) (pronounced as /biʃ.nu.pur gʱɔ.ra.na/) is a form of singing that follows the Dhrupad tradition of Hindustani music, one of the two forms of Indian classical music. It originated in Bishnupur, West Bengal, India in late 18th-century. The name of the town means "city of Vishnu" in Bengali. In the ancient past, this area, known as Mallabhum was the abode of Malla Kings who were vassals to the Mughal Empire who were devotees of Lord Vishnu and patrons of music. Bishnupur Gharana was established in 1370 A. D. by the court musicians of Malla Kings. Historians suggest that ‘Mallabhum’ had once been the cultural centre of Eastern India. It also has the distinction of being the only Gharana in West Bengal.
History.
The gharana is reputed to have been established in the 13th century, even though there is no historic evidence to support this. In the 17th century, during the reign of Mughal emperor Aurangazeb, Islamic fanaticism was at its peak in the Mughal empire, and thus many musicians moved to the court of the Maharaja of Bishnupur who was a known patron of the arts. The famous Dhrupad Singer Bahadur Khan of the Senia Gharana, descendant of Tansen, fled to Bishnupur and made his Gharana popular and sought refuge in the court. Bahadur Khan was not only a vocalist but could also efficiently play on such instruments as the Veena, the Rabaab, the surashringaar. The king, Raghunath Singh Deo II, made all arrangements to honour him as his court singer. The Maharaja also announced that anyone having a sweet voice and interested in music could learn from Bahadur Khan without any fees. He also bore the financial liability for the poor students. In time, a good number of students became the disciples of Bahadur Khan. 
Historical evidence points to Pt. Ramachandra Bhattacharya, a desciple of Ud. Bahadur Khan as the founder of the gharana. Bishnupur Gharana therefore has a strong link to Betia Gharana through this unbroken relationship.
In the later part of the eighteenth century and towards the early and mid-nineteenth century, when music of different ‘Gharanas’ were gradually assimilating around the Khayal style, the Dhrupad style continued flourishing among the musicians of Bishnupur.
Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande desired to be a disciple of Radhika Prasad Goswami since he found the most authentic renditions of the ragas and the most exhaustive repertoire of songs in Bishnupur Gharana (Reference:-Brammhoman by Dilip Kumar & Jugantor) 
In 1921 when Prince Edward came to visit India, six artists of various gharanas were chosen to perform six Ragas for six Seasons. Three of them were from Bishnupur Gharana: Gopeswar Bandyopadhyay, Satyakinkar Bandyopadhyay and Khetra Mohan Goswami.
First maiden Gramophone record in Khayal in 1902 " Tara Parameshwari " by Lal Chand Baral,who learnt under Ramprassanna Bandyopadhyay(Vide Sangeet Chandrika) published by Gramophone Concert and Nicole.
First Dhrupad record In 1902 "Naad Bidya Sabse Sera" Raag Darbari, Taal Choutal, by Surendranath Bandyopadhyay published by Gramophone Concert.
Khayal started from Ramshankar Bhattachariya’s age. His writings on Khayal is being found "Bramhamoyi Paratpara", on the Raga "Yaman Kalyan".
Ramprasanna Bandyopadhyay was the foremost Surbahar and Sitar Artist of India up to 1928(Vide: Sarojini Naidu's memoirs, Pramoth nath chowdhuries writings).
Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande first came across the Ustads of Bishnupur in a conference in Benaras around 1921/22 and this conference was attended by Radhika Prasad Goswami, Gopeswar Bandyopadhyay and Satyakinkar Bandyopadhyay. They gave a trio performance in Dhrupad (Since at that time Dhrupad Artists used to perform duets so in answer to that, they gave a trio performance). After this they gave individual performance.
Satyakinkar Bandyopadhyay also played Sitar in that conference and stood first along with Enayat khan.
Style of singing.
In this style, the artist excels in unfolding the beauty of the Raga through the alap. It is simple, devoid of heavy, cumbersome ornamentation. It is free from intricate play with the rhythm. Layakari is however allowed in Dhamar, another form of vocalization. The Khayal of the Bishnupur School is noted for its sweet, lilting melody. It is adorned with the usual ornaments, which add variety to the melodic presentation of the Raga. 
The dhrupad of the Bishnupur gharana uses shuddha dhaivata in raga vasanta, a touch of komal nisada in the descending notes of Raga Bhairava. It has abandoned kadi madhyam (proper center) in raga ramakeli, and uses suddha dhaivata in raga puravi and Raga Lalita and komal nisad in raga vehaga. It has also developed its own character with regard to rhythm. It was this gharana which invented the tradition of Sawal-Jabab in Hindustani Music.n
Its origins and the development have led to a great openness in the teaching and evolution within this gharana.
Famous musicians.
Most of the exponents of Bishnupur learnt Dhrupad vocal and instrumental music simultaneously. 
In spite of producing such a talented group of musicians, Bishnupur lacked venues for performances. This prevented Bishnupur from becoming a performance center for the artists of the gharana.It was only in 2007 that an auditorium was opened in the town enabling public performances in the music of the gharana to the listening public.

</doc>
<doc id="19116322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116322" title="1888–89 Everton F.C. season">
1888–89 Everton F.C. season

Regular First team.
Everton fielded by far the most unsettled side of all the twelve original Football League members, using thirty-five players in their twenty-two game campaign. Indeed the club have never fielded more players in any season since, despite having played as many as twenty league games more in over fifty subsequent seasons. So inconsistent was their team selection that at no time did the above combination actually take the field. Not surprisingly Everton's best result of the season, a 6–2 victory over Derby County on 20 October 1888 was achieved with ten of the above players on the field. Robert Watson missed that game while his deputy, Alex McKinnon scored the only hat-trick obtained by an Everton player all season. This was the only game in which ten of the first eleven featured.
Other players used.
Jack Angus (5 appearances at outside left), William Briscoe (3 apps – inside left), William Brown (6 apps – outside left), Albert Chadwick (2 apps – left back), J. Coyne (2 apps – inside right), George Davie (2 apps – centre forward), Alec Dick (9 apps – righ back), George Fleming (4 apps – outside right), Mike Higgins (1 app – centre half), Charles Joliffe (4 apps – goalkeeper), Robert Jones (1 app – centre back), Bob Kelso (1 app – centre back), J Keys (1 app – centre forward), Wiliam Lewis (3 apps – centre forward), Alex McKinnon (6 apps – outside right), Alf Milward (6 apps – centre forward), R Morris (1 app – centre forward), Henry Parkinson (1 app – centre half), H Pollock (1 app – centre back), Roberts (1 app – centre back), George Stephenson (1 app – centre back), Harry Warmby (1 app – centre back), David Waugh (7 apps – inside right), Walter Wilson (1 app – left back)

</doc>
<doc id="19116325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116325" title="Williamson Flat Twin">
Williamson Flat Twin

The Williamson Flat Twin was motorcycle made in Coventry, UK by Willaim ('Billy') Williamson, who had been managing director of the Coventry-based Rex company. He teamed up with William Douglas (of Douglas Motorcycles to develop new prototype motorcycles under the name Williamson-Douglas and employed Billy's brother Harold as a test rider. Douglas had been developing a 964 cc water-cooled flat twin engine that could be used either for light cars or motorcycles. Billy Williamson fitted this engine into a frame with Douglas-Druid girder forks and a Douglas two-speed gearbox and a foot-operated clutch which was launched in 1912 at a cost of £82. In 1913 an air-cooled version was added to the range and in 1914 a kick starter was added. Production was halted by World War I and in 1919 the only engines available were JAP 980 cc air-cooled side valves, so Williamson redesigned the frame to fit. Unfortunately Billy Williamson suffered a fatal heart attack in 1920 after only twenty motorcycles had been produced. 

</doc>
<doc id="19116348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116348" title="Bill Morrisette">
Bill Morrisette

Bill Morrisette (born October 18, 1931) is a Democratic politician in the U.S. state of Oregon. He is currently a member of the Oregon State Senate, representing the Springfield area (District 6). He was previously a member of the Oregon House of Representatives (1998–2002); mayor of Springfield (1989–1999); and a Springfield City Council member (1987–1989). He taught social studies at Springfield High School from 1963 to 1990.
Morrisette has focused on education in the legislature; as a member of the Oregon House of Representatives in 2001, he sat on the education committee, and he chaired the Senate education committee during the 2003 session. He chaired the Senate Health and Human Services Committee during the 2005 session.
Morrisette was born in Anaconda, Montana, and is a Catholic. He and his wife, Janice, have eight children and thirteen grandchildren. Morrisette earned a bachelor's degree in economics and political science from Carroll College in 1953, and a master's degree in education from the University of Oregon in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19116353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116353" title="Soraia André">
Soraia André

Soraia André (born August 9, 1964) is a female judoka from Brazil. She competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, where she was defeated in the first round of the repêchage. 
In 1980, André participated in the first World Judo Championships in New York, where she lost in the first round. At the 1983 Pan American Games in Caracas, Venezuela, André won the bronze medal in the heavyweight division. 
André also competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, when women's judo was a demonstration sport. She won a bronze medal at the 1991 Pan American Games in the Women's Heavyweight (+ 72 kg), after having gained gold four years earlier in Indianapolis, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19116371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116371" title="Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985">
Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985

Finland was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1985, held in Gothenburg, Sweden. The Finnish national final to select their entry was held on 16 February, hosted by Seppo Hovi. The votes of 6 regional juries decided the winner.
The Finnish entry was "Eläköön elämä", performed by Sonja Lumme and composed by Petri Laaksonen and Veli-Pekka Lehto.
National final.
The Finnish national final was held at the YLE TV studios in Helsinki.
At Eurovision.
Lumme performed 2nd on the night of the contest, following Ireland and preceding Cyprus. At the close of the voting it had received 56 points, placing 9th of 19.

</doc>
<doc id="19116380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116380" title="Aron Gurevich">
Aron Gurevich

Aron Yakovlevich Gurevich (also spelled Aaron Gurevich, , May 12, 1924, Moscow – August 5, 2006, Moscow) was a Russian medievalist historian, working on the European culture of the Middle Ages.
Gurevich's work was informed by Jacques Le Goff and Georges Duby, and he considered himself a member of their Annales School. He was also influenced by ideas of Mikhail Bakhtin, challenging some of them at the same time. Gurevich's work was considered anti-Marxist and met with hostility in the Soviet Union, but enjoyed support abroad among the Annales School, although he was not allowed to travel abroad before Perestroika.
Biography.
Aron Gurevich was born in Moscow on May 12, 1924 to a secular Jewish family. In 1946 he graduated from the Moscow State University. In 1950 after defending his dissertation "Peasantry of South-Eastern England during the pre-Norman period" he became a Candidate of Sciences and a lecturer of Kalinin State Pedagogical Institute (now Tver State University). In 1962 Gurevich received a Doktor nauk degree at Leningrad University. His doctoral thesis was "Overview of Norway's social history in IX–XII centuries". It was the first doctoral thesis in Soviet Union completely dedicated to Viking history.
Aron Gurevich returned to Kalinin and became a professor in 1963.
In 1966 Gurevich joined Moscow Institute of Philosophy, but he was fired in 1969 after publishing "Problems in the Origins of Feudalism in Western Europe", where he contested the theory on origins of feudalism adopted in Marxist historiography.
Until 1992 Aron Gurevich was working at the Institute of the Common History in Moscow.
In 1989 during Perestroika Gurevich was allowed to exit the country for the first time, and he lectured abroad in 1989–1991.
In 1993 he became a head of the Institute of the World History at the Moscow State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19116390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116390" title="Chris Dunn">
Chris Dunn

Christopher Michael Dunn (born 23 October 1987) is an English football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Championship side Yeovil Town.
Career.
Dunn started his career at the Northampton Town centre of excellence in January 2005. After a year playing youth and reserve football, Dunn was made a squad number as cover for Lee Harper in the 2005-06 season by then manager Colin Calderwood, and again in the 2006–07 season by manager Stuart Gray. For the following two seasons, Dunn was understudy to Mark Bunn. On 3 May 2008, Dunn was given the opportunity to make his début in the last game of the 2007–08 season to gain first-team experience. The game was at home to Tranmere Rovers and Northampton Town won 2–1.
Bunn was sold near the end of the 2008 summer transfer window to Blackburn Rovers, which stopped Stuart Gray from signing a new goalkeeper and meant Dunn was selected as first choice for the forthcoming season. After spending the 2008–09 season in and out of the team, Dunn signed a new two-year contract on 11 May 2009. During the 2009–10 season, Dunn was the regular goalkeeper and went on a run of five clean sheets in a row without conceding a goal in 524 minutes. This took him to third place in the record number of minutes without conceding a goal for Northampton Town behind Alan Starling and Len Hammond. In February that season Dunn was nominated for the PFA League 2 Player of the Month award.
During the 2010-11 season Dunn played in Northampton Town's third round Carling Cup win against Liverpool at Anfield. Later that season, Dunn was awarded the PFA Fans Player of the Month for December after consecutive clean sheets and impressive performances
On 30 June 2011, Coventry City confirmed the signing of Chris Dunn on a three-year contract; as Dunn was under 24, an undisclosed fee was agreed between the two clubs. He made his début for the club on 10 September 2011, as a half-time substitute for Joe Murphy in a 2–0 win against Derby County. He also made another sub appearance in the 1–0 win over Nottingham Forest. His first competitive appearance for the Sky Blues was in the 2–1 FA Cup defeat to Southampton.
On 16 August 2013, Dunn had his contract at Coventry City terminated by mutual consent.
On 17 August 2013, Dunn signed for Football League Championship side Yeovil Town on a one year contract, to be reunited with manager Gary Johnson whom he worked under at Northampton Town. Dunn made his Yeovil debut in their 2–1 defeat against Doncaster Rovers, on 22 November 2013.
Career statistics.
Stats according to Soccerbase

</doc>
<doc id="19116400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116400" title="Kosovo–Republic of Macedonia relations">
Kosovo–Republic of Macedonia relations

Kosovo–Macedonia relations are diplomatic relations between the Republic of Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia.
Diplomatic Relations.
Informal relations started on 9 October 2008 when Macedonia recognised Kosovo after its declaration of independence from Serbia on 17 February of the same year. In October 2009, Kosovo signed an agreement to re-adjust its border with the Republic of Macedonia by exchanging some lands. On 17 October 2009, Skopje and Pristina officially established diplomatic relations. On 12 November 2009, Macedonia upgraded its Liaison Office in Pristina to an Embassy; an Ambassador is to be appointed soon. Kosovan Embassy in Albania is accredited to Macedonia.
Travel.
Macedonia recognised the Kosovar passport on 12 July 2008 prior to full diplomatic recognition of the Republic of Kosovo. Citizens of the Republic of Kosovo can stay 90 days visa free in Macedonia. Macedonian citizens can stay in the Republic of Kosovo for 90 days visa free also.
History.
Before the recognition, the President Branko Crvenkovski said ""The Republic of Macedonia will decide its view when we deem it most appropriate for our interests. Macedonia would follow the position of NATO and the European Union on Kosovo, but nations in the two organisations have to yet to assume a common stance."" The Democratic Party of Albanians left the government coalition on 13 March 2008 after it failed to meet their six demands, recognising Kosovo's independence being one of them. However, it returned on 24 March 2008 after demanding the recognition of Kosovo. On 27 March 2008, Macedonian minister of Foreign Affairs Antonio Milošoski issued the following statement: "In welcoming the constructive position of the Republic of Macedonia concerning Kosovo, the Commission on Foreign Affairs of the European Parliament has expressed concern because of delay in the technical demarcation of the Republic of Macedonia-Kosovo borderline and has asked that this issue be solved in accordance with the Ahtisaari proposal.". This reiterated Macedonia's support for the Ahtisaari plan for Kosovo, which was endorsed by the foreign affairs ministry a year earlier, on 30 March 2007. On 10 July, Foreign Ministry spokesman Petar Culev announced that Macedonia will accept new Kosovan passports. Ali Ahmeti, leader of the ethnic Albanian Democratic Union for Integration party, said Macedonia would recognise Kosovo after problems over the border demarcation were resolved. (The Democratic Union for Integration is a member of the governing coalition; however, Ahmeti has no role as minister in the government.) Macedonia has -long border with Kosovo. On 12 May 2009 Gjorge Ivanov became the new president of Macedonia. Soon after his inauguration Ivanov invited the president of Kosovo Fatmir Sejdiu to be the first statesman to visit Macedonia in his mandate, but Sejdiu cancelled his visit to Macedonia, because the visit was planned to be a non-formal meeting. The Kosovan side expected a full official meeting between two statesmen. The following weeks saw something of a crisis in the relations of the two countries. There were even speculations that Macedonia might revert its decision to recognise Kosovo as an independent state. However, Skopje officially denied that it wants to revert the recognition of Kosovo. Relations were normalised soon at a regional meeting.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19116402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116402" title="Indian Space Shuttle Programme">
Indian Space Shuttle Programme

The Indian Space Shuttle Programme was a conceptual idea to design an indigenous Reusable Space Vehicle.
In the end of 1980s and beginning of 1990s India had plans to develop the small Space Shuttle named Hyperplane that would to be orbited by non-reusable launchers.
Then plans differed to project Avatar RLV as a single-stage system. The Indian Space Research Organisation indicates that this vehicle is planned for development after 2010.
In parallel, India has more realistic and currently working the programme of manned spaceflights from 2014 to 2015 with non-reusable conventional spacecraft Orbital Vehicle launched by non-reusable launcher GSLV.
In 2011 ISRO gave more details on its shuttle programme.

</doc>
<doc id="19116419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116419" title="List of Douglas DC-7 operators">
List of Douglas DC-7 operators

Operators of the Douglas DC-7 past and present:

</doc>
<doc id="19116422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116422" title="Mrs. Bullmore School, Coonoor">
Mrs. Bullmore School, Coonoor

Mrs Bullmore School is a school in Coonoor, Tamil Nadu, India. It was founded in the 1950s. It started as a primary school and has now grown to be a High School. It is on the way between Coonoor and Wellington located at Mount Pleasant. It was founded and was run by the late Mrs Bullmore until her demise in 2011. Now it is under her nieces and nephew's care.

</doc>
<doc id="19116427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116427" title="Silvio Suárez">
Silvio Suárez

Silvio Suárez (born 5 January 1969 in Itacurubí del Rosario) is a former football defender from Paraguay. His most common position in defense was left-back.
Career.
Club.
Suárez started his career in the youth divisions of Olimpia and eventually made his way to the first team where he won several national and international championships between 1990 and 1998. In 1998, he was signed by Argentine side Talleres de Córdoba where he was part of the team that won the 1999 Copa CONMEBOL, the only international tournament in the club's history. Suárez returned to Paraguay to play for 12 de Octubre of Itaugua and end his career. In 2008 he came out of retirement to play for 12 de Octubre of Pirayú in the Liga Pirayuense de Deportes. The team was eliminated as it did not pass the qualifying stage of the league and Suárez retired from football for good.
International.
Suárez also played for the Paraguay national football team in the Copa America tournaments of 1991, 1993, 1995 and 1999. Suárez made his international debut for Paraguay on 27 February 1991 in a friendly match against Brazil (1-1) in Campo Grande. He obtained a total number of 34 international caps, scoring no goals for the national side.

</doc>
<doc id="19116460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116460" title="Abbi Tatton">
Abbi Tatton

Abbi Tatton was an Internet reporter for CNN. She was born in 1975 and attended the Cherwell School in Oxford, England.
Based in Washington, D.C., Tatton utilized innovative technologies to present the latest political, national and international news for CNN's afternoon program, "The Situation Room", hosting the segment "The Situation Online". 
Along with fellow CNN reporter Jacki Schechner, Tatton was one of the first "Internet reporters" in mainstream television news.
Tatton left CNN in January 2010 to join Google/YouTube as a Manager of Global Communications and Public Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19116481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116481" title="Newington Workhouse">
Newington Workhouse

Newington Workhouse was a workhouse—an institution for indoor relief of the poor— at 182 Westmoreland Road (now Beaconsfield Road), Southwark, London.
History.
The workhouse was built in 1850 in the hamlet of Walworth to replace an older workhouse belonging to the parish of St Mary Newington. The site was taken over in 1868 by the St Saviour Poor Law Union and became an infirmary. 
The Local Government Act 1929 abolished the workhouse system, and in 1930 Newington Workhouse became the Newington Lodge Public Assistance Institution, until the Poor Laws were repealed in 1948. It then continued to be used as social housing by London County Council Welfare Department. In 1961 it held "266 women and children from 72 fragmented families". The building was demolished in 1969 and replaced by a housing estate.
The records of the institution are now held in the London Metropolitan Archives.
Cultural significance.
The comic actor Charlie Chaplin spent a short time in Newington Workhouse in 1896.
The 1966 television play "Cathy Come Home" depicted the living conditions in Newington Lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="19116515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116515" title="Kosovo–Montenegro relations">
Kosovo–Montenegro relations

Kosovan–Montenegrin relations are foreign relations between the Republic of Kosovo and Montenegro. Montenegro has 78.6 km (48.8 mi)-long border with Kosovo. It was the 49th state to recognise Kosovo's independence.
Montenegrin recognition of Kosovo.
Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia on 17 February 2008 and Montenegro recognised it on 9 October 2008.
Before the recognition, on 24 June, Prime Minister Milo Đukanović said: "Many important member states of the EU and the international community as a whole have already recognised Kosovo so I do not believe that any serious person would like the wheel of history to go back. We are acting rather cautiously for two reasons. The first is that we are a neighbour of both Kosovo and Serbia, so we should help rather than feed fuel to the fire by making rush moves. The second is that we have been independent for only two years now and we have achieved this independence by leaving the Union with Serbia. Our independence has left some traumas on the Serbia-Montenegro relationship." Three days later an official with the governing DPS party said that recognising Kosovo "is not currently on the agenda of national priorities." On 7 July 2008 Montenegrin Minister of Foreign Affairs told Podgorica media that his government will recognise Kosovo’s independence. He did not, however, say when the government would make such an announcement. When he asked whether it will be sooner or later he responded with "Neither I nor anyone else can say at this moment. It shall happen as soon as we conclude that it is politically best for Montenegro." However, on 15 July, in an interview with a Russian radio station, Prime Minister Đukanović said that his nation has not yet taken a position on recognition, adding that this "restraint" was caused by the need to contribute, as a neighbor, to stability in the region and improve relations with Serbia.
Current relations.
On 2 December 2009, Montenegrin Deputy Prime Minister Svetozar Marovic said that there are no obstacles for Montenegro to establish diplomatic relations with Kosovo. He also said that Montenegro has about 10,000 displaced people from Kosovo, a thousand of whom would like to return to their hometowns and it is up to the governments of Kosovo and Montenegro to resolve it.
On 15 January 2010, Montenegro and Kosovo officially established diplomatic relations.
Numerous motions have come from Kosovo and elsewhere for an exchange of embassies to formally show the mutual declarative establishment of diplomatic links, however President Filip Vujanović has continually rejected that possibility, stating the status of the Montenegrin minority in Kosovo and the return of expelled non-Albanian refugees as a precondition, ever since the recognition in 2008.
On 31 May 2012, Montenegro declared that it was to open an Embassy in Kosovo stating that "good relations with neighbours and development of regional cooperation represent a lasting goal, stimulating progress in the countries of the region when it comes to EU and Euroatlantic integration and boosting stability in the region as a whole."
On 30 July 2013, Montenegro officially opened an Embassy in Pristina with Radovan Miljanić being appointed the charge d’affaires at the Embassy to Kosovo.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19116523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116523" title="Christian De Walden">
Christian De Walden

Christian de Walden (born September 12, 1946) is a record producer, composer, arranger and songwriter of Italian origin, who currently resides in Los Angeles, California. He produced hits for Amanda Lear, Audrey Landers, Bonnie Bianco, Anne Murray, Brigitte Nielsen, Engelbert Humperdinck, Michael Holm, Thomas Anders, Marta Sánchez, The Three Degrees, Cheap Trick, Bad English, XLR8, Charlie Green, Sarah Geronimo, Vanna Vanna and others.
In 2003 Christian de Walden was honored by the BMI Latin Award as a songwriter of "Yo No Soy Esa Mujer", recorded by the Latin Grammy nominee Paulina Rubio.

</doc>
<doc id="19116528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116528" title="Fuchs Group">
Fuchs Group

The Fuchs Group is the largest privately owned spice company (expanding from Germany to France, Brazil, China, and North America) in the world. It was founded in 1952 and has its first headquarters in Dissen, Germany.
North American Branches.
Two headquarters are located in North America; Owings Mills Maryland, and Grand Forks North Dakota (Both lead by Nils Meyer-Pries). 

</doc>
<doc id="19116530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116530" title="Martelli">
Martelli

Martelli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19116539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116539" title="1916–17 Rangers F.C. season">
1916–17 Rangers F.C. season

The 1916–17 season is the 27th season of competitive football by Rangers.
Overview.
Rangers played a total of 38 competitive matches during the 1916–17 season. They finished third in the Scottish League Division One after winning 24 of the 38 league matches and collecting a total of 53 points (11 behind league winners Celtic).
The Scottish Cup was not competed for this season as the Scottish Football Association had withdrawn the tournament due to the outbreak of the First World War.
Results.
All results are written with Rangers' score first.

</doc>
<doc id="19116552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116552" title="Vreme je za nas">
Vreme je za nas

Vreme je za nas (trans. "It's Time for Us") is the debut studio album from former Yugoslav and Serbian glam metal band Karizma.

</doc>
<doc id="19116572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116572" title="Good Ol' Boys (The Bob &amp; Tom Show album)">
Good Ol' Boys (The Bob &amp; Tom Show album)

"Good Ol' Boys" is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in August 1994. It is a single disc which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19116579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116579" title="Terry Davies">
Terry Davies

Terence John "Terry" Davies MBE (born 24 September 1933) was a Welsh international full back who played club rugby for Swansea and Llanelli. He won 21 caps for Wales and was selected to play in the British Lions on the 1959 tour of Australia and New Zealand. Davies is seen as the last great Welsh full backs, before the 'No direct kicking into touch' rule was introduced in the late sixties and changed the full back role.
Early and club career.
Born in Llwynhendy in 1933, Davies was an international Welsh Youth with Bynea, before making his debut for Swansea, against Ebbw Vale in 1951. He gave an excellent performance and soon was a regular in the squad, facing the South Africans for Swansea on 15 December later that year. Given the kicking duties against the Springboks, it wasn't the best performance from Davies, who missed a drop goal, penalty and an easy conversion; the points lost would have changed the result to a Swansea victory.
Davies was a notoriously heavy and accurate tackler, and was a reliable rear guard defense against break away wingers, but he suffered physically through it. In the 1953/54 season he dislocated his shoulder for the first time and in a pre-season tour of Romania with Swansea in 1954 he shattered his shoulder when a heavy tackle took him into a concrete surround. His rugby career looked over until his shoulder was wired back together in a successful operation. In 1956, Davies left Swansea and joined Llanelli, the club he would remain with for the rest of his career, even when offered an £8,500 to transfer to Leeds.
In 1960 the South Africans played Llanelli as part of their tour. Davies was more than aware that in an earlier game against Swansea, the Springbok Francois Roux, had taken out Malcolm Rogers in a late tackle as Rogers had kicked a clearance. The tackle had sent Rogers to hospital with a dislocated shoulder and Davies was expecting Roux to try the same on him. When the South Africans played Llanelli, Davies was placed into the situation he had predicted. He collected a high ball at full back position and saw Roux closing in on him. Instead of kicking the ball clear, Davies, expecting the high tackle, kept the ball and swung his shoulders into Roux, knocking him to the ground. Roux recovered quickly but missed the next game. Davies later described Roux as a "...silly little man".
International career.
Davies made his international debut for Wales against England on 17 January 1953 in a home game at the Cardiff Arms Park. Although Davies scored a penalty kick, it was the only score that Wales could muster, and they lost 8-3. Davies was selected for the remaining three games of the Championship, winning them all, with Davies scoring another penalty against Scotland. Injury kept Davies from international rugby until 1957, when he returned against England. The match against Ireland during the same campaign saw Davies's kicking win the match. In a game played in extremely muddy conditions, the Welsh pack took control and two penalty goals from Davies was enough to give Wales the victory.
The 1958 Five Nations Championship game between England and Wales at Twickenham has become synonymous with Terry Davies. In a match where the Welsh team played without the Prince of Wales's feathers due to a mistake by the manufacturers, Davies had an opportunity to take the lead for Wales with a penalty kick. The mark was fifty yards out, and against the wind but Davies's kick was true and would have won the game but the ball hit the crossbar and bounced back. That night a group of Welsh supporters climbed the posts and cut down a section of the offending crossbar and took it back to Wales. Davies, a timber merchant, offered to replace it.
In 1959, Davies was selected for the British Lions on their tour of Australia and New Zealand. Davies should have been chosen for more matches, but a leg injury and some questionable selection choices restricted his appearances. During the second Test against New Zealand, Davies received a leg injury in the first quarter of an hour, but remained on the pitch to kick a penalty and a conversion. Although the Lions lost the game, Davies played well in the Final Test which the Lions won.
During the 1960 season, Wales faced the touring South Africans and Davies was chosen to captain the Welsh team. At the beginning of the game Davies won the toss for Wales and chose to play into the strong wind. Wales kept the Springboks at bay in the first half trailing to a single penalty from Keith Oxlee, but failed to score in the second half even with the wind now behind them. Davies would captain Wales on two more occasions, but would play his last international game in 1961 against France.
International matches played.
Wales
British Lions
Personal history.
In 2013 Davies was awarded the MBE for services to the communities of Bynea and Llanelli.

</doc>
<doc id="19116580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116580" title="Finam">
Finam

Finam is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,993 and had 580 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19116589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116589" title="Gakhu">
Gakhu

Gakhu is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,870 and had 572 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19116594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116594" title="Cedros Island mule deer">
Cedros Island mule deer

Cedros Island Mule Deer, "Odocoileus hemionus cerrosensis", is a subspecies of Mule Deer. It is found only on Cedros Island off the coast of Baja California. There are only about 50 individuals remaining, with no captive population. Its behavior is similar to that of other subspecies of mule deer. The subspecies is threatened by feral dogs and poaching.
References.
[http://books.google.ca/books?id=jTMY7Fp01zcC&pg=PA438&lpg=PA438&dq=Cedros+Island+mule+deer&source=web&ots=bVV4_E4ihc&sig=7Y6lSeJQn_N9x7xwMWp5TQjijgw&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=3&ct=result#PPA438,M1]

</doc>
<doc id="19116602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116602" title="Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988">
Luxembourg in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988

Luxembourg continued to participate at the Eurovision Song Contest, despite the string of bad results they had received. For the Eurovision Song Contest 1988 RTL Télévision, the Luxembourgish broadcaster, continued to internally select their entry, choosing Belgian-born singer Lara Fabian to sing for Luxembourg with the French language song "Croire" (Believing).
At Eurovision.
Fabian performed her song 17th on the night of the final, following Belgium and preceding Italy. Fabian received 90 points for her performance, placing 4th of 21 countries competing. 

</doc>
<doc id="19116609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116609" title="Ghairung">
Ghairung

Ghairung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 4,348 and had 757 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19116612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116612" title="Leanid Marakou">
Leanid Marakou

Leanid Marakou (Born April 15, 1958 in Minsk) is a Belarusian journalist, writer and historian.
Biography.
Marakou (Belarusian: Леанід Маракоў, Russian: Леонид Моряков, pseudonyms: Vladimir Moryakov, Anatole Sinchukousky) graduated from the Minsk Radioengineering Institute in 1984. He worked as a maintenance engineer at the Minsk Computer Plant, then at the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus. In 1990, Marakou became an importer of electronic equipment.
Marakou spent some years in the 1990s investigating the fate of his uncle, Valery Marakou, a poet in the 1930s, who was executed by the Bolsheviks. Study of the poet's biography (about which L. Marakou has published a monograph later on), as well as those of other perished relatives had grown into a systematic and professional research of history of all repressed during the Stalin's period cultural and public figures of Belarus. That became also possible due to obtaining of temporary access to the classified archives of the KGB in Belarus.
Authorship.
Marakou is the author of a multi-volume directory "Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus. 1794-1991" (Belarusian: "Рэпрэсаваныя лiтаратары, навукоўцы, работнiкi асветы, грамадскiя i культурныя дзеячы Беларусi. 1794-1991"). The directory contains more than 20,000 biographies of Belarusians executed or who perished in Joseph Stalin's concentration camps (the Gulag).
Marakou's "Extermination" (Belarusian: "Вынішчэнне") is a research book dedicated to repressions committed against Belarusian literary men, "Victims and Executioners" (Belarusian: "Ахвяры і Карнікі"), - a documentary investigation about the fate of the victims and their torturers during the period of mass executions of the 1930s, and the reference "Repressed Orthodox clergymen and priests of Belarus. 1917-1967" (Belarusian: "Рэпрэсаваныя праваслаўныя свяшчэнна- і царкоўнаслужыцелі Беларусі. 1917-1967").
Marakou's first short stories were published in 1998. Stories by Marakou often begin during Stalin's repressions and Leonid Brezhnev's stagnation, and trace the fate of people resisting the regime. Marakou is a member of the oppositional Union of Writers of Belarus and a member of the International PEN.
Bibliography.
1. "Valery Marakou. Fate. Chronicles. Context" Minsk, 1999 ("Валеры Маракоў. Лёс. Хроніка. Кантэкст". Мн., 1999)
2. "Extermination. Repressed Belarusian literary men. A reference book". Minsk 2000 ("Вынішчэнне. Рэпрэсаваныя беларускія літаратары. Даведнік." Мн., 2000)
3. "Recusants. Short stories". Minsk, 2001 ("Непамяркоўныя. Апавяданні". Мн., 2001)
4. "Recusants - II. Short stories". Minsk, 2001 ("Непамяркоўныя - ІІ. Апавяданні". Мн., 2001)
5. "The threesome. Short stories". Minsk, 2001 ("Трое. Апавяданні". Мн., 2001)
6. "100 miniatures. On life, death and love". Minsk, 2002 ("100 мініяцюр. Пра жыццё, смерць і каханне". Мн., 2002)
7. "100 miniatures. (Translation to the Russian language)". Minsk, 2002 ("100 миниатюр (перевод с белорусского языка)". Мн., 2002)
8. "Repressed Belarusian literary men. Encyclopaedic dictionary in two volumes. Volume I". Minsk, 2002 ("Рэпрэсаваныя беларускія літаратары. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 2 тамах. Т. 1". Мн., 2002)
9. "Repressed Belarusian literary men. Encyclopaedic dictionary in two volumes. Volume II". Minsk, 2002 ("Рэпрэсаваныя беларускія літаратары. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 2 тамах. Т. 2". Мн., 2002)
10. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus, 1794-1991. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume I". Smolensk, 2003 ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 1". Смаленск, 2003)
11. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus, 1794-1991. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume II". Smolensk, 2003 ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 2". Смаленск, 2003)
12. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus, 1794-1991. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume III, Book 1". Minsk, 2004 ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі, 1794-1991. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 3. Кніга 1". Мн., 2004)
13. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus, 1794-1991. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume III, Book 2". Minsk, 2005 ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі, 1794-1991. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 3. Кніга 2". Мн., 2005)
14. "Just one night." Minsk, 2006 ("Толькі адна ноч (ратапрынтнае выданне)". Мн., 2006)
15. "Repressed Orthodox clergymen and priests of Belarus, 1917-1967. Encyclopaedic dictionary in two volumes. Volume I". Minsk, 2007 ("Рэпрэсаваныя праваслаўныя свяшчэнна- і царкоўнаслужыцелі Беларусі, 1917—1967. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 2-х тамах. Т. 1". Мн., 2007)
16. "Repressed Orthodox clergymen and priests of Belarus, 1917-1967. Encyclopaedic dictionary in two volumes. Volume II". Minsk, 2007 ("Рэпрэсаваныя праваслаўныя свяшчэнна- і царкоўнаслужыцелі Беларусі, 1917—1967. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 2-х тамах. Т. 2". Мн., 2007)
17. "Victims and executioners. A reference book". Minsk, 2007 ("Ахвяры і карнікі. Даведнік". Мн., 2007)
18. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume 4, Book 1. Repressed teachers of Belarus. 1917—1954". Minsk, 2007. ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 4. Кніга 1. Рэпрэсаваныя настаўнікі Беларусі. 1917—1954". Мн., 2007)
19. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume 4, Book 2. Repressed teachers of Belarus. 1917—1954". Minsk, 2007. ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 4. Кніга 2. Рэпрэсаваныя настаўнікі Беларусі. 1917—1954". Мн., 2007)
20. "Recusants - III. Third attempt. A novel in short stories". Minsk, 2007 ("Непамяркоўныя — ІІІ. Трэцяя спроба. Раман у апавяданнях". Мн., 2007)
21. "Diary of a dead contrabandist. Short stories". Minsk, 2008 ("Запісы забітага кантрабандыста. Апавяданні". Мн., 2008)
22. "Recusants. Short stories (Authorised translation to the Russian language)". Minsk, 2008 ("Непримиримые. Рассказы. Авторизованный перевод с белорусского языка". Мн., 2008)
23. "They didn't know... Short stories and records". Minsk, 2009 ("Яны не ведалі…. Апавяданні, запісы. Мн., 2009")
24. "Notebook of a dead contrabandist. Short stories and records". Minsk, 2009 ("Сшытак забітага кантрабандыста. Апавяданні, запісы. Мн., 2009")
25. "Short stories: criminal; about love; from a dead contrabandist. (Authorised translation to the Russian language)". Minsk, 2009 ("Рассказы: криминальные; о любви; убитого контрабандиста. Авторизованный перевод с белорусского языка". Мн., 2009)
26. "Repressed catholic clergymen of Belarus: spiritual, consecrated and secular figures. 1917 - 1964. Encyclopaedic dictionary". Minsk, 2009 ("Рэпрэсаваныя каталіцкія вернікі Беларусі: духоўныя, кансэкраваныя і свецкія асобы. 1917—1964. Энцыклапедычны даведнік". Мн., 2009)
27. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume V". Repressed medical and veterinary specialists of Belarus. 1917—1960". Minsk, 2010 ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 5. Рэпрэсаваныя медыцынскія і ветэрынарныя работнікі Беларусі. 1917—1960". Мн., 2010)
28. "Recusants. The second edition, extended and thoroughly revised". Minsk, 2012 ("Непамяркоўныя. 2-е выданне, дапоўненае і перапрацаванае". Мн., 2012)
29. "Minsk Main Street: history. 1880-1940 / Book I". Minsk, 2013 ("Галоўная вуліца Мінска. 1880—1940. Кніга 1.") Мн., 2013 (2012))<br>
30. "Minsk Main Street: history. 1880-1940 / Book II". Minsk, 2014 ("Галоўная вуліца Мінска. 1880—1940. Кніга 2.") Мн., 2014)
Ready for publishing (2009, 2013):
1. "Biographies. (Extended life stories of repressed writers of Belarus, hundreds of photo-pictures, most of which have never been published before". ("Біяграфіі (разгорнутыя жыццяпісы рэпрэсаваных пісьменнікаў Беларусі, сотні фотаздымкаў, большая частка з якіх не друкавалася)")
2. "The very Nizhny Taghil. A script for a full-length criminal thriller film". ("Самы Ніжні Тагіл. Сцэнар дэтэктыўна-прыгодніцкага поўнаметражнага фільма")
In preparation (2010—2020):
1. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus, 1794-1991. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume III, Book 3". ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 3. Кніга 3")
2. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume VI. Repressed office workers". ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 6. Рэпрэсаваныя службоўцы")
3. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume VII. Repressed office workers". ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 7. Рэпрэсаваныя службоўцы")
4. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume VIII. Wives of `enemies of people'". ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 8. Жонкі “ворагаў народа”)
5. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume IX. Belarusians in Russian concentration camps". ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 9. Беларусы ў расійскіх канцэнтрацыйных лагерах")
6. “Repressed literary men, scientists, educators, public and cultural figures of Belarus. Encyclopaedic dictionary in 10 volumes (15 books). Volume X. Addendum, common name and geographical references". ("Рэпрэсаваныя літаратары, навукоўцы, работнікі асветы, грамадскія і культурныя дзеячы Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік у 10 тамах (15 кнігах). Т. 10. Дадатак, агульныя імянны і геаграфічны паказальнікі")
7. "Letts, Lithuanians, Germans and Estonians repressed on the territory of Belarus. A reference book". ("Рэпрэсаваныя на тэрыторыі Беларусі латышы, літоўцы, немцы, эстонцы. Даведнік")
8. "Repressed landowners of Belarus. Encyclopaedic dictionary". ("Рэпрэсаваныя землеўласнікі Беларусі. Энцыклапедычны даведнік")
9. "Victims and executioners - II". ("Ахвяры і карнікі — ІІ")

</doc>
<doc id="19116613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116613" title="Dominica cuisine">
Dominica cuisine

Dominica cuisine is the cuisine of the island nation of Dominica. The cuisine is rooted in creole techniques with local produce flavored by spices found on the island.
Foods.
Dominica's cuisine is similar to many other Caribbean islands including that of Trinidad and St Lucia. Though separated by water Dominica like many other Commonwealth Caribbean islands have their distinct twist to their meals. 
Breakfast is an important meal in Dominica and is eaten everyday, typically eaten meals include saltfish which are dried and salted codfish and Bakes made by making a dough and frying in oil prove popular before a long days at work. Saltfish and bakes however is also doubled up as a fast food snack that can be eaten throughout the day, vendors and Dominica's streets sell these snacks to passers by alongside Fried chicken, Fish and tasty smoothies. Other breakfast meals include cornmeal porridge which is made with fine cornmeal or polenta, milk and condensed milk and sugar to sweeten, more British influenced meals like Eggs, bacon and toast are also popular alongside fried fish and plantains. 
During Lunchtime or Dinner Common vegetables eaten are Plantain, Tania, Yam, Potato, rice and peas. Meat and poultry typically eaten include Chicken (which is very popular), beef, fish which are normally stewed down with onions, carrots, garlic, ginger and herbs like thyme and using the browning method to create a rich dark sauce. Popular meals include rice and peas, Stew chicken, Stew beef, fried and stewed fish and many different types of hearty fish broths and Soups which are packed full with dumplings, carrots and ground provisions.
Roadside stands and small-town restaurants typically serve fried chicken, fish-and-chips and "tasty bakes" which are fried dough made with flour, water and sugar or sometimes salt, along with cold drinks. The island produces numerous exotic fruits, including bananas, coconuts, papayas, guavas, pineapples, and mangoes which can be eaten as dessert and be pureed or liquefied.
Dominica's national dish is the mountain chicken, which are snares of the legs of a frog called the Capaud, which is endemic to Dominica and Montserrat. Found at higher elevations, it's a protected species and can only be caught between autumn and February.
Beverages.
Rivers flowing down from the mountains provide Dominica with an abundant supply of freshwater. Drinks include rum punch and freshly made smoothies.
Dominica tea culture has a long history. Many traditional medicinal teas have origins with the original Carib culture of the island. Dominica brews its own beer under the Kubuli label.

</doc>
<doc id="19116637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116637" title="Ghyalchok">
Ghyalchok

Ghyalchok is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,659 and had 848 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19116649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116649" title="Gorakhkali">
Gorakhkali

Gorakhkali is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,275 and had 1942 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19116658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116658" title="Gumda">
Gumda

Gumda is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,312 and had 481 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19116659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116659" title="Waller v. Florida">
Waller v. Florida

Waller v. Florida, 397 U.S. 387 (1970), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that the Double Jeopardy Clause protects defendants from successive prosecutions by states and municipalities for offenses based on the same criminal conduct.
Background.
Joseph Waller, Jr., also known as Omali Yeshitela, was a former member and organizer of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). During the 1950s and 1960s, he actively participated in the American Civil Rights Movement. Today, he is chairman of the Uhuru Movement and has started branches in the Ohuru House Centers of St. Petersburg, FL and Oakland, FL. Yeshitela created the concept of African Internationalism, or Pan-Africanism, which focuses on the viewpoint of the African, working class population. He also concentrates on theories of Marxism, notably Marx’s notion of the “primitive accumulation of capital.” Yeshitela is an African and civil rights activist and travels all over the United States, and even worldwide, to speak of and promote his ideas. This case was significant in propelling Yeshitela's unique path toward the advocacy and activism that he is devoted to today.
Previous Legal Precedents.
Before this case, the U.S. Supreme Court had not definitively ruled on the application of the Double Jeopardy Clause in regards to local and state ordinances and provisions. In fact, before Waller, about half of the states allowed for these double prosecutions, and some lower federal courts permitted it as well. Palko v. Connecticut was the dominant precedent at the time, which gave permission for the individual states to essentially ignore the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution in enacting their own specific provisions regarding double jeopardy. Palko essentially gave the states full discretion in how they conducted double jeopardy prosecutions, with the exception that they followed the procedural due process of the judicial system.
However, this line of precedents was replaced by another, Benton v. Maryland. In this case, the Fifth Amendment Double Jeopardy Clause was incorporated and made applicable to the states through the Fourteenth Amendment, overruling the previous Palko case. Due to the holding in Benton, it became almost inevitable that the various state provisions outlining multiple prosecutions for the same instance be re-evaluated, some of them before the U.S. Supreme Court.
Dual Sovereignty.
Before Waller was decided, states had different qualifications for what constituted double jeopardy and which circumstances allowed for multiple prosecutions. Some states theorized that the judicial relationship between the municipalities and the states was relative to the relationship between the state government and the federal government. This justification is similar to a dual sovereignty embedded in the states' legislation which permits those multiple prosecutions for the same occurrences and crimes. There have been a few cases, such as Abbate v. United States and Bartkus v. Illinois, that had previously allowed double prosecutions if they took place on a state level and then on a federal level, but obviously these precedents didn’t last long. The U.S. Supreme Court has distinguished between the sovereignty of the states and the federal government regarding some principles, but they have rejected the claim that the separation of sovereignty is so far that double jeopardy need not be acknowledged by the states.
Case Facts.
Waller was one of many who led a protest in St. Petersburg, Florida on December 29, 1966. During this protest, they marched to the St. Petersburg City Hall, where they removed a racially controversial mural from the wall. The mural exhibited a group of Negroes musically entertaining a group of whites. The protestors then continued to march through St. Petersburg until they were stopped and subsequently arrested by law enforcement. The police eventually obtained the mural from the protestors, but only after a scuffle resulting in the mural’s damaged condition. The City of St. Petersburg charged Waller and five others with the violation of destruction of city property and disorderly breach of the peace. He was found guilty for both counts in the municipal court and was sentenced to 180 days in the county jail. During the municipal court process, Waller made the statement that “What happened Dec. 29, 1966, occurred as a result of a program I initiated to bring the plight of my people to the attention of the people of St. Petersburg…” 
Waller was subsequently charged by the State of Florida for grand larceny, which was based on the same acts with which he was charged against by the City of St. Petersburg. He moved for a writ of prohibition in the Florida Supreme Court to prevent a second trial in the circuit court, due to his claim that a second trial would constitute double jeopardy. The Florida Supreme Court denied relief. Waller was then tried in the Circuit Court of Florida by a jury, where he was found guilty of the grand larceny felony charge. He was then sentenced to six months to five years in prison, minus 170 of the days from his previous 180-day municipal court sentence.
Upon Waller’s appeal to the Florida District Court of Appeals, he was denied of his double jeopardy claim. The District Court’s rejection acknowledged that the courts’ actions were based on the same acts as those involved in the two City of St. Petersburg ordinances, but still did not find Waller to be subject to double jeopardy. Waller’s petition for a writ of certiorari to the Florida Supreme Court was denied.
The United States Supreme Court then granted review for this case, with Leslie H. Levinson from Gainesville, Florida representing petitioner Joseph Waller and George Georgieff from Tallahassee, Florida as representation for the respondent. The case was argued before the U.S. Supreme Court on November 13, 1969, and the decision was handed down on April 6, 1970.
Decision.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger wrote the majority opinion in this case on behalf of the U.S. Supreme Court. The question was whether or not two courts in the same state can place defendants on trial for the same crime, and whether or not this constituted double jeopardy. Double jeopardy provisions were made applicable to the states in Benton v. Maryland, 395 U.S. 784, 89 S.Ct. 2056, 23 L.Ed. 2d 707 (1969). This case, in addition to North Carolina v. Pearce, 395 U.S. 711, 89 S.Ct. 2089, 23 L.Ed. 2d 656 (1969), was considered in answering the issue brought forth in Waller’s case. Florida asserted that there is a separate sovereignty between the state government and its municipalities, similar to the sovereignty distinguished between the federal government and the states. This is not the only state to assert this theory. However, the Florida courts were found to have error in their holdings that being tried in a municipal court is not a bar for being tried at the state level for the same offense. Thus, the U.S. Supreme Court found that it was considered double jeopardy to be held for the same charge once by a state, and another by a local or municipal court, thereby making the state of Florida's actions unconstitutional.
Concurring.
Justice William J. Brennan, Jr. wrote a concurring opinion, in which he agreed with the majority that municipal and state courts within the same state are not separately sovereign. However, he furthered his opinion by stating that a second trial is barred if it occurs in the same state as the first unless is falls under one of the exceptions to the “same transaction” rule, which provides the legal exceptions to double jeopardy that would be considered permissible.
Mural Replacement.
In July 1998, St. Petersburg City Council members approved a plan that outlined a replacement mural to hang where the former one once hung. The proposed new mural was a landscape oil painting of water and palm trees and is one of two created by the Tarpon Springs artist Christopher Still that were placed above the marble staircases in the city hall that led to the council's chambers. The two paintings are 78 inches by 118 inches and were purchased by the city of St. Petersburg for $50,000 as a part of their public arts program.
When Yeshitela (formally Waller, Jr.) learned of the new mural plans, he felt that an apology on behalf of the city was necessary. According to him, "It seems to me that this City Council, which is talking about putting a mural in that spot, should be obligated to make an apology to the African community for that monstrosity that hung there until 1966," said Yeshitela, chairman of the African People's Socialist Party. When I tore that mural down, I was castigated in a lot of quarters as a criminal and I in fact served time in prison for it." Other African-Americans in the community shared in Yeshitela's resentment of the St. Petersburg City Council's new decisions regarding the mural.
Ashe v. Swenson.
Ashe v. Swenson, 397 U.S. 436 (1970), is important to Waller because it was decided by the U.S. Supreme Court in the same year and both cases questioned the application of double jeopardy in the states. The petitioner was convicted of robbing one man who was playing poker with five others. During the trial, the jury found the petitioner to be not guilty due to insufficient evidence and was therefore acquitted of the charges. However, shortly after, another suit was brought against the petitioner for the robbery of another man that was present at the same incident. During this trial, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed and remanded the lower decisions and held that the petitioner could not be prosecuted twice for the same course of events. Justice Brennan provided a concurring opinion, stating that the decision should have been reversed simply because the Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment prohibits it. Justice Burger provided a dissenting opinion in which he expressed that the petitioner’s second trial was not double jeopardy because it was a different complainant.
Conclusion.
Waller v. Florida established the presence and extension of the Fifth Amendment Double Jeopardy Clause in the states and their municipalities and further clarified discrepancies that existed in a large portion of the states. The details of the case also stood on a monumental level regarding the civil rights movement in St. Petersburg, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19116667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116667" title="Hansapur, Gandaki">
Hansapur, Gandaki

Hansapur is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,377 and had 818 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19116683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116683" title="Miao Jinqing">
Miao Jinqing

Miao Jinqing (苗晉卿) (685–765), courtesy name Yuanfu (元輔), formally Duke Wenzhen of Han (韓文貞公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Suzong and Emperor Daizong. He was noted for his peaceful nature, but also noted for his overeagerness to please powerful individuals at court.
Background.
Miao Jinqing was born in 685, during the first reign of Emperor Ruizong. His family was from Lu Prefecture (潞州, roughly modern Changzhi, Shanxi) and traced its ancestry to the royal clan of Chu, a state of the Warring States period. was known for having refused appointment to civil service. His father Miao Daishu (苗殆庶) did serve as an official, but only reached the office of secretary general of Longmen County (龍門, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi). Miao Jinqing himself was known for studiousness in his youth, and he was able to pass the imperial examinations, allowing him to enter civil service.
During Emperor Xuanzong's reign.
Sometime during the reign of Emperor Ruizong's son Emperor Xuanzong, Miao Jinqing started his official career as the sheriff of Xiuwu County (修武, in modern Jiaozuo, Henan), and then served as the sheriff of Fengxian County (奉先, near the Tang capital Chang'an) — which, given its proximity to Chang'an, was considered a promotion. For the faults of someone he was associated with—the historical accounts were not clear — he was then demoted to be a census officer at Xu Prefecture (徐州, roughly modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu). After his term of service was complete at Xu Prefecture, his performance was judged to be of high rank, and he was made the sheriff of Wannian County (萬年) — one of the two counties making up Chang'an, making the sheriff position, while low rank, a very prestigious position. He later served as "Shiyushi" (侍御史), a low-level imperial censor, before successively serving as a junior official at the ministries of finance, defense, and civil service affairs. In 735, he was promoted within the civil service affairs ministry to the position of "Libu Langzhong" (吏部郎中), serving under the deputy ministers. In 736, he and his colleague as "Libu Langzhong", Sun Ti (孫逖), were both given additional titles as "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人) as mid-level officials of the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"). In 739, while still carrying those titles, he became one of the officials in charge of selecting officials for civil service. Miao was said to be peaceful and humble in his character, and when the reserve officials argued with him over their commissions, regardless of how talkative or argumentative they got, he still tolerated their arguments without displeasure. In 741, he was promoted to be deputy minister of civil service affairs (吏部侍郎, "Libu Shilang"). Overall, he was responsible for selecting officials for five years. It was said that because he was not an exacting supervisor, his subordinates were carrying out misdeeds, including accepting bribes for commissions.
At that time, there was peace in the Tang realm, and it was said that in a typical year, over 10,000 men would arrive at Chang'an to undergo the imperial examinations. Miao's superior, the minister of civil service affairs, was Li Linfu, who also served as chancellor and concentrated that office, and the ministry was effectively entrusted to Miao and his colleague as deputy minister, Song Yao (宋遙). Because there were so many examinees, Emperor Xuanzong often also selected officials from other ministries to assist Miao and Song, hoping that by doing so the examination process could be fair. In 743, while Miao and Song were still in charge, there was a major scandal in the examination process. That year, Zhang Shi (張奭), the son of the deputy chief imperial censor, Zhang Yi (張倚), was one of the examinees. Miao and Song knew that Zhang Yi was then well-trusted by Emperor Xuanzong and wanted to ingratiate him. When they selected 64 examinees who passed the examinations and ranked them, therefore, they ranked Zhang Shi the highest. It was well-known among the other examinees, however, that Zhang Shi never studied diligently, and there was much murmur. A former county magistrate, Su Xiaoyun (蘇孝慍), heard about this, and he reported this to his former superior, the general An Lushan, who then was much favored by Emperor Xuanzong. An reported this to Emperor Xuanzong. Emperor Xuanzong therefore gathered the 64 passing examinees and personally tested them. Only less than 20% of the examinees were able to satisfy Emperor Xuanzong, and in particular, Zhang Shi, when given the questions by Emperor Xuanzong, was not able to write a single character on his examination sheet. Emperor Xuanzong, in anger, demoted Miao, Song, and Zhang Yi all to be commandery governors — in Miao's case, to be the governor of Ankang Commandery (安康, roughly modern Ankang, Shaanxi).
In 744, Miao was moved to be the governor of Wei Commandery (魏郡, roughly modern Handan, Hebei), as well as the surveyor of Hebei Circuit (河北, i.e., roughly modern Hebei). He served there for three years and was said to have governed Wei Commandery well. After three years, he was summoned back to Chang'an, and, at his request, Emperor Xuanzong allowed him to visit his home county, Huguan County (壺關), on the way. When he arrived at Huguan, he got off his horse and began to walk as soon as he spotted the gates to the county seat. His attendant stated to him, "You, Governor, are highly honored and known for your virtues, and you should not take yourself lightly." Miao responded:
Once Miao arrived at Huguan, he spent several days inviting the people of the county to feasts and also donated a major part of his salary to serve as an education fund for the young men. Soon thereafter, he was made the governor of Hedong Commandery (河東, roughly modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), as well as the surveyor of Hedong Circuit (also 河東, but referring to the entire circuit, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi). He was later moved to serve as governor of Fufeng Commandery (扶風, roughly modern Baoji, Shaanxi) and created the Baron of Gaoping. He later served as the minister of public works (工部尚書, "Gongbu Shangshu") and the official in charge of the eastern capital Luoyang. After that tour of duty, he was summoned back to Chang'an to serve as the minister of justice (憲部尚書, "Xianbu Shangshu") as well as "Shangshu Zuo Cheng" (尚書左丞), one of the secretaries general of the examination bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng").
In 755, when An rebelled at Fanyang Circuit (范陽, headquartered in modern Beijing) and quickly captured Luoyang, the governor of the key Shan Commandery (陝郡, roughly modern Sanmenxia, Henan), abandoned his post without defending it. The powerful chancellor Yang Guozhong, who disliked Miao, wanted to use this as an opportunity to get Miao out of Chang'an, and therefore suggested that as Miao was a senior official, he would be a good choice to defend Shan. Emperor Xuanzong agreed and commissioned Miao as the governor of Shan as well as the commander of the forces in the region. Miao, who was then 70 years old and who did not want to undertake this military duty, visited Emperor Xuanzong to decline this commission on account of old age, and in doing so offended Emperor Xuanzong. Emperor Xuanzong thus removed him from his office and made him retire.
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
In 756, with forces of An Lushan's new state of Yan approaching Chang'an, Emperor Xuanzong fled Chang'an toward Chengdu, without taking most members of his court. Many officials surrendered to Yan forces. Miao Jinqing did not do so, but instead fled into a valley and eventually to Ankang Commandery. Meanwhile, Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng also did not follow Emperor Xuanzong but instead fled to Lingwu, where he was proclaimed emperor (as Emperor Suzong), an act later recognized by Emperor Xuanzong, who took the title of "Taishang Huang" (retired emperor). As Tang forces staged their counterattack in 757, Emperor Suzong advanced from Lingwu to Fengxiang (鳳翔, i.e., the capital of Fufeng Commandery). He summoned Miao to his court and made Miao "Zuo Xiang" (左相) — the head of the examination bureau (門下省, "Menxia Sheng") and a post considered one for a chancellor. He often consulted Miao on important affairs of state. Later in the year, after Tang forces recaptured Chang'an and Luoyang, Miao continued to serve as chancellor and the head of the examination bureau — now retitled "Shizhong" (侍中). He was also created the Duke of Han. Miao repeatedly requested retirement, and in 759, as a part of Emperor Suzong's reorganization of his chancellors, he removed Miao and his colleague Wang Yu from their chancellor positions, replacing them with Lü Yin, Li Xian, and Li Kui. Emperor Suzong gave Miao the post of "Taizi Taifu" (太子太傅) — senior advisor to Emperor Suzong's crown prince Li Yu. In 760, however, Emperor Suzong again made Miao "Shizhong", returning him to the rank of chancellors.
The "Book of Tang" had this to say about Miao's style of governance:
In 762, Emperor Xuanzong died. Emperor Suzong, who was already ill, commissioned Miao to serve as regent for three days while he mourned. After Emperor Suzong himself died soon thereafter, Li Yu took the throne as Emperor Daizong but wanted Miao to serve as regent again briefly. This time, Miao declined, citing his own old age and his belief that having a regent was inappropriate given the circumstances, and Emperor Daizong agreed.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
In his old age, Miao Jinqing continued to serve as chancellor. He requested that he be allowed to report to the office of chancellors only every other day, and Emperor Daizong agreed — and further permitted Miao to enter the office in a litter. He also met Miao regularly at Yanying Hall (延英殿) — a mode which set a precedent for later emperors and later ailing chancellors.
In 763, Tufan forces launched a surprise attack on Chang'an, and Emperor Daizong was forced to flee east. Miao, being ill, could not follow Emperor Daizong, and Tufan forces, which proclaimed Emperor Daizong's second cousin Li Chenghong the Prince of Guangwu the Emperor of Tang, went to Miao's mansion to try to force him to serve Li Chenghong. Miao refused to cooperate and remained silent. Tufan forces did not dare to kill him and left him alone. Later in the year, after Emperor Daizong's forces were able to force Tufan forces to leave Chang'an and remove Li Chenghong, allowing Emperor Daizong's return, Miao was given the exceedingly highly honored title of "Taifu" (太傅), but was removed from his chancellor position. He died in 765 and was buried with great honors. Initially, the officials responsible for posthumous names proposed for him the posthumous name of "Yixian" (懿獻, meaning "benevolent and wise"). At that time, the most powerful figure at court was the chancellor Yuan Zai, who had previously served under Miao and was grateful to Miao, and he ordered the officials to change the proposal to the more honored "Wenzhen" (文貞, meaning, "civil and virtuous"). In 772, Emperor Daizong ordered that Miao be worshipped with Emperor Suzong at Emperor Suzong's temple.

</doc>
<doc id="19116685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116685" title="Alexis Loizidis">
Alexis Loizidis

Alexis Loizidis (; born 26 June 1985) is a football defender.
Career.
Loizidis began playing football with Atromitos Piraeus, where he played 42 matches and scored 10 goals in the Delta Ethniki. In January 2005, he joined Ionikos F.C. and made one substitute's appearance in the Alpha Ethniki. In August 2005, he was loaned to Keratsini FC where he played 10 matches in Gamma Ethniki and in August 2006 he was loaned to Thiva F.C. where he played 11 matches in Gamma Ethniki.

</doc>
<doc id="19116691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116691" title="Harbhi">
Harbhi

Harbhi is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,910 and had 754 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19116712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116712" title="Anderson River (British Columbia)">
Anderson River (British Columbia)

The Anderson River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
The river is presumably named after Alexander Caulfield Anderson of the Hudson's Bay Company who traveled through the region in 1847-48.
Course.
The Anderson River originates near Coquihalla Pass and flows generally west and north, joining the Fraser River in the Fraser Canyon, near Boston Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="19116721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116721" title="United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing">
United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing

In the United States, the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing, commonly known as the “Triple Crown”, is a series of three Thoroughbred horse races for three-year-old horses run in May and early June of each year consisting of the Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes, and Belmont Stakes.
While "Daily Racing Form" writer Charles Hatton is commonly credited with originating the term to reference these races in 1930, they were referred to by that name at least as early as 1923.
Only 11 horses have ever won the Triple Crown, none since 1978. Of the trainers of those eleven horses, "Sunny Jim" Fitzsimmons won the Triple Crown twice (the only trainer to do so), and another trainer, D. Wayne Lukas, scored a Triple Crown as a trainer in sweeping the 1995 races with different horses, the only individual to do so.
The 11 Triple Crown winners are Sir Barton (1919), Gallant Fox (1930), Omaha (1935), War Admiral (1937), Whirlaway (1941), Count Fleet (1943), Assault (1946), Citation (1948), Secretariat (1973), Seattle Slew (1977), and Affirmed (1978).
The Triple Crown Trophy, commissioned in 1950, is awarded to a Triple Crown winner.
Overview.
Since 1931, the order of Triple Crown races has been the Kentucky Derby first, followed by the Preakness Stakes, and then the Belmont Stakes. Prior to 1931, the Preakness Stakes was run before the Kentucky Derby eleven times. On May 12, 1917, and again on May 13, 1922, the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes were run on the same day.
While there is a similar series of races specifically for fillies, the "Triple Tiara", each Triple Crown race is open to both colts and fillies. Unlike the British and all but one of the French Classics, the races are also open to geldings. All the races are held on dirt tracks, rather than the turf commonly used for important races in Europe.
Winners of the Triple Crown.
At completion of the 2008 season, the three Triple Crown races have attracted 3,889 entrants. Of these, 274 horses have won a single leg of the Triple Crown, 50 horses have won two of the races (21 the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes, 18 the Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes, and 11 the Kentucky Derby and Belmont Stakes), and eleven horses have won all three races. Pillory won both the Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes in 1922, a year when it was impossible to win the Triple Crown because the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes were run on the same day.
Whirlaway is the only horse ever to win the "superfecta" of the Triple Crown and the Travers Stakes.
Jim Fitzsimmons is the only trainer to have two horses win the Triple Crown, training the sire/son combination of 1930 winner Gallant Fox and 1935 winner Omaha. This also marked the first time that an owner and the first time that a breeder, Belair Stud holding both duties, would have a repeat win of the Triple Crown.
Eddie Arcaro is the only jockey to ride two horses to the Triple Crown, jockeying 1941 winner Whirlaway and 1948 winner Citation.
Records.
Secretariat holds the record for each of the Triple Crown races.
Individual Triple Crown winners.
In 1995, D. Wayne Lukas became the first and only major figure (owner, jockey, or trainer) to sweep the Triple Crown races with different horses.
One jockey, Calvin Borel, has taken two of the Triple Crown races in the same year with different horses. In 2009, he took the Kentucky Derby with Mine That Bird and the Preakness Stakes with Rachel Alexandra. He rode Mine That Bird to a show finish at the Belmont Stakes.
One trainer, Bob Baffert, has been a runner-up in all three races in one year with two different horses. In 2012, his horse Bodemeister finished second in the Kentucky Derby and Preakness stakes, and in the Belmont Stakes, his horse Paynter was in second place when Union Rags got ahead of him in the last few hundred yards. The only other Triple Crown runner-up trainer is John Veitch (1978) with one horse, Alydar.
Individual race winners.
Notes
Thirty-five-year drought.
There has not been a Triple Crown winner since June 7, 1978, and this is the longest drought in Triple Crown history. Since 1978, eleven horses have won both the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes. Of those, Real Quiet has come the closest to winning the Triple Crown, losing the Belmont Stakes by a nose in 1998. Charismatic led the Belmont Stakes in the final furlong in 1999, but fractured his left front leg in the final stretch and fell back to third. The five most recent horses to win the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes but either lost or withdrew from the Belmont Stakes were War Emblem in 2002, Funny Cide in 2003, Smarty Jones in 2004, Big Brown in 2008, and I'll Have Another in 2012.
In 2003, Gary Stevens stated in an interview with Charlie Rose that he did not believe there would be another Triple Crown winner because of the tendency for owners to put fresh horses in the Preakness and Belmont Stakes. After Big Brown won the Kentucky Derby in 2008, Stevens said: “It’s been 30 years since we had our last Triple Crown winner – it’s time for another.”
Several horses have won two of the three races since the last Triple Crown win, including several that won both the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes but lost the Belmont Stakes. In 2012, I'll Have Another, who won the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes, was scratched from the Belmont Stakes, due to concerns about a possible foot injury. The most unusual of those situations was in 1995, when Thunder Gulch won the Kentucky Derby and Belmont Stakes, and stablemate Timber Country won the Preakness Stakes. Both horses were trained by D. Wayne Lukas, making him the only Triple Crown-winning trainer without a Triple Crown-winning horse.
Only one horse, Alydar, has placed (finished second) in all three races. He was defeated by Affirmed in all three races in 1978 by a combined margin of two lengths. In addition, Mane Minister finished third in each race in 1991, and Hawkster finished fifth in each race in 1989.
Gallant Fox is the only triple crown winner to sire another US triple crown winner, Omaha. Affirmed sired Peteski, winner of the 1993 Canadian Triple Crown.
Sponsorship.
On May 21, 2005, the Visa credit card company withdrew its sponsorship of the Triple Crown, effective 2006. It relieved Visa of paying the $5 million bonus to the owner of a horse that would win the Triple Crown. Triple Crown Productions has sponsored the races since 2006. The $5 million bonus no longer remains intact.
Many believe Visa withdrew its sponsorship as a result of the New York Racing Association's decision to break with the other two tracks on a television contract. On October 4, 2004, NYRA announced that ABC and ESPN would hold television rights to the Belmont Stakes, breaking from Triple Crown Productions' deal with NBC Sports. Eventually the Belmont would become a part of the ESPN on ABC rebranding of the ABC Sports division under ESPN's purview.
In February 2011 ESPN dropped out of the next cycle for Belmont rights, allowing NBC to take rights for the Belmont and re-up for the Kentucky Derby and Preakness until 2015, uniting all three races on the same network.
Triple Crown Productions was formed in 1986 with ABC. Prior to that, the individual racing associations made their own deals with the television networks (ABC and CBS).

</doc>
<doc id="19116723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116723" title="Jaubari, Gandaki">
Jaubari, Gandaki

Jaubari is a Village Development Committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,398 and had 658 houses in the town. It is located at the western part of Gorkha district. It is one the major hubs for education and heath in Gorkha District. Paropakar Adarsha Uccha Madhyamik Vidhalaya is located in Jaubari VDC of Gorkha.

</doc>
<doc id="19116734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116734" title="Kashigaun">
Kashigaun

Kashigaun is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,440 and had 305 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19116739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116739" title="Kerabari, Gandaki">
Kerabari, Gandaki

Kerabari is a Village Development Committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,692 and had 535 houses in the village

</doc>
<doc id="19116749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116749" title="Gary George (Oregon politician)">
Gary George (Oregon politician)

Gary George is a Republican politician from the US state of Oregon. He was a member of the Oregon State Senate from 1997 to 2009, representing District 12.
George and his wife Kathy own a hazelnut farm and processing plant and a christmas tree farm outside Newberg. They have five children including current state senator Larry George (R-OR, 13th).
George ran for a seat in the Oregon House of Representatives in 1990, but lost. He first won a seat in the Senate in 1996.
George and Representative Kim Thatcher led an unsuccessful effort in 2008 to repeal gay rights legislation passed by the 2007 legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="19116750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116750" title="St Edward King and Martyr, Cambridge">
St Edward King and Martyr, Cambridge

St Edward King and Martyr is a church located on Peas Hill in central Cambridge, England. It is dedicated to Edward the Martyr, King of England from 975 until his murder in 978. It was at St Edward's in 1525 that what is said to have been the first sermon of the English Reformation took place, and the church is sometimes labelled the "Cradle of the Reformation".
History.
Foundation.
The present church was founded in the thirteenth century on what is believed to be the site of an earlier Anglo-Saxon church. In around 1400 the church was rebuilt, creating the present chancel and arches of the nave, though the arch at the base of the tower dates from the original building. There are some pictures and a description at the Cambridgeshire Churches website.
When Henry VI ordered the clearing of land in order to create King's College, the church of St John Zachary that was used by both Trinity Hall and Clare was demolished. In 1445, by way of recompense, the living of St Edward's church was granted to Trinity Hall, and the chaplain is still appointed by the college. Two fifteenth century side-chapels were built in St Edward's, with the North chapel used by Trinity Hall, and the South by Clare.
Reformation.
St Edward's played a pivotal role in the English Reformation. During the 1520s a group of evangelicals led by Thomas Bilney had been meeting to discuss the preachings of Martin Luther and Erasmus's translation of the New Testament.
At the Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve 1525, one of the group, Robert Barnes, gave what is believed to be the first openly evangelical sermon in any English church, and accused the Catholic Church of heresy. Over the next decade many of the great reformers preached at St Edward's, including Hugh Latimer, who was a regular preacher until he left Cambridge in 1531. These events have led to St Edward's being referred to as the "Cradle of the Reformation".
It is a royal peculiar not belonging to a diocese.
Recent history.
The buildings of central Cambridge have led to St Edward's becoming somewhat hidden away from view in its location on the north side of the Guildhall. It is surrounded on three sides by its namesake pedestrian alleyway, St Edward's Passage, whose 'Y-shaped' form has remained unchanged since at least the sixteenth century, and only possesses a tiny churchyard. It holds Grade II* listed status.
During the 1930s, St Edward's served as the Toc H church for the east of England, and became popular with students, who referred to it as "Teddy's".
The present East window was designed by George Gilbert Scott and was added during the restorations of 1858–60. The theologian F. D. Maurice was chaplain at St Edward's from 1870–2.
The church holds a weekly Gothic Eucharist.
The acting chaplain is Dr Malcome Guite. The previous chaplain, Dr Fraser Watts, resigned following allegations of sexual abuse in December 2013 

</doc>
<doc id="19116752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116752" title="Oslo Analyzer">
Oslo Analyzer

Oslo Analyzer (1938 – 1954) was a differential analyzer type of computer, built in Norway from 1938 to 1942. It was the largest computer of its kind.
The differential analyzer was based on the same principles as the pioneer machine developed by Vannevar Bush at MIT. It was installed in the first floor of the Institute for Theorethical Astrophysics at the University of Oslo, under leadership of Svein Rosseland who had visited MIT in 1933. The machine had twelve integrators (compared to six of the original MIT machine) and could calculate differential equations of the twelfth order, or two simultaneous equations of the sixth order. When it was finished, the Oslo Analyzer was the most powerful of its kind. 
Upon the German occupation of Norway on April 9, 1940, Rosseland realized that the machine might become a desirable research tool in the German war effort. So Rosseland personally removed all precision fabricated integration wheels and buried the wheels in sealed packages in the garden behind the institute.
The machine contributed to a number of scientific projects, both domestic and international. When it was dismantled, sections of it was placed at the Norwegian Museum of Science and Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19116755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116755" title="Kosovo–Serbia relations">
Kosovo–Serbia relations

The Republic of Kosovo declared their independence from Serbia in 2008, a move which Serbia rejects. Initially there were no relations between the entities, but the following years have seen increased dialogue between the governments of Kosovo and Serbia.
Reaction to declaration of independence.
Serbia strongly opposed Kosovo's declaration of independence, which was enacted on 17 February 2008. On 12 February 2008, the Government of Serbia instituted an Action Plan to combat Kosovo's anticipated declaration, which stipulated, among other things, recalling the Serbian ambassadors for consultations in protest from any state recognising Kosovo, which it has consistently done. Activities of ambassadors from countries that have recognized independence are limited to meetings with Foreign Ministry lower officials. The Serbian Ministry of the Interior issued an arrest warrant against Hashim Thaçi, Fatmir Sejdiu and Jakup Krasniqi on 18 February 2008 on charges of high treason.
On 8 March 2008, the Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Koštunica resigned, dissolving the coalition government, saying it was too divided over the Kosovo situation to carry on. A pre-term parliamentary election was held on 11 May 2008, together with local elections. President Boris Tadić stated that the government fell "because there was no agreement regarding further EU integration".
On 24 March 2008, Slobodan Samardžić, Minister for Kosovo and Metohija, proposed partitioning Kosovo along ethnic lines, asking the United Nations to ensure that Belgrade can control key institutions and functions in areas where Serbs form a majority but other members of the Government and the President denied these claims. On 25 March 2008, the outgoing Prime Minister, Vojislav Koštunica stated that membership in the EU should be "left aside," until Brussels stated whether it recognized Serbia within its existing borders.
On 24 July 2008, the Government decided to return its ambassadors to EU countries. Other ambassadors were returned following the positive outcome of the vote in the UN General Assembly. Serbia has expelled diplomatic representations of all countries that subsequently recognized Kosovo's independence: Montenegro, the Republic of Macedonia and Malaysia.
On 15 August 2008, Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremić filed a request at the United Nations seeking a non-legally binding advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice of whether the declaration of independence was in breach of international law. The United Nations General Assembly adopted this proposal on 8 October 2008. In July 2010, the ICJ issued its opinion which found that Kosovo's declaration of independence "did not violate international law".
2008–2013.
Since the declaration of independence, Serbia refused to deal directly with the Republic of Kosovo, but only through the international intermediaries UNMIK and EULEX. However, there has been some normalisation; beginning in 2011, an EU team persuaded Serbia to discuss some minor border issues with Kosovo; in February 2013, the presidents of Kosovo and Serbia met in Brussels. Liaison officers are also being exchanged.
On 27 March 2012, four Kosovo Serbs, including the mayor of Vitina, were arrested by Kosovo Police while attempting to cross the disputed border at Bela Zemlja back into Kosovo with campaign materials for an upcoming election. They were subsequently charged with "incitement to hatred and intolerance among ethnic groups". 
The following day, trade unionist Hasan Abazi was arrested with fellow unionist Adem Urseli by Serbian police manning the Central Serbia/Kosovo crossing near Gnjilane. Abazi was charged with espionage and Urseli with drug smuggling. Serbian Interior Minister Ivica Dačić stated of the arrests that "Serbian police did not wish to take this approach, but the situation obviously could no longer go on without retaliation... If someone wants to compete in arrests, we have the answer". According to his lawyer, Abazi was then held in solitary confinement. 
On 30 March, the Serbian High Court in Vranje ordered Abazi to be detained for thirty days on espionage charges dating to an incident in 1999 in which Abazi allegedly gave information to NATO. Abazi's arrest was protested by Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch as "arbitrary".
On 19 October 2012, normalisation talks mediated by the European Union began in Brussels with Serbian Prime Minister Ivica Dačić and Kosovo Prime Minister Hashim Thaçi, where the two PMs sat at the table and initiated talks on normalising relations between Pristina and Belgrade. Reaching such a deal was a necessary condition of Serbia's EU candidacy.
The governments slowly reached agreements and deals on various areas, such as freedom of movement, university diplomas, regional representation and on trade and international customs. In Brussels, Serbia and Kosovo agreed that implementation of the border agreement would start on 10 December 2012. A historic meeting took place on 6 February 2013, when Serbian president Tomislav Nikolić and Kosovar President Atifete Jahjaga sat at the same table for the first time since Kosovo declared independence.
Following a December 2012 agreement, the two nations swapped liaison officers who worked at EU premises in the two capitals. Pristina referred to these officers as "ambassadors", but Belgrade rejected such a designation.
Serbia's top officials met with the EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Catherine Ashton in Brussels, on 11 March 2013, Serbian president Nikolić said that Serbia and Kosovo were very close to signing an agreement which would improve their relations.
On 19 April 2013, the two governments completed the Brussels Agreement that was hailed as a major step towards normalising relations, and would allow both Serbia and Kosovo to advance in European integration. The agreement is reported to commit both states not to "block, or encourage others to block, the other side's progress in the respective EU paths." Amongst other measures the deal establishes a special police commander (Commander will be appointed by Pristina from a list submitted by Serbs) and appeal court (Under Pristina laws and procedures) for the Serb minority in Kosovo, but does not amount to a recognition of Kosovo's independence by Belgrade. There were no Special provisions in the agreement given to Serb communities in North Kosovo as all municipalities have he same rights and status. In news reports Ashton was quoted as saying, "What we are seeing is a step away from the past and, for both of them, a step closer to Europe", whilst Thaçi declared "This agreement will help us heal the wounds of the past if we have the wisdom and the knowledge to implement it in practice."
The accord was ratified by the Kosovo assembly on 28 June 2013.
On 7 August 2013, an agreement was announced between the two government to establish permanent border crossings between Serbia and Kosovo throughout 2014.
On 9 September 2013, an agreement was reached to allow Kosovo to apply for its own international dialing code. Two days later, the Serbian government announced the dissolution of the Serb minority assemblies it created in northern Kosovo in order to allow the integration of the Kosovo Serb minority into the general Kosovo population.
Ethnic Serbs in Kosovo.
Since the 1999 bombing of Serbia, a large portion of Kosovo Serbs have been displaced from their homes, like other minorities throughout the province. A significant portion of Serbian Orthodox churches, as well as Serbian cemeteries and homes, have been demolished or vandalized.
The Serbian Government promised suspended Serb prison workers from Lipljan money if they were to leave the Kosovo institutions, which they were working in, so they did. However they were never paid, so staged a continued a blockade of the Coordination Center in Gračanica. They claim that Belgrade, the Kosovo Ministry specifically, has not paid them money promised for leaving the Kosovo institutions.
Serbs have also responded by forming their own assembly.
In September 2013, the Serb government dismantled the Serb minority assemblies in Mitrovica, Leposavic, Zvecan and Zubin Potok as part of an agreement with the government of Kosovo. At the same time, the President of Kosovo signed a law that granted amnesty to ethnic Serbs in Kosovo for past acts of resistance to Kosovo law enforcement authorities.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19116759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116759" title="The Maze of Bones">
The Maze of Bones

The Maze of Bones is the first novel of The 39 Clues series, written by Rick Riordan and published September 9, 2008 by Scholastic. It stars Amy and Dan Cahill, two orphans who discover, upon their grandmother Grace's death, that they are part of the powerful Cahill family, whose members constantly fight each other for Clues, which are ingredients to a mysterious serum. The novel has received generally positive reviews.
Plot.
Plot introduction.
Many of the well-known names in history are said to be part of the real-life Cahill family, making it "the most powerful family in the world." They currently live in Boston, Massachusetts in a glorious mansion called The Cahill Ranch. Names such as Marie Curie, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Napoleon Bonaparte, and George Washington were all part of one of the four family branches—the power-hungry Lucians, the strong and sporty Tomas, the inventive Ekaterinas, and the creative Janus and also the Madrigals. Dan and Amy are also warned to "beware the Madrigals," but what the Madrigals are is not revealed in this novel. While most of the characters in the book know which branch they belong to, the main characters do not.
Plot summary.
The story begins with Grace Cahill laying on her deathbed requesting William McIntyre to change her will to the alternate version and dies soon after it is changed. After he is sure she is truly dead, the Man In Black steps out of the shadows and talks with McIntyre.
The main characters, Amy and Dan Cahill, are then introduced. They are Grace's grandchildren going to her funeral at her mansion with Grace's sister and their guardian Aunt Beatrice. Right before the funeral Amy and Dan run into the Holts. The parents, Eisenhower and Mary-Todd, and their children, Hamilton (fourteen), Madison and Reagan, (eleven), turn Dan upside down. Then a non-random selection of many Cahills, including Amy and Dan, are called away in a private meeting for the will reading. Also called away are the Holts, the Kabras (nicknamed the Cobras), Natalie (eleven), and Ian (fourteen), Alistair Oh (inventor of microwaveable burritos), Irina Spasky (ex-KGB agent), The Starling triplets (Ned, Ted, and Sinead), Jonah Wizard (famous rapper host of the reality TV show "Who Wants to be a Gangsta"), Uncle Jose, Aunt Ingrid, and Aunt Beatrice. It was not known until Rapid Fire Two, but Astrid Rosenbloom was there also. William McIntyre, lawyer of Grace Cahill, shows them a video of Grace Cahill telling them they're on the brink of their greatest challenge yet. Mr. McIntyre then says they have a choice, one million dollars, or a chance to be the greatest Cahill in history and gives them five minutes to decide. Dan wants the money for baseball cards, while Amy wants the chance in order to make Grace proud. Then the Kabras try to discourage them from taking the challenge. Then the people at the will reading are told by Mr. McIntyre that people like Abraham Lincoln, Harry Houdini and Lewis and Clark are Cahills. In the end, Amy and Dan chose the chance and receive a sealed envelope which contain a clue,they are the last ones to accept the challenge. The Holts, Alistair Oh, Starlings, and Spasky all accept the challenge. The envelope says: Resolution: The fine print to guess. Seek out Richard S____.
As Amy and Dan think over what this means, the Starlings, Holts, Kabras, and Irina leave. Meanwhile WIlliam gives the kids Grace's last warning, " Beware the Madrigals." Amy then goes to the library but does not find anything there, but Dan opens a passageway into Grace's secret library where Alistair and them find a copy of Poor Richard's Almanack. They give it to Alistair to look at, but just then the mansion burns down. They barely escape through the vents (Dan grabbing Grace's cat, Saladin and a box of jewels on the way out) and go home where they convince Nellie to be their chaperone for their trip. They then head to the Franklin Institute, later escaping when it collapses, making Ted Starling blind, and then head to France.
In France they reject the offer of Jonah Wizard and then follow Irina Spasky, who, due to a theft chain, now has the almanac. Irina lured them into a trap on an island, but they were later saved unpredictably by the Holts, a family who is also after the Clues. After their escape, Amy and Dan told Nellie all about the 39 Clues, and Nellie decides to help them.
With their information, the Cahills go to the Paris Catacombs. They find some bones which have numbers on them: a magic box number game, planted there by Franklin to give the coordinates to the next Clue. This leads them to a church where they find a room with a mural of the four original Cahills, after who the four Cahill branches are named.
Inside the room is a small vial, with scrambled words on it. Dan solves the anagram, and they resolve to insert the vial into a lightning rod—one of Franklin's inventions—to charge it. Amy succeeds, but the vial is then stolen by the Kabras. However, Dan still has the original paper, and solves the puzzle for the clue: iron solute. Amy's Internet searches for Franklin also have led them to the probable location of the second Clue: Vienna, Austria, the home of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. The book that follows the Maze Of Bones is "One False Note" By Gordon Korman.
Major themes.
The major themes of the novel are talented and powerful. The historical members of the Cahill family are all talented. Each branch has specific talents in a certain area; for example the Ekaterina branch is talented in the area of technology. The members of each teams in the family are obviously talented or have some other edge and yet Amy and Dan are viewed as the main threats. Over the course of the book Amy and Dan discover their own unique talents. The premise of the series is that the person to find the solution to the clues will come into an inordinate amount of power.
Reception.
"The Maze of Bones" met with a generally positive reviews and spawned optimism for the rest of the series. It entered the Children's Books New York Times Best Seller list at number one on September 28, 2008 and stayed on the list for children's chapter books for 24 weeks. "Publishers Weekly" said it "mixes just the right proportions of suspense, perils, and puzzles" and that it was a "rollicking good read", while noting that "the story does not end so much as drop off a cliff." "School Library Journal" said that "the book dazzles" and "stands solidly on its own feet and will satisfy while whetting appetites for more." Mary Quattlebaum, writing for the "Washington Post", said that "though the villainous relatives are rather flat, the historical tidbits and fast-moving plot will engage readers". Austin Grossman, writing for "The New York Times", gave a generally mixed review, saying the premise for the series was "dramatic and instantly engaging", although he commented that Amy and Dan were "agreeably flawed characters but have an undeniably focus-grouped, manufactured quality – as does, let’s face it, the whole book". He also found the supporting characters to be made up of stereotypes and the writing "carefully bland, as if it didn’t trust its readers enough". "Scholastic Parent & Child" magazine also included the novel within its 100 "Greatest Books for Kids."

</doc>
<doc id="19116766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116766" title="The Balloon Vendor">
The Balloon Vendor

The Balloon Vendor () is a 1974 Italian drama film directed by Mario Gariazzo and starring James Whitmore. 

</doc>
<doc id="19116779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116779" title="Danielson Gomes Monteiro">
Danielson Gomes Monteiro

Dani real name Danielson Gomes Monteiro (born 6 February 1984) is Cape Verdean footballer. As of the 2010-11 season, he plays for Real Sport Clube in the Portuguese Second Division (3rd level). He spent most of his career playing for clubs at Portuguese football's third highest level.
Dani played twice at Liga de Honra, for Leiria and Olhanense.

</doc>
<doc id="19116785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116785" title="GrGen">
GrGen

GrGen.NET (Graph Rewrite GENerator, .NET version) is a graph transformation tool which generates efficient C#-code (or CLI assemblies) out of declarative graph rewrite rule specifications.
Graphs and graph rewrite rules are specified by intuitive domain specific languages (semantics based on the SPO-approach, DPO available as well); they may get used from graph rewrite sequences, a simple, yet for most graph transformation tasks sufficient, special purpose programming language, or via an API by any CLI language.
GrGen is meant to be used for generating the algorithmic kernel of applications processing graph structured data (program graphs, social nets, chemical structures, ...). 
For rapid prototyping and debugging, an interactive shell and a (VCG-)graph viewer are included in the package, which executes under Windows and Linux (Mono required) and is open source available under LGPL v3.
Specification sample.
An example containing some graph model and rule specifications from the GrGen.NET-solution to the AntWorld-challenge posed at Grabats 08.
Graph model:
Rewrite Rules:

</doc>
<doc id="19116801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116801" title="Institute of Operations Management">
Institute of Operations Management

The Institute of Operations Management or IOM is a non-profit, professional body aiming to promote excellence in operations management. Operations management deals with the design and management of: products, processes, services, supply chains.
It considers the acquisition, development, and utilisation of resources that firms need to deliver the goods and services their clients want.
The IOM will be of interest to people wishing to enhance their Operations Management professionalism working 
at the tactical or strategic level in all types of organisation (manufacturing, services, armed forces, 
healthcare, etc.). 
Continuing and improving professional development can be helped through the IOM qualifications, education, events, knowledge centre and networking. 
The following are some of the areas that the IOM is involved in: Planning, Supply Chain Management, Inventory Optimisation, Communications and Team Work, Capacity Planning, Lean Management & JIT, ERP / MRPII / DRP, and many others.
History.
The Institute of Operations Management is now a discrete membership body within the Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport. Its origins date back to 1963 when it was called the "British Production and Inventory Control Society" (BPICS) which was established as a chapter of the US based American Production and Inventory Control Society (APICS). In 1975 it broke away from APICS and became established as a registered charity in the UK, retaining its BPICS name.
The society changed its name in 1996 to the "Institute of Operations Management" as it aimed to better reflect the wider interests of its members regarding all matters to do with operations.
Publications.
The Institute has two principle publications. These are 'Operations Management' published 10 times per year containing articles written by its membership and InfOrM which is an electronic publication containing editorial and links to resources both on the Institute web site and elsewhere.
Mission.
The mission of the Institute is:
Membership.
The Institute currently consists of approximately 2,000 members, predominantly from manufacturing companies, but also including academics and consultants. Membership exists in 4 grades; Fellow, Member, Associate or Student.
While the Institute promotes itself internationally, membership remains predominantly UK based.
Educational opportunities and certification.
The Institute is recognised by the British Qualifications and Curriculum Authority (QCA)and is listed on the national database of accredited qualifications. They currently offer a level 3 certificate and level 5 diploma in operations management.
In addition to formal qualifications, the Institute also supports a programme of short courses and sponsored events to share knowledge and expertise in operations management.

</doc>
<doc id="19116840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116840" title="First Church of Christ, Scientist (North Vancouver)">
First Church of Christ, Scientist (North Vancouver)

The former First Church of Christ, Scientist is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 189 Keith Road on the eastern end of Victoria Park in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. 
It was designed in the Classical Revival style by the noted British Columbia architectural firm of Honeyman and Curtis. Built in 1925, it is a single-storey wooden building with basement. The city of North Vancouver has declared that the building is "valued for its architecture and classically-inspired details" and "distinguished by a formal central entrance and consistent, refined detailing". Saying that its: "Columns, symmetry and fenestration all contribute to its strong sense of proportion and formality", the city on January 1, 1995, designated it a primary local heritage site.
On January 4, 2008, First Church of Christ, Scientist sold its building to North Shore Bethel Christian Mennonite Brethren Church. 

</doc>
<doc id="19116852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116852" title="Dufferin District Field">
Dufferin District Field

Dufferin District Field was a Canadian exposition soccer facility. It was located in Thornhill, Ontario, Canada.
Dufferin District Field broke ground in 1995, was built 1996, and opened in 1998. The field was built for the Canadian Professional Soccer League team, Glen Shields. The team became the Glen Shields Sun Devils in 1999, then changed their name to the Vaughan Sun Devils in 2002, and then again in 2003 to the Vaughan Shooters. The field closed in 2005 after the Shooters transferred to the St. Joan of Arc Turf Field in Maple, Ontario, 20 km north-west of downtown Toronto. The field was demolished in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19116885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116885" title="Fellini Days">
Fellini Days

Fellini Days is Fish's seventh solo studio album since he left Marillion in 1988 and the first since "Raingods with Zippos" (1999). Released on Fish's own label Chocolate Frog Records Company.
Track listing.
Note: "Dick" is Fish's actual surname.
Bonus "Companion Disc"
Credits (directly from sleeve notes).
Recorded at The Studio, Haddington, East Lothian, Scotland with additional recordings taken from sessions at The Grand Hotel, Pristina, Kosovo and live recordings from Leeuwarden, Utrecht and Oberhausen.
Recorded, engineered and produced by Elliot Ness.
Mixed by Calum Malcolm and Elliot Ness.
Mastered by Calum Malcolm.
Bonus disc credits:
Engineered, recorded, mixed and produced by Elliot Ness.
Mastered by Dallas Simpson at Serendipity.

</doc>
<doc id="19116887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116887" title="Transition (band)">
Transition (band)

Transition, not to be confused with a disbanded Pittsburgh punk group of the same name, is an English rock indie band from Bristol. They lend their style to the influence of U2, Radiohead and Jeff Buckley, and were voted amongst the Top Ten Bands in the UK on Channel 4's "Slash Music Showcase". Formed in 2007, Transition is made up of the brothers Jesse Edbrooke (guitarist) and Josh Edbrooke (drummer) together with Niall Dunne (guitarist). They said that they like Taiwan and Taiwanese people. They sing some of their songs in Chinese.
The band has released seven albums and are distributed by Corridor Records in the UK and WWR in Asia. Their release, "Three Bridges" (2008), received a nine out of ten rating from Cross Rhythms UK. 
The band has a fan base largely based in Asia, having performed in the UK, Sweden, Taiwan (where the band played at the Spring Scream (春天吶喊) and Formoz (野台開唱) music festivals), Korea and Hong Kong. In 2008, the band played at Bay Beats from 29 to 30 August, an indie music festival in Singapore. They were the final act on the Nokia Arena at the Esplanade on the last day of the festival. Most recently, they stayed in Taipei, Taiwan for over six months.

</doc>
<doc id="19116889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116889" title="Jalalpur Pirwala">
Jalalpur Pirwala

Jalalpur Pirwala (), is a city and capital of Jalalpur Pirwala Tehsil of Multan District in Pakistan. This city is about 88 km from Multan. Jalalpur Pirwala is a historical city. The population was about 300,000 in the 2000 census. The city has agricultural background, though it has some of the industrial resources as well. The main source of the income of the area is agriculture and trade. A smooth income in foreign exchange is due to a large number of people working abroad. The regular supply of finances to their families from countries like Saudi Arabia, Dubai, Oman, Qatar, Abu Dhabi, USA and the United Kingdom is also considered as addition for the local economy. There are 15 union councils in Tehsil Jalalpur Pirwala.Jalalpur Pirwala is also known as Mini Saudi Arabia due to trade.
As part of Punjab, the multani and Majhi dialects of Punjabi are widely spoken.

</doc>
<doc id="19116901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116901" title="The Law (The Law album)">
The Law (The Law album)

The Law is the first and only album from the rock supergroup The Law.
History.
The Law was formed when Paul Rodgers met Kenney Jones in a nightclub in London and decided to put a band together.
The two teamed up with different supporting musicians in order to give Paul Rodgers freedom to pursue whatever music style he felt like.
Unlike his previous projects in which he wrote or co-wrote most of the material, he relied heavily on outside writers to write songs for the album (Like Phil Collen, Chris Rea, Bryan Adams, etc...). Ironically, the only chart topper of the album, 'Laying Down the Law,' was written by Rodgers himself.
The album features notable appearances by David Gilmour, Bryan Adams, Chris Rea and Jim Barber.
Aside from the single, the album was received very poorly by the critics and the public which led to disbanding of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19116917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116917" title="Janelle Atkinson">
Janelle Atkinson

Janelle Anya Monique Atkinson-Wignall (born 30 September 1982), née Janelle Anya Monique Atkinson, is a Jamaican competition swimmer who won three silver medals at the 1999 Pan American Games.
Early years.
Atkinson was born in Saint Andrew, Surrey, Jamaica in 1982.
International career.
At the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Atkinson was a three-time silver medalist, finishing third in each of the 200-, 400- and 800-metre freestyle events. Atkinson represented Jamaica at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, where she finished fourth in the 400-metre freestyle and ninth in the 800-metre freestyle. Atkinson won a pair of bronze medals in the 400-metre freestyle and 800-metre freestyle at the 2002 Commonwealth Games held in Manchester, England. She also competed in the 200-metre freestyle and 400-metre freestyle for the Jamaican team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. She was named Jamaica's Swimmer of the Year seven consecutive times from 1997 to 2003.
College career.
She attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where she swam for coach Gregg Troy's Florida Gators swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2001 to 2004. As a Gator swimmer, Atkinson won three Southeastern Conference (SEC) championships (twice in the 500-yard freestyle and once in the 1,650-yard freestyle), and received ten All-American honors. She graduated from Florida with a bachelor's degree in tourism and hospitality management in 2005.
Coaching.
Atkinson is currently an assistant swimming coach for the UConn Huskies women's swimming and diving team at the University of Connecticut in Storrs, Connecticut. For the four years prior to accepting the UConn job, she served as an assistant swimming coach at Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio. She also served as the head coach of the Jamaican women's national team at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19116919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116919" title="Daniel Waters (novelist)">
Daniel Waters (novelist)

Daniel Waters (born March 14, 1969) is an American author of young adult novels. He lives in Connecticut with his wife and children.

</doc>
<doc id="19116921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116921" title="Kambiz Dirbaz">
Kambiz Dirbaz

Kambiz Dirbaz (Persian: کامبیز دیرباز) is an Iranian actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19116924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116924" title="Kerauja">
Kerauja

Kerauja is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,621 and had 574 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19116930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116930" title="Digital microscope">
Digital microscope

A digital microscope is a variation of a traditional optical microscope that uses optics and a charge-coupled device (CCD) camera to output a digital image to a monitor, sometimes by means of software running on a computer. A digital microscope usually has its own in-built LED light source, and differs from a stereo microscope in that there is no provision to observe the sample directly through an eyepiece. Since the optical image is projected directly on the CCD camera, the entire system is designed for the monitor image. The optics for the human eye are omitted.
Digital microscope is the term commonly used for low price commercial microscopes designed for use with a computer. Although the term can also be used for advanced systems that do not require a separate computer and can cost tens of thousands of dollars. The low price commercial microscopes normally omit the optics for illumination (for example Köhler illumination and phase contrast illumination) and are more akin to webcams with a macro lens. For information about stereo microscopes with a digital camera in research and development see optical microscope.
History.
An early digital microscope was made by a lens company in Tokyo, Japan in 1986, which is now known as Hirox Co Ltd. It included a control box and a lens connected to a computer. The original connection to the computer was analog through an S-video connection. Over time that connection was changed to Firewire 800 to handle the large amount of digital information coming from the digital camera. But some of their current advanced versions are all-in-one and do not require a computer. The most advanced all-in-one systems now have HD monitors built-in.
Invention of the USB port resulted in a multitude of USB microscopes ranging in quality and magnification. They continue to fall in price, especially compared with traditional optical microscopes. They offer high resolution images which are normally recorded directly to a computer, and which also use the computer for its in-built LED light source. The optical resolution is directly related to the number of megapixels available on a specific model, from 1.3 MP, 2 MP, 5 MP and upwards.
Stereo and digital microscopes.
A primary difference between a stereo microscope and a digital microscope is the magnification. With a stereo microscope the magnification is found by multiplying the lens magnification by the eyepiece magnification. Since the digital microscope does not have an eyepiece, the magnification cannot be found using this method. Instead the magnification for a digital microscope is found by how many times larger the sample is reproduced on the monitor. Therefore the magnification will depend on the size of the monitor. The average digital microscope system has a 15" monitor, would result in an average difference in magnification between an optical microscope and a digital microscope of about 40%. Thus the magnification number of a stereo microscope is usually 40% less than the magnification number of a digital microscope.
Since the digital microscope has the image projected directly on to the CCD camera, it is possible to have higher quality recorded images than with an stereo microscope. With the stereo microscope, the lenses are made for the optics of the eye. Attaching a CCD camera to an stereo microscope will result in an image that has compromises made for the eyepiece. Although the monitor image and recorded image may be of higher quality with the digital microscope, the application for the microscope may dictate which microscope is preferred.
Resolution.
With a typical 2 megapixel CCD, a 1600×1200 pixels image is generated. The resolution of the image depends on the field of view of the lens used with the camera. The approximate pixel resolution can be determined by dividing the horizontal field of view (FOV) by 1600.
Increased resolution can be accomplished by creating a sub-pixel image. The Pixel Shift Method uses an actuator to physically move the CCD in order to take multiple overlapping images. By combining the images within the microscope, sub-pixel resolution can be generated. This method provides sub-pixel information, averaging a standard image is also a proven method to provide sub-pixel information.
2D measurement.
Most of the high-end digital microscope systems have the ability to measure samples in 2D. The measurements are done onscreen by measuring the distance from pixel to pixel. This allows for length, width, diagonal, and circle measurements as well as much more. Some systems are even capable of counting particles.
3D measurement.
3D measurement is achieved with a digital microscope by image stacking. Using a step motor, the system takes images from the lowest focal plane in the field of view to the highest focal plane. Then it reconstructs theses images into a 3D model based on contrast to give a 3D color image of the sample. From these 3D model measurements can be made, but their accuracy is based on the step motor and depth of field of the lens.
2D and 3D tiling.
2D and 3D tiling, also known as stitching or creating a panoramic, can now be done with the more advanced digital microscope systems. In 2D tiling the image is automatically tiled together seamlessly in real-time by moving the XY stage. 3D tiling combines the XY stage movement of 2D tiling with the Z-axis movement of 3D measurement to create a 3D panoramic.
USB microscopes.
Digital microscopes range from inexpensive units costing from perhaps US$20 which connect to a computer via USB connector, to units costing tens of thousands of dollars. These advanced digital microscope systems usually are self-contained, and do not require a computer. 
Most of the cheaper microscopes which connect via USB have no stand, or a simple stand with clampable joints. They are essentially very simple webcams with small lenses and sensors—and can be used to view subjects which are not very close to the lens— mechanically arranged to allow focus at very close distances. Magnification is typically claimed to be user-adjustable from 10× to 200-400×.
Devices which connect to a computer require software to operate. Basic operation includes viewing the microscope image and recording "snapshots". More advanced functionality, possible even with simpler devices, includes recording moving images, time-lapse photography, measurement, image enhancement, annotation, etc. Many of the simpler units which connect to a computer use standard operating system facilities, and do not require device-specific drivers. A consequence of this is that many different microscope software packages can be used interchangeably with different microscopes, although such software may not support features unique to the more advanced devices. Basic operation may be possible with software included as part of computer operating systems—in Windows XP, images from microscopes which do not require special drivers can be viewed and recorded from "Scanners and Cameras" in Control Panel.
The more advanced digital microscope units have stands that hold the microscope and allow it to be racked up and down, similarly to standard optical microscopes. Calibrated movement in all three dimensions may be available. Resolution, image quality, and dynamic range vary with price. Systems with a lower number of megapixels have a higher frame rate (30fps) and faster processing. The faster processing can be seen when using functions like HDR (high dynamic range). In addition to general-purpose microscopes, instruments specialised for specific applications are produced. These units can have a magnification range up to 0-7000x, are usually all-in-one (don't require a computer), and can be portable. They also differ from the cheaper USB microscopes in not only the quality of the image but the quality of the system's construction giving these types of systems a longer lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="19116932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116932" title="Sindh Industrial and Trading Estate">
Sindh Industrial and Trading Estate

Sindh Industrial Trading Estates (Guarantee) Limited aka "SITE Limited", is a Government guaranteed company established in November 1947 by Government of Sindh, on the pattern of the Trading Estates in the United Kingdom.
History.
In order to promote industrialization and create attractive conditions for industrialists, Government of Sindh established "Sindh Industrial Trading Estates", in the year 1947. The object was to establish planned industrial areas where respective industrialists cold have all the facilities such as land, road, railway, water supply, electricity, gas telephone, godowns, sanitation, drainage, labour colonies and other necessary public amenities. These facilities were designed to create an industrial environment congenial for intending industrialists.
Organizational structure.
SITE by virtue of policy decision through Sindh Government No.24-I.B/47.1 dated June 2, 1947. SITE is the Government department under Ministry of Industries & Commerce, Government of Sindh. 
The Company works through Board of Directors appointed by Government of Sindh.
There are total number of 10 industrial estates in Sindh.

</doc>
<doc id="19116935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116935" title="Kharibot">
Kharibot

Kharibot is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,848 and had 540 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19116941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116941" title="Khoplang">
Khoplang

Khoplang is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,227 and had 1054 houses in the town. Former Prime Minister of Nepal Baburam Bhattarai was born here.

</doc>
<doc id="19116945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116945" title="Laprak">
Laprak

Laprak is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,165 and had 462 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19116946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116946" title="Millicent Leveson-Gower, Duchess of Sutherland">
Millicent Leveson-Gower, Duchess of Sutherland

Millicent Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, The Duchess of Sutherland (née Lady Millicent Fanny St. Clair-Erskine, 20 October 1867 – 20 August 1955) was a British society hostess, social reformer, author, editor, journalist, and playwright, often using the pen name "Erskine Gower". Her first husband was Cromartie Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, 4th Duke of Sutherland. By her two later marriages, she was known as Lady Millicent Fitzgerald and Lady Millicent Hawes, the latter of which was the name she used at the time of her death.
Birth and family.
She was born at Dysart House in Fife, the eldest daughter of the Scottish Conservative politician Robert St Clair-Erskine, 4th Earl of Rosslyn. Her sisters were Sybil Fane, Countess of Westmorland and Lady Angela Forbes.
Their mother, Blanche Adeliza Fitzroy, was the widow of the Hon. Charles Maynard, making them half-sisters to Daisy Greville, Countess of Warwick. Their maternal grandfather was Henry Fitzroy, whose father, the Reverend Lord Henry Fitzroy, was a Canon of Westminster Abbey, and grandfather was the Prime Minister Augustus FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Grafton.
Duchess of Sutherland.
Lady Millicent St. Clair-Erskine was married three times. She married Lord Cromartie Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, Marquess of Stafford, eldest son and heir of the 3rd Duke of Sutherland, on 20 October 1884, her 17th birthday. He inherited the Duchy of Sutherland on his father's death in 1892 and died in 1913.
They had four children:
The family had homes in Scotland, Staffordshire and London.
She became a great society hostess at their London home, Stafford House, associated with both the Marlborough House set and the Souls. She also developed a reputation as an advocate for social reform, although to a lesser extent than her half-sister Daisy Warwick. She campaigned successfully to remove lead paint glazes from Staffordshire pottery.
World War I and second marriage.
After the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914, she organised an ambulance unit that saw active service in the siege of Namur, Belgium. Trapped behind enemy lines in Belgium, she escaped to England, where she wrote "Six Weeks at the War". She returned to the continent in October to direct field hospitals in northern France. 
She moved with her unit to Roubaix in June 1918.
For her war service, she was awarded the French "Croix de guerre", the Belgian Royal Red Cross, and the British Red Cross medal.
She married Major (later Brig. Gen.) Percy Desmond Fitzgerald, 11th Hussars in October 1914, at which time she became known as "Lady Millicent Fitzgerald".
She was divorced from her second husband in 1919, on the grounds of his infidelity.
Later life.
She married for a third time, to Lt. Col. George Hawes in October 1919. The marriage was unhappy due to her husbands homosexuality and they also divorced in 1925. A semi-autobiographical novel, "That Fool of a Woman", was published in 1924.
She lived mostly in France through the 1920s and 1930s, and also travelled. She living near Angers in 1940, and was captured after the German occupation of France. She escaped via Spain and Portugal to the United States, and returned to Paris in 1945.
She died in Orriule, near Sauveterre-de-Béarn, in south-west France. She was cremated at the Père Lachaise cemetery in Paris, and her ashes were interred at the Sutherland private cemetery at Dunrobin Castle. She was survived by her eldest son, George Granville Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, 5th Duke of Sutherland.
The Duchess in Art.
Her 1904 portrait by John Singer Sargent is now in Madrid. It was part of the estate of press agent Benjamin Sonnenberg, and was sold at auction by Sotheby's in 1979 for $210,000, setting a record for the artist's work.
The bookbinder G.T.Bagguley was librarian of the ducal library at Trentham. He patented the Sutherland bookbinding which he named after the duchess. It is a method of tooling in colours which was principally employed on doublures.
A set of ten oil paintings by Victor Tardieu (1870–1937) record the tented field hospital established and run by Millicent at Bourbourg, south-west of Dunkirk, during the summer of 1915.The dedication on No.2 reads: ‘a Madame la Duchess M de Sutherland/Hommage respecteux et tres reconnaisant/d’un simple soldat’. The series went on sale at the Abbott and Holder gallery in London in early 2012, and was acquired by the Florence Nightingale Museum.
The museum announced that for the First World War centenary, from March-September 2014 it would use these paintings to examine the history of nursing in the Great War and the crucial role played by women volunteers in the battlefields of France and Belgium.
Publications.
She wrote novels, including "One Hour and the Next" (1899) and a collection of short stories, "The Winds of the World" (1902), and a play in blank verse. "The Conqueror" (1905) was performed at the Scala Theatre in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19116948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116948" title="Febbre da cavallo">
Febbre da cavallo

Febbre da cavallo is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Steno and starring Gigi Proietti. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
Plot.
Bruno Fioretti, said "Mandrake", is an inveterate bookie that does not pass a single day off every hippodrome in Rome. He bet it all on any horse, considering it winning, without realizing that the best friend Armando cuckolding him with his wife. By now bankrupt and without a penny, Mandrake decided to make his last bet, that will prove to be a winner at the same time that loser.

</doc>
<doc id="19116962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116962" title="Charles Willoughby (politician)">
Charles Willoughby (politician)

Charles James McNeil Willoughby (30 March 1894 – 5 September 1995) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Cookstown, Ontario and became a physician and surgeon by career.
He was first elected at the Kamloops riding in the 1963 general election and served one term, the 26th Canadian Parliament. Willoughby did not seek re-election after this.

</doc>
<doc id="19116966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116966" title="Ysgol Glanaethwy">
Ysgol Glanaethwy

Ysgol Glanaethwy is a drama school in Bangor, Gwynedd, Wales.
History.
Opened in 1990, Ysgol Glanaethwy is a performing arts school that operates outside normal school hours. Younger children take acting lessons and choir practice and the older pupils have choir practice only.
The school became well known when its choir for older pupils took part in the UK TV channel BBC 1's "Last Choir Standing" show in 2008. The students went through auditions, callbacks, and knock out rounds. After being in the sing off once and chosen to continue by the judges, the choir won second prize in the phone-in vote for the final.
Choirs.
The school now has three choirs: the junior choir, the senior choir and the 'Da Capo'.
Former members include: Mirain Haf, Owain Arwyn, Gwyneth Glyn, Elain Llwyd, Owain Arthur, Carwyn Jones, Ioan Pollard, Iddon Jones, Lucy Kelly, Lowri Wynn and Mareth Wyn Bean.
Awards.
Glanaethwy have performed at the Royal Albert Hall's Schools Proms, and have won many competition prizes, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19116967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116967" title="Morningside College (Hong Kong)">
Morningside College (Hong Kong)

Morningside College (Chinese: 晨興書院) is one of the colleges of the Chinese University of Hong Kong established in 2006. Morningside College is the smallest residential college of the Chinese University of Hong Kong, accommodating around 300 students at equilibrium. In September 2010, Morningside College admitted its first cohort of 72 undergraduates. Currently the college has 19 fellows and 4 affiliated fellows, including Nobel laureate in economics Sir James Mirrlees, former vice-president of the Chinese University of Hong Kong Professor Liu Pak-wai, and Fields medalist Professor Yau Shing-Tung.
History.
Origin.
Owing to the academic structure reform underway between 2009 and 2012, Chinese University of Hong Kong has expected an increased student enrollment by about 3,000 upon the reversion to the four-year curriculum. To accommodate more students, Chinese University of Hong Kong has decided to appeal to private donors for the establishment of new colleges, as the government refused to provide public funding for this purpose. In January 2006, the Task Force on New Colleges visited six universities that have college systems of the United States and the United Kingdom, and in April, the University Council approved the setting up of a few small to medium-sized colleges, and decided to establish Morningside College in May 2006.
Foundation.
Morningside College was established in 2006 as a residential college of Chinese University of Hong Kong with contributions from the Morningside Foundation and the Morningside Education Foundation. In August 2006, Nobel Prize winner in Economic Sciences, Professor Sir James Mirrlees, was appointed to be the Founding Master of Morningside College. On 6 June 2010, Morningside College officially has its first inaugural class.
Campus.
The college is located in between the central campus and the existing Chung Chi College, next to the Sports Centre at the eastern end of the University, directly beside S. H. Ho College. The College is set against the contour of the hills commanding a full view of Tolo Harbour and is within walking distance of the Central Mall, University Library and University railway station.
The groundbreaking ceremony of Morningside College campus was held in 2008, and the campus was completed by September 2011. The campus includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19116969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116969" title="Charles Willoughby">
Charles Willoughby

Charles Willoughby is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19116983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116983" title="The Dirt Sheet">
The Dirt Sheet

The Dirt Sheet is a WWE.COM Weekly webcast hosted by WWE Superstars John Morrison and The Miz. The debuted on February 8, 2008. The show is based on the Comedy of the ECW Tag Team. The show debuted live on ECW in June, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19116984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116984" title="Lapu">
Lapu

Lapu is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,650 and had 362 houses in the village.
References.
lapu ward no9

</doc>
<doc id="19116996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116996" title="Lho">
Lho

Lho is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 837.

</doc>
<doc id="19116999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19116999" title="Bukharim quarter">
Bukharim quarter

The Bukharan Quarter () ("Shkhunat HaBukharim") is a neighborhood in the center of Jerusalem, Israel. Many of the residents today are Haredi Jews. The quarter borders Tel Arza on the west, the Shmuel HaNavi neighborhood on the north, Arzei HaBira on the east and Geula on the south.
History.
The first immigrants from Bukhara (today Uzbekistan) settled in Jerusalem in the 1870s and 1880s.
They bought land and employed architect Conrad Schick to design a neighborhood for them. In 1890, seven members of the Bukharan Jewish community formed the Hovevei Zion Association of the Jewish communities of Bukhara, Samarkand and Tashkent. In 1891, the association drew up a charter stating that the new quarter would be built in the style of Europe's major cities. The streets were three times wider than other streets in Jerusalem at the time, and spacious mansions were built with large courtyards. The homes were designed with neo-Gothic windows, European tiled roofs, neo-Moorish arches and Italian marble. Facades were decorated with Jewish motifs such as the Star of David and Hebrew inscriptions. 
In 1905-1908, a dairy was opened and cotton fields were planted on the outskirts of the neighborhood. Construction of the quarter continued into the early 1950s. A total of 200 houses were built. During World War I, the Turkish army occupied several buildings and cut down almost all of the trees.
In 1920, a factory for weaving Persian carpets opened, providing employment for 80 women.
A high school, later known as Gymnasia Rehavia, was established in the quarter. Yitzhak Ben-Zvi, who went on to become President of Israel, taught there with his wife. 
Landmarks.
Between 1905-1914 Bukharan merchant Elisha Yehudayoff and his son-in-law, Yisrael Haim Hefetz, built the "Armon" (lit. "palace") using local limestone and Italian marble with Italian-baroque ornaments. The "Armon" hosted many of the leading figures of the time. During World War I, the Turkish army had its headquarters there. When the British conquered Jerusalem in 1917, a celebratory reception was held in the "Armon". 200 Jewish soldiers serving in the British army attended a Passover Seder there. In 1921, the founding convention of the Chief Rabbinate took place at the "Armon", at which Rabbis Abraham Isaac Kook and Jacob Meir were elected. At the end of the British Mandate the "Armon" served as a meeting place for the Irgun.

</doc>
<doc id="19117004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117004" title="Sir Archibald Macdonald, 1st Baronet">
Sir Archibald Macdonald, 1st Baronet

Sir Archibald Macdonald, 1st Baronet (13 July 1747 – 18 May 1826) was a British lawyer and politician.
Family.
Archibald Macdonald was the posthumous son of Sir Alexander Macdonald, 7th Baronet, and younger brother of the 8th baronet (see Baron Macdonald), but was bought to England in the aftermath of Culloden to complete his education at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford. He was called to the bar at Lincolns Inn in 1770. In 1777, he married Lady Louisa Leveson-Gower daughter of the Earl Gower, then Lord President of the Council.
Politics.
He was Member of Parliament for Hindon in Wiltshire (1777–1780) and then for Newcastle-under-Lyme (1780–1792), a seat where his father-in-law had a strong influence. In politics, he followed the political lead of his father-in-law.
Judge.
He was appointed as second judge of the Carmarthen circuit in Wales in 1780. He was promoted to Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer from 1790, the least important of the Westminster law courts. He served in this post until he retired in 1813, due to failing eyesight. He also served as the prosecutor in Thomas Paine's sedition trial over the publication of The Rights of Man in 1792.*
Retirement.
On his retirement from the court he was created a baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="19117006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117006" title="Makaising">
Makaising

Makaising is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,231 and had 416 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19117015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117015" title="Çäkçäk">
Çäkçäk

Çäkçäk (pronounced , Janalif: "Cəkcək", Tatar Cyrillic: Чәкчәк or чәк-чәк, "çäk-çäk"; , "chaqchaq"; , "chak-chak"; , "säk-säk", Kazakh "шек-шек" (shek-shek)), frequently anglicized as chak-chak , is a Tatar sweet. It is particularly popular in Tatarstan and Bashkortostan, and is recognized as Tatarstan's national sweet in Russia.
Çäkçäk is made from unleavened dough cut and rolled into hazelnut-sized balls, which are then deep-fried in oil. Optionally hazelnuts or dried fruits are added to the mixture. The fried balls are stacked in a mound in a special mold and drenched with hot honey. After cooling and hardening, çäkçäk may be optionally decorated with hazelnuts and dried fruits.
Traditional wedding çäkçäk is of bigger size and is often covered with candies and dragées. The biggest çäkçäk (1,000 kg) was prepared on 29 August 2005 during Kazan's millennium celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="19117023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117023" title="Manakamana, Gandaki">
Manakamana, Gandaki

Manakamana is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,083 and had 889 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19117026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117026" title="The 39 Clues">
The 39 Clues

The 39 Clues is a series of adventure novels written by a collaboration of authors, including Rick Riordan, Gordon Korman, Peter Lerangis, Jude Watson, Patrick Carman, Linda Sue Park, Margaret Peterson Haddix, Roland Smith, David Baldacci, Jeff Hirsch and Natalie Standiford. The books chronicle the adventures of two siblings, Amy and Dan Cahill, who discover that they belong to the Cahill family, the most influential family in history. The main story arc concerns Dan and Amy's quest to find the 39 Clues, which are ingredients to a serum that can create the most powerful person on Earth. Since the release of the first novel, "The Maze of Bones", on September 9, 2008, the books have gained popularity, positive reception, and commercial success. , the book series has about 8.5 million copies in print and has been translated into 24 languages. The major publisher of the books is Scholastic Press in the United States. Steven Spielberg acquired film rights to the series in June 2008, and a film based on the books will be released in 2014. The series also originated tie-in merchandise, including collectible cards and an interactive Internet game.
Series One: The 39 Clues.
The novels revolve around Amy and Dan Cahill, two orphans who, upon their grandmother's death, discover that they are members of the Cahill family, whose members have shaped the history of their world. The ancestors of the Cahill family are Gideon and Olivia Cahill, whose children created the branches of the family. The branches constantly compete against each other in a hunt for the 39 Clues, ingredients to a serum, the source of the family's power. Amy and Dan, along with their "au pair" Nellie, enter the hunt for the Clues and become embroiled in the conflict between the Cahill branches. As Amy and Dan participate in the hunt, they unearth secrets about their Cahill ancestors, their parents, and the Madrigals, a mysterious organization.
Each book chronicles one location to which Amy, Dan, and Nellie travel and focuses on one historical character with whom a Clue has a link. The main narrative focuses on Amy and Dan's pursuit of the Clues while evading the sabotage of their competitors, Cahills from other branches. The books also contain the perspectives of the other Cahills as their view of Amy and Dan changes. The environment Riordan and the other authors have created is an alternative reality in which influential historical figures all belong to a single family. The world of The 39 Clues exists in parallel with the real world; other than the Cahills, no one knows that the Cahills exist or how much they have shaped the world.
Book 1: "The Maze of Bones".
Released September 9, 2008, "The Maze of Bones" is the first book in the series, written by Rick Riordan. Shortly before her death, Grace Cahill requests that her lawyer, William McIntyre, change her will. At the funeral, McIntyre informs her grandchildren, Dan and Amy, of a choice: one million dollars or a chance to be the greatest Cahill in history and the most powerful people in the world.
Amy and Dan enter the Clue hunt, competing against more experienced Clue hunters: the athletic Holts, brilliant Alistair Oh, the genius Starlings, the cunning and deadly Kabras, famous Jonah Wizard, and hardcore Irina Spasky. Pursuing clues hidden in Grace's library and in the Franklin Institute, Dan and Amy discover that Benjamin Franklin has hidden a clue in Paris. After convincing their "au pair", Nellie, to chaperone their trip, Amy and Dan travel to Paris. While on the journey, Amy and Dan discover the conflict-ridden history of the Cahills that Grace hid from them to protect them. Racing through Paris—above ground and underground—the siblings solve codes and ciphers and find the clue in a vial. The Kabras steal the vial, but Dan solves the puzzle on the envelope they received at the beginning of their hunt and discovers the clue: "iron solute". Amy's Internet searches for Franklin lead them to the probable location of the second Clue: Vienna, Austria, the home of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Book 2: "One False Note".
"One False Note" is the second book in the series, written by Gordon Korman and released December 2, 2008. After Amy, Dan, and Nellie obtain the first clue, they and the other Cahills travel to Vienna, Austria to find a clue relating to Mozart and his sister, Maria Anna "Nannerl" Mozart. On the train ride to Vienna, the Holts rob Amy, Dan, and Nellie of sheet music, a code that leads to the Clue, forcing them to rely on Dan's photographic memory. They arrive and go to an archive to find Nannerl's diary, only to discover that it has been stolen. They track down the thief, fellow competitor Jonah Wizard, and steal the diary back. The diary leads them to Salzburg, Mozart's birthplace; their search there ends in an explosion. Dan, Amy, and Nellie then go to Venice, where Dan and Amy sneak into a museum. The Kabras attack them and play the harpischord. They trigger a booby trap that knocks them out. Amy and Dan find the second clue, tungsten, and a pair of Japanese swords, a hint for their next destination.
Book 3: "The Sword Thief".
"The Sword Thief" is the third book in the series, written by Peter Lerangis and released March 3, 2009. A pair of swords from Vienna leads Amy, Dan, and Nellie to Japan for a clue related to the Japanese warrior Toyotomi Hideyoshi. Teaming up with Alistair Oh and the Kabras, the three follow a trail of clues to Korea, where they stay at Alistair's house. A book in Alistair's secret library leads them to a mountain called Pukhansan. The group finds an entrance to a cave that hides Hideyoshi's treasure, and the third clue, gold. Dan discovers and decodes an anagram and tricks the Kabras, who escape and seal everyone else in the cave. After escaping, Dan, Amy, and Nellie head for Egypt, as hinted in the anagram.
Book 4: "Beyond the Grave".
"Beyond the Grave" is the fourth book in the series, written by Jude Watson and released June 2, 2009. Dan, Amy, and Nellie search for a clue in Egypt while being pursued by the other Cahills. Theo Cotter, an Egyptian archaeologist, aids them in their quest for the fourth clue. He betrays them, and the siblings and Nellie narrowly escape death. They find the fourth clue, half a gram of myrrh, through a Sakhet statue Grace left them. They barely escape Bae Oh with Nellie and Saladin's help.
Book 5: "The Black Circle".
"The Black Circle" is the fifth book in the series, written by Patrick Carman and released August 11, 2009. After receiving a telegram from "NRR," a mysterious figure, Dan and Amy leave for Russia. Upon arrival, another hint from NRR leads them to a credit card and two false passports belonging to their dead parents. Allying with the Holts, Amy and Dan infiltrate a Lucian stronghold. It revealed the next clue, amber.
Book 6: "In Too Deep".
"In Too Deep" is the sixth book in the series, written by Jude Watson, who wrote "Beyond the Grave". It was released November 3, 2009. Dan and Amy head to Sydney, Australia to learn about what their parents knew about the 39 Clues from their dad's cousin, Shepard Trent. They discover that Ian and Natalie's mother, Isabel Kabra, has joined the hunt. Isabel hunts the two down to kill them, but the siblings escape and follow a clue to Krakatau (the ring of fire), where they meet Alistair. Isabel sets fire to their hut. Irina Spasky dies while saving Amy, Dan and Alistair. After the fire, the three look in Irina's bag and find song lyrics, revealing the clue, water. At the end of the book, they suspect that Nellie spies on them for someone else.
Book 7: "The Viper's Nest".
"The Viper's Nest" is the seventh book in the series, written by Peter Lerangis and released February 2, 2010. The morning after the fire that killed Irina Spasky, Dan and Amy discover that Irina's last words are actually a song, which points them to their next destination: Pretoria, South Africa. But before they go they realized that Arthur fake name was a wanted criminal. So they were wanted by the police. They infiltrate a Tomas stronghold, and the Holts chase them. As Dan and Amy leave South Africa, the Kabras capture them. Flying Grace's old plane "The Flying Lemur", the siblings escape with a vial of green liquid. During a quarrel, the vial breaks, and the green liquid, a Kabra poison, spills onto Dan's arm. To save Dan, they fly to Grace Cahill's home in Madagascar, where they find out that the clue is aloe and their parents were Madrigals, an organization Amy and Dan have learned to fear, therefore meaning that they themselves are Madrigals.
Book 8: "The Emperor's Code".
"The Emperor's Code" is the eighth book in the series, written by Gordon Korman. It was released April 6, 2010 Amy and Dan go to China to find the next clue. They split up following an argument but reunite at Mount Everest, where they find a Janus vial left by British Cahill mountaineer, George Mallory. They battle Eisenhower Holt and Ian Kabra over the serum. Ian falls, and Amy sacrifices the Janus serum to save Ian.
When Dan thinks they have lost the clue, Amy shows him the poem on the piece silk fabric they found in Beijing and tells him the next clue is raw silkworm secretion. They also realize that a formula on the silk means that all the serum of the branches add up to one master serum. Dan shows Amy the locket he found at a Shaolin temple, which contains an inscription of the name of the pirate Anne Bonnie. They decide their next destination is the Caribbean.
Book 9: "Storm Warning".
"Storm Warning", by Linda Sue Park, was released May 25, 2010. Amy and Dan continue their hunt in the Bahamas and Jamaica. They distrust Nellie after discovering that she worked for William McIntyre. After that, they head out to the Port Royal excavation site with Lester, Miss Alice's grandson, and find a box Grace donated that can fit the objects they collected: the Ekat dragon necklace, the Lucian snake nose-ring, the Janus Wolf Fang, and the Tomas Bear Claw. However, they cannot open the box, and after a non-Cahill ally dies, the siblings decide to quit the hunt and return to their Aunt Beatrice. However, instead of driving them to the airport, Nellie stops at Moore town, and gives the box to the Man In Black now the man in gray, an ominous figure who has been following Dan and Amy. The Man In gray gives the siblings one hour to open the box. As he walks away, he says that in the game all sides are one and all are needed to survive. After many tries, they figure out that on the strip they found is an unfolded möbius strip. Amy inserts the strip to the final slit and the box springs open. It contains a poem by Madeleine Cahill, and the clue, Mace.
The Man In gray reveals his true identity as Fiske Cahill, Amy and Dan's great-uncle and Grace's younger brother, and tells them about Madeleine Cahill and the Madrigal branch, as well as granting the two active Madrigal status. He then also gives Nellie active Madrigal status even though she is not a Cahill. After reading the poem, Dan concludes the siblings' next stop is England. There, they must finish the clue hunt and stop the other branches from fighting, as per their new status as active Madrigals.
Book 10: "Into The Gauntlet".
"Into The Gauntlet", e penultimate book in the first series, was released August 31, 2010, written by Margaret Peterson Haddix. All the teams arrive at the home of the founder, Gideon Cahill, on an island. Isabel Kabra captures them and forces each of them to reveal their clues by threatening to kill their loved ones. Amy smashes the serum over Isabel's head, knocking her out. Amy and Dan are left with a list of everyone's clues in their hands, which each team gives them, "Because they don't trust themselves around the serum, and the great power it wields."
Book 11: "Vespers Rising".
"Vespers Rising" takes place between the first and second series. It was written by Rick Riordan, Peter Lerangis, Gordon Korman, and Jude Watson. The book was released April 5, 2011. This book has four plot lines. The first describes Gideon's discovery of the master serum and betrayal by his friend and the first Vesper, Damien Vesper. The second recounts Madeline Cahill's life and her attempt to reunite the Cahill family, protect her father's ring, and outwit Damien Vesper in acquiring it. The third tells of Grace's first mission to Casablanca, as she competes against Vesper agent General George S. Patton to retrieve Gideon's gold ring. The fourth describes Amy and Dan's retrieval of Gideon's ring that Grace bequeathed to Amy, while escaping from Casper Wyoming, a Vesper agent who is after it.
Series Two: Cahills vs. Vespers.
Book 1: "The Medusa Plot".
The first book, "The Medusa Plot", is written by Gordon Korman and was released August 30, 2011. Two years after the Clue Hunt, all who succeeded in finding Gideon's serum recipe have become Madrigals. The feud between the Cahill branches has ended, and the family unites to battle a new enemy: the Vespers. The Vespers are a secret organization led by Vesper One. They have been the Cahills' enemies since the time of Gideon Cahill. The Vespers hold seven Cahills hostage to coerce Amy and Dan into retrieving rare artifacts for them.
The book begins when Vespers kidnap seven Cahills. Shortly after, three Vespers attack Dan and Amy on a school bus and try to kidnap them, but Dan and Amy fight them off. Right after the attack, Detective Corelli arrives and takes them home, advising them to hire bodyguards. At the mansion, McIntyre informs them of the kidnappings. As he speaks a helicopter flies over the mansion, once it leaves Dan runs out to open the payload, inside he finds an unmarked phone. Dan turns it on to find a text sent by Vesper One ordering them to go to Florence by the next morning or one of the hostages dies.Vesper One says after they succeed he will release all the hostages.
Sinead, McIntyre and Ian, who has arrived from London, remain in the Cahill Command Center to research the Vespers and the possible whereabouts of the Cahill hostages, while Dan and Amy go to Florence, where a message tells them to steal Caravaggio's "Medusa" in the Uffizi gallery. Jonah Wizard and Hamilton Holt help them steal the picture, but when they give the painting to the Vespers, it is a fake. Vesper One sends them a video of Nellie getting shot in the shoulder.
Amy, Dan, Hamilton and Jonah discover that decades ago, a Mud Angel named Tobin stole the real painting. They steal the painting from him but lose the chargers for the unmarked phone while escaping. When Ian then goes out to look for info on the phone, he runs into Evan, who immediately recognizes it as a DeOssie phone. Ian recognizes the usages of Evan knowledge of technology and invites him to join the Command Center.
Upon further investigation of the painting, the siblings find Latin words on the back of the painting, prompting Dan to ask his friend, Atticus, for help. Atticus then tells Dan to come to the Colosseum, where Dan finds out that the snakes in Caravaggio's Medusa is a map of the Colosseum, with the one spot where two snakes bite each other as the "X". In the tunnels, they found DaVinci's Medusa shield, on which Caravaggio based his picture, and the original copy of Marco Polo's book, "Il Millione" ("The Million"), which the Vespers are looking for. After an argument with the Rosenblooms, the siblings steal the book and flee.
Jonah, Hamilton, Ian and Sinead find the DeOssie factory and sneak in. After searching the whole factory, they find the chargers but not the hostages. On the way out, Hamilton triggers a trap by shaking a vending machine, which blows up the entire factory.
Dan and Amy go to a circus to give Vesper One the real painting. A circus acrobat working for Vesper One steals the painting before a blackout. As everyone leaves the building, Dan and Amy see the acrobat dying on the sidewalk. After asking the acrobat whom she works for, she replies, "Bruciato", or burned, referring to Vesper One's burned arm. Outside the circus, they receive another text message from Vesper One, telling them to go to Lucerne, Switzerland.
Book 2: "A King's Ransom".
"A King's Ransom", written by Jude Watson, was released December 6, 2011. Amy and Dan are wandering in Santa Maria Novella train station in Florence when they come across a girl named Vanessa Mallory, who is Cheyenne Wyoming in disguise, and use her as a distraction to get into the train for Lucerne, Switzerland where Vesper One is sending them for their next mission: find the de Virga map. Once on the train, the siblings realize that they have been tricked, and an Interpol agent named Milos Vanek tries to hunt them down. They escape the train by hiding inside luggage bags and disembark at Enderberg.
They disguise themselves as rich heirs to enter an auction house in Lucerne. They sneak into the office and retrieve the de Virga Map archives written in German. Ian translates it, revealing that four people, Otto Hummer the professor, Jane Sperling the socialite, Marcel Maubert the art dealer, and Reginald Tawnley the person who owned a private library, have something to do with the map. Unfortunately, the report about Amy and Dan's criminal heists have reached the auction house, but they escape by creating diversions.
Later, William McIntyre meets Amy and Dan inside a Blue Sedan, gives them a GPS wrist watch, and drops them off at a safe house in Basel. Sinead and Evan share the information about the four listed in the archives: Maubert and Tawnley died in war, Hummel worked in the Nazi party, and Jane was a Jew whom the Cahills believe tried to protect the de Virga map, which was owned by a Jewish family.
Dan gathers ingredients to create the Master Serum, which he intends to use as backup. Using the information the center gathered, Amy concludes that they have to search Neuschwanstein Castle.
After calling for backup, Jonah and Hamilton both come to Munich on their way to the castle but accidentally pick up Cheyenne Wyoming, who nearly kills them. Amy and Dan find a black notebook owned by Sparrow, a.k.a. Jane Sperling at the castle. Inside is a note that leads to the de Virga map. By another stroke of bad luck, Casper bumps into them and almost kills them, but Jonah and Hamilton rescue them.
Analysis comes from the Command Center about the notes: they are about a Johannes Kepler book that was recovered from the castle to the Library of Philosophy and Cosmology in Prague, Czech Republic. They head there to investigate the book but cannot do so without a reference. They try to use Rosenbloom's father but fails. At the hotel, they again escape from Milos Vanek.
After going to Sedlec Ossuary on a hunch from the Command Center, they discover a flash drive file about a Vesper One report and the initials AJT, Arthur Josiah Trent, carved on the wall, which shocks Dan because Arthur was their father. They then call Erasmus, who answers all their questions about Arthur. He explains how Arthur was initiated into the Vespers but later cut off all ties with them. Afterwards, Ian calls to tell Amy that a Lucian professor has agreed to help Dan and Amy enter the Library of Philosophy.
After going to the library, they bump into Jake and Atticus outside. Although Jake is originally inclined to call the Interpol, Atticus urges him to wait upon seeing the picture of Jane Sperling, who is his great grandmother. Atticus and Jake both decide to help the siblings. Inside, Katja Mavel, the director of the library, gives them what they want. Jake succeed in luring her away, and that leaves Dan, Amy, and Atticus. They finally find the map inside the book itself.
In Rome, a Vesper dressed like a waiter kills William, who leaves a secret message in his shoe before he dies.
Back in Prague, Amy and Dan tell Atticus what they are doing, and Atticus reveals his involvement as a Guardian. The siblings have never heard of the group. Dan connects "Il Milione" and the map to Samarkand, Uzbekistan - their next destination. Vesper One asks them to drop off the package at the Astronomical Tower, near the statue of Jan Hus. They do what is asked, but it goes wrong. Atticus follows them and is kidnapped.
Vesper One now knows Dan and Amy have been hiding Marco Polo's epilogue all this time and explains that Atticus was the price of keeping it from him. Minutes later, another message is sent to Dan's phone, apparently from AJT.
Book 3: "The Dead of Night".
The third book, "The Dead of Night", is written by Peter Lerangis and was released March 6, 2012. The Vespers have Atticus Rosenbloom, Dan's only friend. Unless Dan and Amy comply with the Vespers' demands, Atticus will die. Vesper One asks Amy and Dan to find a stale orb, which the siblings discover is an anagram for astrolabe. They fly to Samarkand, Uzbekistan to find the astrolabe and deliver it to Vesper One. Atticus escapes, and Dan suspects his father murdered William McIntyre and is Vesper One. Ian goes off alone to New York, suspecting Isabel to be Vesper One, and Isabel manipulates him into staying by saying that the other Cahills are not his friends and only tolerate him. The hostages are rumored to be in Argentina because of a lizard Nellie holds in a photo.
Dan has gathered seventeen ingredients of the thirty-nine for his own master serum. Amy worries that Dan is growing up too fast. Dan has also been receiving texts from a Vesper claiming to be his father, so he texts back a question to confirm this and is shocked that the answer is correct. The book reveals Vesper 4 to be weatherman Sandy Bancroft.
Book 4: "Shatterproof".
"Shatterproof", written by Roland Smith, was released September 4, 2012. Among Interpol's most wanted, Amy and Dan must comply with Vesper One's demands to steal the Golden Jubilee diamond displayed at Berlin's Pergamon Museum to keep Vesper One from killing a Cahill. The Diamond is too well protected, and they escape from security. Vesper One reveals that they were merely a distraction, and he has the things he needs. He tells them to find the "Apology", a Roman article written by a soldier who apologizes for attacking the Africans. Jonah, Hamilton, and Erasmus work on tracking down Luna Amato, so she can tell them the reasons and people behind William McIntyre's murder. Luna kills Erasmus, but Jonah kills her. The hostages try to escape, but the Vespers stop them. Phoenix falls off a cliff but survives. Before they escape, Casper and Cheyenne inform Amy and Dan of Phoenix's supposed death. Vesper Three is revealed to be Sinead Starling, who frames Ian.
Book 5: "Trust No One".
"Trust No One" is by Linda Sue Park, the author of "Storm Warning" and was released December 4, 2012. The novel features Isabel and takes place in Brazil. Vesper One tells Amy and Dan to go to Yale and steal the Voynich Manuscript, Folio 74. Evan finds out Sinead is Vesper Three, but she has already left. She blocks Evan's messages, but Amy finds out and the two fight each other. Sinead pulls out a tiny gun and shoots, but the bullet only grazes Amy's neck. When Jake arrives, Sinead flees.
Amy then apologizes to Ian. They head off to Yale and find Dr. James, the Rosenblooms' mother's friend. They find that the folio is missing.
After meeting Dave Speminer (another friend of Rosenblooms' mother, Astrid), Atticus remember something that his mom said to him before dying: Missing Voynich with LaCher. After Dave leaves, Vesper One streams a live video of Nellie, telling them of Alistair's death. They check Astrid Rosenbloom's e-mail for any clues about the folio's location and find a coded email to Astrid which directs them to the Iguazu Falls in Brazil. During a capoeira performance, a capoeirista "accidentally" injures Atticus. At the Falls, a second attack occurs, and a blow dart coated with curare meant to hit Atticus hits Dan instead. A doctor nearby saves Dan from the poison. They realize Isabel Kabra orchestrated the attacks, and that there will be one more, when Amy remembers that the capoeirista told her: Um, dois, tres (One, two, three in Portuguese), and Amor to the littlest, from Isabel.
A taxi driver takes them to Mabu Thermas Hotel and Spa and sees Dan's new wallpaper on his laptop, one of the "plumbing pictures" in the Voynich. At the spa, they meet LaCher Siffright who has Folio 74. They meet for lunch at the hotel, where LaCher protects Atticus from the third attack: a man acting as a waiter who threw a knife and a skewer at Atticus. LaCher took the knife to her neck and was taken to a hospital. She tells Dan "You know... You know," before fainting. They find the folio and realize that Archimedes plays a part in the Vespers' master plan. They suspect Isabel to be Vesper One and ask Hamilton and Jonah to find out more about Archimedes at Syracuse. Before Dan and Amy go to the drop off, a video on the DeOssie phone shows a gun at Nellie's temple and the trigger twitching, before being abruptly cut off. Amy is tricked into giving Vesper One the Madrigal ring or Gideon's ring, which Grace entrusted her with. Dan and Amy drop off the folio at Strawberry Fields, together with the last item Vesper One wanted, Gideon's Ring.
After that, they found out the Vespers' master plan: The Vespers wanted to use the things they stole - the Astrolabe, the Book of Ingenious Devices, the "Apology", strong electromagnets, a replica of the Antikythera Mechanism, an armillary sphere (The Marco Polo Heist), Magellan's gear (The Magellan Heist) and Gideon's Ring - to build the Machina Fini Mundi, a doomsday device using the electromagnets on subduction zones to create natural disasters like earthquakes, tsunamis and volcanic eruptions. Traumatized, Amy hides in her own mind, blocking out the real world. Dan decides that the team should go to Attleboro and Evan, having been contacted by Dan, says he wanted to talk to Amy, but Dan tells him that she is in no condition to do so.
Dan realizes that to combat a doomsday device he would need the serum which he had recently created without Amy's or the Rosenblooms' knowledge. Dan drinks an unknown liquid an Ekaterina scientist at the Columbia Chemistry Laboratory manufactures.
Book 6: "Day of Doom".
The final book is by David Baldacci and was released March 5, 2013. Continuing from the last chapter of "Trust No One", Dan drinks the "serum" that he made with the help of an Ekaterina scientist. Amy had known that Dan was creating the serum and replaced the real serum with a mixture of vegetables. Dan angrily says that he was willing to die to save the world. Amy tells Dan that Isabel Kabra is Vesper Two, not Vesper One, and that they hacked into her flight plans and found out that Isabel is flying to Washington D.C.
Following a clue from Atticus' mother, Amy and Dan go to the National Museum of Natural History, which houses the largest collection of Lewis and Clark items. On the train, Vesper One sends them a video of the hostages. Atticus realizes that Ted is blinking Morse code and decodes the message: Riley McGrath is Vesper One. At the museum, they find out that Isabel wanted to see Lewis and Clark's compass. Dr. Nancy Gwinn, a Lewis and Clark expert, takes the four to see the Lewis and Clark compass. Upon examining it, Dan realizes numbers and letters are scratched onto the back. When they exit the museum, Isabel and her men arrive. They split up, and Amy chases after Isabel. Isabel tricks and shoots her, but Dan saves Amy.
Evan and Ian receive a call from Phoenix from a motel in Washington state and head there with Hamilton and Jonah, whom Sandy, Casper, and Cheyenne follow. Disguised as a waitress, Cheyenne walks up and forces them into the back of a van, taking them to the Rocky Mountains. Casper takes Ian out of the truck and takes him to video chat with his mom. Isabel asks Ian to kill one of the hostages by claiming that she was poisoned while visiting Vikram and she is dying. Ian pretends to believe her. While doing Isabel a favor by meeting his sister, Vesper One asks what is Ian doing here. Ian feeds him lies about Isabel, Sandy, Casper, and Cheyenne plotting against him. Vesper One believes him, and as a "favor", gives Ian a choice to kill Fiske, Ted or Natalie. Ian stalls for time, saying that he has not made up his mind.
Dan decides to take a train to the Cascade Mountain Range, where they believe the hostages and the Machina Fini Mundi are. During the night, Atticus grows suspicious of Dave, who was in the perfect position to kill his mother. He finds out that Dave Speminer is an anagram of Damien Vesper, the founder of the Vespers, who somehow stayed alive for over 500 years. Dan finds out that Isabel had been posing as his father and sending the text messages. Isabel kidnaps Atticus, steals the serum that is in Dan's bag, stops the train, and escapes. Amy, wearing the night vision goggles she takes from one of Isabel's men, discovers that Isabel has modified the coordinates etched on the compass's reverse. The location of the hostages and the Machina Fini Mundi turn out to be on the Rocky Mountains, where the train stopped.
The Vespers move the hostages, Ian, Evan, Jonah, and Hamilton from the Cascades to the Rockies. En route, the hostages break free and incapacitate Sandy, Casper, and Cheyenne and meet up with Amy, Dan, Atticus, and Jake. They find the Machina Fini Mundi and battle the Vespers. The Vespers fatally shoot Evan, while the device electrocutes Natalie. The remaining Cahills decide to protect the Machina Fini Mundi from Vesper One.
Amy turns the Machina Fini Mundi into a giant electromagnet. When the Vespers come, the device disarms and electrocutes them. Sandy and Damien arrive and hand out stone weapons. Isabel, seeking revenge for her children and having drunk Dan's serum, arrives and tries to stop Damien from inserting the final piece. The device activates, but Isabel destroys it. Damien melts into the device, causing a malfunction and explosion, which kills Damien and Isabel Kabra. A falling rock knocks Amy unconscious, Jake carries her out, and she wakes up after seven days. She, Sinead, and Dan then discuss how they would return to their normal lives.
Series Three: Unstoppable.
The third series, Unstoppable, was revealed in "Publishers Weekly" on October 25, 2012. Jude Watson wrote the story arc for this series. "Nowhere to Run", the first book in the series, was released October 1, 2013. The 2nd book, called "Breakaway" will be released in January 2014.
Book 1: "Nowhere to Run".
J. Rutherford Pierce, a presidential candidate, attacks Amy and Dan and steals the serum to conquer not only U.S.A., but also the entire World. When the Cahills question Pierce on why he attacked them, he refuses to answer. Amy and Dan go to Troy and Zurich to find an ingredient of the antidote for the serum. Pierce kidnaps Sammy Mourad, a Lucian-Ekaterina Student who made the Serum with Dan in Trust No One. Nellie disguises as a chemist to be hired by Pierce and rescue Sammy. Amy and Dan find six whiskers of an Anatolian leopard as the first ingredient of the antidote.
Book 2: "Breakaway".
Dan and Amy are facing their greatest threat yet, an enemy who has found a way to use the source of the Cahill family power against them. To stop him, Dan and Amy must set out on a desperate mission that will take them from one of the world's hottest regions all the way to the frozen blast of the Arctic Circle. But with the enemy closing in, Dan finds himself facing the one terror he never imagined - being betrayed by his own sister.
Book 3: "Countdown".
Amy and Dan go to new extremes in their attempt to stop Pierce. With Dan's life on the line, Amy does the unthinkable—something that sends shockwaves through the Cahill world. Will she live long enough to regret it? Or will she die before then?
Book 4: "Flashpoint".
Tick tock. Sixteen-year-old Amy Cahill only has a few days to live. There’s a poison coursing through her, and her only chance is to collect ingredients for an antidote. Too bad the antidote ingredients are scattered around the world. And too bad that survival is by far Amy’s smallest problem. The antidote she needs is also the only thing capable of stopping a deadly enemy. J. Rutherford Pierce is on the brink of becoming the most powerful man in the world, and if he does, no one will be safe. Amy and her younger brother, Dan, will do everything it takes to bring Pierce down. Even if Amy must pay the ultimate price.
Supplementary Works.
Scholastic has expanded the 39 Clues universe with several books. In 2010, Scholastic published "Agent Handbook", which explores the techniques that the clue hunters in the series use to find clues, and "The Black Book of Buried Secrets", which provides more information about events in the series. On the last week of December 2011, the Scholastic editorial team released seven short stories as part of "The 39 Clues: Rapid Fire" e-book series. The editorial team has also released The Cahill Files, which includes "Operation Trinity", "Spymasters", and four e-books. As part of the multimedia interactive experience to promote the series, Scholastic includes six cards in each book of the 39 Clues series. Each card unlocks one online clue, which readers can unlock by entering the code on the cards on their 39 Clues account online.
Themes.
The "39 Clues" series consists of adventure novels; however, the novels also fall within the genre of historical fiction. The stories switch back and forth between different characters' points of view. Each novel focuses on one historical figure and geographical location as Dan and Amy explore a clue related to a prominent Cahill family member in an exotic location.
One theme of the series is the relationship between talent and success. Each branch of the Cahill family has specific talents in a certain area; for example, the Ekaterina branch specializes in inventions and technology. Amy and Dan's competitors' talents give them an advantage, yet Amy and Dan consistently are ahead in the hunt and are viewed as the main threats. Over the course of the books, Amy and Dan discover their own talents.
Origins.
An editorial team in Scholastic came up with idea of an interactive series with online games and asked Rick Riordan to write the first book. Riordan agreed because he thought it was a good idea, and as a middle school teacher, he loved making history enjoyable for younger readers. The project was kept secret for about two years.
Reception.
Awards.
As of June 11, 2010, "The 39 Clues" series has been on the "New York Times" bestseller list of Children's Series books for 48 weeks. Books in the series have also appeared on the "USA Today", "Publishers Weekly", and "Wall Street Journal" bestseller lists.
Critical reception.
Critical reception of the 39 Clues has been mostly positive. The first book was met with positive reviews and spawned optimism for the rest of the series. The books have been very popular among kids.
Film.
Steven Spielberg acquired film rights to the series in June 2008. Spielberg and Scholastic Media president Deborah Forte will produce the series, while Brett Ratner expressed interest in directing the first film. Screenwriter Jeff Nathanson was hired to write the script in September 2008. In May 2012, Shawn Levy, the director of the "Night at the Museum" movies, acquired the rights to direct the movie. The movie, "The 39 Clues: The Movie", is set to be released in mid September 2014. The movie rights were taken by Universal, in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19117027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117027" title="Triumph Legend 964cc">
Triumph Legend 964cc

The Triumph Legend 964 cc is British motorcycle developed by Les Williams, the former Triumph racing manager, the 'Legend' models were specials, each made after the demise of Triumph at Meriden from parts to specific customer requirements and based on the T160V Triumph Trident three cylinder engine with five speed gearbox and electric start. Braking was uprated with a Lockheed hydraulic system: twin discs at the front and single rear.
Many were carefully tuned for maximum performance and between 1984 and 1992 a total of sixty Triumph Legends were built - although Les Williams received hundreds of orders following articles in Classic Bike (UK) and Cycle World (USA).
The Triumph Legend name was later resurrected by the Triumph Motorcycles Ltd Hinckley factory for a version of the three cylinder 900 cc.

</doc>
<doc id="19117035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117035" title="Manbu">
Manbu

Manbu is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,414 and had 1094 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19117042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117042" title="Masel">
Masel

Masel is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,025 and had 792 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19117044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117044" title="Muchhok">
Muchhok

Muchhok is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,663 and had 727 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19117049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117049" title="Stuart Fleming">
Stuart Fleming

Stuart A. Fleming (born 9 June 1920 at Vernon, British Columbia) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a wholesaler by career.
He was first elected at the Okanagan—Revelstoke riding in the 1958 general election after an unsuccessful attempt to win that riding in 1957. Fleming was re-elected in 1962 and 1963. After completing his final term, the 26th Canadian Parliament, in 1965, Fleming left Parliament and did not campaign in further federal elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19117056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117056" title="Namjung">
Namjung

Namjung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,370 and had 627 houses in the town.
Namjung is situated in the southeast part of the district in between Fujel khola and Baikhola in southern and northern part and Budhi Gandaki in eastern part. Which is extended from 500 masl to 2500 masl. The mid hill VDC which is near around 165 km far from Kathmandu if you will use the way of Gorkha Bazaar, but there is another way Kathmandu-Benighat- Namjung which is around 120 km far from Kathmandu. The concrete motorable bridge is being constructed in Benighat. After building of this bridge, it will increase the economic activities of eastern and southern as well as northern part of Gorkhas' people. There is another motorable bridge is constructing in Bunkot Ghat. There is going to be constructed a big hydro power in Budhi Gandaki river, which also affects the lower belt, Majhitar and Dhatuwatar. This hydro power has 650 MW which is higher than all total hydro power which has constructed in Nepal till the time. Whose catchment area will be 10 times larger than the Fewa lake.
The main pleces of the Namjung are Majhitar, Dhatuwatar, Gangatetar, Ratmate, Satdobate, Dhuseni, Rambhanjyang, Chhapgaun, Khadkagaun, Chautara Danda, Khanidanda, Pokhari, Gurungung Gaun, Seprak, Danda Gaun, Hukkaban, Gairhi Gaun, Archale. 
The main population of Namjung are Brahmin followed by Chetri, Newar, Gurung, Kami, Damai, Baram and Magars. There are four primary schools and one High school. The VDC is connected with District headquarter Gorkha Bazaar with unpaved motorable road. There is also facility of electricity, telephone. 
The main occupation of Namjung's people is agriculture, they produce rice as main crop in low land and uplnad in rainy season. Maize is the another main crop and Finger Millet as third one. The current agriculture is subsistence type but some of farmers have commercial one. They produce seasonal vegetable, fruits and sugarcane.
Namjung has good rainforest in the lower part or in the foothills of mountains covered with Sal trees("Sorea robusta"), Chilaune trees( "Schima walichii"), Saaj, Kadam ("Anthesephaloes kadamba") etc.
In the foothill of mountain, it has plain land called Majhitar, Dhatuwatar and Gangatetar. Thease places have large terraces.

</doc>
<doc id="19117062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117062" title="Nareshwor">
Nareshwor

Nareshwor is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,309 and had 867 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19117071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117071" title="Palumtar">
Palumtar

Palumtar is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,982 and had 1358 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19117072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117072" title="Pure as a Lily">
Pure as a Lily

Pure as a Lily () is a 1976 comedy film directed by Franco Rossi and starring Vittorio Gassman.

</doc>
<doc id="19117081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117081" title="John J. Robinson">
John J. Robinson

John J. Robinson (c.1918-1996) was an American author and historian, best known as the author of "Born in Blood: The Lost Secrets of Freemasonry", which was originally intended as a book about the Peasants' Revolt of 1381, but instead traced the fall of the Knights Templar, which he connected to the rise of Freemasonry. As a result of his research for this book, he became more interested in Freemasonry and subsequently wrote "A Pilgrim's Path: Freemasonry and the Religious Right". He is also credited as being the "founding visionary" of the Masonic Information Center run by the Masonic Service Association of North America. He was a member of the Medieval Academy of America, The Organization of American Historians, and the Royal Over-Seas League of London.
"Born in Blood".
Robinson's first work, "Born in Blood", traced the connections of the Knights templar and the Freemasons. It is considered an important work, but its initial reception was very poor: Robinson relates in the preface to "A Pilgrim's Path" that "not even one newspaper in the United States saw fit to review a book that had the word "Freemasonry" in the title." There was, however, great demand from libraries, which in turn led to positive reviews in "Publishers Weekly" and "Kirkus Reviews".

</doc>
<doc id="19117084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117084" title="Panchkhuwadeurali">
Panchkhuwadeurali

Panchkhuwadeurali is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,422.

</doc>
<doc id="19117097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117097" title="Takumajhalakuribot">
Takumajhalakuribot

Takumajhalakuribot is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,740.

</doc>
<doc id="19117099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117099" title="Dhakoli">
Dhakoli

Dhakoli is a town (suburbs of chandigarh Tricity) in the municipality of Zirakpur, Mohali District, Punjab, India(also old village Dhakuli ). It was incorporated in the municipality in 1999.
The town contains many hotels, Banquet Halls and planned colonies.
Gurdwara Baoli Sahib.
Gurdwara Baoli Sahib is situated in the Dhakoli Village, Zirakpur in Mohali Distt. Shri Guru Gobind Singh after winning Battle of Bhagani from Paonta Sahib on the way to Shri Anandpur Sahib, via Rani ka Raipur, Guru Ji reached on outskirts of vill dhakoli. As this village was laid down by Bhai Gurditta, elder son of Guru Hargobind, there were lots of sikh followers in the village.
On hearing the news of Guru sahib's arrival Chaudary Ishar Das resident of village along with other followers reached to take Guru sahib's blessing. Guru sahib asked for welfare of village and area. Chaudary Ishar das with folded hands asked that there was no water in village and people have to go to Sukhna river to fetch water for their livelihood. Guru sahib was holding Barchaa in his hand. Hearing this problem Guru sahib Started searching in the area and at particular place inserted his barcha in the soil and immediately sweet and clean water started flowing from earth. Looking at this every one was very happy and bowed before Guru sahib. Guru sahib gave money from his own to Chaudary to construct the place permanently and also told him that this place will be known ans Baoli Sahib.
References.
Guru Govind Singh Sr. Secondary Public School, 17 Shakti enclave Dhakoli
Founder of the School : Late Mrs. Anita Tiwari
Computer lab, Science Lab, Transportation facility, Good Education.
Director: Er. Miss Deepansha Tiwari
Co-ordinator : Mrs. Sangeeta Arora 9872037081

</doc>
<doc id="19117101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117101" title="Self Titled or Scoop Du Jour">
Self Titled or Scoop Du Jour

Self Titled or Scoop Du Jour is the third full length album released by the American three piece band Whirlwind Heat.

</doc>
<doc id="19117110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117110" title="Red Location Museum">
Red Location Museum

The Red Location Museum is an Apartheid museum in New Brighton township of Port Elizabeth, South Africa. It was designed by South African architectural partnership Noero Wolff Architects and has won a number of prestigious international architecture awards, such as the RIBA's Lubetkin Award. It was opened in 2005.
The Red Location Museum challenges the traditional role of museums as representing a single or hegemonic perspective of history. Instead, the floor space contains various "memory boxes", each one exhibiting the life story or perspective of people or groups who fought against the Apartheid regime. There is no clear hierarchy to the arrangement of these boxes, and visitors are free to walk between and into them in whichever order they wish. The site of Red Location was important in the history of the Struggle: the first Umkhonto we Sizwe branch in South Africa was started in the township, and it was also the site of the first Defiance Campaign arrests. The museum pays homage to the area in various ways. The towering memory boxes are clad in the same rusted corrugated metal sheets as the surrounding shacks of the shantytown (which give Red Location its name), and the overall form of the museum resembles that of a factory. This is a reference to the workers' unions and industrial unrest which was instrumental in bringing down the Apartheid government.
The museum is open to the public, and houses exhibition space, an art gallery, restaurant and auditorium.
References.
http://www.freewebs.com/redlocationmuseum
http://www.noerowolff.com

</doc>
<doc id="19117114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117114" title="Wu Yee Sun College">
Wu Yee Sun College

Wu Yee Sun College (Chinese: 伍宜孫書院) is one of the five new colleges of Chinese University of Hong Kong.
History.
The college was established in 2007 with support from the Wu Yee Sun Charitable Foundation. The first cohort of 300 students began study in 2012. The school will eventually accommodate around 1200 students.
College Motto and Mission.
The College motto is 'Scholarship and Perseverance'. In the College's intimate and dynamic learning atmosphere, students will develop the drive for social entrepreneurship: a passion for creativity and innovation, and acumen in pursuing new projects and ideas, not just for personal gain but for the common good. 'Entrepreneurial Spirit with Social Responsibility' is a central focus at the College. Through its diverse programmes of general education, college student life, and cultural and overseas exchanges, the College aims to broaden students' horizons (scholarship), and encourage them to forge ahead (perseverance) in making contributions to the society and leading a productive and rewarding life.

</doc>
<doc id="19117144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117144" title="Lee Woo Sing College">
Lee Woo Sing College

Lee Woo Sing College (Chinese: 和聲書院) is one of the new colleges of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. It was founded by university council in 2007 and admitted its first class of students in 2011. The naming of the college is made possible by a HK$150 million donation and is named after entrepreneur Lee Woo Sing. 
Site.
It is located to the northwest of the existing United College.
System.
The arrangement will be similar to that of the four existing colleges in The Chinese University of Hong Kong, i.e. students can be both residents and non-residents. It is estimated that it will accommodate 600 of each.

</doc>
<doc id="19117145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117145" title="Joseph Slogan">
Joseph Slogan

Joseph "Joe" Slogan (born 15 February 1931 at Windsor, Ontario) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was a dentist by career.
He was first elected at Manitoba's Springfield riding in the 1958 general election after an unsuccessful attempt to win the riding in 1953. Slogan was re-elected there in 1962 and 1963, then defeated in the 1965 election by Edward Schreyer of the New Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19117149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117149" title="Stewart Peak">
Stewart Peak

Stewart Peak may refer to:
See also: Mount Stewart (disambiguation)

</doc>
<doc id="19117151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117151" title="Pandrung">
Pandrung

Pandrung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,803 and had 538 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19117163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117163" title="Utp (album)">
Utp (album)

utp_ is the third LP collaboration between Alva Noto and Ryuichi Sakamoto. Ensemble Modern is featured on the CD as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19117164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117164" title="HMG-box">
HMG-box

The HMG-box (High Mobility Group box) is a protein domain which is involved in DNA binding.
Structure.
The structure of the HMG-box domain contains three alpha helices separated by loops (see figure to the right).
Function.
HMG-box containing proteins only bind non-B-type DNA conformations (kinked or unwound) with high affinity. HMG-box domains are found in high mobility group proteins, which are involved in the regulation of DNA-dependent processes such as transcription, replication, and DNA repair, all of which require changing the conformation of chromatin.

</doc>
<doc id="19117165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117165" title="Prok, Nepal">
Prok, Nepal

Prok is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 739 and had 219 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19117172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117172" title="K-equivalence">
K-equivalence

In mathematics, formula_1-equivalence, or contact equivalence, is an equivalence relation between map germs. It was introduced by John Mather in his seminal work in Singularity theory in the 1970s as a technical tool for studying stable maps. Since then it has proved important in its own right. Roughly speaking, two map germs "ƒ", "g" are formula_2-equivalent if "ƒ"−1(0) and "g"−1(0) are diffeomorphic. 
Definition.
Two map germs formula_3 are formula_2-equivalent if there is a diffeomorphism 
of the form Ψ(x,y) = (φ(x),ψ(x,y)), satisfying,
In other words, Ψ maps the graph of "f" to the graph of "g", as well as the graph of the zero map to itself. In particular, the diffeomorphism φ maps "f"−1(0) to "g"−1(0). The name "contact" is explained by the fact that this equivalence is measuring the contact between the graph of "f" and the graph of the zero map.
Contact equivalence is the appropriate equivalence relation for studying the sets of solution of equations, and finds many applications in dynamical systems and bifurcation theory, for example. 
It is easy to see that this equivalence relation is "weaker" than A-equivalence, in that any pair of formula_8-equivalent map germs are necessarily formula_2-equivalent.
KV-equivalence.
This modification of formula_2-equivalence was introduced by James Damon in the 1980s. Here "V" is a subset (or subvariety) of "Y", and the diffeomorphism Ψ above is required to preserve not formula_11 but formula_12 (that is, formula_13). In particular, Ψ maps "f"−1(V) to "g"−1(V).

</doc>
<doc id="19117175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117175" title="Ranishwara">
Ranishwara

Ranishwara is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,993 and had 580 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19117180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117180" title="Chess tournament">
Chess tournament

A chess tournament is a series of chess games played competitively to determine a winning individual or team. Since the first international chess tournament in London, 1851, chess tournaments have become the standard form of chess competition among serious players.
Today, the most recognized chess tournaments for individual competition include the Linares chess tournament and the Tata Steel chess tournament. The largest team chess tournament is the Chess Olympiad, in which players compete for their country's team in the same fashion as the Olympic Games. Since the 1950s, chess computers have even begun entering the tournament scene.
Most chess tournaments are organized and ruled according to the World Chess Federation (FIDE) handbook, which offers guidelines and regulations for conducting tournaments. Chess tournaments are mainly held in either round-robin style, Swiss system style or elimination style to determine a winning party.
History.
Although modern chess had been established since around 1475, the first tournament (in the sense of structured competitions) was in Leeds in 1841. There was a knockout tournament in London in 1849 and a tournament in Amsterdam in 1851. The first international chess tournament was held in London in 1851. The London 1851 tournament took place during The Great Exhibition, and would serve as a guide for future international chess tournaments that would follow it. The tournament not only showed the need for time controls but it also clearly demonstrated the drawbacks to the knockout elimination tournament format. It was won by Adolf Anderssen of Germany, who became regarded as the world's best chess player as a result.
The number of international chess tournaments increased rapidly afterwards. By the end of the 1850s, chess tournaments had been held in Berlin, Paris, Manchester, New York, San Francisco, Birmingham, and Vienna. By the end of World War II there were 24 international chess tournaments per year, and by 1990 there were well over a thousand.
Chess Olympiads.
An attempt was made in 1924 to include chess in the Olympic Games. However, because it was very difficult to distinguish between amateur and professional chess players, the event was called off. While the 1924 Summer Olympics was taking place in Paris, the 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad took place separately from the Olympics, but also in Paris. The Fédération Internationale des Échecs (FIDE) was formed on the closing day of the first unofficial Chess Olympiad. FIDE organized the first official Chess Olympiad in 1927 in which there were 16 participating countries. By the 29th Chess Olympiad in 1990, there were 127 member countries. The Chess Olympiads were held at irregular intervals by FIDE until 1950; since then, they have been held regularly every two years.
Computers in chess tournaments.
The first chess engine (a chess playing computer program) to beat a person in tournament play was the Mac Hack Six, in 1967. Soon after, tournaments were created just for chess computers. In 1970, the first North American Computer Chess Championship (NACCC) was held in New York City, and in 1974, the first World Computer Chess Championship (WCCC) was held in Stockholm. Kaissa, a chess program of the Soviet Union was named the world's first computer chess champion. In 1995, the first World Computer Speed Chess Championship was held in Paderborn, Germany for blitz chess. Top commercial programs such as Shredder or Fritz have even surpassed world champion players at short time controls.
Rybka has won every World Computer Chess Championship since 2007. It was later found to have plagiarized other programs and had its titles revoked. Other champion level programs include Fritz, HIARCS, Junior, Shredder, and Zappa.
Rules.
FIDE tournaments are held according to the FIDE handbook rules, which is used as a basic guide for many chess tournaments. The handbook contains nine articles dealing with chess competitions.
The chess clock.
A chess clock is a clock with two separate time displays of which only one display can be running at a time. The player with the black pieces will initiate their opponent's timer at the start of the game. Thus the player with the white pieces will have their timer running first, and will make the first move. The player or the arbiter may end the game at any time after the player's opponent has oversteped their time limit. If a timed out clock remains unnoticed, the game will continue as normal. If the game needs to be interrupted, the arbiter shall stop the clock.
Irregularities.
If it is found that the starting position of the pieces is incorrect, the game must be cancelled and restarted. If it is found that an illegal move has been made, the game must return to the position directly before the irregularity. For the first two illegal moves by a player, the arbiter shall give two minutes extra time to his opponent each time. If a player is to make a third illegal move in the same game, the arbiter can declare the game lost by the offending player. If a game begins with the piece colors reversed, the game should be stopped and restarted unless an arbiter rules otherwise. If a player displaces any pieces, they should place them in the correct locations on their own time.
The recording of moves.
In games with long time controls, each player is required to record all moves of the game in algebraic chess notation. However, if a player reaches less than five minutes on their clock, and does not have a time delay of thirty seconds or more, they are excused from recording the remaining game moves until the game has been completed. At the conclusion of the game, both players must sign each other's scoresheets and turn them to the event organizers if instructed to do so. In fast chess games, players are not required to record moves, as it would take away from important thinking time. The scoresheets must be visible to the arbiter at all times. Each player must be familiar with the following chess abbreviations:
The drawn game.
A player must make their own move before offering a draw, and must not stop their own clock and start their opponent's clock before they have made the offer. No conditions may be attached to a draw offer. If a player claims a draw according to the rules of chess, the player is allowed to stop both clocks and record the draw claim as long as his or her opponent agrees to the claim. If the opponent disputes the draw claim the director may be called to come to a conclusion. If the claim is found to be correct, the game is drawn. Once a player has made a move from a position eligible for a draw, they lose their rights to claim a draw on that position.
Quickplay finish.
The quickplay finish is the phase of the game when all remaining moves must be made in a limited time. If a player has two minutes or less left on their clock, they may ask the arbiter to adjudicate a draw. The arbiter must decide if the player's opponent is making any attempt to win the game by normal means, or if the position can be won in any way. If the arbiter decides against a draw, the player's opponent will be awarded two extra minutes of time. Otherwise, the game is drawn, and the decision of the arbiter is final.
Scoring.
Players are granted one point (1) for a win, a half (½) point for a draw, and no points (0) for a loss toward their tournament score, unless otherwise stated by the tournament director beforehand. Full-point byes are received when a player is excluded from a round because of an extra player. Thus, in tournaments with an odd number of players, a different player will receive a full-point each round. A full-point bye is equal in points to a normal win. Half-point byes can be requested by a player who will be unavailable for a round. If accepted, the player will receive a half-point, as if they had drawn the game. A player who wins by forfeit or default will also be granted one point. Players may use the following format to record the game score:
Player conduct.
Players are not allowed to take any action that will bring the game into disrepute. For example, deliberate attempts at cheating by sneaking a captured piece back on to the board can be punished by this rule, rather than the rules dealing with illegal moves.
Players can not make any use of any outside information. This includes advice, notes, and analysis of another chess board. Electronic devices are not to be used in the tournament area unless approved by the arbiter. If a player's mobile phone rings during play, they may immediately forfeit the game. Chess scoresheets may be used for recording matters relevant to the game. Players should not distract or annoy their competitor in any way. Once a player has finished their game, they are considered a spectator. Refusal of a player to comply with the rules may result in penalty, up to and including forfeiture of the game or even disqualification of the player. If two opponents both refuse to obey the rules, the game may be considered lost by both players. In 1976, smoking was banned in a major tournament for the first time (the National Open, Las Vegas).
The role of the arbiter.
The arbiter's job is to see that the Laws of Chess are observed and make decisions in the best interest of the competition, but must not interfere with the game otherwise. If a rule is broken, the arbiter may choose from a number of penalties including the following:
The arbiter may also expel offending spectators from the venue. Spectators are also forbidden to use mobile phones at any time in the playing area, and may be expelled for it. Member federations are allowed to ask FIDE authorities to give an official decision about problems relating to the Laws of Chess.
Formats.
Most chess tournaments are held in either round-robin style, Swiss system style or single-elimination style.
Systems.
Round-robin.
In round-robin tournaments, each participant plays every other participant an equal number of times. Round-robin tournaments involving four participants are known as quads. Round-robin tournaments are often used for small groups because the element of luck is reduced when every player plays everyone else. Rating categories are sometimes used to separate players of different levels into different round-robin groups. The World Chess Federation, the Australian Chess Federation, and the United States Chess Federation all use different categorization scales to distinguish player ability. Similar to the Round-robin style is the Scheveningen system. The Scheveningen system is often used to face two chess teams against each other, where each player on one team plays each player on the other team.
Swiss system.
A tournament that has too many participants for a round-robin is commonly conducted as a Swiss system tournament. In the Swiss style, players are paired with opponents who have done equally well. For example, players with six points will play other players with six points (if possible), so that the player with the most points at the end of the tournament is the winner. Pairing players for Swiss system tournaments is often quite complicated, so tournament organizers commonly use a computer to pair players. 
Elimination.
Single-elimination style or knock-out style are also sometimes used for chess tournaments. In fact, the first international chess tournament was held in single-elimination style. In single-elimination tournaments, the loser of a game is immediately eliminated from winning the first prize. In most single-elimination chess tournaments there is a backdraw for players to compete for positions other than first. Players are normally given seeds based on their rating in order to prevent the highest ranked players from facing each other early in the competition. Double-elimination tournaments work in the same way as single-elimination tournaments except that a player loses eligibility to take first prize after two losses.
Handicap inclusivity.
The physically handicapped are often welcomed to compete in chess tournaments. Although the Blind Chess Olympiad is the most significant chess event for the blind and visually impaired, players in either group can participate at most standard tournaments including international ones. In some cases, specially designed chess boards with raised squares and pegs are used to aid the visually handicapped, while a tournament assistant can be used to help players with other physical handicaps.
Tournament categories.
FIDE classifies tournaments according to the average Elo rating of the participants. The starting category for master-level tournaments is category I, which applies to a tournament whose participants have an average Elo rating from 2251 to 2275. From 2276 to 2300 it is a category II tournament, and so on with a further category every 25 points. The strongest tournaments to date have included a category XXI section. The Zurich Chess Challenge 2014 to be held from 30 January to 4 February is a category XXIII tournament with an average rating of 2802.
Number of wins in major recurring chess tournaments.
Among the many tournaments organized, some particularly stand out because of history or category. This tabulation gives an overview of the number of wins by major current and past chess players in the major recurring chess tournaments and world championship matches. The notation 'n/a' is used when a player has never participated in the tournament, or when the tournament began after a player's retirement.
Time controls.
A time control is a mechanism in tournament play that allows each round of the match to finish in a timely fashion so that the tournament can proceed. The three main types of time controls used in chess tournaments are "blitz", "standard", and "compensation".
Blitz.
In blitz chess (also known as "sudden death" chess) each player starts with a fixed amount of time to spend on their moves of the game. The FIDE Handbook designates the following common blitz time controls:
Blitz time controls increase the odds that one would "lose on time", meaning a forfeiture of the game due to the expiration of one's chess clock. Blitz tournaments are often documented with the notation "G/5" or "G/15", meaning "game in 5" and "game in 15", respectively.
Standard.
Standard time controls (STC) are one's in which a player has a set amount of time to complete a specified number of moves. If the specified number of moves is met, the player's time will rejuvenate. The first standard time controls, introduced in 1861, were 24 moves in two hours, with the average game lasting five hours. In the mid-1980s, a new format, 40 moves in two hours, proved popular because few games lasted over 60 moves.
Compensation.
Compensation (also known as "incremental" or "delay") time control methods require the use a special clock, called a "delay clock". There are two main forms which provide compensation for both the time lost in physically making a move and to make it such that a player can avoid having an ever-decreasing amount of time remaining.
Prizes.
The winners of chess tournaments are often rewarded with monetary prizes. Often, the chess tournament draws its prizes from a prize fund, from which all the winners in each section are rewarded. For example, the 2008 World Open chess tournament had a prize fund of $400,000. The winner of the open section was rewarded $30,000, while the winners of lesser sections were awarded subsequently smaller amounts. Other chess tournaments, such as the World Chess Championship, also reward the winners with a title, such as the "World Chess Champion". Lesser tournaments sometimes replace monetary rewards with book prizes or trophies.

</doc>
<doc id="19117185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117185" title="Jean Massieu">
Jean Massieu

Jean Massieu (1772 – July 21, 1846) was a pioneering Deaf educator, having been born Deaf, and having five other Deaf siblings. He taught at the famous school for the Deaf in Paris where Laurent Clerc was one of his students. Later he founded a Deaf school in Lille, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19117241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117241" title="Alfreda Chippendale">
Alfreda Chippendale

Alfreda "Alfy" Chippendale (1842 – November 9, 1887) was an American stage actress who appeared on the stage in the United States and England.
Early life.
Born Alfreda Schoolcraft in New Orleans, Louisiana into a family of actors and artists. She was reportedly the grandniece of President Zachary Taylor through her mother, Mathilda Schoolcraft.
Her father, Henry R. Schoolcraft was an actor who appeared in shows in Mobile, Alabama and at Crisp's Gaiety Theater in New Orleans and who despite his death in 1854, saw to it that his son Luke Schoolcraft and his daughters Jane and Alfreda all pursued careers in theater. Alfreda and Jane performed sketches as a pair in local variety theater. 
Alfreda married William B. Chippendale, scion of a famous English acting family headed by William Henry Chippendale about 1860. Her husband joined the Confederate Army as Second Lieutenant of the Louisiana 30th Infantry. He died in 1864 at the Battle of Ezra Church near Atlanta, Georgia.
Acting career.
Even as her husband was serving in the Confederate Army, Alfreda was appearing on the Northern stage. She appeared at the Winter Garden in New York City as Nanette in the burlesque "Camille" in June 1863. She also appeared as Sally in "The Eton Boy" that same season before appearing at the Griswold Opera House in Troy, New York in 1864-65. Chippendale appeared in Louisville, Kentucky in 1865 before returning to New Orleans in 1866.
In the early 1870s, Chippendale was traveling with the Irwin Selden Combination when she married its proprieter William Calder on December 8, 1872 in St. Charles County, Missouri. She went on to appear as Topsy in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" in New York City and such was the acclaim that she and her husband were engaged to appear on stage in England in the same roles. They sailed on August 3, 1878 and subsequently they appeared in London in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and "Rip Van Winkle". Later, Chippendale and Calder performed in "The White Slave" and "The Shadows of a Great City".
Death.
Alfy Chippendale died in Lancashire on November 9, 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="19117358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117358" title="Vladimir Nemukhin">
Vladimir Nemukhin

Vladimir Nikolaevich Nemukhin (born February 12, 1925 in Moscow) is a Russian artist. Nemukhin was associated with Lianozovo Circle along with Oscar Rabin, Valentina Kropivnitskaia and Lidiya Masterkova.
Early life.
Born and raised in Moscow, Nemukhin began his career working at a plant that produced technical instruments during World War II. In 1943, he met Petr Yefimovich Sokolov, assistant to Kazimir Malevich and later Pavel Kuznetsov. Sokolov introduced Nemukhin to the avant-garde movements of the time, launching him on a more experimental artistic path. Nemukhin joined the Studio School of the House of Unions (VTsSPS), from which he graduated in 1946.
From 1952 to 1956 Nemukhin worked as an interior designer. In 1956 he met Oskar Rabin, with whom he met with a group of like-minded artists and poets whose primary meeting place was Rabin’s apartment. Since Rabin lived in the barracks in a small village, Lianozovo, the group is commonly known as the Lianozovo Group. They also met at the village of Priluki on the banks of the Oka River, where Nemukhin’s father was born and where Nemukhin still owns a summer house.
In 1958, Nemukhin attended the 1958 exhibit of American art in Moscow, which featured the Abstract Expressionism of Jackson Pollock and Wiliam De Koonig. This was followed by his first real abstract work in 1959.
Role in Russian Art World.
In the 1950s when Russia, under Nikita Khruschev, enjoyed a slightly more permissive cultural climate, Nemukhin was one of the artists who searched for new ways of expression. Rejecting the Socialist Realism that was the only approved artistic form allowed in the Soviet Union at the time, 'unofficial' artists like Nemukhin formed their own ways of portraying the world around them. Their art tended to be concerned with universal values and was highly individual in nature, leading to a constant battles with censorship authorities. Nemukhin played an important role in these confrontations as, being a significant personality in the Moscow art world of the 1960s and 1970s, he served as a negotiator between the artists and the state.
Nemukhin's work is predominantly abstract and very personal. According to Julia Tulovsky, Assistant Curator at the Zimmerli Art Museum, “Nemukhin is best known for his abstract still lifes with playing cards, fragments of card tables, and fighting cocks ... In a majority of cases, these symbolize accident, intrigue, and indeterminacy, contrasting with the doctrine of predetermination demanded by the Soviet establishment. Nemukhin intends his structures, surfaces and symbols to reveal the spiritual, the unreal, the emotionally obscure, and the existential.”
Since 1959, Nemukhin has participated in over a hundred group exhibitions in museums and galleries around the world, including the first show of nonconformist art, the first autumnal review "In the Open Air" ("Bulldozer Exhibition") in Belyaeva in 1974. His works are in major public collections in Russia, Europe, and the United States.
In addition to creating art, Nemukhin also collected works by artists of his generation. Refusing to sell the collection, which he claims began when artist Anatoly Zverev painted a still life during a visit to his apartment, he instead donated it to the Tretyakov Gallery on its 150th anniversary in recognition of his friends.
Works by Nemukhin can be found in the collections of major museums: the State Tretyakov Gallery (Moscow), the Moscow Museum of Modern Art, the Stedelijk Museum (Amsterdam), the Modern Art Museum and the Metropolitan Museum (New York), the Ludwig Museum (Cologne) etc. About 100 pieces are included in the Norton and Nancy Dodge Collection of Soviet Nonconformist Art (Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum, New Brunswick, New Jersey).
Current Life.
In the late 1990s, Nemukhin moved to Düsseldorf, Germany, but he recently has returned to Moscow. His latest work has taken the form of sculptural homages to artists like Cézanne, Vladimir Veisberg, and Dmitry Krasnopevtsev, with reference to geometric abstraction and Constructivism.
In 2008, Nemukhin became an honorary member of the Russian Academy of Arts.
Personal life.
Nemukhin was closely associated with Lidiya Masterkova, who is referred to as his wife in numerous citations although one source claims the two were never married.

</doc>
<doc id="19117365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117365" title="Liberty Party (United States, 1932)">
Liberty Party (United States, 1932)

The Liberty Party was a minor political party in the United States in the 1930s, based on the economic theories of W.H. "Coin" Harvey (1851–1936) (found mainly in his book, "The Book"). Harvey was initially its 1932 presidential candidate, and they held their convention at his resort, Monte Ne. However, the Liberty Party ended up merging with the Jobless Party, and Harvey ran for president as an independent. He came in 5th, receiving about 53,000 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19117449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117449" title="Azores Air Zone Command">
Azores Air Zone Command

Azores Air Zone Command (, ZAA) is a Portuguese Air Force air zone command.
History.
The Azores Air Zone (ZAA) was created in 1956 with Air Base No. 4 under its dependency and the following missions:
From 1977 to 1995, the ZAA Command's designation was changed to Azores Air Command (, CAA), during which period of time, the commander of the CAA executed simultaneously the functions of commander of Air Base No. 4.
On July 1995, the two functions are made independent once again, and on October of that year the CAA is disbanded and the Azores Air Zone Command was reactivated.
External links.
The Azores Commander between 1990. And 1993 was not Fernanres Vasques Osorio but Antonio Jose Vasques Osorio...

</doc>
<doc id="19117484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117484" title="Calumet (Metra station)">
Calumet (Metra station)

Calumet is a station on Metra's Metra Electric Line located in East Hazel Crest, Illinois. The station is officially located at Park Avenue and 174th Street, near the Calumet Country Club, however the actual location is on Wood Street south of 174th Street. Park Avenue terminates at 171st Street. Calumet is from Millennium Station, the northern terminus of the Metra Electric Line. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Calumet is located in zone E. The station is on a solid-fill elevated structure and consists of one island platform which serves the Metra Electric Line's two tracks. There is no agent at Calumet, but tickets may be purchased from a vending machine in the waiting room.
Bus connections.
Pace

</doc>
<doc id="19117531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117531" title="Shen Tianhui">
Shen Tianhui

Shen Tianhui (Chinese: 沈天慧; April 1923 - ) is a renowned chemist and a professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. 
Shen was born in Jiashan, Zhejiang Province, and graduated from the department of chemical engineering of Datong University in Shanghai in 1949. From 1957 to 1959, Shen studied in Soviet Union and her researches focused on semiconductor materials. In 1960's, she held a position at Changchun Institute of Applied Chemistry of Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), studying the purification of silica material. From 1966 to 1986, she was in the No. 771 Institute, affiliated to Ministry of Aerospace Industry in Lintong County, Shaanxi Province, doing researches in semiconductor materials and large-scale integrated electronic circuits. Since 1987, she has been studying magnetic storage at the information storage research center at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. 
Shen is a member of academic committee of SJTU, an advisor of Research Institute of Materials and Chemical Engineering of SJTU, and director of academic committee of Key Laboratory of Micro-Nano- Manufacturing Technology. Shen was elected an academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19117626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117626" title="Induction forging">
Induction forging

Induction forging refers to the use of an induction heater to pre-heat metals prior to deformation using a press or hammer. Typically metals are heated to between and to increase their malleability and aid flow in the forging die.
Process.
Induction heating is a non-contact process which uses the principle of electromagnetic induction to produce heat in a workpiece. By placing a conductive material into a strong alternating magnetic field, electrical current is made to flow in the material, thereby causing Joule heating. In magnetic materials, further heat is generated below the Curie point due to hysteresis losses. The generated current flows predominantly in the surface layer, the depth of this layer being dictated by the frequency of the alternating field and the permeability of the material.
Power consumption.
Power supplies for induction forging vary in power from a few kilowatts to many megawatts and, depending on the component geometry, can vary in frequency from 50 Hz to 200 kHz. The majority of applications use the range between 1 kHz and 100 kHz.
In order to select the correct power it is necessary to first calculate the thermal energy required to raise the material to the required temperature in the time allotted. This can be done using the heat content of the material which is normal expressed in KW hours per tonne the weight of metal to be processed and the time cycle. Once this has been established other factors such as radiated losses from the component, coil losses and other system losses need to be factored in. Traditionally this process involved lengthy and complex calculations in conjunction with a mixture of practical experience and empirical formula. Modern techniques utilise finite element analysis and other computer aided modeling techniques, however as with all such methods a thorough working knowledge of the induction heating process is still required.
Output frequency.
The second major parameter to be considered is the output frequency of the power source. As the heat is predominantly generated in the surface of the component it is important to select a frequency which offers the deepest practical penetration depth into the material without running the risk of current cancellation. It will be appreciated that as only the skin is being heated time will be required for the heat to penetrate to the centre of the component and that if too much power is applied too quickly it is possible to melt the surface of the component whilst leaving the core cool. Utilising thermal conductivity data for the material and the customers specified homogeneity (physics) requirements regarding the cross sectional ∆T it is possible to calculate or create a model to establish the heat time required. In many cases the time to achieve an acceptable ∆T will exceed what can be achieved by heating the components one at a time. A range of handling solutions including conveyors, in line feeders, pusher systems and walking beam feeders are utilised to facilitate the heating of multiple components whilst delivering single components to the operator at the required time cycle. 
Types.
Bar end heating.
Bar end heating is typically used where only a portion of the bar is to be forged. Typical applications of bar end heating are
Subject to the required throughput, handling systems can vary from simple 2 or 3 station pneumatic pusher systems to walking beams and conveyors.
Billet heating.
In the induction billet heater the whole of the billet or slug is heated. Normally for short billets or slugs a hopper or bowl is used to automatically present the billets in line to pinch rollers, chain driven tractor units or in some cases pneumatic pushers. The billets are then driven through the coil one behind the other on water cooled rails or ceramic liners are used through the coil bore which reduce friction and prevent wear. The length of the coil is a function of the required soak time, the cycle time per component and the length of the billet. In high volume large cross section work it is not unusual to have 4 or 5 coils in series to give of coil or more.
Typical parts processed by in line billet heating:
Single shot.
For long billets, single shot heating can be used. This process utilises similar systems to bar end heating except that the whole of the billet is driven into individual coils. As with bar end heating the number of coils is governed by ∆T required and the thermal properties of the material being heated.
Typical parts processed by single shot billet heating:

</doc>
<doc id="19117638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117638" title="Paul Gambi">
Paul Gambi

Paul Gambi is a fictional tailor in the DC Universe, who has clients among many of Flash's Rogues Gallery. His name is an homage to real life fan Paul Gambaccini.

</doc>
<doc id="19117650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117650" title="David Hahn (Canadian politician)">
David Hahn (Canadian politician)

David George Hahn (born May 15, 1925) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a businessman by career.
He was first elected at the Broadview riding in the 1963 general election, after an unsuccessful attempt to win the riding in 1962. After his sole term in federal office, the 26th Canadian Parliament, he was defeated in the 1965 election by John Gilbert of the New Democratic Party.
Hahn briefly served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Industry in 1965, from July to September.

</doc>
<doc id="19117659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117659" title="Server sprawl">
Server sprawl

Server sprawl is a term used in the information technology industry. It describes a set of situations that can occur in data centers that result in poor hardware resource utilization, poor system and software level security, and wasted energy. Various techniques exist to mitigate server sprawl, such as computer virtualization.

</doc>
<doc id="19117661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117661" title="Desperado Publishing">
Desperado Publishing

Desperado Publishing is an American independent comic book publisher, established in 2004. Located in Norcross, Georgia, Desperado's president is Joe Pruett, its creative director is Stephan Nilson, and its director of business development is former Caliber Press publisher Gary Reed.
Overview.
With a background as former creative director of Caliber Press and editor of Caliber's 1990s anthology "Negative Burn", Pruett founded Desperado in 2004.
After initially planning on launching the Desperado line alone, Pruett instead announced in September 2004 that Desperado had joined Image Comics' publishing lineup. The debut titles under the Desperado/Image publishing partnership were Bob Burden's "Flaming Carrot" and a specially priced preview book, "Desperado Primer", which gave readers a chance to sample the talent assembled under the Desperado umbrella. (The "Desperado Primer" featured stories written by Paul Jenkins, with art by Adam Hughes, Brian Stelfreeze, Cully Hamner, Phil Hester, Kelsey Shannon, and Jason Pearson, and a prologue to Tony Harris's "Roundeye"). In January 2005 they published "Freak Show", a hardcover compilation of four vintage horror comics stories by the team of artist Bernie Wrightson & writer Bruce Jones.
In addition, Pruett and Desperado revived "Negative Burn", starting with two seasonal specials in 2005, and seguing into a monthly title in 2006. Pruett views the new incarnation of "Negative Burn" as a potential launching pad for new creators: "I'm offering "Negative Burn" as a way for a new creator to break in with us. If a creator shows promise and potential with his/her short story contributions then I might try to find them work with an already established creator or title in our library of titles... I believe there needs to be an outlet for new talent... and will try to do what I can to help them."
In March 2007, Desperado separated from Image after a two-and-a-half-year publishing partnership to become a self-sufficient publishing entity. ("Negative Burn" volume two's first eleven issues were published by Image.) As such, Desperado would publish under its own banner.
Desperado also produced a line of art books, which kicked off with the Eisner Award-winning "The Art of Brian Bolland". Other titles include "Archetype: The Art of Tim Bradstreet", "The Art of P. Craig Russell", and "The Art of Joe Jusko". In 2011, in collaboration with IDW, they published "Jeffrey Jones: A Life In Art".
Creators.
In addition to the aforementioned Burden, Harris, Hester, Jenkins, and Stelfreeze; notable creators involved with Desperado include Brian Bolland, P. Craig Russell, Andrew Robinson, Joe Jusko, Michael Gaydos, Tim Bradstreet, Goran Sudzuka, John McCrea, J.M. DeMatteis, Mike Ploog, Ron Kasman and Keith Giffen.
Awards.
Two Desperado titles won 2007 Eisner Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19117663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117663" title="Nicaraguan spider monkey">
Nicaraguan spider monkey

The Nicaraguan spider monkey ("Ateles geoffroyi geoffroyi"), is a subspecies of Geoffroy's spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, from Central America. It is native to Nicaragua and parts of Costa Rica closest to Nicaragua plus the Guanacaste peninsula. The population in Guanacaste and much of Nicaragua is sometimes considered to be a separate subspecies, "A. g. frontatus". But other authorities consider "A. g. frontatus" to be a synonym of "A. g. geoffroyi".
Its arms, thighs, back and chest are grayish or brownish. Its hands and feet are black. Its elbows, knees, lower arms and legs may or may not be black. It has a gold, yellow or buff abdomen and a black face with light eye rings.

</doc>
<doc id="19117687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117687" title="AfricAid">
AfricAid

AfricAid is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that supports girls’ education in Africa in order to provide young women with the opportunity to transform their own lives and the futures of their communities. It was founded in 2001 by Ashley Shuyler, who had traveled to Tanzania in 1996 and witnessed the country’s enormous educational needs while there.
Since its inception, AfricAid has provided educational opportunities for thousands of students in nine schools across northern Tanzania. Specifically, AfricAid has provided hundreds of secondary school scholarships, built classrooms, initiated teacher training and vocational training programs, started a school lunch program, outfitted computer labs, and supplied textbooks, school supplies, and other classroom materials in Tanzanian schools. In 2010, AfricAid expanded its reach to establish the Kisa Project, a new girls' scholarship and leadership training initiative that supports Tanzanian girls as they become leaders in their communities and across the nation. Through this program, Kisa Scholars and their sponsors have the opportunity to form relationships using the kisaproject.org social network. 
AfricAid has offices in Denver, Colorado and Arusha, Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19117713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117713" title="Valery Marakou">
Valery Marakou

Valery Marakou (Belarusian: Валеры Маракоў, , March 27(14), 1909, Minsk - October 29, 1937, Minsk) was a Belarusian poet and translator.
Biography.
First verses of poetry by Marakou were published as "Petals" in 1925 (as stated by Leanid Marakou, though the cover (illustrated) states 1926), and attracted attention of the famous Belarusian poet Yanka Kupala who supported the young poet. During Marakou's short lifetime, four books of his poetry had been published.
In March 1935, Marakou was arrested by agents of the Cheka for the first time. He was arrested again on November 6, 1936.
In October 1937, after a year of torture, Marakou was charged with being "a member of a counter-revolutionary national-fascist organisation", at a session of NKVD's "troika". He was executed by firing squad in the October 29–30, 1937 executions in Belarus of October 29 in the internal NKVD prison in Minsk, together with other 22 Belarusian intellectuals and social activists.
Valery Marakou was posthumously rehabilitated by a military board of the Supreme Court of the USSR on April 23, 1957.
The works of Valery Marakou were re-discovered for the Belarusian reader and his tragic fate were investigated by his nephew, the writer Leanid Marakou. Leanid Marakou has published a monograph dedicated to the life and works of the poet, and placed his uncle's books in electronic format (in Belarusian) on his web-site.

</doc>
<doc id="19117753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117753" title="Nils Philip Gyldenstolpe">
Nils Philip Gyldenstolpe

Nils Philip Gyldenstolpe (19 February 1734 – 20 February 1810) served as the Marshal of the Royal Court of Sweden. From 1773 to 1781 he was the governor of Gävleborg County. From 1789 until his death he occupied Seat No. 1 at the Swedish Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19117757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117757" title="1979 Intercontinental Cup">
1979 Intercontinental Cup

The 1979 Intercontinental Cup was a football final played on a two-legged system. It was the last time in the history of the Cup that this format was used before Toyota became the main sponsor in 1980 and a single-game final was held each year in Japan. The final was played between Olimpia Asunción of Paraguay (winners of the 1979 Copa Libertadores and Malmö FF of Sweden (runners-up of the European Cup 1978–79), with Olimpia emerging as the champion after an aggregate score of 3-1. Since the European champion Nottingham Forest F.C. declined to play the final, Malmö FF took its place as the runners-up of the European competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19117774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117774" title="Adahisa Peña">
Adahisa Peña

Adahisa Peña Arteaga (born August 6, 1983) is a pageant titleholder, born in Valencia, Venezuela. She was represented the Apure state in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant, on September 10, 2008, and won the "Miss Congeniality" award.

</doc>
<doc id="19117827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117827" title="Copper Country Strike of 1913–1914">
Copper Country Strike of 1913–1914

The Copper Country Strike of 1913–1914 was a major strike affecting all copper mines in the Copper Country of Michigan. The strike, organized by the Western Federation of Miners, was the first unionized strike within the Copper Country. It was called to achieve goals of shorter work days, higher wages, union recognition, and to maintain family mining groups. The strike lasted just over nine months, including the Italian Hall disaster on Christmas Eve, and ended with the union being effectively driven out of the Keweenaw Peninsula. While unsuccessful, the strike is considered a turning point in the history of the Copper Country.
Background.
The Keweenaw Peninsula is the site of many rich native copper deposits. This copper was originally mined by native miners, and many French and British explorers noted the richness of the deposits in the area. Douglass Houghton explored the area in 1831 and 1832, and surveyed the peninsula in 1840 as Michigan State Geologist. Houghton's report of 1841 spent more than twenty-seven pages discussing the copper and copper ore. He famously concluded: "the copper ores are not only of superior quality, but also that their associations are such as to render them easily reduced." He noted that samples of ore he had tested were richer than the copper ore being then mined in Cornwall. Houghton's report prompted a major rush of settlers to the peninsula.
While most of the early mines failed, a few became successful, and eventually several major mines became established. The Copper Country quickly became the first major copper mining region in the United States. By 1913, the majority of copper in the Copper Country was produced by three companies: the Calumet and Hecla Mining Company, by far the largest and richest mine in the Copper Country, as well as the Quincy Mine and the mines owned by the Copper Range Company.
Most early successful mines were operated by Cornish miners. At the time, many mines in Cornwall were failing, and Cornish miners began to travel to newer mining regions around the world. Cornish miners brought with them a system of mine operations based on contracts. In this system, miners formed working groups (usually consisting of family members) which then contracted with mine operators to perform specific mining activities. Typically, miners were paid by the cubic fathom of mine rock extracted, at rates designated in their contracts.
Because of the Cornish influence in the Copper Country mines, the contract system was also used in the Copper Country. However, contracts were only used with miners, who identified and blasted out copper-bearing rock. Trammers, whose job was to remove the blasted-out rock in heavy tram cars, were not paid on a contract, and were often considered to be a "lower class" of worker.
Major issues.
Several major issues contributed to the strike of 1913-1914. Many were related to the operation of the mines, but some were also social issues which had risen in the public consciousness in the United States at the time.
One of the major complaints was the paternalism of the mines. The Copper Country copper mines operated a heavily paternalistic system, in which the mines watched closely over workers' lives both in and out of the mines. Historically, this developed for several reasons. Early mines in the distant Keweenaw wilderness had no nearby towns to supply their needs, and so the mines provided all services themselves. Most mines provided housing and schooling for miners and their families, as well as doctors, hospitalization, and even the construction of roads. Houses were assigned with preference to miners and other skilled laborers (as opposed to trammers), and to men with families (as opposed to single men). Additionally, most houses were given to certain favored ethnic groups, especially Americans and Cornishmen. In exchange, miners were expected to act as the mines desired. Miners who fought, drank excessively, or were otherwise found to act improperly could be fired by the mines at any time. This led many groups of miners and trammers to feel unfairly discriminated against. While the paternalistic system worked in the early years of the mines, it became much more unpopular by 1913. Not only had large towns such as Calumet, Houghton, and Hancock grown up to serve the mines and provide services of their own, but social norms and expectations were changing as well.
Another major complaint was the one-man drill. In a system of hard-rock mining inherited from Cornish mines, miners drilled blast holes in a three-man team. One man held a steel drill, while two other men took turns hitting the steel with sledgehammers. Mines began to look for improvements to this system as early as the 1870s. The first improvement came with the "two man drill", which was a mechanical drill operated by compressed air. This drill was much more efficient than the three-man system, but still required two men to set up and operate. In addition, some mines allowed three men to work on the drill. As a result, the changeover from the three-man system to the two-man drill was relatively smooth. By 1913, mines were beginning to replace two man drills with "one man drills", which required only one man to operate and move. Miners had two major issues with the one man drill. First, the drill broke apart the historical family mining teams, leaving miners unemployed and bringing less income into a family. Second, a miner with a one man drill operated alone. Any accidents which happened were likely to go undiscovered until many hours later, whereas under the old system a family member would be nearby to help.
The final major issues concerned working hours, wages, and child labor. Miners typically worked 10-12 hour shifts in the mines, with one day off per week. Although the old contract system remained, most mines manipulated contracts so that all miners made effectively the same amount per month, subtracting expenses for candles or lamps, steels used in drills, and other materials required for mining. At the same time, many new copper mines had opened in the western United States. These mines were much richer than the Copper Country mines, and after several violent strikes led by the Western Federation of Miners, miners in the west made noticeably higher wages. In addition, many young children were hired by the mines, to add to a family's income. As the social climate changed in the early 20th century, many workers began to clamor for an 8 hour day, reduced use of child labor, and higher wages matching those in newer western mines such as the Anaconda mine.
While there were various factors inspiring union membership toward a strike, the WFM only asked its members to vote on two questions. The first was a demand for union recognition from management, and asking "for a conference with the employers to adjust wages, hours, and working conditions in the copper district of Michigan." The membership also voted to "declare a strike" if management refused to "grant a conference or concessions." After the vote was held, the WFM sent letters to the mines demanding the conference; the mine managers refused the request and the strike was called on July 23, 1913. The one-man drill was not mentioned in the referendum, nor was it mentioned in the initial letters sent to mine management.
The strike.
Miners in the Keweenaw were not unionized until just before the 1913 strike. Several wildcat strikes had occurred in previous years, but these were done only at individual mines, and usually involved only one group of workers (especially trammers, who were paid less than miners for physically intensive work). In the late 19th century and early 20th century, several unions had attempted to organize locals within the Copper Country, but none of them succeeded. All unions were strongly opposed by the mine owners. The Western Federation of Miners (WFM) began organizing miners in the Copper Country in 1912. The pressing issues of wages, hours, and the one-man drill encouraged many miners to join the union, and the WFM quickly founded many locals. These locals and WFM organizers began calling for shorter working days, higher wages, and the return of the two-man drill.
The Keweenaw chapters of the WFM voted to strike on July 23, 1913. The strike was called without support from the national WFM organization, which had just finished major strikes in the western mines, and had very little money left in their treasury. However, once the strike was called, the WFM began to collect donations and fees from its members to support the strike.
The strike was the first strike to hit all Copper Country mines. After the first day of the strike, nearly all mines in the district were closed down, with mobs of strikers blocking access to the mines. Miners held daily parades to boost morale and show their strength. The mine owners, organized and led by James MacNaughton, manager of the Calumet and Hecla mining company, called for state governor Woodbridge Ferris to deploy national guard troops to keep the peace. The governor did so, which led to many confrontations, some violent, between strikers and troops.
Accusations of violence and dirty dealing flew from both sides. Both the state and national governments attempted to intervene with support from the WFM, but the mine managers remained united in their refusal to negotiate with any union or to hire any union members. However, the mines did hire workers who were willing to tear up their union membership cards, and also imported many workers from other states or even countries. Some of these workers may have been impressed into service against their will. By August 1913, most mines had enough workers to operate on a limited basis.
At the same time, miners were struggling from lack of pay and supplies. The strike was very costly for the WFM, which provided support to strikers based on need and family size. The WFM's coffers quickly emptied, leaving many miners and families living in poverty. A large number of families left the region entirely, looking for more work in the newly developing industrial centers of Detroit and Chicago. As the winter of 1913 began, the strike was weakening significantly.
Seeberville Affair.
An incident called the "Seeberville Affair" occurred on August 14, 1913. John Kalan and John Stimac, two strikers, walked on mine property and were told to stop by a deputized guard. They ignored his order, and so the guard notified his supervisor. The guard, another deputy, and some members of the Waddell-Mahon Detective Agency were sent to the residence of Kalan to bring the two men to the supervisor to talk. Kalan refused to go with them, and after going back inside the boarding house, the group of men began shooting at the house. Stimac and another man named Stanko Stepic were wounded. Two boarders with no connection to Kalan or Stimac were killed; Alis Tijan died on the scene and Steve Putrich the next day.The funeral for Tijan and Putrich was attended by 3500 to 5000 people, and the procession was led by labor activist Anna Clemenc. The deaths increased the intensity of the strike. In February 1914, three Waddell-Mahon guards and a deputy sheriff were convicted of manslaughter.
The Italian Hall Disaster.
On Christmas Eve 1913, the Women's Auxiliary of the WFM organized a Christmas party for strikers and their families. The union and many local citizens donated gifts for the children and money for the party supplies. The party was held in the upstairs ballroom of the Italian Hall, a building in Calumet which was owned by a mutual benefit society for Italians. The party was well attended, with hundreds of families attending, including many strikers' children, packed into the ballroom.
At some point during the evening, according to most witnesses, an unidentified man stepped into the ballroom and shouted "Fire!", beginning a panic and stampede for the doors. The main exit from the ballroom was a steep stairway down to the front doors of the building. In the ensuing panic, 73 people were crushed to death in the stairwell, most of them children.
The true identity of the person who shouted "Fire!" has never been established. There has been considerable speculation that the person was a member of the Citizens' Alliance, an organization of business owners, citizens, and mine owners who opposed the strike. Several witnesses recalled seeing a Citizens' Alliance button on the man's jacket. However, the inquest into the disaster reached no conclusion.
Aftermath.
The disaster gave additional life to the strike, as rumors flew about the identity of the man who yelled "Fire!". Shortly afterwards, the president of the WFM, Charles Moyer, was shot and then forcibly placed on a train leaving the Keweenaw. However, support for the strike declined as organizers left (or were forced to leave) the Copper Country, the WFM ran out of money, and strikers' families experienced great hardships during the winter. The strikers voted to end the strike on April 13, 1914. Whereas the WFM reported having 9,000 members at the initial strike vote, only 2,500 members were left to vote on the referendum on calling off the strike. Mining companies required all strikers seeking a return to work to turn in or destroy their WFM membership cards. 
The strike was mostly unsuccessful in achieving its major goals. The mining companies continued introducing the one man drill, which eventually became a standard in all Copper Country mines. Collective bargaining was thoroughly rejected by the mines, leaving miners at the whim of the companies. Many miners simply left the Copper Country, or else returned to the mines for which they formerly worked on the mines' terms.
However, many Copper Country mines did introduce an 8 hour day partway through the strike, for the miners who had stayed to work for them. This continued after the strike, when national labor legislation required shorter workdays. Labor legislation also limited use of child labor and mandated higher daily wages for miners and trammers. All mines eventually changed to a daily wage, leaving behind the old family-group contract system entirely.
The strike is often considered a major turning point in the history of the Copper Country. Even though the mines were successful in the short term, the strike had demonstrated that mines could actually be affected by collective action. The strike also marked the end of the old paternalism of the mining companies. Workers' lives were no longer watched by the mines, and the mines cut back many services which they previously provided.
The mines of the Copper Country were finally unionized many years later. The International Union of Mine, Mill, and Smelter Workers (IUMMSW-CIO), a successor of the WFM, unionized the Copper Range Company mines in 1939, the Quincy Mine in 1941, and Calumet and Hecla mines in 1943, after several interventions by the National Labor Relations Board. A combination of low copper prices, depleted mines, competition from newer and richer mines, and continuing labor troubles eventually closed all of the Copper Country Mines. Calumet & Hecla closed its mines in 1969 after failing to reach an agreement with striking employees. That left the White Pine mine as the only remaining Copper Country mine in production; the White Pine mine closed in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19117831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117831" title="Louisiana Museum of Natural History">
Louisiana Museum of Natural History

The Louisiana Museum of Natural History is the state's museum of natural history located on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. It houses the LSU Museum of Natural Science (the former Museum of Zoology, hence the collection code LSUMZ), the LSU Herbarium, the Louisiana State Arthropod Museum which contains approximately 1,200,000 specimens of insects and related arthropods, and the Textile and Costume Museum. 
One exhibit area is the Textile and Costume Museum, and the other is the Museum of Natural Science. The Natural Science branch also has mineralogy, petrology, and palynology collections, as well as the Louisiana Geological Survey data repositories.

</doc>
<doc id="19117856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117856" title="James McBain">
James McBain

James McBain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19117873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117873" title="Swedenborg Rite">
Swedenborg Rite

The Swedenborg Rite or Rite of Swedenborg was a fraternal order modeled on Freemasonry and based upon the teachings of Emanuel Swedenborg. It comprised six Degrees: Apprentice, Fellow Craft, Master Neophyte, Illuminated Theosophite, Blue Brother, and Red Brother. 
It was created in Avignon in 1773 by the Marquis de Thorn. It was initially a political organization, whose aims might bring freemasonry into disrepute, although the political ideology was eventually discarded from the rite. This version of the Swedenborg Rite died out within a decade of its founding.
Starting in the 1870s, the Rite was resurrected as a hermetic organization. This version faded out sometime around 1908. 
In 1982 a patent of the Swedenborg Rite was transmitted by the English Freemason Desmond Bourke, in his office at the British Museum, to Masonic author Michele Moramarco, who after revising the rituals by Bourke's permission revived that tradition in Italy under the title of "Antico Rito Noachita" ("Ancient Noachide Rite")

</doc>
<doc id="19117895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117895" title="Killeedy">
Killeedy

Killeedy (Cill Íde) is a parish located south of Newcastle West in Co. Limerick in Ireland. This parish consists of two villages, Ashford and Raheenagh. The elevation of the parish varies from 1,184 ft. OS at Mauricetown and 1,082 ft. at Dromdeeveen to 200 ft. OS at Ballintubber. The parish is overlooked by the Mullaghareirk Mountains. The patron saint of Killeedy is Saint Ita. Killeedy was originally known as Cluain Chreadhail but in later ages it had taken the name of Cill íde, the Church of Saint Ita, from a nunnery which was founded there in the sixth century. On 15 January of each year, the feast of St. Ita's Day is celebrated in Killeedy.
The villages.
Located in Ashford is St. Ita's Church, a primary school and a pub. The soccer pitch for St. Itas AFC is also in Ashford. The Ashford Queen of the West Festival was held during the summers from 1989 and throughout the 1990s as part of the local GAA club's fund raising activities.
In Raheenagh, there is St Ita's Church, Páirc íde Naofa (the GAA pitch), a primary school, the community centre, a sports complex, a shop, and a pub.
Sports.
The sports played competitively in Killeedy are hurling, camogie, Gaelic Football and soccer. Killeedy won the Limerick Senior Hurling Championship in 1980. Sports teams from Killeedy traditionally play in the blue and white colours.
Landmarks and history.
Field Marshal Count Peter Lacy was born in Killeedy in 1678. After fighting at the Siege of Limerick in 1691, he emigrated first to France with the Wild Geese, then Austria and finally Russia where he became a Field Marshal and served as governor of Livonia. His son Franz Moritz (Francis Maurice) von Lacy was a Field Marshal in Austrian Service. 
In 1916, Thomas Shaughnessy was created the 1st Baron Shaughnessy of the City of Montreal in the Dominion of Canada and of Ashford (in Killeedy) in the County of Limerick. His father, who was a policeman in Millwaukee, was a native of Killeedy.
Notable landmarks in Killeedy include St. Ita's Monastery and Cemetery, Killeedy Castle, the Mass Rock, Glenduff Castle, Glenquin Castle, Lough O'Ge and Ballagh Post Office.
Kantoher.
Kantoher creamery was a major source of income for the parish. It was an outlet for the primary produce of the parish - milk. It was also a major asset to other farming families in particular porkers and those involved in the poultry business. A poultry plant operated from Kantoher for a significant period of time, The creamery and poultry plant no longer operate there but located at Kantoher now is an industrial park.
At the moment Kantoher currently only has the Vet's and Biomass Heating Solutions in its industrial park.

</doc>
<doc id="19117964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19117964" title="Mexican spider monkey">
Mexican spider monkey

The Mexican spider monkey ("Ateles geoffroyi vellerosus"), is a subspecies of Geoffroy's spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, from Mexico and Central America, native to Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua and El Salvador. 

</doc>
<doc id="19118063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118063" title="James Alexander McBain">
James Alexander McBain

James Alexander McBain (30 May 1910 – 11 August 1988) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in St. Thomas, Ontario and became a farmer by career.
McBain held municipal office in Ontario's Yarmouth Township in Elgin County first as a councillor in 1940, then as Deputy Reeve from 1945, then was township Reeve in 1947 and 1948.
He was elected to Parliament at the Elgin riding in a 22 March 1954 by-election, then re-elected there for general elections in 1957, 1958, 1962 and 1963. McBain was defeated by Harold Stafford of the Liberal party in the 1965 federal election.
From August 1962 to February 1963, McBain served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Transport.

</doc>
<doc id="19118072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118072" title="Doug Konieczny">
Doug Konieczny

Douglas James Konieczny (September 27, 1951) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher. Konieczny pitched in all or part of four seasons between and , all for the Houston Astros.
Konieczny was the Astros' first-round pick in the secondary phase of the 1971 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his major league debut two seasons later when he earned a September call-up in . He pitched only one full season in the majors, in , when he compiled a 6–13 record with a 4.47 ERA in 32 games (29 starts).
Konieczny was the first MLB player to come out of Wayne State University.

</doc>
<doc id="19118095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118095" title="Upper St. Regis, New York">
Upper St. Regis, New York

Upper St. Regis is a small hamlet on NY 30 near Upper St. Regis Lake 3 miles south of Paul Smiths in Franklin County, New York, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19118107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118107" title="Rachel Bridge">
Rachel Bridge

Rachel Bridge is a British journalist, author and public speaker. She is the former Enterprise editor for British newspaper, The Sunday Times, and now writes about small and medium-sized businesses and entrepreneurs for The Telegraph.
Bridge attended Wimbledon High School, London [http://www.gdst.net/wimbledon] and graduated from Emmanuel College, University of Cambridge in 1989 with an MA (Hons) economics degree. She lives in London.
Journalism.
Bridge's first job was with the Investors Chronicle magazine where she was employed as a companies reporter. She went on to become a business reporter for the Evening Standard.
In 1995, Bridge moved away from the UK to live in Sydney and became an Australian correspondent for The Times for three years. Afterwards, she moved to Bordeaux and became The Times' French correspondent for two years.
Upon her return to the UK in 2002, Bridge became the small business writer for the Mail on Sunday before joining The Sunday Times as Enterprise Editor in 2003. She now writes an opinion column about small business issues for The Sunday Telegraph and writes the Festival of Business page for small and medium sized businesses on The Telegraph website.
Published Works.
Bridge's first book was published in 2004, shortly after her return to the UK. To date she has authored five published titles, the most recent of which was published in September 2012.
Each of Bridge's publications is based upon her interviews with successful entrepreneurs.
How I Made It: 40 Successful Entrepreneurs Reveal How They Made Millions: 40 Successful Entrepreneurs Reveal All
"How I Made It" was Bridge's first title, published by Kogan Page in the UK in 2004.
The book is a collection of case studies taken from the rise and fall of 40 entrepreneurs who went on to make a fortune. The interviews featured in "How I Made It: 40 Successful Entrepreneurs Reveal How They Made Millions" are a collection of those published in the Sunday Times.
"How I Made It" features interviews with Duncan Bannatyne from the BBC television series Dragons' Den, diet expert Rosemary Conley, Prue Leith and Julie Craymer, producer of Abba musical Mamma Mia! on stage and screen. The book was described by Sir Richard Branson as essential reading for every budding entrepreneur, claiming:
"["How I Made It"] has perfectly summed up the passion, the commitment and the sheer excitement of being an entrepreneur and will help encourage many others to do the same."
You Can Do It Too: The 20 Essential Things Every Budding Entrepreneur Should Know
"You Can Do It Too" was published in April 2008 by Kogan Page.
In "You Can Do It: The 20 Essential Things Every Budding Entrepreneur Should Know", Bridge goes on to collect the wisdom of several successful entrepreneurs in a bid to produce the 20 key elements that go into building businesses that work.
"You Can Do It Too" reached the Amazon best-selling list shortly after publication.
My Big Idea: 30 Successful Entrepreneurs Reveal How They Found Inspiration
"My Big Idea" was published in 2006 by Kogan Page.
Following a similar format to "How I Made It", "My Big Idea: 30 Successful Entrepreneurs Reveal How They Found Inspiration" book explores the inspiration that guided successful entrepreneurs Bridge has interviewed.
"My Big Idea" also reached the Amazon best-selling list.
How to Make a Million Before Lunch
In August 2010, Bridge moved to Virgin Books to publish her next title.
Following the ideology, 'Take every shortcut you can... and get there fast', "How to Make a Million Before Lunch" explores the pitfalls to avoid in making a fortune quickly.
At the 2010 Edinburgh Fringe Festival, Bridge performed a one woman show based on the publication.
How to Start a Business Without Any Money
"How to Start a Business Without Any Money" is Bridge's fifth title and was published by Virgin Books in 2012.
In this latest title, Bridge draws on the experience of successful entrepreneurs to demonstrate how to build a business without significant start-up funding. She also describes starting up her own micro online business, Entrepreneur Things (www.entrepreneurthings.com) selling mugs and bags, to prove it can be done.
Other
Bridge has also helped businessman and Dragons' Den judge Peter Jones write his book "Tycoon".
Jones thanks Bridge for her involvement in the credits of the book.
She has also helped three other successful entrepreneurs write books, including Tim Roupell, founder of Daily Bread, whose book Bread and Butter was published in 2011.
Public Speaking.
Bridge has ten years' of experience in public speaking, specifically about entrepreneurs and small businesses. She regular makes public appearances at conferences, hosts awards ceremonies, runs workshops and round tables and gives after-dinner speeches.
In August 2010 she took her one woman show "How to Make a Million before Lunch" to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival where it played to sell-out audiences at The Pleasance.

</doc>
<doc id="19118126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118126" title="Vernon Erskine-Crum">
Vernon Erskine-Crum

Lieutenant-General Vernon Forbes Erskine-Crum, CIE, MC (11 December 1918 – 17 March 1971) was a British Army officer, who briefly served as General Officer Commanding in Northern Ireland during the early period of the Troubles.
Regimental career.
He was born in Calcutta, the younger son of Sir William Erskine Crum, and educated at Eton and New College, Oxford. In 1940 he was commissioned into the Scots Guards, and served with the regiment for the remainder of the war. He won a Military Cross (MC) during the North-West European campaign in 1944.
Indian service.
After training at the Staff College in 1945, he was promoted to temporary Lieutenant-Colonel and posted to the staff in South-East Asia, arriving just after the Japanese surrender. He served as the Conference Secretary to Lord Mountbatten, a position he held for just over a year before returning to regimental duty in England, commanding a company of the 2nd Battalion Scots Guards.
After six weeks, he was recalled by Mountbatten, who had been appointed Viceroy of India, and again served as his Conference Secretary until he left India in 1948. For his services, he was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire on 30 December 1947.
Senior Command.
On returning from India, he was appointed as the regimental adjutant of the Scots Guards, and then a succession of other administrative posts; adjutant of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, Brigade Major of the Household Brigade, Commandant of the Guards Depot, and Assistant Adjutant General of the London District. 
On 9 February 1962, he was promoted Colonel, and from 1962 to 1963 was Secretary of the Joint Planning Staff. In 1963 he was appointed to command 4th Guards Brigade Group, promoted to Brigadier on 9 February 1966, and appointed to command 4th Division in 1967.
He was appointed Co-ordinator of the Imperial Defence College on 15 October 1969, and Chief Army Instructor there on 1 February 1970. Following this position, he was appointed GOC and Director of Operations in Northern Ireland on 4 February 1971, to replace Lieutenant-General Ian Freeland, but he suffered a heart attack on the 16th and was relieved by Lieutenant-General Harry Tuzo on 2 March.
Death.
He died a month after his heart attack, in hospital, on 17 March 1971, aged 52. His brief spell in Northern Ireland witnessed the escalation of tensions, as well as the first death of a British soldier, Gunner Robert Curtis, on 6 February.
Family.
He married Rosemary Douglas, the daughter of Brigadier Sir Douglas Dawson and Lady Aimée Dawson (GBE) in 1948. They had one son, Brigadier Douglas Erskine Crum.

</doc>
<doc id="19118138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118138" title="Liberty Party (United States, 1840)">
Liberty Party (United States, 1840)

The Liberty Party was a minor political party in the United States in the 1840s (with some offshoots surviving into the 1850s and 1860s). The party was an early advocate of the abolitionist cause. It broke away from the American Anti-Slavery Society (AASS) to advocate the view that the Constitution was an anti-slavery document; William Lloyd Garrison, leader of the AASS, held the contrary view that the Constitution should be condemned as an evil pro-slavery document. The party included abolitionists who were willing to work within electoral politics to try to influence people to support their goals; the radical Garrison, by contrast, opposed voting and working within the system.
Party origin.
The party was announced in November 1839, and first gathered in Warsaw, New York. Its first national convention took place in Arcade on April 1, 1840.
The Liberty Party nominated James G. Birney, a Kentuckian and former slaveholder, for President in 1840 and 1844. The second nominating convention was held in August 1843 in Buffalo, New York. The Liberty Party platform of 1843 resolved "to regard and to treat" the fugitive slave clause of the U. S. constitution "as utterly null and void, and consequently forming no part of the Constitution of the United States", and also:
Support and influence.
The party did not attract much support; in the 1840 election, Birney received only 6,797 votes, and in the 1844 election 62,103 votes (2.3% of the popular vote). However, it may have thrown victory from Henry Clay to James Polk in the 1844 election, with Birney having received 15,800 votes in New York and Polk winning New York by 5,100 votes. If Clay had won New York, he would have had the majority of electoral votes, not Polk.
A third nominating convention was held in Syracuse, New York in October 1847, endorsing John P. Hale of New Hampshire with 103 votes (there Gerrit Smith received forty-four votes for the nomination, with another twelve scattered votes for others). However, this nomination was later withdrawn due to the subsequent events of 1848.
Relationship to the Free Soil Party.
In 1848, with the political sentiment stirred up by the Wilmot Proviso controversies, and the "Barnburner" faction of New York Democrats splitting off from the rest of the Democratic party, there was the possibility of forming a much larger and more influential political grouping devoted to anti-slavery goals—but not all of whom considered themselves to be primarily abolitionists as such, or were willing to work under the Liberty Party name. Therefore, many Liberty Party members met in Buffalo, New York with other groups in August 1848 to form the Free Soil Party, a party that, although opposed to slavery, was not strictly speaking abolitionist. A minority which was not willing to merge with the Free Soil Party nominated Gerrit Smith as rump National Liberty Party candidate for 1848, at a convention held on June 14 and 15 1848 in Buffalo. Smith went on to win 2,545 votes, less than 1% of the Free Soil vote total.
The Free Soil Party later merged with the Republican Party in 1854, by which time many of the issues originally championed by the Liberty Party had become politically mainstream. A member of the Liberty Party who later rose to great political prominence as a Free-Soiler and Republican was Salmon P. Chase.
Chase had joined the Liberty Party in 1841, and had a significant influence on the Liberty Party platform of 1843/1844, as well as organizing the "Southern and Western Liberty Convention" in Cincinnati in 1845, where a number of delegates from the midwest and upper south met. In order to broaden the appeal of the party, Chase advocated supplementing the almost purely religious and moral Liberty Party rhetoric of the 1840 election with political and constitutional analysis, and wished the party to emphasize that its immediate goal was to withdraw all direct federal government support and recognition of slavery (or to "divorce" the federal government from slavery), as opposed to simply demanding the abolition of slavery everywhere in the United States (something which was beyond the legal power of the federal government to accomplish as the U. S. constitution then existed). In 1847–1848, Chase was a strong supporter of the fusion movement which resulted in the formation of the Free Soil Party.
The Liberty Party continued to exist many years afterwards, despite most of its supporters having left to join less-religiously-motivated parties. In the absence of Chase, religious rhetoric in the party's official addresses and platforms increased. The 1848 platform strongly condemned the perceived attempts to moderate the party. That same year, the party began openly advocating various general moralistic policies, such as prohibitions on alcohol, gambling, and prostitution. Other than these religiously motivated restrictions on market activity, the party largely favored free trade, and opposed tariffs. One year later, the twenty-second plank of the 1849 platform praised Lysander Spooner's book "The Unconstitutionality of Slavery".
In 1852, the party held its national convention on September 30, 1852, in Syracuse, N. Y. The presidential nominee that year was William Goodell of New York, and his running mate was S. M. Bell of Virginia. The platform that year only had four planks.

</doc>
<doc id="19118148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118148" title="William H. Andrews (unionist)">
William H. Andrews (unionist)

William Henry Andrews (20 April 1870, Suffolk – 1950), commonly known as Bill Andrews, was the first chairman of the South African Labour Party (SALP) and the first General Secretary of the Communist Party of South Africa. He was also active in the formation of the Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union.
Biography.
Born in England, Andrews joined the Amalgamated Society of Engineers in 1890. He travelled to Johannesburg in 1890, holding jobs on goldmines in the West Rand in the 1890s. Increasingly prominent as a trade union organizer, he became the official South African organizer of the ASE, the president of the Witwatersrand Trades and Labour Council and the Political Labour League in 1905, the Labour Representation Committee in 1906 and the South African Labour Party in 1909. 
In the 1912 Georgetown by-election Andrews was elected a Labour MP. In 1915 he was elected the first president of the International Socialist League, which formed when anti-war socialists split from the SALP. He visited Britain in 1918, where he was impressed by the British shop stewards' movement. In 1921 he became the first general secretary of the Communist Party of South Africa, and in 1922 the editor of the party's newspaper "The International". In 1925 he was elected the first secretary of the South African Trade Union Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="19118198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118198" title="Partick Castle">
Partick Castle

Partick Castle was located in Partick, a Western suburb of Glasgow. It was built in 1611 for the Glasgow benefactor George Hutcheson and situated on the west bank of the River Kelvin.
Description.
Writing in the early eighteenth century, Hamilton of Wishaw described the building:
"...where Kelvin falls into Clyde, is the house of Pertique, a well-built and convenient house, well planted with barren timber and large gardens, which are enclosed with stone walls, and which formerly belonged to George Hutcheson in Glasgow, but now to John Crawford of Myltoun."
According to the local historian James Napier, it was left empty in 1770 and was unroofed and in ruins by 1783. It was demolished during the 1830s. Another local writer records that its remains were removed in a single night to 'form dykes in the neighbouring fields'. This happened in 1836 or 1837. Napier also provides an anecdotal description of the building in its later days when it was a tenanted property:-
The account of the house given to me by a person who had often been in it when it was inhabited, was, that the under flat was partially sunk & vaulted. The second flat was entered by a few steps up, and had a stone floor laid on the arches. There were several apartments in this flat, which formed a sort of hostelry. The top flat had a deal floor and consisted of a large hall which was used for public gatherings, balls, and dancing parties, and over this flat were attics, which were used as bedrooms and for holding lumber. There was a well outside the house. The main entrance door was covered with large-headed nails, so also was a two-leafed door which formed the outer entrance to the grounds. The grounds being surrounded by a stone wall.
A poem published locally (in the Glasgow Magazine or the Bee) in the nineteenth century describes it thus: 
Lo, Partick Castle, drear and lone,
Stands like a silent looker-on,
Where Clyde and Kelvin meet;
The long rank grass waves o’er its walls;
No sound is heard within its halls,
Save noise of distant waterfalls,
Where children lavo their feet."
The castle's remains are likely to lie under the south western end of the Tesco development site in Partick. The site was most recently a scrapyard but before that a dyeworks, a foundry and a laundry. Unlike most of the old village of Partick, the castle's site was not removed by the excavations involved in the construction of the now disused Partick Central railway station. Rather, the castle site's solum was preserved under the aforementioned industrial buildings.
Bishop's Castle.
According to some sources, the site of Hutcheson's building was also the site of a castle and country residence of the Bishops of Glasgow. This is the castle depicted on the former Burgh of Partick's coat of arms. In 1136, King David had granted to the land of Partick (Perdeyc) to the See of Glasgow. In 1362, a settlement of a dispute between the Bishop and his chapter house was made at his "manor-house of Perthic". Glasgow's Bishops continued to use their residence in Partick until the reformation in 1560, when Bishop James Beaton II fled to France from there, taking with him the sacred relics from Glasgow Cathedral. At the marriage of Sir George Elphinstone of Blythswood to Agnes Boyd in 1600, James VI promised the couple a bigger house. Sir George was given the New Park of Partick in order to manage the woodland, introduce deer, and build an 'ample' house for himself and for the king to resort to after hunting. This may have built on the site of the Bishop's residence.
Dark Ages Royal residence.
There is some evidence that Partick was an important centre for the Kings of Alt Clut/Strathclyde. According to the Cistercian monk and hagiographer of St Kentigern, Jocelin of Furness, King Rhydderch had a residence in 'Pertnech' (Partick). Some archaeologists have deduced that the royal Partick estate was part of a larger elite centre of the kingdom, which included the ecclesiastical centre just across the River Clyde at Govan. The lands of Partick remained royal property until King David granted them to the Bishops of Glasgow. 
There is no primary evidence that the site of Hutcheson's castle was the same as this royal residence.

</doc>
<doc id="19118212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118212" title="Knockouts">
Knockouts

Knockouts and Knockouts Haircuts for Men are the trade names of a privately held American salon chain (international as of early 2011), Knockouts LLC, based in Irving, Texas. Knockouts are full-service grooming salons with a boxing (and mixed martial arts)/sex appeal theme targeting men seeking an alternative to the cut-rate chain salons. The Today Show (NBC TV), The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch (CNBC) and other media have compared Knockouts to Hooters restaurants for the sex appeal/entertainment angle used to engage customers, labeling Knockouts “the Hooters of Haircutting.” The salons have a gym/warehouse-like decor with faux boxing ring posts and ropes and a brick wall helping to define the space, as well as boxing photos and memorabilia on the walls. There are flat-screen televisions at each grooming station and in the waiting area. These are usually tuned to sports programs, but are individually controlled by the customer.
Knockouts employs an attractive all-female staff of licensed hair stylists and massage therapists. The services include haircuts, hair coloring, waxing, manicures, pedicures, and six types of massage therapy. Grooming products are also available for purchase. Some locations also offer hair replacement and facial shaves. Knockouts salons provide a free beverage to customers while they wait, including water, sports drinks and beer (where legally permitted). Knockouts has sold over 500 franchised salons in 29 states including Arizona, California, Colorado, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Missouri, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin. 
History.
The enterprise was founded as a limited partnership by Thomas P. Friday, his wife, Karin, and friend, Steven Turman, in Dallas, Texas in the summer of 2002. The first Knockouts salon opened on October 3, 2003 in Addison, Texas. In January 2005, the Fridays bought majority control in the partnership. The partnership was converted to a limited liability company, Knockouts LLC, in January 2008 and is now based in Irving, Texas. Tom Friday is Chief Executive Officer of the company, while Karin Friday is President and Steve Turman is Chief Compliance Officer.
Knockouts Girls.
A Knockouts Girl is a licensed Cosmetologist and/or Barber or a licensed Massage Therapist employed by a Knockouts salon. They are recognizable by their uniform, which features a white or red cotton top with the Knockouts logo on the front paired with short satin boxing shorts. There are other shorts and shirts that can be worn together, or paired with an outfit more suitable for cold weather. The company also uses other colors and designs for tops, such as a jersey or other athletic wear. The remainder of the uniform consists of white “scrunch” socks and white athletic shoes.
Promotions.
Knockouts has partnered with AXE, a division of Unilever. It is a co-branding program whereby AXE men's grooming products are used, sampled, and sold in Knockouts salons, and the Knockouts Girls wear shirts with both companies' logos and slogans. The companies believe AXE's "Hair Crisis Relief: get girl-approved hair" campaign fits with Knockouts' sporty/sexy image.
Knockouts currently sponsors an automobile NASCAR racing series team consisting of drivers Bret Guzik and Matt Barndt, as well as Dawson Guzik, a racer in the American Motocross Association. Knockouts has sponsored the Indiana Ice of the United States Hockey League and mixed martial arts fighter Michelle Waterson.
The Knockouts Girls and the Executive Team of Knockouts LLC give annually to under-privileged, orphaned children worldwide. They also sponsor foster parents that provide full-time care for these little ones until suitable homes can be found for them. Additionally, the Knockouts Girls volunteer their time and energy for charitable events that are sponsored by non-profit organizations. Knockouts supports the National Childhood Cancer Foundation and St. Baldrick's Foundation, which raises money for research to combat cancer in children.
Knockouts has also been featured on Your World with Neil Cavuto (Fox TV) as well as numerous other local television and print media. Specially-chosen Knockouts Girls appear in a calendar sold at the salons, but all Knockouts Girls make public appearances to promote their salons, the brand, and charities.

</doc>
<doc id="19118214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118214" title="Yucatan spider monkey">
Yucatan spider monkey

The Yucatan spider monkey ("Ateles geoffroyi yucatanensis"), is a subspecies of Geoffroy's spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, from Mexico, Guatemala and Belize. It has paler fur than the Mexican Spider Monkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19118217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118217" title="3AM (Kleerup song)">
3AM (Kleerup song)

"3AM" is the third single to be released from Swedish producer and singer-songwriter Kleerup's debut album. "3AM" originally appeared, in a different form, as a B-side to fellow Swede Marit Bergman's single "Mama, I Remember You Now"; she wrote the lyrics and vocal melody for the song, while Kleerup provided an original instrumental for the version that appears on his album.
Chart performance.
In May 2008, when the album was released, "3AM" charted due to extensive downloading. It charted at #52 on the Swedish singles chart, and enjoyed a two week run.
Upon the singles official release, it re-charted and reached a new peak position of #35.

</doc>
<doc id="19118244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118244" title="Tainan (disambiguation)">
Tainan (disambiguation)

Tainan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19118261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118261" title="Dear Diary (song)">
Dear Diary (song)

"Dear Diary" is a 1969 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues. Written by the band's flautist Ray Thomas, "Dear Diary" was first released on the 1969 album "On the Threshold of a Dream".
The lyrics of "Dear Diary" draw inspiration from the Eastern concept of Maya (illusion), and basically describe a man's alienation from the illusions of normal society. He sees people "rushing around so senselessly" and posits that "if they weren't so blind, then surely they'd see, there's a much better way for them to be." In the bridge of the song, the narrator states:
"They don't know what they're playing,
They've no way of knowing what the game is,
Still they carry on, doing what they can."
The song itself has a slow, ethereal sound to it, and Ray Thomas's lead vocal track is run through a Leslie speaker for an eerie effect. In a moment of humor typical of Thomas's writing, the song ends with the narrator remarking that someone had exploded an H bomb, but not anyone he knew.

</doc>
<doc id="19118274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118274" title="HooGee">
HooGee

HooGee or Haukilahden Pallo - Gäddviks Boll HooGee is a Finnish football club established in 1980. The club is based in the district of Haukilahti in the city of Espoo and specialises in youth football. HooGee draws its membership base mainly from the Westend-Haukilahti-Niittykumpu-Tontunmäki area but others are also welcome.
The Club runs several junior teams and aims to provide boys and girls from Espoo with the opportunity to practice football. HooGee participates in the city of Espoo and the Uusimaa district's leagues, tournaments, and organises football schools, camps and various theme days. With four men's teams in addition to the youth section, the club in total has over 600 active members.
HooGee's name stands for Haukilahti (= Hoo) followed by the Swedish counterpart Gäddvik (= Gee).
2010 season.
HooGee M1 managed to secure a place in Nelonen after beating LePa 2-1 away in Leppävaara in their final match of the season, thus finishing 8th, after collecting 25 points in 20 matches. In the Uusimaa Cup they managed to make it to the final eight, before dropping out to Akilles from Porvoo. In the Finnish Cup they lost to NJS from Nurmijärvi 9-1 in the first round of the competition.
HooGee 2 managed to secure themselves top spot in Section 1 in Kutonen administered by the SPL Uusimaa, thus gaining themselves promotion back to after only one season.
HooGee finished third in Section 1 of the Vitonen administered by the SPL Uusimaa.
HooGee 4 finished third in Section 2 of the Vitonen administered by the SPL Uusimaa.
2011 season.
HooGee M1 will compete in Nelonen for the 2011 season, while the other three HooGee men's teams will compete in Vitonen.
Finnish Cup
HooGee M1 and HooGee competed in the 2011 edition of the Finnish Cup, with both teams receiving byes to the second round of the competition. HooGee M1 faced fellow Nelonen outfit Lahden Pojat JS with the team from Lahti progressing to the 3rd round after beating the home team 4-0. HooGee also bowed out of the 2011 Finnish Cup in the second round after losing 6-1 to Apollo from Hyvinkää.
The other teams.
Season to Season

</doc>
<doc id="19118275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118275" title="Lucid Dreams">
Lucid Dreams

"Lucid Dreams" is a single from the Scottish band Franz Ferdinand, appearing on their third album "".
Pre-album version (single release).
Originally only listenable through a static-covered stream on the band's website and the video game "Madden NFL 09", it was released as a single through iTunes on August 19, 2008 (despite an earlier message on the band's diary having stated "it's not a single"). This version is available as an iTunes bonus track to the album and also a B-Side to "No You Girls".
Album version.
The single differs from the version that appears on "Tonight: Franz Ferdinand", which has been described by several reviewers as the highlight of the album. The pre-album bridge now starts the song, the chorus has been revised and the original second verse and ending are omitted, with an almost four minute 'acid trance' instrumental taking their place.
Live performances.
Two versions of this song are used when played live. The two verses and choruses of the pre-album version segue into the latter section of the album version, sometimes including the instrumental breakdown. The intro and chorus of the album version are not used. As the outro is essentially a huge jam (revolving around an arpeggiated synth line created on a Minimoog Voyager), the whole song is known to last for over 14 minutes. The nine and a half minutes long live version of the song can be found on "" EP.

</doc>
<doc id="19118350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118350" title="Wichita River">
Wichita River

The Wichita River, part of the Red River watershed, lies in north-central Texas. Rising in northeastern Knox County at the confluence of its North and South Forks, the river flows northeast across Baylor, Archer, Wichita, and Clay counties before joining the Red River just west of Byers Bend in northern Clay County. The Texas Santa Fe Expedition crossed the river at the site of present-day Wichita Falls in 1841 and found a large Wichita Indian village at the site; the river was later named after the tribe. Today, the largest human settlement on the river is the city of Wichita Falls, which was named after a five-foot waterfall on the river that later washed away. The river is dammed in Archer County, forming Lake Diversion, and in Baylor County, forming Lake Kemp; there are also two small reservoirs on the river in Wichita County, one furnishing water for the town of Iowa Park and the other providing water for local irrigation.
The Wichita River has three tributaries; the Wichita proper, as stated above, is formed by the confluence of its North and South Forks. The North Fork runs for from northeastern Dickens County through King, Cottle, and Foard counties before joining the South Fork. The Middle Fork flows from north-central King County to its meeting with the North Fork in southwestern Foard County. The South Fork rises in eastern Dickens County and runs for through King and Knox Counties before joining the North Fork; the King County seat of Guthrie lies on the South Fork.

</doc>
<doc id="19118368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118368" title="L'affittacamere">
L'affittacamere

"L'affittacamere" is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Mariano Laurenti and starring Gloria Guida.

</doc>
<doc id="19118385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118385" title="Uneasy Listening (Chumbawamba album)">
Uneasy Listening (Chumbawamba album)

Uneasy Listening is a compilation album by the anarcho-punk band Chumbawamba. It contains songs from the time of their first album "Pictures of Starving Children Sell Records" up to 1998.
It contains one previously-unreleased song, "We Don't Go to God's House Anymore", which is based on a tune derived from the Alabama 3 song "U Don't Danse 2 Tekno Anymore".
The cover photograph is of Buenaventura Durruti, anarchist soldier and revolutionary, who died fighting fascists in Spain in 1936.
Track listing.
"All songs written and produced by Chumbawamba except where noted."

</doc>
<doc id="19118404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118404" title="Ethan Bortnick">
Ethan Bortnick

Ethan Jordan Bortnick (born December 24, 2000) is an American pianist, singer, composer, songwriter, actor, musician and one of the youngest philanthropists in the world.
Early life and education.
Bortnick was born in Pembroke Pines, Florida. His parents, Hannah and Gene Bortnick, were born in the Ukraine and are Jewish. Bortnick began playing a keyboard at the age of three and was composing music at age five. He has been featured on national and international television programs. His parents have helped him raise money for charities by performing.
Career.
PBS National Television Concert.
At 9 Years old, Ethan became the youngest artist to have his own National PBS Concert Special. The special runs 60 minutes and 90 minutes.
Ethan made his PBS concert special debut with "Ethan Bortnick and His Musical Time Machine", part of PBS special programming, in August 2010 on PBS stations across the USA. Filmed at the historic El Rey Theatre in Los Angeles, Ethan Bortnick and His Musical Time Machine, puts Bortnick at center stage as he delivers a trip through music’s history from classical to pop and many genres in between. Disco queen Gloria Gaynor joined Ethan for a rendition of her anthem "I Will Survive", while legendary trumpeter Arturo Sandoval accompanies him on the Louis Armstrong classic "What a Wonderful World."
Other performances include the Beatles favorite "Let It Be" and Bortnick’s rowdy take on Little Richard’s "Good Golly Miss Molly." He also introduces the crowd to some of his original compositions, including "Arctic Jazz," a song that delivers an inspirational message to a jazz swing, and "PBS You're The Best," a song which he wrote especially for the network.
In the DVD version of this special, Ethan interviews Quincy Jones. Ethan spent an entire day with Quincy Jones, performing for him and asking him questions about music, life and the future. Quincy Jones stated ""Ethan’s imagination and ability to create music from stories is unbelievable,"" says Quincy Jones. ""With such special talent and expressive piano playing, he’s sure to go all the way.""
Ethan's PBS Special was produced by Mindfox Productions, AEG Live and Sun and Sky Entertainment. Musical director was Greg Phillinganes.
National Headlining Tour 2010/2011 (Musical Time Machine).
At the age of 10, Ethan is the youngest musician and entertainer to ever headline his own national tour.
Ethan created this 2 hour show himself, including the concept and the repertoire. The entire show (from start to finish) was led by Ethan Playing, singing, story telling, answering questions, and Emceeing the entire show himself.
Between October 5, 2010 and October 13, 2010 and then between January 14, 2011 - March 6, 2011, Bortnick Headlined his own National Tour, performing 28 shows. Ethan's concerts covered music from different time periods, his own compositions, questions from the audience, composing of songs (using audience ringtones), and on-the-spot comedy. Each show was different. This tour was promoted by AEG Live.
The show received a 100% positive feedback rating on Ticketmaster, with reviews such as "Ethan is a true showman", "Genius", "Uplifting", "Fantastic", "Ethan is a wonder","Fabulous","Incredible, Funny, Inspiring for all ages"
18 Concerts were sponsored by REMAX and the concerts benefited Children's Miracle Network. During the tour, Ethan stopped at local Children's hospitals to perform for the kids who could not come and see him on his tour, due to illness. Ethan also donated proceeds from his CD and T-Shirt sales to Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals and provided complimentary tickets to more than 100 children being treated at children’s hospitals and their families, in each city.
Some of the major cities that were included on this tour were New York in Times Square, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Chicago Area, Atlanta, Houston, Nashville, Pittsburgh, Detroit, Seattle, Denver, Kansas City, Portland, Raleigh, NC, Orlando, Hollywood, FL,
Some of the venues on this tour were Best Buy Theater, Cerritos Center, Keswick Theater, Belcourt Theater, Benaroya Hall, Paramount Theatre (Denver, Colorado), Midland Theatre, Royal Oak Music Theatre, Meymandi Concert Hall, Gwinnett Center for the Performing Arts, and many more.
Concert in Las Vegas.
On July 22 and 23, 2011, Bortnick made history at the Las Vegas Hilton as the youngest headliner ever in Las Vegas, at ten years of age. The Las Vegas Hilton Theater has a rich history of presenting such legendary icons as Elvis Presley who performed 837 sold-out shows, Tony Bennett, Barry Manilow and Barbra Streisand. Bortnick made history again, performing 2 sold out concerts.
A review by the "Las Vegas Sun" said "Ethan Bortnick’s show at the Hilton (on Friday) night was history-making. It was a sold-out crowd, and there was so much heart and soul, plus energy felt from the audience. It was a spectacular night, 90 minutes of pure entertainment.”
Another review stated "...his performance was flawless..." and "Ethan's fingers seemed to fly across the piano's keyboard and the next moment after each number he got up to speak to his audience... Anyone who heard Ethan's music and did not know that the entertainer was only 10 years old would have thought he was an exceptionally talented adult pianist."
2nd PBS Special - Ethan Bortnick Live in Concert: The Power of Music.
Ethan recorded this concert before a live audience of over 2,000 people, accompanied by a 50 piece orchestra, a 4 piece band, along with 120 member Kids Choir and 3 background vocalists. 
Presented by WTTW National Productions and distributed nationally by The National Educational Telecommunications Association (NETA). 
Movies and film.
In September 2011, Bortnick finished filming a feature film entitled "Anything is Possible". Bortnick plays the leading role as Nathan, a young boy who's separated from his mother when she goes missing during a trip to Japan to help after the tsunami. The movie explores issues like homelessness, military family life and adoption.
Bortnick co-wrote the music with Grammy award winning songwriter and producer, Garry Baker, and his team Matthew Craig and Rob Collier. It has been reported that Ethan will also score the entire film.
Bortnick will become the youngest actor to co-write the soundtrack and play the leading role in a feature film.<br>
Co-stars include Fátima Ptacek, Lacey Chabert, Jonathan Bennett (actor), and Kym Whitley.
Recorded album.
In August 2011, Bortnick recorded in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, his first recorded album. The album is being produced by Grammy award winning songwriter and producer, Gary Baker, and his team Matthew Craig and Rob Collier. This album is the soundtrack to the film, "Anything is Possible", where Bortnick plays the leading role.
"Melody Street".
Bortnick is the host of "Melody Street", a 22-minute musical-variety-show for preschoolers. Bortnick and his five best friends, a band of animated musical instruments; Val Violin, Febe Flute, Timmy Trumpet, Heidi Horn and Sammy Snare, entertain kids with humor, songs, skits, interactive games, backstage dramas, celebrity musical guests, while teaching children about the beauty, joy and fun that stems from music.
Live performances.
On May 30, 2007, Bortnick opened Nelly Furtado's US tour at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Hollywood, Florida. This was her first show in the United States on her tour.
On June 1, 2008, Bortnick performed a full concert with the Naples Philharmonic Orchestra, under the musical direction of Andrew Lane. He was 7 years old and was the youngest performer to ever perform as the piano soloist with the Naples Orchestra.
On October 4, 2008, Bortnick performed to raise money for the Miami Children's Hospital Foundation's Diamond Ball and Concert, featuring Beyoncé Knowles, Smokey Robinson, and Gloria Gaynor at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, FL. A record $12 million was raised for the Foundation.
On September 15, 2008, Bortnick became the youngest co-host for the Chabad Telethon. With Bortnick co-hosting this live telethon, seen by millions of viewers, the telethon raised a record $8 million in one night.
On October 23, 2008, Bortnick performed for OneXOne to help raise money to help fight hunger, health issues and preserve the lives of children locally and globally. Matt Damon held an auction at the event with Ethan and Josh Groban. Other performers and celebrities included Santana, David Arquette, Josh Groban, and Wyclef Jean.
On January 6, 2009, Bortnick performed at a dinner hosted by Nancy Pelosi to honor the swearing in of the 111th United States Congress. Bortnick was the only performer the entire night.
On January 10, 2009, and January 11, 2009, Bortnick performed with the Orlando Philharmonic Orchestra under the musical direction of Andrew Lane. He was 8 years old and was the youngest performer to ever perform as the piano soloist with the Orlando Philharmonic Orchestra
On February 4, 2009, Bortnick performed at a fundraiser benefiting the Miami Children’s Hospital Foundation with chef Emeril Lagasse. Bortnick performed a song he wrote for Lagasse entitled "Bam — Kick It up a Notch" and presented the chef with the song’s lyrics.
On February 16, 2009, Bortnick performed in Sydney, Australia. The reaction and reviews were extremely favorable, with reviews stating "Within minutes Ethan... had the audience laughing with his wit and sense of timing... He has a unique mix of charisma, talent and good sense of humour, and therefore it was phenomenal to see someone of that age able to play piano with such skill and also entertain the crowd.."
On March 3, 2009, Bortnick performed with his friend Mark Rivera, who has been a featured member of Billy Joel's band since 1982 and has toured the world with John Lennon, Peter Gabriel, Simon & Garfunkel, The Eagles, and was Ringo Starr's musical director. Bortnick and Rivera performed, the day after the kickoff of Billy Joel's and Elton John's Face-to-Face Tour. The performance was in an inner city school to inspire young kids not to get discouraged and find their special gift to the world. The reviews of this performance were as follows: "Ethan stole the show. He's not only an exceptional musical prodigy, but he's charming and self assured. He easily established a rapport with his audience and told jokes. He had the... school students spellbound with his charisma and poise... After a few minutes on stage, I didn't think of him as a kid but a very short adult. His adult body language is uncanny... It was amazing to watch him play with those tiny hands, stretching to form the chords. But he does it with ease and advanced facility with style."
On March 27, 2009 and March 28, 2009, Bortnick performed at Muhammad Ali's event to help raise money in the fight against Parkinson’s disease and other charities. This event was held over two nights. Bortnick performed both nights. Bortnick, after finding out about the event, composed and wrote a song for Muhammad Ali, entitled "The Champ". After performing the first night, Ali embraced Ethan and everyone began singing "The Champ" with Ethan on stage (unplanned). Forrest Whitaker, Josh Groban, Reba McEntire, David Foster, Jordin Sparks and many others went on stage and sang this to Ali.
On April 27, 2009, Bortnick performed at a private event at the Fontainebleau Hotel backed by members of Billy Joel's band. Bortnick performed with Mark Rivera, Tommy Byrnes, Chuck Burgi, Andy Cichon, and David Rosenthal. Other performers that night included Howie Mandel and Katy Perry.
On May 18, 2009, Bortnick performed for the 18th annual Society of Singers Ella Awards, honoring Herb Alpert and Lani Hall.
On July 12, 2009, Bortnick opened for Sir Elton John, Gladys Knight and Tony Bennett. This event was to raise money for the Starkey Hearing Foundation and was hosted by Billy Crystal.
On September 13, 2009, Bortnick performed at a private dinner to help raise funds for OneXOne. In attendance were President Bill Clinton, Matt Damon, Elvis Costello and many others. At the event, President Clinton said "Maybe if I get really lucky young Ethan Bortnick will play for me another song or two", which Bortnick did.
On September 16, 2009, Bortnick performed, as the sole entertainer, for the Annual Benefit Event of American Friends of Lubavitch, one of the premier evenings on the Washington Social calendar. Attendees included Ambassador Nancy Goodman Brinker,Congressman John Lewis, Senator Joe Lieberman, Senator Arlen Specter and many others. Reviews of Bortnick's performance said "... highlight of the evening was certainly the phenomenal entertainment by... Ethan Bortnick... There wasn’t a dry eye in the house when he dedicated "G-d Bless America"..."
On October 12, 2009, Bortnick was the headline performer at Nokia Theater at LA Live. He is the youngest performer, at 8 years old, to Headline his own show at LA Live. His almost 2 hour show was backed by members of Billy Joel's band. Bortnick performed with Mark Rivera, Tommy Byrnes, Chuck Burgi, Andy Cichon, and David Rosenthal. Over 4,000 people were in attendance. This event was sponsored by the National Association for Home Care & Hospice, and Ethan wrote a new composition for the group, which he performed, named "A Hug Song". The president of NAHC wrote a letter to Ethan with comments such as "..one of the best experiences of my life..", "your showmanship was second to none..","..could only be described as a tour de force..". The following day, as part of the NAHC events, Ethan dined with Colin Powell and a few other members of the NAHC.
On October 22, 2009, Bortnick performed for OneXOne to help raise money to help fight hunger, health issues and preserve the lives of children locally and globally. Ethan opened the show for such musical acts as Josh Groban, Santana, and Snow Patrol. During Ethan's performance, he dedicated a song he wrote, called "It's for the Kids". Others that enjoyed Ethan's performance were Charlize Theron, Jeremy Piven, Mia Hamm, Laila Ali and many more
On October 24, 2009. Bortnick opened for Josh Groban at a private event in San Francisco. Ethan performed for 45 minutes and then Josh performed.
On February 4, 2010, Bortnick opened for Jordin Sparks, Jason Derulo, Sam Moore, David Archuleta for a Super Bowl Party at Miami's Eden Roc Hotel, raising money for various children's charities.
on February 24, 2010, Bortnick performed at The Grammy Museum a solo show for students.
On April 16, 2010, Bortnick performed at the Children Mending Hearts Benefit. Joining Bortnick that evening were Ben Affleck, Five for Fighting, Aisha Tyler, Alyssa Milano and others.
On August 1, 2010, Bortnick performed live at the historic KCET studios during the pledge drive.
On November 13, 2010, Bortnick performed at the Delta Awards Ceremony for Children's Miracle Network. Ethan performed a song he wrote called "It's a Miracle".
On November 17, 2010, Bortnick performed in Sao Paulo, Brazil to a sold out crowd. Reviews were phenomenal in all Brazil media, including reviews such as "... the 9 year old piano prodigy Ethan Bortnick won the audience from the first moment, acting, playing and singing by himself.."
On November 27, 2010, Bortnick performed with Ben Folds and the Nashville Symphony to help raise funds for the Schermerhorn Symphony Center. Ben Folds said "Yes, Ethan has perfect pitch and photographic memory, has performed with some of the worlds finest, has a repertoire of over 200 songs as well as his own compositions all at the age of nine. But more than that I am struck by is his spirit – his natural wisdom and ability to inspire both musically and personally."
On December 9, 2010, Bortnick performed at the Haim Saban's IDF Fundraising dinner in Beverly Hills, opening for David Foster and Andrea Bocelli, with reviews that stated "But the most tender part of the night was when 9-year-old piano prodigy Ethan Bortnick took the stage to perform.."
On March 8, 2011, Bortnick performed at the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas to raise money for the Remax and Children's Miracle Network Auction. He raised $105,000 in less than 10 minutes, auctioning off 3 private concerts to the highest bidders. This was a record amount for this event.
On April 2, 2011, Bortnick performed a concert for the Larry King foundation. Bortnick opened for Mary J. Blige.
On April 11, 2011, Bortnick opened the 27th National Space Foundation Symposium. It was attended by over 9,000 people in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
On May 28, 2011, Bortnick was one of the headliners of the 2011 Jacksonville Jazz Festival. He performed two, standing room only, headline shows at the festival. Other Headliners included Natalie Cole and Herbie Hancock
On August 23, 2011, Bortnick performed as the opening act for legendary songwriter and composer Marvin Hamlisch, in Montreal, Canada.
Discography.
Tracklist
We are the World – 25 for Haiti.
On February 1, 2010, Bortnick became the youngest artist to record with some 70 artists, the song "We Are the World 25 for Haiti". This was the 25th anniversary of the original recording. Produced by Quincy Jones, Lionel Richie and others, this new recording will help the country of Haiti. Ethan, at age 9, was the youngest artist and recorded the song with the following artists Barbra Streisand, Celine Dion, Miley Cyrus, Jonas Brothers, Harry Connick Jr., Justin Bieber, Carlos Santana, Pink, will.i.am, Lil Wayne, Kanye West, LL Cool J, Robin Thicke, Akon, Rob Thomas, Wyclef Jean, Jeff Bridges, Vince Vaughn, Jordin Sparks, Good Charlotte's Madden brothers, Tony Bennett, Josh Groban, Snoop Dogg, Jennifer Hudson, Keri Hilson, Jamie Foxx, Tyrese, Katharine McPhee, Sean Garrett, Brandy, Melanie Fiona, Enrique Iglesias, Toni Braxton, Jason Mraz, Busta Rhymes, Nicole Scherzinger, Nicole Richie, Julianne Hough, Raphael Saadiq, Zac Brown Band, India.Arie, Randy Jackson, Musiq Soulchild, Heart's Ann and Nancy Wilson, Fonzworth Bentley, Kid Cudi, Iyaz, Bizzy Bone, Nipsey Hussle, the Beach Boys' Brian Wilson and Al Jardine, Trey Songz, Faith Evans, Mýa and Gladys Knight.
The song premiered Friday, February 12, during the opening ceremony of the Vancouver Winter Olympics.
Radio/print.
Bortnick has been interviewed by many local, national and international radio stations and newspapers/magazines.
On December 20, 2008, Bortnick was a guest on the NPR's "Weekend Edition" program. Listeners wrote into NPR with comments such as "This interview was one of the most enjoyable of the year."
On February 12, 2010, Ethan was featured in "Rolling Stone" in an article titled "Preview the New "We Are the World," Plus Meet Nine-Year-Old Singer Ethan Bortnick"
On August 1, 2010 Ethan was featured in the LIFE section of the "USA Today". With quotes such as "Ethan is as comfortable playing before a live TV audience in Hollywood, Calif., as he is noodling on his piano at home in Hollywood, Fla... The little boy with the grown-up talent seems happily adjusted to his double life. Elfin, cheerful and self-assured, Ethan tackles music with fervor and focus."
On May 1, 2011 Ethan was Featured in the Keyboard Magazine In a section entitled "MAJORminor".
On July 22, 2011, Ethan was featured in the "Las Vegas Review Journal", in the NEON Entertainment section.
Honors and awards.
On March 13, 2011 Ethan received a Young Artist Award for outstanding Instrumentalist.
In 2011, Ethan received a People's Choice Telly Awards for his PBS Television Special.

</doc>
<doc id="19118427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118427" title="FC Kasiysi">
FC Kasiysi

FC Kasiysi is a Finnish football club established in 1989. The club is located in the city of Espoo and specialises in youth football at all levels. FC Kasiysi also serves as a youth developmental club for FC Espoo.
The club's men's team plays in the fourth division, the fifth tier of football in Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19118438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118438" title="1918–19 Rangers F.C. season">
1918–19 Rangers F.C. season

The 1918–19 season is the 29th season of competitive football by Rangers.
Overview.
Rangers played a total of 34 competitive matches during the 1918–19 season. They finished second in the Scottish League Division One after winning 26 of the 34 league matches and collecting a total of 57 points (one less than top placed Celtic).
The Scottish Cup was not competed for this season as the Scottish Football Association had withdrawn the tournament due to the outbreak of the First World War.
Results.
All results are written with Rangers' score first.

</doc>
<doc id="19118491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118491" title="Inga Strelkova-Oboldina">
Inga Strelkova-Oboldina

Inga Petrovna Strelkova-Oboldina (; born December 23, 1968) is Russian theatre and film actress.
Biography.
Born on December 23, 1968 in a small Ural town of Kyshtym, in a family of engineers. After high school came in Chelyabinsk Institute of Culture and Art at the Faculty of theatrical directing. In the process of studying Inga Petrovna fonded acting skill - playing on stage. The fourth course of study Inga Oboldina marries for classmates Garold Strelkov and takes a double surname - Strelkova-Oboldina. After graduating from university with a red diploma remains to teach at the institute at the Department of scenic speech. And two years later, leaving teaching, together with her husband relcated to Moscow. In Moscow, Inga Strelkova-Oboldina enters the GITIS - (RATI) (workshop of Pyotr Fomenko). On November 6, 1996 will have a premiere of the play "Sakhalin wife" of Garold Strelkov on stage just created StrelkoV-Theatre. Inga plays in the theatre of her husband.
In 1998, Inga Strelkova-Oboldina received the proposal removed in the series "Samozvantsy".
December 21, 2012 gave birth to a daughter, Clara from the St. Petersburg actor and director Vitaly Saltykov.

</doc>
<doc id="19118550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118550" title="Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man">
Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man

Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man () is a 1976 Italian crime film (a "polizieschi") directed by Ruggero Deodato and starring Marc Porel.

</doc>
<doc id="19118566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118566" title="France in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958">
France in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958

France participated at the Eurovision Song Contest 1958, held in Hilversum, the Netherlands.
Radiodiffusion-Télévision Française (RTF) internally selected André Claveau to sing for France, with the song being selected in a national final. The final took place on February 2, 1958 at Gaumont Film Studios in Neuilly-sur-Seine and was hosted by Marianne Lecène. The winning song of the final was selected by the votes of juries arranged by 14 musicians.
At Eurovision.
Claveau sang 3rd on the night of the contest, following the Netherlands and preceding Luxembourg. At the close of the voting he received 27 points, placing first of 10 countries, and giving France their first victory at the contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19118571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118571" title="Letter from an Unknown Woman (2004 film)">
Letter from an Unknown Woman (2004 film)

Letter from an Unknown Woman is a 2004 Chinese film written and directed by Xu Jinglei and is her second feature film as director after 2002's "My Father and I". The film is an adaptation of Stefan Zweig's 1922 novella of the same name which was also adapted in 1948 by screenwriter Howard Koch. The film stars Xu and Jiang Wen as lovers during the 1930s and 1940s in Beijing. The film was produced by Asian Union Film & Media.
Xu Jinglei won the Best Director award for the film at the 2004 San Sebastián International Film Festival.
Script.
Originally the film's story was to have taken place in modern times, spanning the 1970s through the 1990s. Eventually Xu moved the film's setting several decades back in time, to avoid dealing with social issues such as unmarried mothers and prostitution during the Cultural Revolution and beyond that would have aroused the suspicions of Chinese censors. 
Xu also decided to use Beijing as the primary setting over cities like Shanghai (which she felt was overly colonial), Chongqing, and Nanjing (both of which were too turbulent during the war to adequately serve as the setting for a love story). Additionally, Xu felt that Beijing would offer a distinct visual perspective that would have been absent in other Chinese cities.
Story.
In the winter of 1948, Beijing, a renowned writer (Jiang Wen) receives a letter from an unknown woman on his birthday. As he reads the letter, a female voiceover begins to recount a relationship he has forgotten. The woman, a Miss Jiang, tells of her first infatuation with the writer when she was in her early teens, when she was his neighbour at a siheyuan. When she moved back to Beijing years later as a student at the Peking Women's College, she had a brief liaison with him, after which she became pregnant. Days later, the writer had completely forgotten about her. 
She gave birth to their son in Sichuan, during the war-torn years of the Second Sino-Japanese war. When she moved back to Beijing eight years later, after the war, she became a dance hostess to support her son. Although the two met again, the writer could not recognize her. They had one last liaison again. Though finding her familiar, the writer failed to pin down her identity. On the day after their son dies, she decides to write this letter to let him know of their existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19118627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118627" title="Elston Cardiff">
Elston Cardiff

Lewis Elston Cardiff (22 January 1889 – 16 April 1969) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Brussels, Ontario and initially chose farming as his career.
From 1932 to 1940, Elston Cardiff was Reeve of Ontario's Morris Township. After this he entered federal politics with his election at the Huron North riding in the 1940 general election. He became a member of Parliament under the National Government party banner which was used by the Conservative Party at that time. Cardiff became a Progressive Conservative member when that party adopted this new name in 1942.
Cardiff was re-elected to successive Parliament terms at Huron North in 1945 and 1949. He was then re-elected at Huron riding after electoral district boundary changes, winning in 1953, 1957, 1958, 1962 and 1963. The 26th Canadian Parliament marked his final term in office and Cardiff did not seek another term in the 1965 election.
During his time in federal office, Cardiff was party Whip in 1957 and 1958. For two years from November 1959 he served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Agriculture, then from January to April 1962 as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of National Health and Welfare.

</doc>
<doc id="19118671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118671" title="Courtney Meredith">
Courtney Meredith

Courtney Meredith (born 23 September 1926) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Neath. He won fourteen caps for Wales and also played for invitational club the Barbarians. Meredith was a powerful prop, and was much praised by second row players for his tight packing, which allowed them the opportunity to shove the opposition. He played both tight and loose head prop but preferred tight head.
On the 1955 British and Irish Lions Tour the all-Welsh front row of Billy Williams, Bryn Meredith and Courtney Meredith was selected for a Lions test match. This did not occur again until June 2009 when Gethin Jenkins, Adam Jones and Matthew Rees were selected as the British and Irish Lions front row for the 2nd Test against South Africa.
"International matches played"
<br>Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19118673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118673" title="Confessions of a Frustrated Housewife">
Confessions of a Frustrated Housewife

Confessions of a Frustrated Housewife () is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Andrea Bianchi and starring Carroll Baker. 

</doc>
<doc id="19118676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118676" title="Punk rock in Spain">
Punk rock in Spain

In Spain, the punk rock scene emerged in 1978, when the country had just emerged from forty years of fascist dictatorship under General Franco, a state that “melded state repression with fundamentalist Catholic moralism”. Even after Franco died in 1975, the country went through a “volatile political period”, in which the country had to try to relearn democratic values and install a constitution. When punk emerged, it “did not appropriate socialism as its goal”; instead, it embraced “nihilism”, and focused on keeping the memories of past abuses alive, and accusing all of Spanish society of collaborating with the fascist regime.
The early punk scene included a range of marginalized and outcast people, including workers, unemployed, leftists, anarchists, queens, dykes, poseurs, scroungers, and petty criminals. The scenes varied by city. In Madrid, which had been the power center of Franco’s Falangist party, the punk scene was like “a release valve” for the formerly repressed youth. In Barcelona, a city which had a particularly “marginalized status under Franco”, because he suppressed the area’s “Catalan language and culture”, the youth felt an “exclusion from mainstream society” that enabled them to come together and form a punk subculture.
The first independently-released Spanish punk disc was a 45 RPM record by Almen TNT in 1979. The song, which sounded like the US band The Stooges stated that no one believed in revolution anymore, and it criticized the emerging consumer culture in Spain, as people flocked to the new department stores. The early Spanish punk records, most of which emerged in the explosion of punk in 1978, often reached back to “old-fashioned 50s rock-n-roll to glam to early metal to Detroit’s hard protopunk”, creating an aggressive mix of fuzz guitar, jagged sounds, and crude Spanish slang lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="19118690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118690" title="Chen Kun">
Chen Kun

Chen Kun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19118693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118693" title="Akombo Ukeyima">
Akombo Ukeyima

Akombo Ukeyima (born November 25, 1987 in Mokwa) is a Nigerian footballer, who currently plays for Sunshine Stars F.C..
Career.
Before joining the Åland Islands based club, Ukeyima played for the Swedish outfit GIF Sundsvall. In January 2009, he left IFK Mariehamn in the Finnish Premier Division after a loan period, and returned to Sundsvall. 
Ukeyima made his debut for Mariehamn on August 31, 2008 and scored the opening goal in his new club's 2 - 1 victory over RoPS.
Before moving to Scandinavia he played for Kwara United F.C. until January 2007. The striker left in January 2011 his club GIF Sundsvall and returned to Nigeria, who signed for Sunshine Stars F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19118720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118720" title="K B High School">
K B High School

K B High School is a high school in Mymensingh, Bangladesh.
The school was established in 1971 to provide education for the children of the teachers and staff of Bangladesh Agricultural University. Later on the school expanded and over 2000 students attended the school including the surrounding areas. From the beginning it made a very good success in the Board examination S.S.C in both science and arts. The main building consists three floors and there are three other structures which provide class rooms. 
Many alumni of these school are graduates of BUET and Medical Colleges like DMC, SMC, MMC and Dhaka University. It is one of the best schools in the district of Mymensingh and several times listed in the top 20 schools of Dhaka Board in S.S.C examination.

</doc>
<doc id="19118754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118754" title="No Rest for the Wicked (Helix album)">
No Rest for the Wicked (Helix album)

No Rest for the Wicked is the third studio album by the Canadian rock band Helix. It is also their major label debut, on Capitol Records.
Track list.
All songs written by Helix except where noted
Credits.
Production.
Produced by Tom Treumuth for H&S Productions. Co-Produced by Helix and William Seip.
Mixed by Tony Bongiovi at Power Station Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="19118755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118755" title="Kamal Habibollahi">
Kamal Habibollahi

Kamal Habibollahi () was Commander of the Imperial Iranian Navy (December 1975 Astara, Iran - 11 February 1979) until the Islamic Revolution. He held minister posts during the military government of Gholam Reza Azhari (6 November 1978 - 4 January 1979).
In August 1981, he led a group of people loyal to the Shah in seizing the Tabarzin, an Iranian missile boat, off the coast of Spain, in order to draw attention to the continued resistance to Khomeini. In 1986 he was living in the Washington D.C. area of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19118768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118768" title="Campbell Millar">
Campbell Millar

Campbell Ewing Millar (12 February 1911 – 17 July 1991) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia and became an inspector by career.
He was first elected at the Middlesex East riding in the 1962 general election, then re-elected there in 1963. In the 1965 election, Millar was defeated at Middlesex East by Jim Lind of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="19118770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118770" title="Miloslav Kousal">
Miloslav Kousal

Miloslav Kousal (born 29 October 1978) is a Czech football striker is currently a free agent.
During his career he has played for Czech clubs FC Viktoria Plzeň and SK Kladno in the Gambrinus liga, Slovenian Publikum Celje, Israeli Hapoel Kiryat Shmona F.C., Albanian KS Vllaznia Shkodër and Cypriot Ayia Napa FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19118796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118796" title="Planet Bob &amp; Tom">
Planet Bob &amp; Tom

Planet Bob & Tom is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in December 1995. It is a double disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19118804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118804" title="The Big Operator">
The Big Operator

The Big Operator () is a 1976 French comedy film directed by Claude Pinoteau and starring Yves Montand.

</doc>
<doc id="19118815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118815" title="Samagaun">
Samagaun

Samagaun is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 665 and had 179 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19118825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118825" title="Saurpani">
Saurpani

Saurpani is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,178 and had 1052 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19118827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118827" title="Fred Stenson (politician)">
Fred Stenson (politician)

Fred Frise Stenson (26 July 1914 – 5 June 1990) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was a farmer by career.
He was first elected at the Peterborough riding in
the 1962 general election, then re-elected there in 1963. Stenson was defeated in the 1965 election by Hugh Faulkner of the Liberal party. He died in 1990 in Peterborough.

</doc>
<doc id="19118831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118831" title="Shreenathkot">
Shreenathkot

Shreenathkot is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,503 and had 641 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19118835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118835" title="Simjung">
Simjung

Simjung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,407 and had 1080 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19118843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118843" title="Sirdibas">
Sirdibas

Sirdibas is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,225 and had 480 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19118851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118851" title="Swara, Nepal">
Swara, Nepal

Swara is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,291 and had 652 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19118852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118852" title="Sumas River">
Sumas River

The Sumas River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S. state of Washington.
Course.
The Sumas River originates in Whatcom County, Washington just north of the Nooksack River and west of Sumas Mountain. It flows generally northeast, crossing the Canada–United States border and emptying into the Fraser River.
Swift Creek, a tributary of the Sumas River, is contaminated with naturally occurring asbestos-laden sediment from the slow-moving Swift Creek Landslide.
History.
The Sumas River used to flow into Sumas Lake, a large lake on the Fraser River's floodplain. In the 1920s the lake was drained.

</doc>
<doc id="19118862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118862" title="Taklung">
Taklung

Taklung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,835 and had 859 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19118865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118865" title="Takukot">
Takukot

Takukot is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,234 and had 801 houses in the town.
Surya Jyoti Higher Secondary School is situated at Takukot VDC, Ward No. 4, Palkhu. Primary Schools are established at every ward of the VDC. The main transit point for trading and other purposes is Palkhu Bazar. Mirco Hydro Power is implementing from the Hudi Khola as Hudi Khola Micro Hydro Project with the effort of Local peoples. Peoples of wards no. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 are receiving advantages from hydroelectricity. Sub-Health Post is situated at Palkhu Bazar and the VDC Office is situated at Ward No. 1, Kotthok.

</doc>
<doc id="19118874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118874" title="James Forgie">
James Forgie

James Moffat Forgie (31 October 1889 – 3 May 1969) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Forgie was born in Pembroke, Ontario and became a barrister and lawyer. He attended schools at St. Andrews College then Queens University where he received his Bachelor of Arts in 1911, then attended Osgoode Hall Law School. He also served in World War I as a captain with the 48th Highlanders, then in World War II as a major with the Canadian Armoured Corps.
He made an unsuccessful attempt to win a seat in the Ontario Legislature in 1948. In the 1953 federal election, Forgie won at the Renfrew North riding and was re-elected there in 1957, 1958, 1962 and 1963. After completing his term in the 26th Canadian Parliament, Forgie left Parliament and did not seek a further term in the 1965 federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="19118890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118890" title="Siemens-Halske Sh 22">
Siemens-Halske Sh 22

The Siemens-Halske Sh 22 (also known as SAM 22) was a nine-cylinder aircraft radial engine manufactured by Siemens & Halske in Germany in the 1930s. Following the reorganization of its manufacturer and change in military nomenclature, the engine became known as the Bramo 322.
It was a result of a series of modifications to the original Bristol Jupiter IV design, which Siemens licensed in 1929. The first modifications were to "Germanize" the dimensions, producing the Sh.20 and Sh.21. The design was then bored out to produce the 950 hp (708 kW) Sh.22 in 1930. Like the Jupiter, the Sh.22 featured a rather "old" looking arrangement with rather prominent valve pushrods on the front of the engine. In the mid-1930s the Reich Air Ministry (RLM) rationalized engine naming, and Bramo was given the 300-block of numbers, the Sh.14 and Sh.22 becoming the Bramo 314 and 322 respectively. The 322 never matured and remained unreliable. It became a base for the more successful Bramo 323.

</doc>
<doc id="19118892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118892" title="Građanski Osijek">
Građanski Osijek

Građanski Osijek, full name Hrvatski građanski športski klub "(English: Croatian Citizens' Sports Club") was a Croatian football club established in Osijek in 1917 and dissolved in 1945. Among its most successful players were later internationals Franjo Glaser and Ernest Dubac.
Građanski won Osijek's first city championship in 1920. In 1924 it became a founding member of the Osijek Football Subfederation. The club was banned by the authorities of communist Yugoslavia in 1945

</doc>
<doc id="19118929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118929" title="Merciless Man">
Merciless Man

Merciless Man () is a 1976 crime film directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Tony Lo Bianco.

</doc>
<doc id="19118934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118934" title="Herbert Kuppisch">
Herbert Kuppisch

Herbert Kuppisch (10 December 1909 – 27 August 1943) was a "Kapitänleutnant" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and commander of , , , and . He is also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Herbert Kuppisch and the entire crew of "U-847" were killed by aircraft from the US escort carrier on 27 August 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19118938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118938" title="Charles Lamb (politician)">
Charles Lamb (politician)

Charles Wesley Lamb (1891 - 12 July 1965) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Prince Albert, Ontario and became an auctioneer and businessman by career.
He was first elected at the Victoria riding in the 1963 general election, but died in office before completing his term in the 26th Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19118943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118943" title="Forente Artister">
Forente Artister

Forente Artister (English: United Artists) was a group of Norwegian artists that went together in 1985 to record the song "Sammen for livet" (English: "Together for Life") in order to raise money for the victims of hunger in Africa. The lyrics were written by Halvdan Sivertsen and the melody by Åge Aleksandersen. This project was inspired by Band Aid and Forente Artister was thus part of a large humanitarian initiative. The project resulted in an album which in addition to "Sammen for livet" also consisted of several newly recorded songs by some of the participators. The song and the project received a special award in the Spellemannsprisen 1985 (The Norwegian equivalent to Grammy awards).

</doc>
<doc id="19118947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118947" title="Roland, Arkansas">
Roland, Arkansas

Roland is a census-designated place in Pulaski County, Arkansas, United States. Its population was 746 as of the 2010 census.

</doc>
<doc id="19118969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118969" title="Terren Peizer">
Terren Peizer

""Terren S. Peizer"", chronicled by the LA Times as a financial prodigy,and often called the "Zelig of Wall Street"[2 is currently the Chairman of his personal Los Angeles-based investment vehicle, Crede Capital Group (CCG), Since its inception in June 2009, CCG has provided companies with capital commitments and funding in excess of $910 million.In the third quarter of 2011, after investing $15 million into Poynt, Crede Capital then orchestrated a Joint Venture (JV) with The People's Republic of China's Communist Youth League (China Youth Goyor Technology(Beijing) Co., LTD.). China Youth League ("CYL") is a youth movement of The People's Republic of China that plays a vital role in the development of China.
Communist Youth League of China (CYL) has over 83 million young members between the ages of 14 and 28, the majority of which are typically well-educated and influential. The joint venture will provide a location based search, advertising, and commerce platform to China's 230 million smartphone users. The platform will include additional functionality, such as local news, video messaging, gaming, e-books, and online novels, social networking services, and e-wallet solutions. Most recently, Peizer's Crede entity completed a $40 million investment in Xcite Energy Ltd. (XEL: LSE) at GBP.95. Within a week of Xcite's public announcement of Peizer's investment,the company's equity traded as high as GBP 1.88, providing an immediate windfall to Xcite's Shareholders, and those investors who piggy-backed on Peizer's investment. Peizer's Crede and affiliates have agreed to invest an additional $90 million in Xcite Energy Ltd. in the coming year.
Peizer also is the founder, control shareholder, chairman and CEO of Catasys, Inc. Through its OnTrak substance dependence treatment program, Catasys, Inc. provides an innovative, proprietary and integrated program that combines medical interventions, psychosocial therapy and care coaching into a comprehensive, long-term treatment solution. Catasys has contracts in place with Health Plan of Nevada, Coventry Health Care, Inc. (Kansas, Oklahoma, Louisiana), Fallon Community Health Plan of Massachusetts, and Ford Motor Company (catasyshealth.com). According to SEC filings, the company has a pipeline in excess of 14 million managed care lives (sec.gov). These populations consist of Commercial, Medicare, Medicaid, and dual eligible plans.
Raised in Beachwood, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, Peizer has assisted companies by assembling management teams, boards of directors and scientific advisory boards, formulating business and financial strategies, and investor relations; all towards the purpose of creating shareholder value. Mr. Peizer has a background in venture capital, investing, Mergers and Acquisitions, corporate finance, and previously held senior executive positions with the top investment banking firms Goldman Sachs, First Boston and Drexel Burnham Lambert. Mr. Peizer received his B.S.E. in finance from The Wharton Business School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Peizer has been called "One of Wall Street's top players" and has frequently noted the importance of his Midwestern family values in various interviews. Peizer has exhibited a humble and modest lifestyle consistent with his Midwestern upbringing.
Investment career.
Mr. Terren Peizer is a graduate of the Wharton Business School at the University of Pennsylvania. In 1980 and at just the young age of 20 years old, Mr. Peizer was recruited by former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin of Goldman Sachs. He was believed to be the youngest "Associate" during that era. In 1983, he was recruited by First Boston and quickly established himself as the most profitable High-Yield Bond Trader. He was often referred to as the "Michael Milken of the East Coast" because in his workaholic manner, he provided Drexel Burnham Lambert clients with an alternative to the Milken-controlled, High-Yield Bond market. During his association with First Boston Mr. Peizer capitalized a little known reverse merged company, Danaher, Inc. Today, Danaher, Inc. is one of America's largest industrial companies. Mr. Peizer's most notable work while at First Boston, came when he and his clients led the restructuring and financing of Ted Turner's insolvent Turner Broadcasting Corporation. Mr. Peizer capitalized Turner Broadcasting Corp's CNN and WTBS Super Station with $185 million; thereby, saving the Turner Broadcasting Corporation from bankruptcy.
In the spring of 1985, in an effort to remove the competition from the marketplace, Michael Milken partnered with the young Mr. Peizer, and made him senior vice president of Drexel Burnham Lambert. Michael Milken immediately anointed Mr. Peizer as his "protégé and left-hand man." Because Mr. Peizer and Michael Milken shared clients, desk and phone, it was not long before Mr. Peizer assumed responsibilities for all of Milken's direct client relationships. This made young Peizer the most productive executive on the famous X-shaped high-yield bond desk. His reputation as Milken's top sharp-elbowed traders would provide the foundation to his investment career.
In the midst of Drexel's liquidation that occurred in 1990, Mr. Peizer was laid off with 5,300 other Drexel employees. Mr. Peizer agreed to testify against Milken in exchange for immunity, helping send his former boss to prison.
Mr. Peizer utilized his risk-taking entrepreneurialship and purchased the Omaha Racers, a minor league basketball team. Under his ownership, the Racers won the CBA Championship. At this point, Mr. Peizer opportunistically sold the team and sought other financial ventures.
Mr. Peizer then started his investment company, Beachwood Financial and Wendover Financial Corporation, named after his hometown and home street, stating "never forget where you came from." Stephen. "From rats to riches". Financial World, Apr 26, 1994.</ref> He later teamed up with Neil Cole to capitalize the company "Candies" which is the predecessor to today's multi-billion dollar Iconix Brand Group. During Mr. Peizer's early investment career, his function for many of these smaller and developmental-stage companies was once described as "lender of almost last resort." Mr. Peizer's investment savvy empowered him to obtain favorable deals with these companies still in their early developmental stages.
From 1999 through 2002, Mr. Peizer was Chairman of the Board of Cray, Inc., a NASDAQ Global Market company and the Super Computer industry's leading designer and builder. He still remains its largest beneficial stockholder.
In August 2006, Mr. Peizer founded and served as chairman of the board of Xcorporeal, Inc., and a developer of Wearable Artificial Kidneys. For a substantial multi-million dollar upfront payment and ongoing licensing royalties, he licensed most of the company's intellectual property to the dialysis industry's dominant services provider Fresenius Medical Care. Many of these companies, including Xcorporeal, Hythiam and Cray became public companies during Mr. Peizer's tenure.
Mr. Peizer's investment philosophy was taking shape in these early years, which, according to him, was to "Invest in situations where you tip the playing field in your favor and Invest in companies with low market caps but with the ability to change the way its industry does things." Peizer applied his financial acumen and structuring expertise to minimize his investment at risk, but allow for exponential returns. This philosophy has served Peizer well and has led to his founding of Cray, Xcorporeal and Hythiam. Mr. Peizer has often stated his hopes that the two medical companies will change the addiction treatment and kidney dialysis industries, respectively.
Major Deals and Financial Transactions.
Although there have been no recent attempts to estimate Peizer's wealth, the "Los Angeles Times" confirmed his net worth at $50 million back in 1994. While discussing the unusual step of Peizer investing his own personal net worth in some investment deals, the paper stated that he "avoids the usual accoutrements of wealth, such as big houses and expensive cars". In an article written in the 1990s, a reporter also noted that "Peizer still lives in the condo he bought nine years ago, when he came West to sit at Milken's left hand."
However, despite his modest surroundings, Peizer has been involved in some of the top U.S. financial transactions. For instance, while at Drexel, Peizer was involved in financing some of the largest multi-billion dollar corporate takeovers of the 1980s, including Ted Turner's purchase of MGM/UA Entertainment Co., and the buyout of Beatrice foods, Storer Cable, and RJR Nabisco. Peizer and his clients also led the financings of America's most innovative and pioneering companies. This is best exemplified by the capitalizing of McCaw Cellular, the nation's first national cell phone carrier, which later became AT&T Cellular. Peizer and his clients also led financings for such known Industrialists as: Ron Perlman, John Malone, Carl Icahn, Ted Turner, Nelson Peltz and Rupert Murdoch. Peizer and his clients also financed many of the early buyouts of LBO pioneers KKR, Blackstone Group and The Carlyle Group.
On the heels of the Turner/MGM/UA deal, Peizer became a magnet for entertainment deals and financings. One such deal, chronicled in the book "Hit and Run" married Peter Guber and Jon Peters', Guber Peter's & Co. with Burt Surgarman's Barris Industries. Motivated by Barris' $100 Million cash hoard, Peizer merged the two companies, which was then parlayed into Sony Pictures.
In 1999, Peizer surprised the financial markets when he successfully outbid Billionaire Alec Gores Technology Group in a takeover bid for Cray Research (now Cray, Inc.) by the much smaller Peizer-controlled, Tera Computer Co. Tera issued cash, stock and notes to purchase the once-struggling supercomputer company from Silicon Graphics. Over the years, Cray has developed many of the supercomputers used by the U.S. Defense and Intelligence communities, pharmaceutical, aerospace, oil drilling and weather and seismic industries. Within 2 years of Peizer's acquisition, Cray's market capitalization grew from $25 million to $1.3 Billion. While building these companies, Peizer became integral and developed such an investor following, that his departure would have a profound effect on these companies. When he stepped down from one such company, the stock took a downward turn when a press release in 1999 "announced his "resignation", claiming that his "objectives have been achieved." The stock dropped 16% on the day of the announcement. The stock has drifted further south to $13.50, off 47% from its 52-week high, from Peizer's resignation."
Drexel Burnham Lambert.
Peizer is occasionally also known for his role, then only 28 years old, in cooperating "along with other Drexel employees and clients" as a witness in the government's case against Michael Milken and Drexel Burnham Lambert, Inc. in the federal crackdown on insider trading in the mid to late 1980s; which eventually led to guilty pleas from financier Michael Milken and Drexel. The case was prosecuted by Rudolph Giuliani while he was the U.S. attorney in New York. Peizer himself was never involved in any Securities and Exchange Commission infractions, nor a subject or a target for any criminal prosecution; Peizer was merely a witness, amongst other Drexel employees and clients. In court transcripts, Judge Kimba Wood applauded Peizer for his sincerity, honesty, and integrity.
Hythiam and Prometa.
Peizer founded the Prometa Treatment Program in 2003 and launched Hythiam, Inc. in 2004. Peizer capitalized the company with in excess of $170 Million. The Prometa program, which cost consumers $15,000 for a three-part infusion, uses a combination of three FDA approved medications, none of which had ever been used to treat substance dependence. Peizer was successful in getting Hythiam listed on the NASDAQ Global Market Exchange, using a technique Peizer has utilized many times before, and has become Wall Street's leader in, the Reverse Merger or Reverse Public Offering (RPO). In July 2010, Hythiam and Peizer gained its first heath plan customer (Health Plan of Nevada, Inc.), joining Ford Motor Company and the United Auto Workers in its adoption of Hythiam's Catasys Integrated Substance Dependence Solution. Peizer still envisions Hythiam's treatment methodology being deployed throughout the nation.
Hythiam's success has not come without criticism. Hythiam gained some notice for its 2006 ad campaign licensing deceased comedian Chris Farley's image with the slogan, "It wasn't all his fault" (alluding to his death from a drug overdose). This advertisement campaign garnered national attention, as Peizer became a fixture on the American news circuit, regularly appearing on national news syndicates such as Fox News, CNN, "Good Morning America", "The Today Show", and CNBC's "Squawk Box" and "Mad Money". Despite questions about its tastefulness, and criticism from addiction treatment providers for advertising direct to consumers, Peizer defended the campaign as "creating awareness" about addiction as a medical disease, not a social and psychological personality disorder.
Other critics focused on the company's emphasis on sales over research that would establish the validity of Prometa, especially since the FDA restricts marketing of drugs to the purpose for which they have been approved. Peizer justified the company's approach in a 60 Minutes episode as providing information about the treatment protocol to physicians, since Hythiam does not market the medications directly to consumers. The physicians in the practice of medicine then prescribe the medications to the patients in need.The FDA allows physicians to prescribe all FDA approved medications off label in the practice of medicine. Addiction experts marveled that Peizer was exploiting a nuance and "loophole" that no one ever dared before him.

</doc>
<doc id="19118970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118970" title="Charles Lamb (disambiguation)">
Charles Lamb (disambiguation)

Charles Lamb (1775–1834) was an English essayist
Charles Lamb may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19118976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118976" title="Tandrang, Gorkha">
Tandrang, Gorkha

Tandrang is a Village Development Committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,368 and had 838 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19118977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118977" title="Capovilla">
Capovilla

Capovilla can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19118985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118985" title="Tanglichok">
Tanglichok

Tanglichok is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,632.

</doc>
<doc id="19118996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19118996" title="Taple">
Taple

Taple is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,398 and had 903 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19119006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119006" title="Tara Nagar">
Tara Nagar

Tara Nagar is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,698 and had 1066 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19119010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119010" title="Thalajung">
Thalajung

Thalajung is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,357 and had 630 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19119018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119018" title="Thumi">
Thumi

Thumi is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,690 and had 727 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19119021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119021" title="Farajollah Rasai">
Farajollah Rasai

Admiral Farajollah Rasai (1910-2002) was the Commander of the Imperial Iranian Navy from 1961 to 1972 and the most Senior Naval Commander of the Iranian Navy. He joined the Navy in 1929 and was trained at Naval Academy of Livorno. Under his command, the Iranian Navy regained the Abu Musa Islands and the Greater and Lesser Tunbs on 30 November 1971. After he retired in 1972, he was an Iranian Senator until the Islamic Revolution when he fled Iran and lived in the United States until his death in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19119024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119024" title="Uiya">
Uiya

Uiya is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1,728 and had 382 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19119031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119031" title="Ghyachok">
Ghyachok

Ghyachok is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,236.
References.
ngfvgygfhfv tt

</doc>
<doc id="19119043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119043" title="Warpak">
Warpak

Barpak is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,556 and had 888 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19119092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119092" title="Over 60 Minutes With...">
Over 60 Minutes With...

Over 60 Minutes With... is the 7th album release by Canadian hard rock/heavy metal band Helix. Their first-ever compilation, it collects music from their first three Capitol Records albums but includes nothing from 1987's "Wild in the Streets". It was released on cassette and CD. Along with past singles and album tracks, the compilation album also includes previously unreleased songs "Everybody Pays the Price" and "Give It To You". Also included is "Jaws of the Tiger", which had first been released in 1986 as the B-side of the "It's Too Late" single. 
"Give It To You" was later re-recorded and re-released on 1990's "Back For Another Taste". "Jaws of the Tiger" was re-recorded and re-released on 1999's "B-sides". "Everybody Pays the Price" was never re-recorded, but it was re-released as the B-side to the single "The Storm", and also on the Helix compilation "".

</doc>
<doc id="19119113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119113" title="G-Enka">
G-Enka

Henry Kõrvits (born 30 December 1974 in Tallinn), better known by his stagename G-Enka is an Estonian rapper and record producer.
G-Enka started rapping in 1996 along with Revo and DJ Paul Oja, who was G-Enka's schoolmate. Together they started a band called Toe Tag. Their first album "The Real Kuhnja Homophobes" was released next year. In 1998, G-Enka and Revo joined another Estonian rap group, A-Rühm, and Toe Tag went on vacation. Also G-Enka started making his own solo songs. The most famous hit was "Tallinn", which was rapped along with Droopy in 2001. During the same year Toe Tag came back together and started a big Estonian tour. In 2004, Toe Tag released their second studio album "Legendaarne" "(Legendary)", which consisted of 18 songs. The most famous songs from the album were "Legendaarne" and "Pankrot" (Bankruptcy). In 2006, G-Enka and A-Rühm released their new album "Leegion" which had 23 songs. The most famous songs from this album were "Palmisaar" (Palm Island) and "Tugitooli Gangster" (Armchair Gangster).
G-Enka and DJ Paul Oja started their own record company, Legendaarne Records. Also G-Enka and A-Rühm were the warm-up performers for 50 Cent on his 2007 Europe promo tour for the "Curtis" album in Tallinn.

</doc>
<doc id="19119115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119115" title="Octatropine methylbromide">
Octatropine methylbromide

Octatropine methylbromide (INN) or anisotropine methylbromide (USAN), trade names Valpin, Endovalpin, Lytispasm and others, is a muscarinic antagonist and antispasmodic. It was introduced to the U.S. market in 1963 as an adjunct in the treatment of peptic ulcer, and promoted as being more specific to the gastrointestinal tract than other anticholinergics, although its selectivity was questioned in later studies.
Octatropine has been superseded by more effective agents in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease, and is no longer used. It is still sold in some countries in combination with other drugs, such as phenobarbital and metamizole.

</doc>
<doc id="19119116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119116" title="Irish Professional Championship">
Irish Professional Championship

The Irish Professional Championship was an invitational professional snooker tournament for mostly Irish and Northern Irish snooker players.
History.
The Irish Professional Championship was first staged in 1947 in Northern Ireland, and Jackie Rea became the inaugural champion. After that the event was held on a challenge basis, with the champion choosing his challenger. Rea won the championship every year but one until 1972, when he was beaten 28–12 by Alex Higgins. Higgins could defend the title four times in a row, before losing the title to Dennis Taylor. Taylor defended the title in the following two years. During this time the tournament was only sponsored in 1978 by Benson & Hedges and in 1979 by Smithwicks Brewery. 
In 1982 the tournament was converted to a knock-out tournament. Eight players took part, and was sponsored by Smithwicks Brewery. Higgins and Taylor won nine titles between them, and their run of success in the championship was interrupted only by Jack McLaughlin, in 1988. After the 1983 event Smithwicks ended their sponsorship, and Strongbow took over for 1985 and 1986 and Matchroom for 1987. After the 1989 event the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association withdrew their backing to national championships in form of £1,000 per player, and the event was discontinued.
In 1992 the event was revived with sponsorship by Murphy's, and for the first time, the event was held in Republic of Ireland. 34 players competed at the event. When Joe Swail and Jason Prince contested the 1992 final, it was the first time in over 20 years it featured neither Higgins or Taylor. It was held again in 1993, but was abandoned again. the event was organised last time between 2005 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19119122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119122" title="Uzi Baram">
Uzi Baram

Uzi Baram (, born 6 April 1937) is an Israeli former politician, who served as a member of the Knesset between 1977 and 2001, and was Minister of Tourism and Minister of Internal Affairs in the 1990s.
Biography.
Uzi Baram was born in Jerusalem during the Mandate era. His father, Moshe Baram served as Minister of Labour and Minister of Welfare, and was a Knesset member for Mapai and the Alignment. His mother, Grazia, was born in Aleppo, Syria. Baram grew up in Jerusalem's Nahalat Ahim neighborhood. Baram earned a BA in political science and sociology from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. During his studies, he was chairman of the Students Union.
Baram was elected to the Knesset in 1977 on the Alignment list, an election in which his father lost his seat. Re-elected in 1981, 1984, 1988 and 1992 (by which time the Alignment had become the Labor Party, he was appointed Minister of Tourism in Yitzhak Rabin's government in July 1992. In February 1995 he also became Minister of Internal Affairs, serving until June that year when David Libai was appointed to the post. When Shimon Peres formed a new government following Rabin's assassination, he remained Minister of Tourism.
Although he retained his seat in the 1996 elections, Likud formed the government and Baram lost his place in the cabinet. He was re-elected in 1999 on the One Israel list (an alliance of the Labor Party, Gesher and Meimad), but resigned from the Knesset in February 2001, and was replaced by Efi Oshaya.

</doc>
<doc id="19119143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119143" title="John VI, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst">
John VI, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst

John VI of Anhalt-Zerbst (Zerbst, 24 March 1621 – Zerbst, 4 July 1667), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Zerbst.
He was the only son of Rudolph, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst, by his second wife Magdalene, daughter of John XVI, Count of Oldenburg.
John VI is also an ancestor of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry, for his great-great-grandson Paul I of Russia is a great-great-grandfather of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark, great-grandfather of the Princes through his only son Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Life.
John succeeded his father in Anhalt-Zerbst at only four months of age; during his long minority, his paternal uncle Augustus of Anhalt-Plötzkau acted as regent in the principality.
John's education was supervised primarily by his mother. Political instability caused by warfare during the Thirty Years War caused John to be educated in Zerbst, Coswig, and Wittenberg at various times. From 1633 he continued his education at the court of his maternal uncle Anthony Günther, Count of Oldenburg.
Immediately after he reached adulthood and formally assumed the government of his state, John made Lutheranism the official religion of Zerbst. He increased the size of his principality noticeably by acquiring various fiefs.
In 1642 his uncle Louis of Anhalt-Köthen, admitted John to the Fruitbearing Society together with the "Hofrat" Konrad Balthasar Pichtel and the "Hofjunker" Joachim von Boeselager. He chose the motto "anmutiger Schärfe" ("graceful sharpness"). As an emblem the flower Tropaeolaceae was reserved for him.
Marriage and issue.
In Gottorp on 16 September 1649 John married Sophie Auguste (b. Gottorp, 5 December 1630 – d. Coswig, 12 December 1680), daughter of Frederick III, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorp. They had fourteen children:

</doc>
<doc id="19119146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119146" title="Branko Isaković">
Branko Isaković

Branko Isaković is a Serbian bass player born in Valjevo in 1958. He was a member of notable rock bands active in former Yugoslavia. He closely collaborates with Dejan Cukić and Bilja Krstić and has his own projects TeodulIja and Divine Sound, focusing on ambiental, ethno and spiritual music.
Biography.
Isaković was born in Valjevo in 1958 and moved to Belgrade in 1961. His first interests in music came about 1970 when his school friend, today well known guitar player and producer Dušan "Duda" Bezuha needed a rhythm guitarist for his rhythm and blues band. Having finished the Sixth Belgrade high school Isaković joined the acoustic rock band Suncokret as a replacement for Bata Sokić who went to serve the army. Isaković left the band in 1978.
With former Tilt members Dejan Cukić (vocals) and Predrag Jakovljević (guitar), guitarist Nenad Stamatović, Isaković formed Bulevar. The band got the name "Bulevar" because all of the members lived near The Boulevard Of Revolution in Belgrade. The band performed as an opening act for Riblja Čorba including the September 1, 1979 appearance which was one of the band's major appearances. In the meantime the band Zvuk Ulice disbanded and their keyboard player Dragan Mitrić joined the band. Soon after the band, with the help of Riblja Čorba guitarist Momčilo Bajagić recorded their first single "Moje bezvezne stvari", but due to the illness of the president Josip Broz Tito, it was released in 1980 by Jugoton. The next single "Nestašni dečaci" became one of the anthems of New Wave in Yugoslavia and was included on the Jugoton compilation "Svi marš na ples!". In the meantime, the band started writing material for their debut record which was released through PGP RTB records in 1981. "Loš i mlad" was produced by the band themselves with the help of Tahir Durhali. The next album "Mala noćna panika" did not get a live tour as Mitrić, Stamatović and Cukić had to go to serve the army. The last concert the band held was in Skopje in 1982 and ceased to exist. Mitrić and Isaković joined the off project band Propaganda and released one album, "Apatija javnosti" in 1982. Isaković, beside bass, also played rhythm guitar.
After Bulevar disbanded Isaković went to Idoli, as a replacement for Zdenko Kolar who went to serve the Yugoslav People's Army, the band was about to record a new album. Idoli members went to London and with producer Bob Painter recorded "Čokolada". The album was a high success and was sold in about 350,000 copies. When "Čokolada" tour started, the relationship between the band members became colder and after the Ljubljana show, due to a quarrel, Idoli disbanded. Isaković together with Zdenko Kolar recorded bass sections on the "Šest dana juna" soundtrack album which was released as an Idoli record. In 1986 Isaković went to serve the army and on his returned joined the Krstić & Šaper backing band Unutrašnja Imperija and recorded the "Poslednja mladost u Jugoslaviji" album released by Jugoton in 1987. Later he toured with Bisera Veletanlić in the USSR and employed as a fireman in Belgrade.
When Dejan Cukić left Bajaga & Instruktori he decided to start a solo career and formed his backing band Spori Ritam Band. The lineup featured Isaković on bass, Dragoljub Đuričić on drums, Dragan Mitrić on keyboards, Saša Lokner on snare drums and Safet Petrovac on guitar. Together they released the "Spori ritam" album in 1987. He left Spori Ritam Band in 1989. Together with Dragoljub Đuričić, Isaković went to Kerber, hard rock band from Niš. With Kerber he recorded live album "121288" and studio album "Peta strana sveta". He left the band in 1992 and returned to Cukić's Spori Ritam Band and played until 2003.
In 1993 Isaković moved to Prague where he worked in a toy factory. When he came back to Yugoslavia, he appeared in the movie "Underground". During a trip to India Isaković got interested into ambiental and ethnic music. In 1996 he formed The Glissers with Ekatarina Velika keyboard player Margita Stefanović and Marija Mihajlović from Spori Ritam Band. This is the first time Isaković used a computer for recording which made him more interested in computer technology.
In 1997 came out the Dejan Cukić & Spori Ritam Band live album "Unplugged" recorded live in Novi Sad. At the same time Isaković met Ljuba Ninković who used to be the frontman of a famous acoustic band S Vremena Na Vreme. Together they recorded soundtracks for theater plays and commercial and TV music. The two with Bilja Krstić recorded the album "Bistrik" on a Pentium I computer in 1999. Together they formed the Bistrik Orchestra which became Bilja Krstić's backing band. The album was a huge success and the band toured Brazil, Russia, France, Italy and Greece. The following year Dejan Cukić recorded a soundtrack for the "Divlji med" play which is actually a cover album of Bob Dylan's songs with lyrics in Serbian language.
In 2001 with Ivica Stojanović, a friend from the First Belgrade Singers Company, Isaković started a project TeodulIja which was a combination of ethnic music and Christian Orthodox spiritual music. They released the "Priče iz davnina" CD in 2002. Bilja Krstić & Bistrik Orchestra participated the soundtrack album for Zona Zamfirova in 2001 and in 2003 released a studio album "Zapisi". 
The Romani music band Kal recorded their debut album in 2005 with Isaković on bass. The self titled album came out in 2006 through B92 records and Asphalt Tango Records. In the meantime Isaković started his own project Divine Sound which is a healing ambiental music band. The album "Order of Love" came out in April, 2005. It was created as music background for spoken word meditations by Vlado Ilić as part of family system therapy, following Dr Bert Hellinger's Systemic Constellations method. The CD contains five meditative compositions enriched by the voice of Marija Mihajlović and native flute played by Milinko Ivanović. In September, 2005 Bilja Krstić & Bistrik Orchestra started recording a new album released in 2007 entitled "Tarpoš". A new TeodulIja album "Vino istine" came out in 2007.
At the moment Isaković is composing, arranging, producing and recording new material for his musical project. He mostly works in his home studio in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="19119150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119150" title="Steve Rain">
Steve Rain

Steve Rain (June 2, 1975 in Los Angeles, California), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He played for the Chicago Cubs.

</doc>
<doc id="19119175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119175" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 100 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 48 participating athletes, with six qualifying heats, four quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Thursday 26 August 1999 at 20:45h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19119177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119177" title="Courtney Duncan">
Courtney Duncan

Courtney Duncan (born October 9, 1974 in Mobile, Alabama), is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Chicago Cubs. He now is a pitching trainer in Huntsville, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="19119180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119180" title="Daryl Burgess">
Daryl Burgess

Daryl Burgess (born 24 January 1971 in Birmingham) is an English footballer who played for West Bromwich Albion, Northampton Town, AFC Rochdale, Kidderminster Harriers, Nuneaton Borough and Bromsgrove Rovers F.C., where he was also assistant manager. 
Burgess began his career at West Bromwich Albion, where he made his debut during the 1989–90 season. He spent 14 years at WBA, and played nearly 400 first-team games for the Baggies, mostly as central defender or right-back. He was released by West Bromwich in 2001, and then joined Northampton Town.
In 2003, Burgess joined Rochdale on a free transfer. After two seasons at Rochdale, he moved back to the West Midlands to join Kidderminster Harriers of the Conference. He left Kidderminster at the end of the 2005–06 season and signed for Nuneaton Borough, and later joined Bromsgrove in January 2008.
In a 21 year playing career (1987–2008) Daryl amassed a grand total of 507 senior appearances for his 3 football league clubs plus another 50 for Kidderminster and he also played in 120 reserve and intermediate games for WBA. 
In 2008, Burgess started his own soccer school 'Total Football Premier Coaching' with his ex WBA team mate Richard Sneekes and also DJ's at various venues around the country.
He is currently still living in Birmingham with his wife Catrina and daughters Olivia and Alannah.

</doc>
<doc id="19119191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119191" title="Beagle-class sloop">
Beagle-class sloop

The "Beagle" class was a two-ship class of 8-gun screw steel sloops built for the Royal Navy in 1889.
Design.
"Beagle" and "Basilisk" were constructed of copper-sheathed steel to a design by William White, the Royal Navy Director of Naval Construction. They were powered by a twin-screw three-cylinder horizontal triple-expansion steam engine developing and carried a barquentine sail rig. They were essentially the same design as the preceding "Nymphe" class, but built of steel rather than of composite wood-and-steel.
Operational use.
In common with other designs of Royal Navy sloop of the period, the "Beagle" class were not intended or designed to fight a modern fleet action; they were intended to patrol Britain's extensive maritime empire, and this is how they were employed. "Beagle" conducted three foreign commissions between 1890 and 1900, at least two of which were on the South Atlantic Station. She was refitted in 1900, during which her breech-loading guns were replaced with quick-firing guns. "Basilisk" also spent all or part of her career on the South Atlantic Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19119194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119194" title="Cole Liniak">
Cole Liniak

Cole Liniak (August 23, 1976 in Encinitas, California) is a retired Major League Baseball player who played infielder from - for the Chicago Cubs. Liniak is most known in sports circles as the man the Cubs acquired for relief pitcher Rod Beck in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19119212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119212" title="Veselin Marchev">
Veselin Marchev

Veselin Marchev (; born 7 February 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays for as a midfielder for Slavia Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="19119219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119219" title="Jangajji">
Jangajji

Jangajji or jangachi () is a type of pickle in Korean cuisine which is made by pickling or marinating vegetables in a sauce for a long period of time. The dish is also sometimes called janghwa (장화). It was historically made during the harvest season and was eaten as a "banchan" (small side dish) when vegetables were scarce during winter. Whenever eating "jangajji", it is cut into thin slices, seasoned with sesame oil, sugar, salt and sesame seeds.
Ingredients.
The food varies according to region and temperature. The main ingredients are varied, and may include garlic, daikon, cucumber, chili pepper leaves, Oriental muskmelon, perilla leaves, "deodeok" ("Codonopsis lanceolata"), among others. Generally, "jangajji" is pickled in "ganjang" (Korean soy sauce), "gochujang" (chili pepper paste), "doenjang" (soybean paste), or diluted vinegar. To make "jangajji", vegetables should be either dried or salted to prevent the addition of surplus moisture to the condiment. In recent days, food preferences have changed and fresh vegetables are easily accessible, so consumption of "jangajji" has decreased significantly.

</doc>
<doc id="19119222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119222" title="Kari Gjærum">
Kari Gjærum

Kari Gjærum (born November 23, 1952 in Porsgrunn) is a Norwegian singer. She was educated at the "Østlandets Musikk-konservatorium" and "Statens Operaskole" and has been a professional artist since 1979. She has worked as a singer and backing singer on a number of recordings with other artists, participated in several TV-productions and musicals and shows. She has played leading roles in the Carte Blanche-show Jazzle Dazzle on "Victoria Theater" in Oslo in 1985 and in the children's musical "Aleksander" on Chateau Neuf. She played Fantine in "Les Misérables" on "Det Norske Teateret" in 1988. She has also worked in shows with artists like Wenche Myhre and Vazelina Bilopphøggers.
Together with Marianne vor Thornburg and Lupe Moe she was a member of the group Chico-Chac which in 1986 released the album Chico-Chac. In 1989 she participated in the Norwegian final of Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Barneøyne". She has also appeared as a backing singer several times in the competition, and made a total of 11 appearances in Norway's preselection, the Norsk Melodi Grand Prix, and 5 appearances in the international final. She was a backing singer when Bobbysocks won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19119230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119230" title="Rick Moffat">
Rick Moffat

Rick Moffat is a Canadian radio announcer. He currently provides play-by-play commentary for CJAD radio and TSN 690 for Montreal Alouettes games and Montreal Impact games He is also currently the co-host of the TSN 690 Morning show along with Elliot Price and Shaun Starr,weekday mornings from 6-10.
Rick Moffat also provides the morning sports on the Andrew Carter Morning Show,weekdays 5:30-9:00 and is live from the TSN 690 Sportscentre every 30 minutes for the TSN 690 Morning show with Elliot Price and Shaun Starr.Rick does the sports for CJAD from TSN. He is on every 25 minutes providing sports headlines. He does play by play of Tennis as well,on CJAD 800 radio.
Born October 8, 1960 in Lachine, Quebec, he was one of five children born to James Moffat, a decorated World War 2 hero with the Royal Canadian Air Force and the Belgian and French Resistance whose wartime memoir was published in "Behind Enemy Lines", and to Anne Dosman Moffat, a Prairie survivor of the Depression and the Dustbowl of Saskatchewan in the 1930s. His nephew, Derek O'Farrell is a current member of the Canadian national rowing team men's eight, having won medals at three world championships (2006,2007, and 2009). 
Moffat holds a Bachelor of Journalism degree from Carleton University and has been working full-time in radio since 1982. 
Moffat began his play-by-play career with the Montreal Machine of the NFL-run World League of American Football. When the Alouettes returned CFL play to Montreal, Moffat worked with CJAD 800 broadcast legend Ted Blackman, former Seattle Seahawk and Toronto Argonaut Tommy Kane, as well as longtime Alouette all-star Tony Proudfoot, who would become Moffat's co-host in the booth until the 2008 season. Rick now teams up with former Alouette allstars Ed Philion and Dave Mudge.
Moffat joined the CJAD 800 Hockey Broadcast team for the spring playoff run of 2004.
He is also the voice of MLS's Montreal Impact.
Moffat is a longtime supporter of Amnesty International, Inter Pares, Montreal's Social Justice Committee, the MAB-Mackay Foundation, the Miriam Foundation, and the Montreal Children's Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19119232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119232" title="Hariharpur">
Hariharpur

Hariharpur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19119258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119258" title="Mahendranagar">
Mahendranagar

Mahendranagar may refer to several places in Nepal:

</doc>
<doc id="19119270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119270" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1902–1904">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1902–1904

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 12 May 1902 to 30 May 1904. The chamber had 30 seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19119293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119293" title="Langford, Norfolk">
Langford, Norfolk

Langford is a village and former civil parish within the English county of Norfolk. The village is in the Norfolk battle training area of the Ministry of Defence which is an area with a restricted entry. Langford is about nine miles south of the town of Swaffham.
History.
Langford has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085, in which it is recorded as Langaforde. The main landholder is named as Hugh de Montfort and the survey also states that there are two mills, a fishery and two beehives.
Evacuation.
During the Second World War, the village was taken over by the British Army when it was incorporated into the Stanford Battle Area. The military ranges were needed to prepare Allied infantry for Operation Overlord, (the Battle of Normandy in 1944). Though some villagers were said to be happy to give up their homes to help the British War effort, the majority were less than enthusiastic with a number of heated village meetings and some refusing to leave the area. This was the subject of a book written by Lucille Reeve, one such person who refused to leave, under the pseudonym "A Norfolk Woman" called "Farming, on a Battle Ground".
However at the close of World War II, the former villagers were never allowed to return to their homes by the War Office. Most of the inhabitants of Langford were not landowners, and rented the houses and farmed the land belonging to the Walsingham estates. Though they had been promised that they could return to their homes after the war, the government later reneged on the promise and bought the land, threatening Walsingham with a compulsory purchase order. As the majority of the inhabitants weren't landowners, they received very little in compensation were put into council housing and many had lost their livelihoods. They continued to fight for many years to return to their homes and farmland but the beginnings of the cold war and the need for dedicated training areas removed all chances of a return.
Since the evacuation, the village and its parish remain within the Ministry of Defence's Thetford infantry training area. Access is not allowed without special permission. 
The Parish Church of St Andrew.
The parish church is a very simple affair made up of two cells which date from the Norman period. The church once had a medieval tower, but this was lost some time in the 18th century. The bell turret is late Victorian which has been built in a Norman style. The eaves of the church have curious carved faces on the east elevation, a grinning cat to the south, a wild man to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19119314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119314" title="Herib Chamas">
Herib Chamas

Herib Yamil Chamas (born 2 August 1969 in Itacurubí del Rosario, Paraguay) is a former football defender and coach that also competes in Rally racing.
During his career as a footballer, Chamas played for Paraguayan teams like Sport Colombia and Olimpia where he won several national and international titles such as the Copa Libertadores and the Supercopa Sudamericana in 1990.
After retiring from football as a player, Chamas pursued Rally racing and even won some competitions such as the Santaní Rally in the A-5 class. Chamas also got a coaching license and worked in the youth divisions of Olimpia and as the assistant coach for Julio Carlos Gómez in Universitario de Deportes in 2007 and Sportivo Luqueño in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19119318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119318" title="Mount Amagi">
Mount Amagi

The Amagi mountains have several peaks, the tallest of which are at , at , and at .
There are several hiking routes to the top. Flora in the area include rhododendrons, Japanese andromeda, "stewartia monadelpha" and Siebold's beech.
Many ships of the Imperial Japanese Navy were named after it, including a corvette, a battlecruiser and an aircraft carrier.
Amagi is listed as one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains in a book composed in 1964 by mountaineer/author Kyūya Fukada. 

</doc>
<doc id="19119319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119319" title="Watsonieae">
Watsonieae

Watsonieae is the second largest tribe in the Ixioideae subfamily (which is included in the Iridaceae family) and named after the best-known genus in it — "Watsonia". The members in this group are widely distributed in Africa, mainly in its southern parts.
They sometimes have the typical sword-shaped leaves of the Iridaceae family, but sometimes, like in "Lapeirousia pyramidalis" or "Lapeirousia divaricata", they are very specific. The rootstock is a corm.
The blooms are collected in inflorescence and sometimes have scent. They have six tepals which are identical in the most cases but sometimes has small differences. The ovary is 3-locular.
Most of these plants are not among the popular ornamental flowers. "Watsonia" is often used with this purpose, but the other genera are not very well known. However, they have many ornamental traits.

</doc>
<doc id="19119320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119320" title="Yount">
Yount

Yount is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19119332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119332" title="East Hanney">
East Hanney

East Hanney is a village and civil parish on Letcombe Brook about north of Wantage. Historically East and West Hanney were formerly a single ecclesiastical parish of Hanney. East Hanney was part of Berkshire until the 1974 boundary changes transferred the Vale of White Horse to Oxfordshire.
Churches.
East Hanney had a chapel by 1288, dedicated to Saint James, but Alice Yate is said to have dissolved it after she took over the manor in 1546. The present Church of England parish church of Saint James the Less was designed by the Gothic Revival architect George Edmund Street in a 13th century English style and built in 1856. It has since been made redundant and converted into a private home.
Hanney Chapel is Non-conformist and was built in 1862. It was closed after the First World War but reopened in 1943.
Economic history.
Dandridge's Mill is a Georgian water mill built in the 1820s as a silk mill. It is a Grade II Listed building but after it ceased working it became derelict. In 2007 it was restored as four private apartments. It is a low-carbon redevelopment with a number of sources of renewable energy, including an Archimedean screw on the millstream that powers the property's own electricity generator.
Amenities.
East Hanney has a public house, the Black Horse free house. There is also a branch of the Royal British Legion. Hanney War Memorial Hall includes a village shop with sub-Post Office.

</doc>
<doc id="19119333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119333" title="West Hanney">
West Hanney

West Hanney is a village and civil parish about north of Wantage. Historically West and East Hanney were formerly a single ecclesiastical parish of Hanney. East Hanney was part of Berkshire until the 1974 boundary changes transferred the Vale of White Horse to Oxfordshire.
Archaeology.
In September 2009 a metal detecting club held its annual rally at a site in the parish. One detectorist found a Saxon grave from early in the 7th century AD containing the skeleton of a young woman with grave goods including one spindle whorl, two iron knives and two ceramic pots that may have contained food.
Near the grave the detectorist found an ornate circular Saxon metal brooch inlaid with gold, garnets and coral. This type of brooch was previously known from Kent, East Anglia, Essex and Bedfordshire but the one from West Hanney is further west than all previously found examples, making it ""a find described as of national importance"". It has yet to be determined where the brooch may have been made.
Also yet to be determined is whether the young woman belonged to the local Saxon Gewisse tribe. She was about 25 years old when she died, and shortly after her grave was discovered an osteologist said that her skeleton would be examined to try to determine her cause of death.
Parish church.
The village had a parish church by the time of the Domesday Book in 1086 but the earliest part of the present Church of England parish church of Saint James the Great dates from about 1150.
The tower has a ring of six bells. Abraham I Rudhall of Gloucester cast five of them in 1702, but Charles and George Mears of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry cast the other in 1856. St. James' has a Sanctus bell that Robert I Wells of Aldbourne cast in about 1760. There is another small bell that Charles and George Mears cast in 1858, but this is currently unused.
A Georgian rectory was completed in 1724. It is now West Hanney House.
Amenities.
West Hanney has a public house, the Plough Inn free house. It had another called The Lamb, until it closed in 2008. It has re-opened in 2011 as the Hanney Spice Indian restaurant and take-away.

</doc>
<doc id="19119356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119356" title="Rajendra Gupta">
Rajendra Gupta

Rajendra Gupta is an Indian film, television and theater actor and director who is best known for his television roles of Pandit Jagarnath in the 1990s Doordarshan fantasy television series "Chandrakanta" and Sudha's father - Jagat Narayan - in the 1998-2001 Sony TV drama "Saaya".
An alumnus of the National School of Drama (1972 batch), Gupta has worked in numerous television serials and films. He played the role of the "Mukhiya" (village headman) of Champaner in the Oscar-nominated 2001 film Lagaan.
Life.
Gupta was born in a business family in Panipat and did his graduation from the Kurukshetra University. His father ran a woolen textiles business but Gupta had no interest in the business; his interests lay, instead, in dramatics and theater. Gupta met wife-to-be, Veena, a Christian, in Indore when he went there to take part in a college play. Since Veena's parents did not agree to their marriage, the couple eloped to Bhopal, got married, and then returned home.
In 1972, Gupta enrolled himself at the New Delhi-based National School of Drama and completed his post graduation in direction.
Gupta's daughter, Ravee Gupta, is a television actress.
Career.
Films and television.
Gupta and his family moved to Bombay in 1985 and he started working in television serials; three years later he entered films. Gupta has acted in innumerable television serials and films; so much so that in 1990, his name was included in the Limca Book of Records for appearing in the most number of television serials - over 40 of them.
In a 2001 interview with the Times of India, he mentioned that of all the films that he has done, he is proud of his work in Lagaan (2001) and Salim Langde Pe Mat Ro (1989). Since then he has gone on to work in critically acclaimed films such as Amu, Sehar and Guru. In the same interview, he said that among his television roles, his work in the Syed Mirza-Kundan Shah serial Intezaar (as the Senior Station Master), the fantasy series Chandrakanta (as Pandit Jagarnath), and Saaya (as Jagat Narayan) were among his best.
Stage.
In spite of having played meaty parts in many films and television serials, theater is Gupta's first love - his ultimate destination. He has acted in numerous plays and has directed at least twenty of his own.
Gupta is the actor-director of plays such as "Sarphire" and "Jaheez Hatyare", both based on writer-philosopher Albert Camus’ French play The Just Assassins, and "Sooraj Ki Antim Kiran Se Sooraj Ke Pehle Kiran Tak" based on Surendra Verma's 1965 Hindi play.
Gupta has acted in many Hindi plays, but "Chanakyashastra" and "Kanyadaan", a play by noted playwright Vijay Tendulkar, are two plays he did in English.
Rajendra Gupta and noted actress Neena Gupta run a theater production company - "Sahaj Productions".
Filmography.
Stage.
As director
As actor

</doc>
<doc id="19119392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119392" title="Paul Hahnel">
Paul Hahnel

Paul Hahnel (17 April 1843, Schlegenburg in Leobsanütz, Silesia - 12 May 1887, Manicore) 
He collected Lepidoptera and Coleoptera in Venezuela (1877/79) and made two Amazon expeditions the first 1879-1884) and the second, with Otto Michael 1885/87). His collection was sold to Otto Staudinger and Andreas Bang-Haas

</doc>
<doc id="19119408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119408" title="Leaders of the tribes of Israel">
Leaders of the tribes of Israel

The Torah gives several lists of leaders of the tribes of Israel.
First list.
The first, and main, list, appears in . It lists the leaders who supervised the first census of the Israelites, and who led them during their travels in the wilderness. Numbers 1 gives the list of those leaders who supervised the census:
In the following chapters, these same leaders are recorded as being heads of their tribes during the encampments of the tribes in the wilderness. (, ) These leaders also brought donations for their respective tribes on the occasion of the completion of the Tabernacle. ()
The spies.
A second list is given in . These are the men who were sent by Moses to spy out the Land of Canaan. They are described by the text as leaders of their tribesmen ():
Third list.
gives the list of the leaders of the tribes who took possession of the Land of Canaan. This list omits Reuben and Gad, who, at their request, only received inheritance on the east bank of the Jordan, and not in the Land of Canaan.
The list begins with Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, who led the entire nation. Joshua son of Nun and Caleb son of Jephunneh appear on this list as well as the list of the spies, the other ten spies having died in punishment for slandering the Holy Land.

</doc>
<doc id="19119421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119421" title="My Mistakes Were Made for You">
My Mistakes Were Made for You

"My Mistakes Were Made for You" is the third single released by The Last Shadow Puppets. It was released on October 20, 2008 in the United Kingdom on Domino Records, featuring three b-sides: a live version of the album track "Separate and Ever Deadly" plus two covers. The US-only 8-song expanded EP was released in digital format on October 21 and on CD on November 4, 2008.
The song was inspired by Scott Walker's song "The Old Man's Back Again", off his album Scott 4.
Music video.
The video for "My Mistakes Were Made for You" was shot at Pinewood studios and directed by Richard Ayoade. The music video shows Turner on a crashed car with Alexa Chung, his then girlfriend. Kane appears later. It won best video award at the NME Awards 2009.
The video was inspired by Federico Fellini's cult film Toby Dammit.

</doc>
<doc id="19119423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119423" title="Isle of Inishmore">
Isle of Inishmore

Isle of Inishmore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19119459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119459" title="Vietnamese people in Bulgaria">
Vietnamese people in Bulgaria

Vietnamese people (, "vietnamtsi") form the small immigrant community of Overseas Vietnamese in Bulgaria today, but their numbers were much higher in the 1980s. As of 2005, the Vietnamese community in Bulgaria numbers 1,500, including Bulgarian residents and/or citizens. They mainly live in the capital Sofia, but also in Plovdiv, Dimitrovgrad and Varna .
Many Vietnamese people also live in Kozloduy.
History.
The Vietnamese diaspora in Bulgaria dates to the 1960s. In 1950, Bulgaria and Vietnam had established diplomatic relations and signed a mutual agreement to co-operate in cultural and educational affairs. As a result, the first Vietnamese students arrived in Bulgaria in 1960. The main subjects that the Vietnamese came to study were agriculture, economics, tourism, humanities, arts, medicine and construction.
According to an international agreement of 1980, Bulgaria, along with other Comecon members such as East Germany, Czechoslovakia and the Soviet Union, accepted Vietnamese guest workers in the country as a relatively cheaper manual labour workforce. According to one estimate, over 35,000 Vietnamese people have worked in Bulgaria between 1980 and 1991, and 5,000 Vietnamese students have completed their higher education in various Bulgarian universities. Plattenbauten (панелка; "panelka") and mobile home hostels were built in 1984 in the Krasna polyana municipality of Sofia to accommodate the Vietnamese; by 1990, the area had acquired the nickname "Little Saigon". The hostels are still known as "the Vietnamese hostels" today, although their demolition has been considered by the Capital Municipality as they have since decayed into an unregulated Roma-inhabited slum.
The idea was to compensate Bulgaria's lack of sufficient manual workforce and at the same time to relieve Vietnam of some of its growing population, with the trained workers potentially coming back. In practice, however, this co-operation was subject to much corruption in Vietnam, with many members of its richest class of merchants paying bribes equivalent to around €1,000 (in 1985) to be sent to Bulgaria, where they expanded their speculative business, engaging in black market trade, production of counterfeit goods such as jeans, etc. As a consequence, shortly after the democratic changes of 1989, Bulgaria arranged the accelerated return of most of the Vietnamese workers to Vietnam, effective in 1991. 
Of the thousands of Vietnamese, all but the students and those who had married in Bulgaria left. Since 1991, Bulgaria has been a target country for economic immigrants from Vietnam, as the average wages remained higher despite the country's difficulties in the 1990s. Along with the Chinese, Koreans, Arabs and other immigrants, the Vietnamese have established a presence among the vendors in Sofia's well-known and frequented bazaar Iliyantsi. The number of Vietnamese immigrants is constantly rising, although they are yet to feature more prominently in Bulgaria's social life and media.
In 2008, it was widely reported and discussed that Bulgaria, now a European Union member, is again looking to employ Vietnamese workers, as unemployment in the country has been largely solved as an issue (with unemployment rates comparable to those in France or Belgium and lower than in Spain or Germany) and on the contrary, there is a lack of workers in the rapidly developing building and tourism branches in particular. Vietnamese would be offered jobs on contract terms with temporary residence in Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19119494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119494" title="Gomphocarpus fruticosus">
Gomphocarpus fruticosus

Gomphocarpus fruticosus (syn. "Asclepias fruticosa") is a species of milkweed native to South Africa. It is also common in New Zealand where it is the main host of the Monarch butterfly. The plant's tissues contain sufficient cardenolides that consumption of significant quantities of the plant's leaves, stems, or fruit may lead to death in livestock and humans.
The species is closely related to "Gomphocarpus physocarpus". 

</doc>
<doc id="19119496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119496" title="Zymoetz River">
Zymoetz River

The Zymoetz River is a tributary of the Skeena River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Course.
The Zymoetz River (local name "Copper River") originates in the Coast Mountains and flows generally south and west to join the Skeena River just east of Terrace, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19119498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119498" title="Otto Michael">
Otto Michael

Otto Michael (1859 - 1934) was a German explorer, zoologist and entomologist.
He made three expeditions to the Amazon, 1885-1888 (until 1887 accompanied by Paul Hahnel ), 1889–1893 and 
1894-1921, collecting mainly Lepidoptera for the dealership Otto Staudinger Andreas Bang-Haas.

</doc>
<doc id="19119510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119510" title="Andupatti">
Andupatti

Andupatti is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,855 and had 531 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19119533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119533" title="Milton, Oxfordshire">
Milton, Oxfordshire

Milton, Oxfordshire can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19119547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119547" title="Christine Burns">
Christine Burns

Christine Burns, MBE (born February 1954) is a British political activist best known for her work with Press for Change and, more recently, as an internationally recognised health advisor. Burns was awarded an MBE in 2005 in recognition of her work representing transgender people. In 2011, she ranked 35th on the Independent on Sunday's annual Pink List of influential lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people in the United Kingdom.
Career.
Burns was born in the London Borough of Redbridge and attended the University of Manchester, earning first-class honours in computer science in 1975 and a master's degree in 1977. During her time as a city IT consultant and a Tory activist, she chose not reveal her trans history to colleagues. In 1995, Burns came out to local Tory leadership in order to campaign more openly. The British tabloids, however, chose to ignore her as she was "too ordinary". Remembering this era, she jokes about her changing perception of herself as a trans activist: "I realised something had changed in 1997, when I realised it was more embarrassing to admit to being a conservative than to being a trans woman."
Press for Change.
During 1992, Burns ran an IT consultancy business, "Cheshire Computer Consultants", and was Secretary of her local Conservative Party branch. Burns joined Press for Change in 1993, but only made her transsexual background public in 1995. She was able to maintain her initial privacy as early PFC campaigns were paper based and, as such, fairly low key. She would go on to become a leading figure in obtaining legal recognition for trans people.
Over the Christmas of 1995, she created the PFC web site as sub-pages within her own home page on Compuserve - one of the first serious campaign and information sites for minorities on the web. As editor of the site, she devised the now defunct PFC tagline "Seeking no more but no less than what YOU take for granted". In mid-1997, Burns and PFC's new webmistress, Claire McNab, registered the domain www.pfc.org.uk and moved the existing pages onto a commercial server. 
Representing PFC, Burns joined the Parliamentary Forum on Transsexualism shortly after it was set up in early 1995. She was also elected to sit on the policy governing council of the Human Rights NGO, Liberty.
P vs S victory.
In 1996, PFC's legal work, led by Stephen Whittle, secured victory for the P vs S and Cornwall County Council case in the European Court of Justice (ECJ). It is the first piece of case law, anywhere in the world, which prevents discrimination in employment or vocational education because someone is transsexual. 
P had been the manager of an educational establishment, but was dismissed after she informed her employer that she intended to undergo gender reassignment. A subsequent industrial tribunal agreed that P was indeed dismissed due to her gender reassignment. The tribunal did not, however, believe that she had a remedy under the Sex Discrimination Act (SDA). At the time, the SDA prohibited adverse treatment for men and women because they belonged to one sex or the other.
The tribunal asked the ECJ whether the Equal Treatment Directive - which states there should be "no discrimination whatsoever on grounds of sex" - applied where someone is changing or has changed their sex. In a landmark ruling, the ECJ made clear that changing sex is an aspect of sex: meaning dismissal related to gender reassignment is in breach of the Directive. As a member of the European Community, the UK is obliged to ensure UK law is always in accord with European Law (of which the Equal Treatment Directive is a part).
When P's case returned to the tribunal, her discrimination complaint was upheld and she was financially compensated.
The P vs S victory helped PFC gain support from journalists and led to the group's first face to face work with civil servants and ministers. Stephen Whittle provided legal analysis whilst Burns and Claire McNab pursued political areas of influence.
The ECJ judgment was in April 1996, but it wasn't until early 1998 (following the change of government) that the Department for Education and Employment (DfEE) decided to respond. The DfEE released a consultation on proposed legislation which asked, among other things, whether transsexual people should be allowed to work with children or vulnerable adults. Outraged, Burns urged PFC's followers to write to their MPs and also to Cherie Blair: a discrimination and public law specialist and wife to the then-Prime Minister, Tony Blair. More than 300 trans people and their supporters responded with a strong and unequivocal call to redraft the proposed legislation.
As a consequence, Burns was invited to meet Margaret Hodge MP, the Minister for Education and Employment in the new Labour Government. Amid difficult, ongoing negotiations, Burns and PFC's Claire McNab pushed to keep the new employment regulations as open as possible. Assessing their success, Burns gave PFC "seven out of ten".
To ensure that PFC campaigns remained focused and accountable, Burns wrote "Five Principles" for testing governmental action in May 1997 (right after the Labour Government came to power).
Burns has criticized mental health practitioners for bias against trans people. She asserts that some psychiatrists refer for surgery only those patients whom they consider attractive, and she was an early critic of the controversial 2003 book "The Man Who Would Be Queen" by J. Michael Bailey, She has also criticized research claiming that trans people are less happy after transition. In addition, Burns has advocated on behalf of trans youth and their families seeking medical intervention as minors.
Gender Recognition Act and MBE.
Burn was one of PFC's principal negotiators with Ministers and Civil Servants during the drafting of, and tabling and debating, the Gender Recognition Bill.
She co-wrote PFC's 1999 submission to the Interdepartmental Working Group on Transsexualism set up by Jack Straw. The Working Group investigated the problems experienced by trans people in the UK and possible legislative solutions to them. The group disbanded after publishing a policy document in April 2000, a precursor to the Gender Recognition Bill. In a critique of the document, Burns wrote: "The report's authors, and the ministers approving the report for publication, also seem to have given us a tremendous amount of rope with which to hang the government and force it now to the final act in this saga of over thirty years".
For 2 years, the government took the issue no further. Then, in a judgment delivered at Strasbourg on 11 July 2002 in the case of Christine Goodwin v. the United Kingdom, the European Court of Human Rights held unanimously that:
Following the ruling, the Home Office worked with PFC to develop the principles which would come to underpin the Gender Recognition Bill. Burns describes long hours "drafting and agreeing complex submissions within punishing deadlines that civil servants themselves would never put up with." Consequently, PFC had considerable input into what proved to be a crucial turning point in the battle for legal recognition of trans people. According to the Telegraph, ministers privately feared that the legal reforms would create a public outcry "similar to that caused by the repeal of Section 28". 
Making use of the bill she had campaigned for, Burns was among the first to gain a certificate recognizing her gender under the Gender Recognition Act 2004. She said: "For most it's been a profoundly personal thing - not something to shout about, but a piece of paper to hold, to have a little cry, and feel closure at last." Burns was honoured with an MBE the same year as Stephen Whittle for her efforts on behalf of trans people. Her lobbying was lauded by MP Gerald Kaufman, who described her as "brave and tenacious".
In 2007, she told the BBC about the rights which she helped win for trans people: "Back in 1992, when Press For Change was started, people had no employment rights, they couldn't marry, they had no right to privacy and all of those things have been achieved by changes in the law ... I'm a transexual woman, I'm now regarded as being a woman in the eyes of the law, it means that affects my retirement age, it means that I can marry a man and it also provides me with considerable protection of my privacy. So, for instance, if I disclose my transexual background to someone in an official capacity and that person then goes off and blabs to somebody else - then that's a criminal offence."
Political work and departure from PFC.
In 2005, Burns began to focus on the media and healthcare. She left PFC in November 2007 to pursue strategic issues with public officials and to mentor younger activists.
NHS and international health advisor.
The Department of Health set up a Sexual Orientation Advisory Group (SOAG) in 2004. After lobbying from Press for Change, the Department of Health changed the name to the Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Advisory Group (SOGIAG) to be more inclusive of trans needs and identities. Burns was invited to chair the transgender workstream of SOGIAG in 2005. As chair, she saw the need for research and official literature supportive of treatment and setting standards so, in 2006, she commissioned nine publications – ranging from guidance for GPs to advice for young people. Following this, the Department of Health commissioned her directly to write a resource for NHS managers and policymakers called "Trans: A Practical Guide for the NHS".
During her time as Chair (July 2006 - May 2010) Burns invited Charing Cross Gender Identity Clinic into discussions at SOGIAG and at the Parliamentary Forum on Transsexualism. In 2009, she interviewed Stuart Lorimer, a clinician at London's Charing Cross Gender Identity Clinic. The same year she was formally appointed to the Department of Health's Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Advisory Group.
In 2005, the North West public sector agencies, led by the Northwest Development Agency and Northwest Regional Assembly, began preparing a regional equality and diversity strategy. Burns became involved via a public engagement panel, which went on to become the North West Equality and Diversity Group (NWEDG). As NWEDG's chair, Burns also sat on the North West's Equality Strategy Group (ESG). Through NWEDG and ESG, she helped set up an annual regional celebration of diversity called "Celebr8, Don't Discrimin8". 
She was invited to consult on a number of projects for NHS Northwest, including research and analysis leading to the publication of "A Landscape of the Region", (which she wrote for the SHA). She subsequently became the programme manager for the health authority's Equality and Diversity team in 2009. She has worked on a series of resources for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people including an LGBT history timeline, monitoring guidelines and a GP benchmarking tool, Pride in Practice. On the importance of the LGBT timeline, Christine said: "Knowing our histories might just make life a bit easier for our communities to have role models and assure our place in organisations like the NHS." She was also directly involved in the creation of the first performance management framework for equality outcomes in the NHS, the Equality Performance Improvement Toolkit (EPIT) and the NHS's competency framework for leadership of equality and diversity.
The UK LGBT Health Summits
Her recognised leadership and knowledge of trans people in healthcare was recognised by the World Professional Association for Transgender Health (WPATH), which invited Burns to be the British representative on its international advisory panel. The panel had influence over the Standards of Care for the Health of Transsexual, Transgender, and Gender Nonconforming People's seventh edition. It also made advisory input to the submissions WPATH have made to the International Classification of Diseases revision process in the World Health Organisation.
Media reform.
Burns has advocated for better media depiction of trans people, including Hayley Cropper on "Coronation Street" and Nadia Almada on "Big Brother". In December 1998, Julie Hesmondhlagh, the actress who plays Hayley, agreed to become Press for Change's official patron. 
Under Burns' leadership, PFC developed professional relationships with journalists, filmmakers and regulatory bodies and responded to offensive news items "responsibly and constructively". In later years, she became increasingly involved in behind the scenes work: appearing on television and radio as a campaign spokesperson and consulting at production level. 
She also supported people who were dealing with the media, including Councillor Ros Mitchell, who transitioned whilst sitting on Bristol's County Council. Mitchell faced unwanted press intrusion from her local newspaper in addition to criticism from the Guardian. During the spring of 1998, Burns collaborated in a BBC Home Ground programme (made by BBC Bristol) which documented Mitchell's transition. Writing on the PFC website, Burns claimed that an angry Labour Councillor threatened the a BBC Politics correspondent with physical violence during production.
In 1999, Sergeant Major Joanne Rushton revealed her intention to transition from male to female – prompting Britain's Ministry of Defence to announce that transsexual people would be allowed to serve in the Armed Forces. Burns welcomed the news, but expressed concern about the Army's possible reaction to Sergeant Major Rushton entering into a relationship: "Joanne will physically be a woman but legally be a man ... Given the Army's ban on homosexuality, it is not clear whether she will be allowed to have sexual relations with a man or a woman - if anyone."
In 2004, she responded to the BBC's coverage of murdered trans man Brandon Teena with a campaign to change editorial guidelines around gendered pronouns. Burns brought Tim Toulmin before the Parliamentary Forum shortly before he was promoted to the head of the Press Complaints Commission. She also researched and produced the PFC report "Transsexual People and the Press", which led the Press Complaints Commission to change its Editors' Code of Practice. Following the media frenzy around Thomas Beatie's pregnancy in 2008, Burns defended the right of trans men to bear children: "That's like saying you can't be a woman and have a career ... The irony is we've had a debate in feminism about the idea that if men were able to have children we would be in a very different position and yet when it happens there is enormous fear."
LGBT History Month and public speaking.
Burns spoke at a conference on trans issues organised by University of East Anglia in 2007. In 2008, she was a key note speaker at a conference held by the Trans Resource and Empowerment Centre and the Centre for Local Policy Studies. At the Commission for Social Care Inspection conference in 2007 she explained that trans service users, relatives, professional stakeholders and care staff are often vulnerable and require protection from abuse. 
Burns introduced podcasts to the PFC web site when the term was largely unheard of, and continued to broadcast on the site till her departure in 2007. In 2008 she presented the first season of "Just Plain Sense", her personal podcasts detailing a variety of equality and diversity topics from contemporary Britain. One of her earliest guests was Lynne Jones MP, the original chair of the Parliamentary Forum on Transsexualism in the 1990s.
Pink list recognition.
Burns appeared at 96 on Time Out magazine's Pride Power List 2011 – a compilation of influential lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. She was the only trans person on the list and was placed between singer George Michael and pantomime dame Christopher Biggins. In her blog, Burns responded by critiquing such lists as subjective and divisive. Nevertheless, the following year the Independent on Sunday positioned her as the second highest ranking trans person on its annual Pink List.

</doc>
<doc id="19119550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119550" title="Aurahi, Dhanusa">
Aurahi, Dhanusa

Aurahi is a Village Development Committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,209 and had 721 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19119554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119554" title="Stars and Bars (1988 film)">
Stars and Bars (1988 film)

Stars and Bars is an American comedy film released in 1988, directed by Pat O'Connor and based on a book by William Boyd. The film stars Daniel Day-Lewis as Henderson Dores.
Plot.
A British art expert (Day-Lewis) travels across America in order to purchase a rare Renoir painting in the South but comes across some crazy characters in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="19119575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119575" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1904–1906">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1904–1906

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 30 May 1904 to 21 May 1906. The chamber had thirty seats made up of ten provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. 

</doc>
<doc id="19119582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119582" title="Order of precedence in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth">
Order of precedence in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth

The order of precedence for members of the Sejm (parliament) of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was created at the same time as the Commonwealth itself – at the Lublin Sejm in 1569. The Commonwealth was a union, in existence from 1569 to 1795, of two constituent nations: the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland (commonly known as "Korona", or "the Crown") and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The union's legislative power was vested in a diet (assembly) known as the Sejm which consisted of the three Estates of the Sejm: the monarch, holding the titles of King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania; the Senate; and the House of Deputies.
The order of precedence indicated where senators and deputies would sit during parliamentary sessions and in what order they cast their votes. The order was also followed at other formal occasions, such as royal coronations. The order of precedence remained almost unchanged from its inception in 1569 until the ultimate partition of Poland in 1795. The only changes were made to reflect the addition of new territories as the Commonwealth expanded eastwards during the 16th and 17th centuries. Territitorial losses incurred during Poland's decline in the second half of the 17th and throughout the 18th century had less bearing on the composition of the Sejm, as titular senators and deputies continued to sit in the parliament despite the loss of the lands they officially represented.
Senators.
The Senate traced its roots to the royal privy council and consisted of individuals appointed by the king to specified senatorial offices. The senatorial offices may be divided into three types:
Bishops, voivodes and castellans of major cities were considered greater senators ("senatorowie więksi"), or chair senators ("senatorowie krzesłowi") as they were entitled to sit in designated armchairs during the Senate's sessions. The remaining lesser senators ("senatorowie mniejsi") were also known as bench senators ("senatorowie drążkowi") as they were sitting wherever they could find a place behind the chair senators.
The Archbishop of Gniezno, Poland's first capital city until 1038, also holding the title of Primate of Poland, was the highest ranking senator who also served as an interrex (an acting king) during a vacancy of the royal throne. The Castellan of Kraków, Poland's capital until 1596, was the highest ranking secular senator. His precedence before the Voivode of Kraków dated back to a rebellion led by Voivoide Skarbimir in 1117, for which Duke Boleslaus the Wrymouth punished him by blinding and by making his office inferior to that of the local castellan.
Deputies.
Deputies elected in local sejmiks.

</doc>
<doc id="19119589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119589" title="Hubert Perrodo">
Hubert Perrodo

Hubert Perrodo was a French businessman, polo player and art collector. He was the creator, leader and owner of the oil group Perenco.
Biography.
Early life.
Hubert Perrodo was born in 1944 in Larmor-Baden in Morbihan to a family of fishermen. 
Career.
He was the president of the independent oil group Perenco, which produced then more than of petrol per day.
Polo.
His polo team, Labégorce, won the Queen's Cup, in 2004. On a journey to Château Giscours, in Margaux to play polo, he learned that Château Labégorce Zédé was for sell. He bought it in August 1989 and went on to become a large wine producer. In 2001, he repurchased the Castle of Abbot Gorsse de Gorsse, in February 2002 bought Labégorce-Zédé Castle, and in June 2006 he bought the Château Marquis d'Alesme Becker.
Art collection.
He was a prominent art collector, mostly focused on paintings. 
Death.
He died on December 29th, 2006, in a climbing accident in Courchevel.

</doc>
<doc id="19119597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119597" title="Jordan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Jordan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Jordan competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. Jordanian athletes competed in three sports: track and field athletics, powerlifting, and table tennis. Among the competitors was Maha Barghouti, a table tennis player who won Jordan's first Paralympic gold medal at the 2000 Sydney games. The team left for Beijing on September 29.

</doc>
<doc id="19119629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119629" title="Midland Hotel, Bradford">
Midland Hotel, Bradford

The Midland Hotel is a 90-bedroom three-star Victorian hotel in Bradford City Centre, owned and managed by London-based Peel Hotels.
The architect was Charles Trubshaw, who was contracted to design many stations for Midland Railway Company. 
Construction of the hotel began in 1885 and took five years to complete.
It was built by the Midland Railway Company as part of the original Forster Square Railway Station, as a showpiece for the company's northern operations.
Following the "golden age of steam" the hotel fell into disrepair until it was bought by Bradford entrepreneur John Pennington in 1992, who restored it and the hotel re-opened as the Pennington Midland Hotel in 1993.
It was sold to Peel Hotels in December 1998, who returned it back to its original name.
During its life, the hotel has played host to many famous guests, including Sir Henry Irving, an English stage actor, who died there in 1905.
The corner block of the hotel on Lower Kirkgate (pictured) was made a grade II listed building in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19119644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119644" title="Bobby Parnell">
Bobby Parnell

Robert Allen Parnell (born September 8, 1984) is an American baseball pitcher for the New York Mets. He was drafted by the Mets in the ninth round of the 2005 MLB Draft after attending college at Charleston Southern University.
Professional career.
Minor Leagues.
Parnell worked as a starter for the minor league teams in the Mets organization, pitching for the Brooklyn Cyclones, St. Lucie Mets, Binghamton Mets, and New Orleans Zephyrs. In three different leagues, Parnell has been named a mid-season All-Star. He earned the honor in the New York-Penn League in 2005, the Florida State League in 2007, and the Eastern League in 2008.
Major Leagues.
2008.
Parnell earned Eastern League All-Star honors again in . Despite having a poor record since being promoted to the Triple-A New Orleans Zephyrs, Parnell was rewarded with a call-up to the New York Mets on September 1, . He made his Major League debut on September 15.
2009.
Parnell earned a spot in the Mets bullpen to start the 2009 season. He got his first win May 8, 2009 against the Pirates; he pitched a scoreless eighth inning. On August 5, he got his first major league hit in his first career at-bat, as he pitched three innings for the save. After Mets pitcher Jon Niese suffered a season-ending injury in the same game, Parnell was tabbed to replace Niese in the rotation. He made his first Major League start on August 8 against the San Diego Padres. He earned his first Major League win as a starter in his second start on August 14, pitching six innings, giving up only three hits, and striking out seven.
Parnell was terrific on September 4, shutting down the Cubs that battered him in his last start. Parnell pitched a career-high seven innings, shutting out the Cubs on five hits while striking out seven.
On July 8, 2009, against the Dodgers, Daniel Murphy assisted on a play to first base by throwing the ball behind his back to Bobby Parnell, who was on first base and made the catch to complete the play. It received the number one web gem of the day.
2010.
On June 29, 2010 Mejia was sent back down to Double-A Binghamton and the Mets called up Parnell to take his spot in the Mets bullpen.
Parnell, in his short major league career, has already developed a reputation for being a flamethrower. His fastballs consistently touch the high-90s, sometimes eclipsing 100 MPH. On August 18, 2010, in a game against the Houston Astros, Parnell hit 102.5 MPH on the radar gun, the fastest pitch in the Major Leagues in 2010 up to that point. Cincinnati Reds rookie Aroldis Chapman set the new mark on August 31, 2010 at 103 MPH.
On September 21, Parnell was shut down for the remainder of the 2010 season with an inflamed pilca in his right elbow.
2011.
He returned to the Mets. But on April 21, 2011 he was placed on the DL due to a clot in his finger also on that same day Ángel Pagán was also placed on the DL due to a rib injury. 
On May 30, 2011 he returned to the club as José Reyes was placed on the Bereavement list due to the death of his grandmother.
On June 29, 2011 he made a relief appearance against the Tigers. His pitches clocked: 100, 101, 103, 103, 102, 102, and a 93 mph slider in an at-bat against Miguel Cabrera.
2012.
To begin the year Parnell was used as a middle reliever, yet as injuries mounted he was tabbed to be the closer. On June 28, 2012, Parnell recorded his first save of the year against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
2013.
Parnell was named the Mets closer for the 2013 season due to an injury to Frank Francisco.
Parnell has experienced success in the closer role and has had a career year.
Nickname.
After a fan brought a sign to the April 13, 2013 game against the Minnesota Twins calling Parnell "The Centerpiece", the nickname became widely used within the locker room by fellow players. Relief pitcher Latroy Hawkins was quoted in a local media report, stating that "it (The Centerpiece) was just too perfect for the guy, so we're committed to keeping it around until the national media run with it." 
Pitching style.
Parnell throws primarily a hard four-seam fastball in the mid-to-high 90s with strong tailing action. His secondary pitch and main breaking ball in 2011 was a high-80s slider, but in 2012 he has mostly dropped the pitch in favor of a mid-80s knuckle curve. He has also toyed in the past with a splitter, but he rarely uses it. For 2012, he has also developed a two-seam fastball.

</doc>
<doc id="19119654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119654" title="Route 150 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 150 (MTA Maryland)

Route 150 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore, Ellicott City, and Columbia, Maryland. The line currently operates between the Village of Harper's Choice in Columbia and downtown Baltimore, mostly via US-29 and US-40, serving The Mall in Columbia and Catonsville
History.
In 1898, service operated by the Columbia and Maryland Railway began between Baltimore and Ellicott City. The intention was to operate a passenger railroad service between Baltimore and Washington. But it was never extended to any location past Ellicott City. The line was operated as Route 14 until 1927, when service to Ellicott City was redesignated Route 9. The No. 9 Streetcar operated between Ellicott City and Baltimore up until 1952, when it was shortened to a shuttle that operated between Ellicott City and Catonsville only. The shuttle streetcar service lasted until 1955, when it was converted into a shuttle bus. The shuttle bus operation was discontinued in 1957.
Later, Route 929, a commuter bus route marketed as a service for Columbia to Washington commuters, operated several trips each day that originated in Baltimore, and operated to Columbia through Ellicott City before continuing to Washington. Though printed in the schedules, this line was not advertised for this purpose.
Route 12 started providing express service from both the western and eastern suburbs of Baltimore in 1972. The west side service operated from a park-and-ride lot on US-40 near Westview Mall, and the eastern end service from one on Eastern Boulevard known as the Essex Park-and Ride. In 1991, the no. 12 line was redesignated, and west side service was renamed to "Route 150" and east side service to Route 160.
Neither Route 12 nor Route 150 were ever intended to serve Howard County. Route 150's origin would later be moved to the intersection of US-40 and Rolling Road. Selected trips also operated from near Security Square Mall, but these were eliminated in 1995. During the early 2000s, the line was eventually extended to the Long Gate Park-and-Ride lot in Ellicott City (near US-29 and Maryland Route 103), with two-way service during rush hour to allow for reverse commuters who worked in Ellicott City and the second connection between MTA to Howard Transit, the other being at BWI Airport, where the Light Rail and Bus Route 17 meet Howard Transit's Silver Line.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, MTA proposed to completely eliminate Route 150, and not to provide any bus service to Ellicott City, requiring riders who wished to reach Ellicott City from Baltimore to spend several hours each way on buses. The line at the time was reported as having 143 daily riders, and had required a taxpayer subsidy of $8.71 per boarding, and was seen as a "failed experiment." Due to public outcry, four round trips each day (two AM and two PM) were retained and operate to this day.
In 2009, Route 150 was extended to Columbia. On January 12, Route 311 between Columbia and Baltimore was discontinued, and Route 150 was extended to Columbia Mall. On February 8, the line was extended to the Village of Harper's Choice.

</doc>
<doc id="19119655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119655" title="Amicale de Mauthausen">
Amicale de Mauthausen

The Amicale de Mauthausen is a French association in memory of the history of the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp.
Shortly after the end of World War II, on 1 October 1945, the institution named "l’Amicale des déportés politiques de la Résistance de Mauthausen et de ses kommandos dépendants" was founded. The original members were particularly survivors of KZ Mauthausen and its subcamps.
The Amicale de Mauthausen discovered that 198,000 people of 25 different nationalities (10,000 of them French) were deported to KZ Mauthausen. 118,000 people died from forced labor or in one of the gas chambers, which were installed inside of the camp.
Particularly in the post war years, but also today, the Amicale helps families of the missing or their children.
Meanwhile, the Amicale has already been teaching about the crimes of national socialism for 60 years.
The Amicale appears on different international dispositions, like commemorations of the liberation of Mauthausen. They also arrange different excursions to Mauthausen.
In the year 2000, there was an official generation change. Because of their age the survivors of the camp handed over their functions to their children. There are still about 500 deportees and their families working for the association, to commemorate their suffering.
The French Amical is a member of the Comité International de Mauthausen with around 1,700 members in total. The head office is in Paris, but there are many members elsewhere too.
At the head office, there is the possibility for Austrians to serve for a short time instead of the military service as an Austrian Holocaust Memorial Servant.
The first Austrian Holocaust Memorial Servant started to work in Paris on 1 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19119656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19119656" title="Bafai">
Bafai

Bafai is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,207 and had 373 houses.

</doc>
