<doc id="19145654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145654" title="Iron Dog">
Iron Dog

Iron Dog, originally known as the Iron Dog Gold Rush Classic and later the Tesoro Iron Dog, is an off-road snowmobile race across Alaska, USA. It normally starts on a Sunday in mid-February. At , it is the longest snowmachine race in the world. A record forty teams entered the 2008 event. the total purse was US$$210,500, with $50,000 awarded to the winners.
Course.
The event began in 1984 as a race in Alaska from Big Lake near Wasilla to Nome. It was approximately doubled to at the 10th annual race in 1994. The race route now follows parts of the Iditarod Trail, the route of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race. It starts at Big Lake and follows the main trail and its connecting trails until it hits to the Yukon River at Ruby. It follows the river to Kaltag before it heads to the Norton Sound on the Bering Sea at Unalakleet and it follows the coast to Nome. Then it returns along the same path in the reverse order to Ruby, where it diverges off its original path by following the Yukon River and its tributary the Tanana River until the competitors finish in Fairbanks. The route changes from time to time; total length has been 1,971 to 2,031 miles since 1993, extended to 2,031 miles in 2011. the fastest time since 1993 was 35 hours 39 minutes 56 seconds by Marc McKenna & Dusty VanMeter on a Ski-Doo in 2012, although this figure is dependent upon route length and conditions rather than being a straightforward record; fastest times have exceeded 71 hours.
Safety.
Races are typically run in temperatures well below freezing, and -20°F (-30°C) to -50°F (-45°C) air temperatures are common without taking wind chill into effect. Some drivers apply duct tape to their faces to protect against frostbite. The machines are equipped with tall windshields for protection from the cold. 
Drivers compete in two-driver, two-sled teams for their safety since they travel through remote areas of Alaska. Teams are required to take three six-hour breaks between Nome and Tanana. They also take a 42-hour break in Nome to recuperate before they start making their return. Sleds are impounded during the break, ensuring that they rest since they are not able to work on their sleds. the race had never had a fatality, although there had been close calls.

</doc>
<doc id="19145655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145655" title="St. Ann with Emmanuel, Nottingham">
St. Ann with Emmanuel, Nottingham

St. Ann with Emmanuel Church, Nottingham is a parish church in the Church of England in St Ann's, Nottingham. 
History.
St. Ann with Emmanuel was opened in 1974. It replaced two previous churches of St. Ann's Church, Nottingham (by R. C. Clarke, demolished 1971) and Emmanuel Church, Woodborough Road (by Watson Fothergill demolished 1972).

</doc>
<doc id="19145656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145656" title="Joseph Hansen (dancer)">
Joseph Hansen (dancer)

Joseph Hansen (8 March 1842, Brussels – 27 July 1907, Paris) was a Belgian dancer and choreographer.
Life.
Ballet director at the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels from 1865 à 1871, he was its ballet master from 1871 to 1875, putting on the first production of "Coppélia" on 29 November 1871. He held the same role at the Opéra de Paris during the 1875-1876 season. He was in London in 1877-1878, then worked at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow from 1879 to 1882, where he put on "Swan Lake" by Petipa and Tchaikovsky (1880) and directed Russia's first production of "Coppélia" (1882).

</doc>
<doc id="19145660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145660" title="KWEN">
KWEN

KWEN is a country music radio station in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Broadcasting on 95.5 FM, the station is owned by Cox Media Group. The station was the sister station of the original KKNG in Oklahoma City, on 92.5 FM, as both were owned by Swanson Broadcasting. The stations were branded as the "King and Queen of Oklahoma", as the KWEN callsign was meant to suggest "Queen". The stations were split when New City Communications sold KKNG to the owners of KOMA AM 1520

</doc>
<doc id="19145671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145671" title="European Underwater Federation">
European Underwater Federation

The European Underwater Federation (EUF) is an umbrella organisation representing the interests of SCUBA diver training organisations operating in both the not for profit and for profit sectors within Europe.
Purpose and scope.
EUF seeks to be the peak consultative body within Europe in respect to all matters that concern recreational diving activities, particularly those concerning legislation, regulation and safety. By virtue of the knowledge and experience of its corporate members, it claims an area of competency within recreational, cultural and sporting underwater activities in matters such as but not limited to the conduct of diving activities (including competitive activities), access to diving sites, training, all aspects of diving equipment, treatment of diving injuries, teaching and the use of recreational diving techniques by professional persons. It claims no expertise in areas involving commercial or military diving.
Members.
The EUF has a membership consisting of a broad range of European training organisations, including both for-profit and non-profit making bodies. It is incorporated in the UK as a Company Limited by Guarantee. The EUF estimates that its members represent over 3,000,000 divers, 60,000 diving instructors, 5,000 clubs and 2,500 diving schools.
Individual training organisations may apply for full voting membership of the EUF either as "profit distributing organisations" and "non-profit distributing organisations". Organisations that cannot meet the definition of a training organisation can either apply for "Associate Membership" or "Observer" status. Two special members also exist: "CMAS Europe", which represents the interests of national diving federations located in Europe and who are affiliated to Confédération Mondiale des Activités Subaquatiques and "RSTC Europe", which represents the interests of for-profit scuba training organisations operating in Europe. The membership consisted of the following organisations as of October 2012. 
The EUF and international standards.
The EUF states that it actively supports the development of both European Norms (via CEN, the European Committee for Standardization) and International Organization for Standardization (ISO) standards for recreational scuba diving.
EUF Certification Body.
In 2003, the "EUF Certification Body" was formed, a joint-venture between the EUF and the "Austrian Standards Institute" (ON). The EUF Certification Body, (which is also known as EUF Certification International) exists to offer the recreational scuba diving community a unified procedure of reliable and recognised proof of the quality of scuba diving training services based on European and ISO standards. It audits diver training organisations and service providers and, where appropriate, certifies them as complying with the relevant standards.
As of September 2013, the following recreational scuba diving training organisations have been certified by EUF Certification International:

</doc>
<doc id="19145672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145672" title="Perpetual Flame">
Perpetual Flame

Perpetual Flame is a studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen and his group Rising Force, released on 13 October 2008 in Europe and on October 14, 2008 in the USA. and Canada. It was his first album since 2005's "Unleash the Fury" and the first with ex-Judas Priest and Iced Earth singer Tim "Ripper" Owens. The album also features famed keyboardist Derek Sherinian on keyboards.
The album was also produced by Malmsteen himself, who also served as engineer, and was mixed by Roy Z (of Bruce Dickinson and Halford fame) and mastered by Maor Appelbaum (of Halford, Lita Ford, Therion fame).
The tracks Red Devil, Damnation Game, and Caprici di Diablo were made as downloadable content for the games Rock Band and Rock Band 2 on 25 November 2008.
For unknown reasons, the song titled "Four Horsemen (Of The Apocalypse)" was not included in the Japanese release.
On tour, Malmsteen was joined by Bjorn Englen on bass and Michael Troy on keyboards.
Tide of Desire and Eleventh Hour.
Lyrics were printed in the insert of Perpetual Flame for a song entitled "Tide of Desire." The lyrics are about not giving up, and of a Perpetual fire, a flame still burning; themes that seem to go with the title of the album. When asked in a recent interview, Yngwie stated that Tide of Desire was accidentally printed and will be omitted in future releases. "Tide Of Desire" was eventually released on Yngwie's 2010 album "Relentless".
The eleventh song on the album is spelled in three different ways. On the back of the album, the song is called "Leventh Hour", while on the back of the booklet the song's title is "Eleventh Hour". Finally, inside the booklet the song is called "The Eleventh Hour". On iTunes, however, "Eleventh Hour" is still spelled "Leventh Hour".
Also, the three instrumentals are handled in a peculiar way, the song "Lament" is mentioned inside the booklet as being an instrumental with the music written by Yngwie J. Malmsteen, but there is no mention at all of the other two, "Caprici Di Diablo" and "Heavy Heart".
All of these problems seem to be fixed in later copies of the album.
Critical reception.
The album has achieved generally positive reviews from critics. Critic Greg Prato of Allmusic writes "Not since the days of Jeff Scott Soto has Yngwie Malmsteen shared the spotlight with a singer who possessed enough pizazz to truly stand toe to toe with the Swedish six-string shredder...the result is Yngwie's best album in some time."

</doc>
<doc id="19145684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145684" title="KXBL">
KXBL

KXBL is a Classic Country station known as "Big Country 99.5."("Big Country" was a slogan 1170 KFAQ used during its country music heyday). Located in Henryetta, Oklahoma, it broadcasts to the Tulsa, Oklahoma area on 99.5 FM. The station is owned by Journal Broadcast Group.
History.
In the 1970's & 1980's, the station was known as KGCG "The Green Country Giant" then later as KDLB "Double Barrel Country" (both as country stations). It later went dark, then came back on the air in 1985 as "Magic 99" until 1991. After that, it became "99.5 The Storm" with calls KSTM. KSTM flipped to country in March 1993 and changed calls to KCKI as "Kick99". It changed calls in 2001 to KXBL and became "99.5 The Bull". In 2003, KXBL became a classic country station as "Big Country 99.5" its current format.

</doc>
<doc id="19145692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145692" title="William J. Whalen III">
William J. Whalen III

William Jerome Whalen III (July 18, 1940 – September 28, 2006) was the 10th director of the United States National Park Service. He joined Park Service in 1965 as a Job Corps counselor and advanced to posts in National Capital Parks and Yosemite before becoming superintendent of Golden Gate National Recreation Area in 1972. His experience in the burgeoning urban parks field contributed to his appointment as director in July 1977, yet the most significant event of his tenure was President Jimmy Carter's proclamation of much Alaska wilderness as national monuments in 1978, doubling the area under NPS jurisdiction. Friction with park concessioners led to congressional calls for Whalen's removal in 1980, and Secretary of the Interior Cecil D. Andrus returned him to Golden Gate. He left the NPS in 1983.
A native of Burgettstown, Pennsylvania, Whalen joined the National Park Service as a job corps counselor in 1965 and became well known in Washington, D.C., as manager of the Summer in the Parks Programs. He was deputy superintendent at Yosemite National Park and then managed all NPS areas in the Bay Area of San Francisco, including Golden Gate National Recreation Area. As Director of the NPS he saw the national parks double in area. Management of an expanded system including vast new parks in Alaska challenged his best talents. Whalen has returned to San Francisco Bay Area as general superintendent of Golden Gate National Recreation Area. He died of a heart attack in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19145696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145696" title="Kangaroo Creek Reservoir">
Kangaroo Creek Reservoir

Kangaroo Creek Reservoir is a 19,160 megalitre artificial water storage reservoir in the Adelaide Hills, South Australia. It was built from 1966 to 1969, by damming the River Torrens east of Cudlee Creek. The stored water is used to maintain the Hope Valley Reservoir's level via discharge through the Torrens. Water is held back by a long, high concrete clad, rock filled dam wall. 
It is named after Kangaroo Creek, a tributary of the Torrens with a drainage basin, which enters the reservoir on its southern side.

</doc>
<doc id="19145701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145701" title="Sora Uta">
Sora Uta

"Sora Uta" () is a Japanese-language song by Tibetan singer Alan, from her debut studio album "Voice of Earth" (2009). The single is the second in her series of five consecutive singles in the theme of traditional elements; this time representing sky or aether in the Japanese Godai and the Tibetan Bön.
"Sora Uta" was released on August 13, 2008, and peaked at number thirty-four on the "Oricon" charts. A Mandarin Chinese version of the song, titled "Fei Xing Zhi" (飞行志), was recorded for her second Chinese album "Xin De Dongfang" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19145703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145703" title="Nicolás Bertolo">
Nicolás Bertolo

Nicolás Santiago Bertolo (born 2 January 1986 in Córdoba) is an Argentine football midfielder who is currently under contract with Argentinian club Banfield. His nickname is "El Cordobes".
Career.
Bertolo came through the Boca Juniors youth system to make his professional debut on January 10, 2006 in a 3–2 win over Velez Sarsfield. In 2007 he was part of the Boca Juniors squad that won Copa Libertadores.
In 2008 Bertolo was loaned to Uruguayan club Nacional where he scored 3 goals in 15 appearances and in July 2008 he joined Banfield.
As a child Bertolo was a supporter of local side Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba but opted to join Boca Juniors instead. On 20 July 2009 Palermo acquired the Argentine midfielder from Banfield.
After a season as a backup player behind regulars Fabio Liverani, Antonio Nocerino and Giulio Migliaccio, Bertolo was sent on loan to Real Zaragoza of La Liga on August 2010, with an option for the Spanish club to sign him permanently at the end of the season. He ended the season with 36 appearances and 5 goals, but Zaragoza ultimately opted not to acquire the player, leading him to a return to Palermo. Scored his first goal in "rosanero" on 21 September 2011 against Cagliari, in a Serie A match.
On December 29, 2012 he moved to the Mexican club Cruz Azul.
On August 8, 2013 he returned to Banfield.
International career.
He made his International debut on the 1st June 2011 against Nigeria in a 4-1 defeat. Played against Poland four days from the first minute.

</doc>
<doc id="19145716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145716" title="WYFC">
WYFC

WYFC (95.3 FM) is an affiliate of the Bible Broadcasting Network in Clinton, Tennessee, broadcasting to the Knoxville, Tennessee, area. The station was previously a commercial CHR station in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19145732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145732" title="Elisiv of Kiev">
Elisiv of Kiev

Elisaveta Yaroslavna of Kiev (Norwegian: "Ellisif" or "Elisabeth"), (1025 – ca. 1067), was a Rus' Princess of Kiev and a Norwegian queen, wife and queen consort of King Harald III of Norway.
Biography.
Elisaveta was born to Prince Yaroslav I of Kiev and Princess Ingegerd Olofsdotter of Sweden. She was the sister of Anne of Kiev, queen and regent of France, and Anastasia of Kiev, queen of Hungary. During the winter of 1043–44, Elisaveta was married to Prince Harald Sigurdsson of Norway. Harald had left Norway in 1030 after having participated in The Battle of Stiklastad on the side of Olav, and had since then served under her father as well as under the Byzantine monarch. 
Elisaveta was the addressee of Harald's surviving poems where he lamented her suggested lack of affection towards him (no implications about their actual affections can be derived, as this might well be a poetic cliche). In 1045, she followed Harald to Norway, were they became king and queen of Norway. In Norway, she was called Queen Elisiv. In 1047, her husband became the sole ruler. However, the marriage is only documented by the poet Stuv Blinde, and there are no documents about her stay in Norway. In 1048, Harald took another wife, Tora Torbergsdatter. It is therefore possible, that Elisiv stayed in Russia, or that she died on her way to Norway. However, that would mean that the daughters of Harald, Ingegerd and Maria, who are attributed to her, must have been Tora's, which is not considered likely, as Maria was engaged to Øystein Orre fra Giske, who would have been her uncle had she been the daughter of Tora. It is therefore possible, that Tora was Harald's concubine. 
In 1066, Harald invaded England, where he died. Tradition says that Elisiv and her daughters followed Harald to England, where Maria died, as it was said, at the news of her father's death, after which Elisiv and her second daughter Ingegerd returned to Norway with the Norwegian fleet. Elisiv was to have stayed at the Orkney islands during this trip. In reality, however, the oldest of the sagas claim that it was Tora and not Elisiv who accompanied Harald on the trip, which is also considered more likely, as she was the cousin of the Orkney jarl's. 
According to Adam of Bremen, the mother of King Olav Kyrre remarried either King Sweyn II of Denmark or an unnamed Swedish king as a widow, but this is unconfirmed, and it is also unknown whether this refers to the actual mother of Olav Kyrre, which would mean Tora Torbergsdatter, or his stepmother, which would mean Elisiv. The year of her death is unknown.
Children.
Elisaveta was married to Harald in 1043 or 1044. They had two daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="19145733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145733" title="WJXB-FM">
WJXB-FM

WJXB-FM (97.5 FM, "B97.5") is a radio station licensed to serve Knoxville, Tennessee, USA. The station is owned by South Central Communications.
WJXB-FM broadcasts an adult contemporary music format. The station was formerly a beautiful music station known as WEZK. The station was assigned the WJXB-FM call sign by the Federal Communications Commission on January 21, 2002.
Translators.
WJXB-FM programming is also carried on a broadcast translator station to extend or improve the coverage area of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="19145736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145736" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 10,000 metres">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 10,000 metres

The women's 10,000 metres event featured at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain. The final was held on 26 August 1999.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19145743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145743" title="Coal slurry">
Coal slurry

Coal slurry consists of solid and liquid waste and is a by-product of the coal mining and preparation processes. It is a fine coal refuse and water. Mining generates enormous amounts of solid waste in the form of rocks and dirt. This refuse is used to dam the opening of a hollow between adjacent mountains.
After the dam is built, the void behind it is typically filled with millions of gallons of waste slurry from a coal preparation plant. This impounded liquid waste can sometimes total billions of gallons in a single facility.
High-profile disasters associated with these slurry impoundments have called into question their safety. In February 1972, three dams holding a mixture of coal slurry and water in Logan County, West Virginia failed in succession: of toxic water were released in the Buffalo Creek Flood. Out of a population of 5,000 people, 125 people were killed, 1,121 were injured, and over 4,000 were left homeless. The flood caused 50 million dollars in damages. Despite evidence of negligence, the Pittston Coal Company, which owned the compromised dam, called the event an "Act of God." In 2002, a high, long valley fill in Lyburn, West Virginia failed and slid into a sediment pond at the toe of the fill, generating a large wave of water and sediment that destroyed several cars and houses.
The term "coal slurry" is also for a mixture of crushed coal and water, created so that it can be transferred by pipeline or with specialised pumps such as a progressive cavity pump to pump the highly abrasive, corrosive and viscous coal slurry.
Composition.
Coal slurry contains a large range of constituents, including dissolved minerals that have been leached or washed out of the coal and other rocks. In addition, the slurry contains chemicals added to facilitate the washing or water re-use processes. One of these chemicals is acrylamide. Other chemicals found in the slurry and sludge include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19145744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145744" title="Richard Cooper (journalist)">
Richard Cooper (journalist)

Richard (Dick) Cooper, (born December 8, 1946), is an American journalist retired from a 28-year career as reporter and editor at "The Philadelphia Inquirer".
He and John Machacek of the "Rochester Times-Union" won the 1972 Pulitzer Prize for Local General or Spot News Reporting for their coverage of the Attica Prison Riots. He currently lives in Saint Michaels, Maryland, where he founded Cooper Media Associates and writes for the Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum and other clients.
He is an avid sailor and has owned several boats over the years. Currently, he sails Tusitala, a Hinckley Bermuda 40 yawl with a flag-blue hull, out of Saint Michaels, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19145762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145762" title="Ronald H. Walker">
Ronald H. Walker

Ronald H. Walker (born July 25, 1937) is an American executive. Walker served in the administration of President Richard Nixon, first as the first Director of the White House Office of Presidential Advance, and later as Director of the National Park Service. Walker went on to become a senior partner at Korn/Ferry International, President of the Richard Nixon Foundation, and is currently the Chairman of the Board of the Nixon Foundation.
Walker was born in Bryan, Texas. He earned a degree in political sciences from the University of Arizona, served as an officer in the United States Army in Okinawa, Japan, and later became an insurance and marketing executive. A soft-spoken and affable man, Walker had been President Nixon’s special assistant responsible for both domestic and international travel. As such, Walker coordinated President Nixon's groundbreaking voyage to the People's Republic of China in February 1972.
Director of the National Park Service.
At 36, Walker was the youngest Director to hold the office and the second appointed form outside NPS. Lacking park experience, Walker made Russell E. Dickenson, an NPS careerist, his deputy. Walker advocated a policy of “stabilization”, foreseeing that NPS funding and staffing would be inadequate for a continuing high influx of new parks and program responsibilities. Fourteen areas nevertheless joined the park system during his two years as director, including the first two national preserves. Nixon's resignation in August 1974 presaged Walker's replacement five months later.
As Director, he realigned NPS regional boundaries and added North Atlantic and Rocky Mountain offices. Under Walker, the early planning was done for the Servicewide American Revolution Bicentennial activities. 
The National Park Service established a plan to restructure organizationally in response to the diverse changes that have confronted it over the past several decades, to the National Performance Review, and to legally mandated personnel reductions. The resultant Restructuring Plan for the National Park Service built upon earlier efforts within the Service – the 21st Century Task Force Report, the VAIL AGENDA, the NPS STRATEGIC PLAN, and the Recommendations of the Reorganization Work Group –- all of which have proposed significant, substantive improvements in the organization.
The plan called for the reduction of central offices and the establishment of 16 ecological-cultural-geographical based clusters of 10-225 park units in seven regions. The first steps were taken in 1995 to begin the change. By 2000, the restructuring plan had been revised four times leaving seven regions, which were substantially smaller than before. Of the 16 ‘eco-clusters’ envisioned in the plan, only those clusters based on older regional offices, i.e., Boston (MID-ATLANTIC REGION), Seattle (PACIFIC NORTHWEST REGION), and Santa Fe (SOUTHWEST REGION) exist.
Later life and career.
A senior partner of Korn/Ferry International, he was the managing director for their Washington, D.C., offices. In late 2009, he came out of retirement to take up the position of the President of the Richard Nixon Foundation at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum in Yorba Linda, California. In 2010, he was promoted to Chairman of the Board of Directors.

</doc>
<doc id="19145763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145763" title="Family Support Act">
Family Support Act

The Family Support Act of 1988 () was a federal law that amended Title IV of the Social Security Act to revise the Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) program to emphasize work, child support and family benefits, as well as on withholding the wages of absentee parents. The Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training program (JOBS) was a welfare-to-work program created by the Family Support Act to replace the Work Incentive program (WIN).
An Associated Press article said that the law "required teen mothers who receive public assistance to remain in high school and, in some cases, to live with their parents."

</doc>
<doc id="19145766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145766" title="List of social theorists">
List of social theorists

A list of social theorists includes classical as well as modern thinkers in social theory that were notable for the impact of their published works on the general discipline of sociology.

</doc>
<doc id="19145772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145772" title="Mardy A.F.C.">
Mardy A.F.C.

Mardy A.F.C. was a Welsh football team that played in the Southern League in the 1910s and 1920s. They were based in the village of Maerdy, Glamorgan.
They joined the Southern League (Division Two) for the 1911–12 season, but left at the end of 1913–14. After World War I they rejoined the league in 1919–20 and the following season their league was renamed as the Welsh Section. Their last full season in the league was 1921–22, as after starting the 1922–23 season their record was expunged. 
Mardy generally finished towards the bottom of the table in their seasons in the league. After the First Division sides left the league in 1920 to join The Football League Mardy continued to struggle, finishing in the bottom two for the next two seasons. 
Former Mardy players include John Goodall and Proctor Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19145781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145781" title="Maren (energy management system)">
Maren (energy management system)

Maren is a marine energy management system used to minimize fuel usage, thereby reducing vessel operator's fuel cost and the harmful emissions. Maren is developed by Marorka in Iceland. Maren 2 was released in Q3 in 2005 and launched at the Icelandic Fisheries Exhibition that year. Maren 2 was awarded the best new product at the exhibition.
Maren monitors the various energy systems onboard different types of vessels. It puts operating en environmental parameters in an energy management context. Maren uses simulation and optimization to deliver suggestions on how to improve the operation of the vessel to minimize fuel usage.

</doc>
<doc id="19145794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145794" title="Jean-Joseph Fiocco">
Jean-Joseph Fiocco

Jean-Joseph Fiocco (15 December 1686 – 30 March 1746) was a Flemish composer of the high and late Baroque period.
His father was the Venetian composer Pietro Antonio Fiocco (1654–1714), and his brothers included the violinist Joseph-Hector. Jean-Joseph was active in the Austrian Netherlands and - during his time as choirmaster of Maria Elisabeth of Austria's chapel-royal in Brussels - he trained the composer Ignaz Vitzthumb and the violinist Pierre van Maldere. Fiocco's main works were nine "Repons de mort", to French texts, now thought to be lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19145796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145796" title="In.gr">
In.gr

in.gr is a Greek Web site with an Alexa Internet traffic of 1 641, being visited by approximately 0.05% of the global Internet population. The site, which is owned by Lambrakis Press Group (DOL), is written in the Greek language and exists from November 1999. According to Alexa.com, 92.1% of the site's visitors come from Greece, 1.9% from the United States of America, 1.6% from Great Britain, 0.8% from Cyprus, and 0.6% from Germany. According to Alexa, in.gr is 11th in rank of local traffic in Greece and 65th in Cyprus.
The site is described by its owning company as "the largest Internet portal that operates in Greece". According to DOL, the site contains news, real-time information on the Athens Stock Exchange, city guides, general information about Greece, coverage of various special interests such as agrotourism, cars, computers, cinema, music, and free services, including email, Internet fora, and chatrooms. in.gr is published by Ramnet, a company that belongs to DOL, its headquarters are in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19145798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145798" title="WHLH">
WHLH

WHLH is a black gospel station in Jackson, Mississippi, broadcasting at 95.5 FM. It is owned by Clear Channel Communications and branded "Hallelujah 95.5". The station was previously a CHR station known as WDBT "95.5 The Beat." 

</doc>
<doc id="19145800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145800" title="Standard part function">
Standard part function

In non-standard analysis, the standard part function is a function from the limited (finite) hyperreal numbers to the real numbers. Briefly, the standard part function "rounds off" a finite hyperreal to the nearest real. It associates to every such hyperreal formula_1, the unique real formula_2 infinitely close to it, i.e. formula_3 is infinitesimal. As such, it is a mathematical implementation of the historical concept of adequality introduced by Pierre de Fermat, as well as Leibniz's Transcendental law of homogeneity.
It can also be thought of as a mathematical implementation of Leibniz's Transcendental Law of Homogeneity. The standard part function was first defined by Abraham Robinson who used the notation formula_4 for the standard part of a hyperreal formula_1 (see Robinson 1974). This concept plays a key role in defining the concepts of the calculus, such as the derivative and the integral, in non-standard analysis. The latter theory is a rigorous formalisation of calculations with infinitesimals. The standard part of "x" is sometimes referred to as its shadow.
Definition.
Nonstandard analysis deals primarily with the pair formula_6, where the hyperreals formula_7 are an ordered field extension of the reals formula_8, and contain infinitesimals, in addition to the reals. In the hyperreal line every real number has a collection of numbers (called a monad, or halo) of hyperreals infinitely close to it. The standard part function associates to a hyperreal "x", the unique standard real number "x0" which is infinitely close to it. The relationship is expressed symbolically by writing
The standard part of any infinitesimal is 0. Thus if "N" is an infinite hypernatural, then 1/"N" is infinitesimal, and st(1/"N") = 0.
If a hyperreal formula_10 is represented by a Cauchy sequence formula_11 in the ultrapower construction, then 
Not internal.
The standard part function "st" is not defined by an internal set. There are several ways of explaining this. Perhaps the simplest is that its domain L, which is the collection of limited (i.e. finite) hyperreals, is not an internal set. Namely, since L is bounded (by any infinite hypernatural, for instance), L would have to have a least upper bound if L were internal, but L doesn't have a least upper bound. Alternatively, the range of "st" is formula_13 which is not internal; in fact every internal set in formula_14 which is a subset of formula_8 is necessarily "finite", see (Goldblatt, 1998).
Applications.
The standard part function is used to define the derivative of a function "f". If "f" is a real function, and "h" is infinitesimal, and if "f"′("x") exists, then
Alternatively, if formula_17, one takes an infinitesimal increment formula_18, and computes the corresponding formula_19. One forms the ratio formula_20. The derivative is then defined as the standard part of the ratio:

</doc>
<doc id="19145803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145803" title="Ally Dick">
Ally Dick

Alistair John "Ally" Dick (25 April 1965, Stirling, Scotland) played in the position of midfielder for Tottenham Hotspur F.C. and AFC Ajax Amsterdam He represented Scotland at schools and youth level.
Football career.
Ally Dick joined Spurs as an apprentice in May 1982. He made a total of 25 appearances and scored twice in all competitions between 1982–1986. He had the distinction of being the youngest first team club player in Spurs history at the time, at the age of 16 years, 301 days when he made his debut at White Hart Lane against Manchester City, on 20 February 1982. A record since broken by John Bostock. One of the highlights of Dick's Tottenham career was an appearance as substitute in the 2nd leg of the 1984 UEFA Cup Final at White Hart Lane. Johan Cruijff signed Dick for AFC Ajax in 1986. He was badly injured in a UEFA Cup Winners's Cup tie against Olympiacos FC. Dick featured again in the following seasons European campaign and went on to play in the 1st leg of the 1987 European Super Cup Final. Dick went on to play in Australia and later South Africa before injury ended his career at Scottish club Alloa Athletic in 1997.
Honours.
Scotland Youth 
Tottenham Hotspur F.C
AFC Ajax
After football.
Dick worked for Associated Newspapers (Daily Mail & Mail on Sunday). He also holds a UEFA B coaching license. In 2011, Dick was appointed as one of the head coaches in Stirling Albion's youth academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19145811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145811" title="Roger G. Kennedy">
Roger G. Kennedy

Roger George Kennedy (August 3, 1926 – September 30, 2011) was an American polymath whose career included banking, television production, historical writing, and museum administration, the last as director of the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History, before the Clinton administration selected him to head the National Park Service in 1993. He was especially concerned about expanding the service's educational role and moved to enlarge its presence beyond the parks via the Internet. 
Kennedy graduated from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1952. He unsuccessfully ran for Congress in 1952 as a Republican, later he became a Democrat. In 1953, he moved to Washington, D.C. where he worked as a civil trial lawyer with the Department of Justice and served as special assistant to the U.S. Attorney General and to the secretaries of the Department of Labor and the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. He rose to national notice in 1955 as a news correspondent covering the Supreme Court and the White House for NBC, for which he also wrote and produced television documentaries and hosted a radio program. 
Returning to Minnesota in the 1960s, Kennedy worked as a bank chairman in St. Paul and then as vice president for investments for the University of Minnesota and was a founder of the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis. In 1969 the Ford Foundation brought him on as vice president for finance.
During his tenure the NPS restructured (Restructuring Plan) its field operations and sharply reduced its central office staffs as part of a government-wide effort to downsize the federal bureaucracy. Kennedy resigned at the end of President Clinton's first term in 1997. 
He was married to Frances Kennedy.
Death.
He died from melanoma on September 30, 2011, at the age of 85.
Suggested Reading.
"The Human Element" 2001 The George Wright Society. All rights reserved. First published in THE GEORGE WRIGHT FORUM, Volume 18, No. 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19145816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145816" title="Bedford RL">
Bedford RL

The Bedford RL was the British military's main medium lorry (truck), built by Bedford Vehicles, from the mid-1950s until the late 1960s. They superseded the Bedford OY.
History.
The Bedford RL was based on the Bedford SCL, a civilian 7-ton truck. The military version had all wheel drive and bigger wheels to increase ground clearance. Originally conservatively rated at 3 tons, all RL GS (general service) trucks in British Military service were, at a late stage in their service lives, re-rated at 4 tons without any mechanical modifications; the weight referring to its rated cross country payload weight. The last RL rolled off the production line in the early 1970s, and all together a total of 74,000 being produced.
Design.
The RL was powered by a petrol engine producing , although some were fitted with diesel engines.
Variants.
Many specialist variants were also built; including recovery vehicles, mobile workshops, radio vans and cable layers. The Green Goddess fire engine was also based on the RL.
The RL and variants continued to serve alongside the later Bedford MK and Bedford TM trucks until well into the 1990s.
The Home Office also purchased a large number of these vehicles, kept in reserve for any national emergency. All have now since been disposed of, many having less than on the clock.

</doc>
<doc id="19145832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145832" title="Procycling">
Procycling

Procycling, or ProCycling, is a bicycling sport magazine owned by Future plc. First published in April 1999, there are 13 issues a year distributed in all countries where there are English speaking readers.
Andrew Sutcliffe, the former editor of "Cycle Trader" and the IPC Media publication "Cycling Weekly" helped form a company called Cabal Communications, run by other former IPC staff. Cabal introduced a monthly magazine called "Procycling" as a rival to IPC's own monthly publication, "Cycle Sport". Its first editor was William Fotheringham, who had also been on IPC's staff. He was assisted and then succeeded by Jeremy Whittle, correspondent to The Times and author of "Bad Blood".
Procycling describes itself as a "glossy and dynamic magazine . . . the authoritative, worldwide voice of international professional road racing, distributed in every country where there are English-speaking fans. With exclusive features and spectacular photography, Procycling brings to life the complexities, rivalries and hardships of the European professional scene."
The magazine is edited by Cam Winstanley. The majority of the readers are males (90%) in their early thirties, the magazine has a global circulation of 54,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19145835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145835" title="WHJT">
WHJT

WHJT (93.5 FM, "Star 93.5") is an American radio station licensed to serve Clinton, Mississippi, USA. The station is owned and operated by Mississippi College.
WHJT broadcasts a Contemporary Christian music format to the Jackson, Mississippi, area.
The station was assigned the call sign "WHJT" by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).

</doc>
<doc id="19145839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145839" title="Li Xian (chancellor)">
Li Xian (chancellor)

Li Xian () (709–766), formally the Duke of Liang (, Liáng Gōng), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Suzong and Emperor Daizong. He was known for his willingness to stand up against the powerful eunuch Li Fuguo and for his mercy toward other officials who had become collaborators with the rebel Yan regime.
Background.
Li Xian was born in 709, during the reign of Emperor Zhongzong. He was a member of Tang Dynasty's imperial Li clan – his great-grandfather Li Ke the Prince of Wu was a son of Tang's second emperor Emperor Taizong, who was also Emperor Zhongzong's grandfather. Li Xian's grandfather Li Kun (李琨) served as a prefectural prefect and was posthumously honored with the title of Prince of Wu as well. Li Xian's father Li Hui (李褘) the Prince of Xin'an was a well-known general early in the reign of Emperor Zhongzong's nephew Emperor Xuanzong. Li Xian had two older brothers, Li Heng (李峘) and Li Yi (李嶧), both of whom served as officials as well.
During Emperor Xuanzong's reign.
It was said that Li Xian was charitable and humble, willing to meet capable people of lower social stations, and that he showed abilities to be an official in his youth. Because of his heritage, he was able to join the civil service, and he eventually served as the magistrate of Gaoling County (高陵, in modern Xi'an, Shaanxi), near the capital Chang'an. Due to his good performance at Gaoling, he was then made the magistrate of Wannian County (萬年), one of the two counties making up the city of Chang'an. He then successively served as the deputy mayor of Henan Municipality (河南, i.e., the eastern capital Luoyang), the governor of Wei Commandery (魏郡, roughly modern Handan, Hebei), a general of the imperial guards, the director of palace construction (將作監, "Jiangzuo Jian"), and eventually the mayor of Jingzhao Municipality (京兆, i.e., Chang'an). Wherever he went he served well. In 754, while Li Xian was serving as the mayor of Jingzhao, the region suffered some 60 days of rain, causing much flooding. The powerful chancellor Yang Guozhong, who resented Li Xian for not flattering him, took this opportunity to blame Li Xian for the floods (i.e., that Li Xian must have brought divine displeasure) and had him demoted to be the governor of Changsha Commandery. The populace, which missed his governance, wrote a song that included the words, "If you want the grain price to fall, bring Li Xian back."
During Emperor Suzong's reign.
In 755, the general An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang Circuit (范陽, headquartered in modern Beijing), and by 756, forces of his new Yan state were approaching Chang'an, forcing Emperor Xuanzong to flee toward Chengdu. Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng (note different character than Li Xian's brother) did not follow Emperor Xuanzong on the trek to Chengdu, but instead fled to Lingwu, where he was declared emperor (as Emperor Suzong) – an act that Emperor Xuanzong recognized when he heard the news. After Emperor Suzong's ascension but before Emperor Xuanzong received the news, however, Emperor Xuanzong made a number of commissions of Emperor Suzong and his other sons, giving them different regions of responsibility in the realm, and one of Emperor Suzong's younger brothers, Li Lin the Prince of Yong, was given the areas of Shannan East (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei), Lingnan (headquartered in modern Guangzhou, Guangdong), Qianzhong (黔中, headquartered in modern Chongqing), and Jiangnan West (江南西道, headquartered in modern Nanchang, Jiangxi) Circuits, with Dou Shao (竇紹) and Li Xian as his assistants, and his headquarters set at Jiangling. After Li Lin reported to his post, however, it became clear that Li Lin intended to rule the area as his own realm independent from Emperors Xuanzong and Suzong, and he further intended to incorporate other regions south of the Yangtze River into his private realm. Li Xian, realizing this, claimed an illness and resigned, but instead reported to Emperor Suzong's court, where he conferred with Emperor Suzong and the official Gao Shi (高適) on strategies to defeat Li Lin. (Soon, when Li Lin openly rebelled, he was defeated by the generals Li Xian (李銑, note different character) and Li Chengshi (李成式), and was ultimately captured and executed by the general Huangfu Shen (皇甫侁).)
Meanwhile, Emperor Suzong made Li Xian the governor of Fufeng Commandery (扶風, roughly modern Baoji, Shaanxi) – where Emperor Suzong was at the time, so effectively the mayor of the capital again – as well as chief imperial censor (御史大夫, "Yushi Daifu"). After Emperor Suzong recaptured Chang'an in 757, he made Li Xian the mayor of Jingzhao Municipality again and created him the Duke of Liang, making him of the same rank as his older brother Li Heng, who had already been created the Duke of Zhao, as the eldest son of a prince. After a joint Tang and Huige force commanded by Emperor Suzong's son Li Chu the Prince of Chu recaptured Luoyang as well, Li Xian, then also carrying the title of minister of rites (禮部尚書, "Libu Shangshu"), along with his colleagues Lü Yin and Cui Qi (崔器), were put in charge of judging the cases against former Tang officials who had surrendered to and served the Yan regime. It was said that Lü and Cui were harsh, but Li Xian was merciful and gained a good reputation from his judgments. In late 757, after they had judged most of the cases, Lü and Cui proposed that those former officials who had served Yan should all be put to death. Li Xian pointed out that the rebellion had not entirely been put down yet, and further, some officials were coerced into serving Yan, and should be treated differently from those who openly embraced Yan causes. At Li Xian's suggestion, Emperor Suzong divided the punishment for those former Tang officials into six grades, with the punishments being beheading, forced suicide, caning, exile, and demotion, respectively.
In spring 759, as a part of reorganization of his chancellors, Emperor Suzong removed Miao Jinqing and Wang Yu as chancellors, and replaced them with Lü, Li Xian, Li Kui, and Diwu Qi, giving all of them the "de facto" chancellor designations "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). Li Xian was also given the post of "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the executive bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"). Emperor Suzong trusted Li Xian the most, and Li Xian was the most senior among the chancellors, and therefore Li Xian made the most decisions, drawing resentment from Lü. At that time, the powerful eunuch Li Fuguo and the secret police agents that he employed were able to roam through Chang'an, doing whatever they wished in the emperor's name with impunity. At Li Xian's suggestion, Emperor Suzong suspended the secret police agents' powers, causing LI Fuguo to resent Li Xian as well. Soon, the issue came to a head when a horse trainer inside the palace at Fengxiang Municipality (i.e., the former Fufeng Commandery) committed robbery and was captured and executed by the sheriff of Tianxing County (天興, in modern Baoji) Xie Yifu (謝夷甫). The trainer's wife protested her husband's innocence to Li Fuguo, who had previously served in the same role and therefore was sympathetic. Li Fuguo thus ordered reinvestigations, which were carried out by the officials Sun Ying (孫鎣), Cui Boyang (崔伯陽), Li Ye (李曄), and Quan Xian (權獻) – all of whom agreed that Xie's actions were proper. However, neither the wife nor Li Fuguo was satisfied, and Li Fuguo ordered the imperial censor Mao Ruoxu (毛若虛) to reinvestigate, and Mao, wanting to flatter Li Fuguo, concluded that Xie wrongly executed the trainer. Cui, who was Mao's superior, in anger, wanted to file an accusation against Mao, but Mao instead met with Emperor Suzong first and protested his innocence. When Cui did submit his accusation that Mao was flattering Li Fuguo, Emperor Suzong exiled Cui, Quan, Li Ye, and Yan Xiang (嚴向) the mayor of Fengxiang Municipality, while Sun was not only exiled but further reduced to commoner rank. Li Xian submitted a defense of Cui, and Emperor Suzong, believed that Li Xian was engaged in factionalism, was instead removed from his chancellor post and demoted to be the governor of Shu Prefecture (蜀州, in modern Chengdu).
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Emperor Suzong died in 762 and was succeeded by Li Chu (whose name had been changed to Li Yu by that point) (as Emperor Daizong). Emperor Daizong made Li Xian the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Jingnan Circuit (荊南, headquartered in modern Jingzhou, Hubei) and put him in charge of selecting officials from the Yangtze and Huai River regions. He later recalled Li Xian to serve as the minister of rites and the minister of imperial clan affairs (宗正卿, "Zongzheng Qing"). In 763, after a surprise Tufan attack forced Emperor Daizong to flee Chang'an to Shan Prefecture (陝州, in modern Sanmenxia, Henan), Li Xian followed Emperor Daizong to Shan Prefecture as well and, upon Emperor Daizong's return to Chang'an, was made "Huangmen Shilang" (黃門侍郎) – the deputy head of the examination bureau (門下省, "Menxia Sheng") – and chancellor again with the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi". It was said that earlier regulations did not permit chancellors to receive guests at the Hall of Chancellors (政事堂, "Zhengshi Tang"), but in order to placate eunuchs, the chancellor Yuan Zai set up mats at the Hall of Chancellors to facilitate visiting eunuchs. Li Xian ordered that the mats be removed. In 764, with eunuchs resentful of him – believing that he was responsible for the removal of the powerful eunuch Cheng Yuanzhen – he was removed from his chancellor post and made a staff member of Emperor Suzong's crown prince Li Kuo, and soon sent to Hong Prefecture (洪州, in modern Nanchang, Jiangxi) to be responsible again for selecting officials from the Yangtze and Huai regions. In 765, he was made the prefect of Qu Prefecture (衢州, roughly modern Quzhou, Zhejiang). He died in summer 766.

</doc>
<doc id="19145844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145844" title="Nephopterix angustella">
Nephopterix angustella

Nephopterix angustella is a moth of the family Pyralidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is . The moth flies from May to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Bird Cherry.

</doc>
<doc id="19145846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145846" title="Alfred J. Bennett">
Alfred J. Bennett

Alfred John Bennett (1861 – ca.1923) was an English artist who worked in oils, watercolour and etching.
Life and work.
Bennett was born in London which became a major source of inspiration to the artist. His paintings, drawings and etchings, more often than not, depicted well known landmarks of the capital city. In December 1889 Bennett married Catherine Avery (They had one daughter, Mary Catherine) and spent a short amount of time living with her family in East Hyde, Bedfordshire. During this period Bennett worked as a Jeweller, whilst also regularly submitting paintings to the Royal Academy of which four were exhibited between 1861-1880.
After this success, Bennett left the jewellery trade and concentrated on his art, first moving to Thornton Heath, Surrey and then relocating his studio to Knebworth.
Exhibitions.
Bennett exhibited extensively, regularly contributing work to the Royal Watercolour Society (17 pictures) and British Institution (2 pictures) exhibitions. A further painting titled "The Hill Farm" was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1916, and he achieved more success with solo and joint shows at the prestigious Walker's Gallery in New Bond Street, London in 1918 and 1923. In addition, he also exhibited works at the Fine Art Society, New English Art Club, Grosvenor Gallery, International Society, and the Royal Institute of Oil Painters.
Many of Bennett's works are found in public art collections, including two watercolours in the collection of Brighton Museum & Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="19145850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145850" title="Sulaiman Al-Fahim">
Sulaiman Al-Fahim

Sulaiman Abdul Kareem Mohammad Al-Fahim () (born 1977 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates) is the ex-CEO of the Abu Dhabi based Hydra Properties real estate development company, and president of the Arab Union for Real Estate Development. In March 2009, Al-Fahim was listed fourth in "Arabian Business" magazine's list of "The World's most influential Arabs". Sulaiman Al Fahim was number 87 in 2012 and number 83 in 2013 in the "The World's most influential Arabs" prepared by Arabiab Business.
Sulaiman al Fahim was also the Director of the Intergovernmental Renewable Energy Organization IREO till 2010.
He is also the Director of Royal Football Fund based in Dubai which was formed in 2011-12 where he is responsible for the Public Relations. The Fund claims to be associated with the United Investment Bank which came into existence only in 2012.
Early life.
Al-Fahim was born in Dubai in 1977. From the age of eleven he worked in his father's Orient Pharmacy after school. At the age eighteen he founded the "Sulaiman Al Fahim Group" which financed education and sports in the UAE. In 1998, when he was 21, his parents and younger brother were killed in a road traffic accident near Dubai Airport. Following this loss he moved to the United States. There Al-Fahim received his MBA in Finance and Real Estate from Kogod School of Business at the American University - Washington DC, USA.
Other work.
Television.
Al-Fahim is the founder and host of the business themed reality television show "Hydra Executives" which was launched in Spring 2008.
Sport.
A keen chess player, Al-Fahim represented his country as a youth and is currently president of the UAE Chess Association (not to be confused with the UAE Chess Federation, the official body), and was ranked fifth in the world in his age group at the age of nine. In June 2008, Al-Fahim was elected as a new president of UAE Chess Federation for 2008–2012. Al-Fahim is a fan of the football clubs Al Ain and Al Jazeera. Additionally, during his time at Hydra Properties, he was involved in sponsorship of Dubai sports television, a Costa Rican soccer team, the German Bundesliga as well as building a new football academy in Abu Dhabi with Italian football giants Internazionale.
In November 2008 Al Fahim was honored with a gold medal of excellence from HM Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin, The King of Malaysia, for his work supporting Equestrian activities world wide. Al Fahim was honored with this distinction during the FEI World Endurance Championship 2008 in Malaysia.
Manchester City.
On 1 September 2008 Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan, of which Al-Fahim was a spokesman for, agreed the take over of Premier League football club Manchester City. The deal was signed at the Emirates Palace Hotel in the presence of Al-Fahim, who represented ADUG.
Portsmouth.
On 27 May 2009, it was reported that Al-Fahim had signed a deal to take over the English Premier League club Portsmouth. Owner Alexandre Gaydamak agreed a price of around £60 million, with the deal proposed to be completed by 28 July 2009.
Charity work.
In December 2008, Al-Fahim was appointed by the Intergovernmental Institution for the use of Micro-algae Spirulina Against Malnutrition (IIMSAM) as a Goodwill Ambassador at Large in support of the United Nations Millennium Development Goals by encouraging the use of Spirulina to eradicate malnutrition. In an interview with "Asharq Al-Awsat", Al-Fahim stated that he and his wife had launched a charity in Kenya called Dar al Mumineen, where they have sponsored and looked after the medical needs of a few thousand children.

</doc>
<doc id="19145862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145862" title="James M. Ridenour">
James M. Ridenour

James Michael Ridenour (born January 1, 1942) was the director of the National Park Service. He served as director of the Indiana Department of Natural Resources for eight years before becoming NPS director in April 1989. Director Rindenour was not willing to accept additions to the system simply for local economic development. He spoke out against the "thinning of the blood" of the system and sought to retain the initiative from Congress in charting its expansion. He favored alternatives to full federal acquisition of proposed parklands, stressed the importance of working with other government bodies and private entities to protect lands in and outside the system, and sought to achieve a greater financial return to the NPS from park concessions. He departed with the Bush administration in January 1993.
James Ridenour of West Lafayette was a Vietnam War veteran; he served in the U.S. Army (1966–1969) as commander of a medical company in Denver, Colo., as commander of a medical detachment in Vietnam; and in Valley Forge, Pa. General Hospital, as chief of the Welfare and Recreation Branch.
Vail Agenda.
Director Ridenour brought together a diverse gathering of park officials, public officials, and public interest groups and individuals at Vail, Colorado in 1991. The group developed a program called the VAIL AGENDA, which laid out a program of standards to bring the Park Service into the 21st Century.
The National Park Service underwent an intensive review of its responsibilities and prospects for the future during its 75th anniversary celebration in 1991. It culminated its efforts in October 1991 with a symposium in Vail, Colo. that including several hundred participants from both within and outside the NPS. The gathering, the Oct. 10, 1991 session of which was officially a public meeting advertised in the Federal Register of Sept. 19, 1991, resulted in six strategic objectives and the identification of a variety of issues and recommendations, which were published in a book entitled National Parks for the 21st Century: The Vail Agenda (Library of Congress Card Number: 92-60741). Although the meeting took place during the administration of Secretary of the Interior Manuel Lujan and NPS Director James Ridenour, the Vail agenda and vision remains today as a directional tool for the NPS, with the book itself, published under the leadership of Secretary Bruce Babbitt and Director Roger Kennedy, who wrote the foreword and preface.
Suggested reading.
James M. Ridenour, The National Parks Compromised: Pork Barrel Politics and America's Treasures (Merrillville, IN: ICS Books, 1994).

</doc>
<doc id="19145900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145900" title="Vail Agenda">
Vail Agenda

The National Park Service underwent an intensive review of its responsibilities and prospects for the future during its 75th anniversary celebration in 1991. It culminated its efforts in October 1991 with a symposium in Vail, Colo. that including several hundred participants from both within and outside the NPS. The gathering, the Oct. 10, 1991 session of which was officially a public meeting advertised in the Federal Register of Sept. 19, 1991, resulted in six strategic objectives and the identification of a variety of issues and recommendations, which were published in a book titled National Parks for the 21st Century: The Vail Agenda (Library of Congress Card Number: 92-60741). Although the meeting took place during the administration of Secretary of the Interior Manuel Lujan and NPS Director James Ridenour, with the book itself published under the leadership of Secretary Bruce Babbitt and Director Roger Kennedy, who wrote the foreword and preface, the Vail agenda and vision remains today as a directional tool for the NPS. (See TWELVE POINT PLAN (1985))
Objectives.
The primary responsibility of the National Park Service must be protection of park resources from internal and external impairment.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should provide technical and planning assistance to public and private parties able to mitigate external and transboundary threats to park unit resources, and to those able to influence the quality of visitor enjoyment and enlightenment through their provision of gateway services.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should utilize available resources, expertise and cooperative relationships to ensure compliance with applicable law when external activities otherwise endanger park resources.
RECOMMENDATION—Each park unit should be managed to protect unimpaired the special resources and values that constitute its contribution to the national identity and experience. Such values may include a unit's unique historic significance, cultural lessons, wilderness traits, recreational opportunities, and/or ecological systems.
RECOMMENDATION—Natural resources in the park system should be managed under ecological principles that prevent their impairment. Cultural diversity and social and historical contexts should be recognized as significant values in the protection and stewardship of historical and cultural resources.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should seek active public and private partners engaged in resource protection, research, education, and visitor enjoyment that are consistent with the objectives of protecting park values and conveying their meaning to the public.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should reinforce its role as a world leader in park affairs through agreements and actions which facilitate the exchange of information, development of environmental and cultural resource preservation strategies, and protection of critical world resources.
RECOMMENDATION—Programs, such as an American Heritage Area program, should be established to preserve and protect natural, cultural and historical resources that are worthy of national recognition, but that do not meet the requirements necessary for full inclusion in the National Park System. Such programs should make use of public and private sector partnerships, technical assistance, and Park Service support.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should fully implement, and be provided requisite funding for, existing legislative mandates under Public Law 88-29, requiring the Department of Interior to produce at five-year intervals a nationwide recreation plan; the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act; the Urban Parks and Recreation Resources Act; the Historic Preservation Fund Act, and related statutes.
"*Strategic Objective 2: Access and Enjoyment"
Each park unit should be managed to provide the nation's diverse public with access to and recreational and educational enjoyment of the lessons contained in that unit, while maintaining unimpaired those unique attributes that are its contribution to the National Park System.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should minimize the development of facilities within the park boundaries to the extent consistent with the mission of conveying each individual park unit's significance to the public.
RECOMMENDATION—Where wilderness values are present, impairment of those values should not be compromised.
RECOMMENDATION—The repair and maintenance of existing park facilities should be undertaken and designed to fulfill the purpose of conveying park values to the public, while protecting the special qualities of each park unit.
RECOMMENDATION—Facilities that are purely for the convenience of visitors should be provided by the private sector in gateway communities.
"*Strategic Objective 3: Education and Interpretation"
It should be the responsibility of the National Park Service to interpret and convey each park unit's and the park system's contributions to the nation's values, character, and experience.
RECOMMENDATION—Each visitor to a park unit should have access to a basic interpretation of the unit's unique features and significance. The Park Service should invest in innovative expansions of its ability to provide interpretation that enhances visitor enjoyment and enlightenment.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should launch a specific program of educational outreach, directed at schools and community groups and designed to maximize the public's access to the unique ecological, historical, cultural, and geologic lessons contained in the park system
RECOMMENDATION-The National Park Service should embark upon a systematic, park-by-park, usable inventory of information on park resources and visitor needs.
RECOMMENDATION—Comprehensive information on park unit resources and public needs, acquired by resource professionals and solicited from citizens, should be incorporated directly into the management of park units and other agency programs which serve the public.
The National Park Service must be a leader in local, national and international park affairs, actively pursuing the mission of the National Park System and assisting others in managing their park resources and values.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should establish a headquarters Office of Legislative and Policy Analysis, and reestablish within this office a corresponding legislative program.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should establish an Office of Strategic Planning, charged with documenting impediments to the mission of the National Park Service, generating feasible solutions and funding requirements, and communicating these to the Director and the Office of Legislative and Policy Analysis.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should reestablish an areas study program, covering both natural and heritage resources and charged with initiating and responding to proposals for park system additions. This program could be based within the Office of Strategic Planning.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should clarify existing legislative and regulatory authorities for addressing external and transboundary resource threats, ensure their use, and seek additional legislative authority where needed.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should initiate an intensive training program for managers to explain authorities, mechanisms and strategies for addressing external and transboundary issues, and to help managers view the natural, cultural, and historical contexts of their units.
RECOMMENDATION—The management and resources of the National Park Service should be focused to maximize educational, recreational, and cultural value in the park units and other agency programs which serve the public.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should assess its capabilities for decentralized management. Effective decentralized organization will require: functions of support and service to the parks, liaison with non-Service parties, systems of accountability and control, training in management principles, and broader grants of authority to superintendents and staff in line operations.
"*Strategic Objective 5: Science and Research"
The National Park Service must engage in a sustained and integrated program of natural, cultural and social science resource management and research aimed at acquiring and using the information needed to manage and protect park resources.
RECOMMENDATION—Secure legislation and funding that support a research mandate for the Park Service.
RECOMMENDATION—Accelerate the training of Park Service managers in information management and the role, use and production of research information.
RECOMMENDATION—Base resource protection, access and interpretation decisions and programs on full consideration of the best available scientific research; where quality information is lacking, initiate it through Park Service resource management professionals.
"*Strategic Objective 6: Professionalism"
The National Park Service must create and maintain a highly professional organization and workforce.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should establish and/or raise educational requirements as appropriate for professional track positions, including those that require strong bases of technical, scientific, interpretative, administrative, and/or managerial knowledge.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should strengthen recruitment, hiring and retention of a culturally diverse professional workforce.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should implement a comprehensive program of broad-based, mission-driven employee training.
RECOMMENDATION—All National Park Service employees should receive basic orientation training that covers the agency's objectives, purpose, history, and organization.
RECOMMENDATION—National Park Service training should focus on development of present and future management and leadership capabilities, as well as appropriate professional and technical skills.
RECOMMENDATION—Working with the Office of Personnel Management and the Office of Management and Budget, the National Park Service should undertake a comprehensive review of its existing compensation structure. This review should be conducted under needs criteria derived from the mission of the Park Service and in light of professional compensation structures in related resource agencies.
RECOMMENDATION—The National Park Service should create a Human Resources Management Board with responsibility for senior management assignment, training and development, and for developing the agency's plans for training, career advancement procedures, and educational requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="19145902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145902" title="Hinckley Yachts">
Hinckley Yachts

Hinckley Yachts, founded in 1928, is a manufacturer of luxury sailing yachts and jet-powered picnic boats based in Southwest Harbor, Maine. The company has developed yacht technologies including JetStick and Dual Guard composite material, and was an early developer of the fiberglass hull. Currently, Hinckley is operating in seven locations across the United States, making it one of the largest manufacturers of custom, luxury yachts in the United States. Hinckley’s present yacht line includes seven powerboats ranging in size from 29 to 55 feet and seven sailing vessels offered in lengths from 42 to 70 feet. Similar to yachts built by Sabre Yachts, Ellis Boat Company, and Lyman Morse Boatbuilding, all of Hinckley’s yachts are handcrafted and semi-custom built. Semi-custom yachts use a production hull with customization of the interior, deck and rig as required by the purchaser.
Hinckley today.
In mid-2008 over 300 of the company’s employees were laid off., Hinckley has recovered from the economic struggle faced by the industry after the '08 crisis. In 2012 the company launched two new designs: the Talaria 48 and Hinckley T34.
Hinckley relies on a manual assembly line process to create its yachts, meaning widespread automation is nearly impossible. Due to the custom format of the yachts, Hinckley does not go through model years, rather it attempts to make “two major changes per year” to its line of vessels.
The Hinckley Company (the mother company of Hinckley Yachts) also provides such services as yacht service, yacht brokerage, charters, and boat insurance.
History.
Hinckley was founded in 1928 by Benjamin B. Hinckley after he purchased a small boatyard in Southwest Harbor, ME. In 1932 Benjamin’s son, Henry R. Hinckley, an engineering graduate from Cornell, took control of the company. A 36 foot “fisherman motorboat” dubbed “Ruthyeolyn” built in 1933 was Hinckley’s first boat. Five years later, in 1938, Hinckley came out with its first sailing vessel, a 28 foot Sparkman & Stephens sloop. Hinckley would go on to produce 20 of these sloops, making them the company’s first mass production line. Straying away from boatbuilding, Hinckley opened Manset Marine Supply Company in 1940 for which he designed many fittings for fuel tanks, stanchions, deck plates, and the like that are still utilized today.
At the start of World War II, Hinckley turned to manufacturing war-designed boats. At the end of the war Hinckley’s contributions totaled nearly 40% of all war boats built in Maine, for which the company was awarded two Army-Navy “E’s” for excellence in 1942 and 1943. Hinckley’s production of pleasure boats began soon after the war.
In 1945 the Sou’wester sailboat was created. 62 original Sou’Westers were built, making it the largest fleet of single design cruising boats of its time. During the 1950s, Hinckley began experimenting with the use of fiberglass to construct his yachts’ hulls. His first fiberglass boat, the Bermuda 40 sailing ship, was released in 1959. The last Hinckley-built wooden boat was the 1960 “Osprey.” Throughout the 1960s the company provided navigation systems along with auto-pilot and electric-powered furling mainsails.
In 1979 Henry Hinckley sold the company to Richard Tucker, but after Tucker’s death in 1980 Henry Henry’s son Bob bought the company back with the help of his business partner Shepard McKenney. The two released Hinckley’s first fiberglass powerboat christened “Talaria” in 1989. The last of the Bermuda 40’s was produced in 1991, bringing the total number of B40’s produced to 203 over its 32 year lifespan.
Hinckley became the first American boat company to use SCRIMP technology (a method of making composite material with nearly no volatile organic compound emissions) in its yachts, for which Hinckley was awarded the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s Environmental Merit Award in 1994. Also in 1994, the company first used its jet propulsion technology.
The company again fell under new ownership in 1997 when it was purchased by The Bain, Willard Companies for approximately $20 million. William Bain, Ralph Willard, and Alexander Spaulding took over operations. Under the new ownership, Hinckley began to market power boats equipped with jet drives. The company also developed more advanced fiberglass construction techniques dubbed "Dual Guard", which aimed to create a stronger hull.
In 2001 Bain, Willard Companies sold a 51% controlling interest in The Hinckley Company to Cambridge, Massachusetts based Monitor Clipper Partners for $40 million in debt and equity.
Company overview.
Hinckley currently conducts operations in seven locations across the North East and South East regions of the United States. Due to economic struggles the company reduced its workforce from 625 employees in mid-2008 to just 305 at the end of August 2009.
William W. Bain, Jr. is the company’s director: the Vanderbilt graduate also serves as chairman of the board for Bain, Willard Companies, L.D. and on the board of trust at Vanderbilt. Bain was also named “One of Greater Boston’s 100 most influential business people of the 20th century” by the Boston Business Journal; James McManus- President and CEO since 2007 is a graduate of Yale University with a masters in Business Administration from Harvard University. McManus is also the director of Casella Waste Systems, Inc.; Ralph Willard- Hinckley’s Chairman of the Board, along with Bain and Alexander Spaulding, helped grow the company from a $25 million outfit with 175 employees to a $100 million operation with 700-plus employees in three years; Alexander H. Spaulding- no longer with the company, but played an instrumental role in Hinckley’s recent development as President, a graduate of Georgetown University. He is now the President and Managing General partner of Sea Glass Capital; and Chairman of the Barton & Gray Mariners Club Ed Roberts- Vice President of Sales and Product Development, a graduate of the University of Connecticut; Michael Arieta- Hinckley’s General Manager, works with the Great Lakes Boat Building School as a technical advisor to boatbuilding students who will be hired as company craftsmen.
Current yachts.
Hinckley’s current line of yachts includes seven powerboats ranging in length from 29 to 55 feet and seven sailing vessels from 42 to 70 feet (each boat’s length is represented by the number preceded by its name). The powerboats are made up of six Talarias and one Picnic Boat. The Talaria fleet was first built in 1989. The present line includes: Talaria 29 C (T 29 C), T 29 R, T34 T 38 R, T 40, T 44, T 44 FB/MY, T 55, and Picnic Boat Mk III. The T 38 R includes a “hydraulically operated convertible top” and is “all about curves, shadows, highlights, and reflections”. Combining speed and comfort, the T 40 features the speed and handling of Hinckley’s smaller boats along with an interior that “feels like it comes from a 50-footer”.
The Hinckley sailing fleet includes six Sou’wester vessels and the DS 42. Since 1945 the Sou’wester line has been Hinckley’s best selling sailing ship. The DS 42 was nominated one of the best boats of 2005 by Sail Magazine for its “innovative use of roller furling in a carbon-fiber mast”. Currently Hinckley’s sailing line consists of the SW 42, SW 51, SW 52, SW 59, SW 61, SW 70, and DS 42.
The Bermuda 40 and other models.
The Bermuda 40 was introduced in 1959 and was Hinckley’s first fiberglass boat. According to Jack Humor of spinsheet.com “the B-40 was to become the bellwether for future production and established Hinckley as the premier North American Yacht builder of exceptional quality sailing yachts”. The last B40 was built in 1991, ending its 40th year of production with the 203rd rendition of the trendsetting yacht. Another original Hinckley design is the Sou’Wester line, first built in 1945.
Younger than the Sou’Wester line, the picnic boat style was created by Hinckley. Originally designed with jet propulsion, the picnic boat led to the development of the JetStick.
Research and development.
Hinckley introduced the JetStick, Dual Guard composite material, and the use of fiberglass. The first experiments with fiberglas began during the 1950s and concluded with the creation of the B40 in 1959. Despite much criticism such as the comparison of fiberglass to “frozen snot,” Hinckley used the material in boatbuilding . Hinckley created Dual Guard technology in 1999, a composite composed of a Kevlar center encompassed by carbon fiber, aimed at creating a stronger and more efficient hull.
The JetStick, designed by Control Engineering, Inc., was first used in 1998. The computer-integrated design allows the skipper to control and dock the boat through the use of a joystick. To use the JetStick the driver pushes a button to engage docking mode, this in turn disengages the wheel while a computer determines the amount of bow thruster and jet needed to move the boat sideways.

</doc>
<doc id="19145951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145951" title="Solar power tower">
Solar power tower

The solar power tower, also known as 'central tower' power plants or 'heliostat' power plants or power towers, is a type of solar furnace using a tower to receive the focused sunlight. It uses an array of flat, movable mirrors (called heliostats) to focus the sun's rays upon a collector tower (the target). Concentrated solar thermal is seen as one viable solution for renewable, pollution-free energy.
Early designs used these focused rays to heat water, and used the resulting steam to power a turbine. Newer designs using liquid sodium have been demonstrated, and systems using molten salts (40% potassium nitrate, 60% sodium nitrate) as the working fluids are now in operation. These working fluids have high heat capacity, which can be used to store the energy before using it to boil water to drive turbines. These designs also allow power to be generated when the sun is not shining.
Cost.
The US National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) has estimated that by 2020 electricity could be produced from power towers for 5.47 cents per kWh. Companies such as ESolar (backed by Google.org) are continuing development of cheap, low maintenance, mass producible heliostat components that will reduce costs in the near future. ESolar's design uses large numbers of small mirrors (1.14 m²), which reduce costs for installing mounting systems such as concrete, steel, drilling & cranes.
Improvements in working fluid systems, such as moving from current two tank (hot/cold) designs to single tank thermocline systems with quartzite thermal fillers and oxygen blankets will improve material efficiency and reduce costs further.
Design.
Generally, installations use from to .
Commercial applications.
Recently, there has been a renewed interest in solar tower power technology, as is evident from the fact that there are several companies involved in planning, designing and building utility size power plants. This is an important step towards the ultimate goal of developing commercially viable plants. There are numerous examples of case studies of applying innovative solution to solar power.
Novel applications.
The Pit Power Tower combines a Solar Power Tower and an Aero-electric Power Tower in a decommissioned open pit mine. Traditional Solar Power Towers are constrained in size by the height of the tower and closer heliostats blocking the line of sight of outer heliostats to the receiver. The use of the pit mine's "stadium seating" helps overcome the blocking constraint.
As Solar Power Towers commonly use steam to drive the turbines, and water tends to be scarce in regions with high solar energy, another advantage of open pits is that they tend to collect water, having been dug below the water table. The Pit Power Tower uses low heat steam to drive the pneumatic tubes in a co-generation system. A third benefit of re-purposing a pit mine for this kind of project is the possibility of reusing mine infrastructure such as roads, buildings and electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="19145954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145954" title="Caspar Hedio">
Caspar Hedio

Caspar Hedio, also written as Kaspar Hedio, Kaspar Heyd, Kaspar Bock or Kaspar Böckel (Ettlingen, 1494 - Strasbourg, 17 October 1552) was a German historian, theologian and Protestant reformer.
He was born into a prosperous family and attended a famous school in Pforzheim. In 1513. he began his studies in Fribourg and later studied theology in Basel, where he received his degree in 1519. At that time, he began his relationship with Ulrich Zwingli and corresponded with Martin Luther. He took his doctorate in Mainz and obtained a position as a preacher at the Strasbourg Cathedral in 1523. His Protestant convictions were made clear when he married Margarete Trenz.
In Strasbourg, he collaborated with Wolfgang Capito and Martin Bucer and participated in the Marburg Colloquy. His influence extended to Alsace, the Margraviate of Baden and the Palatinate. When Philipp Melanchthon went to France, Hedio was asked to accompany him. In 1541, he moved to Regensburg to join Bucer and others in developing Protestant doctrine. As a representative of Strasbourg, he participated in the debate at the Diet of Worms of 1545.
Hedio translated many tracts by the Church Fathers, published a chronicle of the early Christian church based on the works of Eusebius and Sozomen and compiled a world history.

</doc>
<doc id="19145971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145971" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 110 metres hurdles">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 110 metres hurdles

These are the official results of the Men's 110 metres hurdles event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 42 participating athletes, with six qualifying heats, four quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Wednesday August 25, 1999 at 20:25h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19145982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145982" title="Johnny White's">
Johnny White's

Johnny White's is a bar in New Orleans known for remaining open despite Hurricane Katrina.

</doc>
<doc id="19145983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145983" title="Fox Rothschild">
Fox Rothschild

Fox Rothschild LLP is a national law firm with more than 550 attorneys practicing in 19 offices coast to coast. Lawyers at the firm provide a full range of legal services to public and private companies – from family-run businesses to multinational corporations. They also represent charitable, medical and educational institutions both in the United States and in more than 50 countries worldwide.
The firm ranks among the top 200 law firms nationally, according to "The American Lawyer".
History.
The firm was founded in Philadelphia in 1907 with two attorneys. Serving clients for more than a century, the firm has been climbing the ranks of the nation’s 250 largest firms for many years, according to "The National Law Journal". It currently ranks #111 on the "AmLaw 200" list and is also ranked #85 in "The National Law Journal 350" list.
In recent years, Fox Rothschild has experienced significant growth, opening offices that expand the breadth of the firm's geographical presence and deepening the provision of legal services it offers to clients.
The firm expanded in Los Angeles in 2011 when it joined forces with LA intellectual property firm The Chan Law Group to further serve clients’ international needs.
The firm bolstered its presence in Washington, DC, in 2011 with the addition of eight construction and government contracts attorneys.
Fox put a footprint in Denver in 2012, expanding its litigation and intellectual property capabilities.
Also in 2012, the firm opened a conference center in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, to help meet the needs of clients and provide a central point for those between the firm’s Philadelphia and Atlantic City offices.
Fox expanded its northern New Jersey real estate practice in 2013 with the addition of a team of eight attorneys formerly with Day Pitney LLP. This group spearheaded the opening of the firm’s Morristown, New Jersey, office – its fourth New Jersey location—in July 2013.
In a move that broadened its reach in Florida and bolstered services to clients with international interests, Fox opened an office in Coral Gables, Florida, in 2013 through the addition of former Coral Gables mayor Raul J. Valdes-Fauli to the firm.
Fox significantly expanded its presence in Denver in 2013 when it welcomed a team of 16 attorneys and absorbed the established Denver law firm Lottner Rubin Fishman Saul, P.C.

</doc>
<doc id="19145986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145986" title="Compascuus">
Compascuus

Compascuus is Latin for commonly grazed, and hence often used in the forms ager compascuus (common pasture land) and compascuum (the common pasture). In the early republic, there were three kinds of land, private, public and common pasture. The Lex Agraria, that formalized the existing situation after the land reforms, set limits on how much cattle an individual could graze on ager compascuus without having to pay dues.
Placenames.
This ancient term is still preserved in some placenames in Drenthe:

</doc>
<doc id="19145988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19145988" title="Arthur James F. Bond">
Arthur James F. Bond

Arthur James F. Bond, R.S.M.A. (1888–1958) was an English artist who worked in oils, watercolour and etching.
Life and work.
Arthur Bond was born June 1888 in Devonport, Devon, England. His father, Richard Bond was the Vicar of St James' Church, Devonport and the family lived in the large vicarage adjacent. Being the son of a vicar meant that Bond had a fairly privileged upbringing - the family had three domestic servants and when he was of age Arthur was sent to an boarding school in Somerset.
After leaving school, Arthur Bond moved to London to concentrate on his artistic career, studying art at Heatherley's, at Goldsmiths' College and at the Central School of Arts and Crafts. He first London address was in St Margarets-on-Thames, before moving to Twickenham in 1913, then Barnes, before settling in leafy Richmond, 1918. Like many artists, the city proved a muse for Arthur Bond which is evident in his numerous etchings and paintings of the capital. Bond also favoured maritime subjects, elected a member of the Royal Society of Marine Artists and the Wapping Group of Artists. He established a studio on Gravesend Pier in the same building used by Thames river pilots. During 1956 this pier-head studio became the setting for a number of Wapping Group invited meetings where members could chat to many of the pilots. Bond exhibited often in the capital, with six paintings shown at the Royal Academy between 1912 - 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="19146004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146004" title="Western Dry Dock and Shipbuilding Company">
Western Dry Dock and Shipbuilding Company

The Western Dry Dock and Shipbuilding Company operated at Port Arthur, Ontario, now part of Thunder Bay, on Lake Superior from its organization in October 1909 until its reorganization in November 1916 as the Port Arthur Shipbuilding Company. It was probably a subsidiary of the Cleveland-based American Ship Building Company until entrepreneur James Whalen took control in 1916. Whalen was president from 1909–1916.
Its dry dock and shops were located at Bare Point at the extreme eastern end of the Thunder Bay harbour. They were constructed in 1910. The first launching of a vessel was June 27, 1911, a scow or barge for the Great Lakes Dredging Company.
During the First World War, the company also produced shells and munitions for the Imperial Munitions Board. It also built Big Bull tractors in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="19146006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146006" title="Swatch FIVB World Tour 2004">
Swatch FIVB World Tour 2004

The Swatch FIVB World Tour 2004 was the official international beach volleyball tour for 2004.
The USA won seven, and Brazil five, of the 12 women's tournaments, of the 2004 tour. Brazil also won nine of the 14 men's tournaments.
Grand Slam.
There were three Grand Slam tournaments. These events give a higher number of points and more money than the rest of the tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="19146017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146017" title="Kenneth Asamoah">
Kenneth Asamoah

Kenneth Asamoah Boateng (born on 1 August 1988 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian football striker playing with Young Africans SC in the Tanzanian Premier League.
Career.
Asamoah played for several clubs in Ghana while young. In summer 2008 he moved abroad to play with Serbian SuperLiga club FK Jagodina. He stayed in Serbia for two seasons playing a total of 20 SuperLiga matches and scoring twice. In late summer 2010 he was loaned to Tanzanian Premier League club Young Africans FC. In 2011 he made the only and winning goal for Young Africans in the CECAFA 2011 Kagame Inter-Club Cup final against Simba S.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19146018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146018" title="Gelegenheitsarbeit einer Sklavin">
Gelegenheitsarbeit einer Sklavin

Gelegenheitsarbeit einer Sklavin is a 1973 West German drama film directed by Alexander Kluge, usually known in English-speaking countries as "Part-Time Work of a Domestic Slave".
Plot.
Roswitha Bronski (Alexandra Kluge) is a nurse married to the chemical engineer Franz Bronski (Bion Steinborn), with whom she had three children. Since her husband does not work, devoting himself exclusively to studies with the intention of becoming a new genius of chemistry, Roswitha has to support her family by running an illegal abortion clinic. Facing the indifference of her husband, who believes that she is intellectually inferior, the open hostility of doctors like Dr. Genée (Traugott Buhre) and a harsh double journey, Roswitha receives a hard blow when her clinic is closed by police. From then on, she puts aside her passivity and begins a journey to redefine herself as mother, wife and working woman, part of a society threatened by an early globalization.

</doc>
<doc id="19146031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146031" title="1981 South American Championships – Singles">
1981 South American Championships – Singles

José Luis Clerc was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Ivan Lendl won in the final 6–2, 6–2 against Guillermo Vilas.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19146037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146037" title="Uniform tree">
Uniform tree

In mathematics, a uniform tree is a locally finite tree which is the universal cover of a finite graph. Equivalently, the full automorphism group G=Aut(X) of the tree, which is a locally compact topological group, is unimodular and G\X is finite. Also equivalent is the existence of a uniform X-lattice in G.

</doc>
<doc id="19146044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146044" title="Arvīds Jurgens">
Arvīds Jurgens

Arvīds Jurgens (27 May 1905 in Riga, Russian Empire – 17 December 1955 in Montreal, Quebec) was a Latvian footballer, ice hockey, basketball and bandy player who play played for Latvia national teams in all four of these sports. He was one of the best all-around Latvian sportsmen.
Football career.
Jurgens began playing football with JKS Riga in 1921, in 1922 winning silver medals of Riga championship with the club, although he was mainly the second choice goalkeeper behind Hermanis Saltups. When in 1923 RFK was formed, Jurgens alongside most of the JKS footballers joined the new club which proved to be the flagman of Latvian football in the years to come.
From 1924 to 1926 Jurgens won three Latvian league titles with RFK and became a two-time winner of the Riga Football Cup. From 1924 he also played for Latvia national football team for which in the years to come he played nearly two times as many matches as his main competitor Harijs Lazdiņš from Olimpija Liepāja. He was a member of the Latvian football team at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1927 Jurgens became the instigator for Riga Vanderer being formed as there was an incident involving Jurgens playing for different clubs in different sports which eventually led to Jurgens being arrested before a bandy match. He joined the newly founded Vanderer (alongside several other former RFK footballers) and together with the side rose to the Latvian Higher League over just two years. For the 1928/1929 season Jurgens left Latvia and played with Austria Wien becoming the first Latvian footballer to play abroad. Before the 1932 season Jurgens left Vanderer for ASK Riga with which he won his fourth Latvian championship in 1932. He played with ASK until the 1937/38 season after which he switched solely to refereeing eventually becoming one of the best football referees in Latvia. With Latvia national football team he played his last match in 1935. Jurgens continued to perform as a football referee after World War II when he lived in Germany and Canada.
Ice-hockey career.
In ice hockey Jurgens won five Latvian league titles - from 1932 to 1937 when playing with ASK Riga hockey team. With Latvia national ice hockey team he played at the 1936 Winter Olympics. In ice hockey, unlike football Jurgens played as a forward and not as a goalkeeper.
Basketball career.
Jurgens won the Latvian basketball league title when playing with RFK in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19146069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146069" title="International Cycling Film Festival">
International Cycling Film Festival

The International Cycling Film Festival (, ) is a not-for-profit film festival held annually in the Ruhr Area, Germany, and in the Silesian Voivodeship in Poland. Its mission is to strengthen international cooperation in the areas of cycling, cycling films and bicycle culture. The festival promotes interaction between movie makers and cyclists from all over the world. It has screened more than 150 short movies from more than 30 countries since its debut in 2006. Each year around 20 films compete for the award "Goldene Kurbel" and the awards of the audience. The Neistat Brothers, Michaël Dudok de Wit, Lucas Brunelle and other filmmakers contributed to the ICFF. It is managed by the cycling club "Team Hollandse Frietjes - non-professional cycling".
The last International Cycling Film Festival 2013 screened 17 bike films from ten countries. Approximately 300 participants attended the festival in Germany, around 70 participated in the new Polish edition of the ICFF. The next and 9th ICFF takes place October 11, 2014.
History.
Early years.
The International Cycling Film Festival was founded in December 2005 in Bochum by the chairman of the local cycling club Team Hollandse Frietjes – non-professional cycling, Gernot Mühge. The festival launched in September 2006 under the name "International Cycling Video Festival" (). Featured were 17 films from the USA, Scotland, Switzerland, Austria and Germany. The first three festivals took place at “Goldkante”, a club for the local art scene and social-cultural events in Bochum. During these years the festival was arranged as a three-days festival, containing two film evenings at the first two days and ending with a time trial for both cyclists and movie makers at the third day. The laudatory for the "Goldene Kurbel" in these years was Frank Hörner, director of the "Theater Kohlenpott", which is a children and youth theatre in the Flottmann-Hallen, Herne. He facilitated the transfer of the ICFF from Bochum to nearby Herne.
Flottmann-Hallen years.
Since a continuous growth in terms of both the number of participants and the quality and quantity of film contributions the festival was renamed "International Cycling Film Festival” 2009. Also the festival's venue “Goldkante” became too small for the audience over the years. Based on the existing cooperation to the "Theater Kohlenpott" the makers of the festival decided to move the 4th International Cycling Film Festival to Herne 2009. From then until now the festival takes place at the Flottmann-Hallen, a former machine-tool factory, which was transformed into a cultural centre for Herne following its closure in 1983. During the years 2010 to 2012 the ICFF was included in the “VVicycle- Herne Film and Bicycle Days”, an organizational umbrella for different film festivals taking place in the Flottmann-Hallen.
“The fantastic bicycle film" () was the particular motto of the 6th International Cycling Film Festival. The motto was repeated as "The fantastic bicycle film reloaded" during the 8th ICFF 2013. These two specific programs included anime, animation and auteur films from Argentinia, Autria, Greece, Germany, Japan, Italy, Poland and Portugal.
A Polish-German festival since 2012.
In Summer 2011, during a meeting on future cooperation among bicycle activists in the Ruhr district held in the bike kitchen in Dortmund, Aleksander Kopia, founder of the Silesian Bicycle Initiative (), Poland met people from the ICFF. From that point the Polish initiative is a partner of the Team Hollandse Frietjes and the ICFF. First guest performances in Poland occurred in Katowice and in Częstochowa in summer 2012. This gave rise to the idea of setting up a second ICFF in Poland based on equal partnership between the Polish and German makers of the ICFF. So 2013 the program of the festival was shown simultaneously in Herne and Częstochowa. Furthermore, a new prize for bicycle-related films was created. The award was named "Trzy złote szprychy" () and is the audience award of the festival’s Polish edition.
Award Goldene Kurbel.
The Goldene Kurbel () is the highest price awarded to the best film in the festival, counting as The Oscar for bicycle films. It is the oldest film prize for bicycle-related films. 
The award is chosen by a jury of local film, bicycle and art experts who are also in charge for the official selection of the festival program. The Goldene Kurbel consists of a golden right-side crank arm of a bicycle on the top of a wooden base. The crank stands as a symbol for the bicycle and refers also to the crank of early hand-cranked film cameras.
Awardees.
The prize for the best film 2013 was given to "Three-Legged Horses" from Felipe Bustos Sierra, Edinburgh, Scotland. His short shows an evening in the live of a professional cycle rickshaw driver, the friendly contacts with passersby, street musicians, colleagues, but also by the demanding fight against gravity, physical pain and nasty passengers. Referring to this contrast the film ends in a big brass party including the whole nightlife of Edinburgh. "Three-Legged Horses" shows the bright and dark site of professional bicycle driving, the fascination of free urban life, the solidarity among a modern precariat on the one hand, and on the other hand the vulnerability and toughness of this particular work life. The film won both Goldene Kurbel and audience award of the 8th ICFF.
"Father and Daughter", a Dutch animation from Michaël Dudok de Wit was the Goldene Kurbel awardee in 2012. The metaphorical and touching film tells the story of a young girl, beginning with the goodbye of her father who leaves in a small boat. Over and over the girl took the bike to come back to the point where he left. This scene recurs for several stages of her life, i.e. as young woman cycling with her girlfriends, with her husband and children, as an elder woman, yet within her there is always a deep longing for her father. The compelling film won the audience award of the ICFF 2012, too.
The film prize 2011 was awarded to the American short "Cycle of love" by Catherine Marshall. It is the first contribution for the ICFF, within which bicycles play all parts in the film. The festival jury was positive about the amazing expressivity of Catherine Marshall's playing act bicycles, which was needed for the tragicomical love story of her film.
2010 the Goldene Kurbel was given to the Romanian artist Alexei Gubenco and his movie "Vive La Crise!". The animation takes the economic and financial crisis as a starting point: "The short shows in an optimistic and satirical way the benefits of the cycle for both individuals and society, referring to the (as it were) anti-consumerism character of cycling", so the 2010th jury's comment.
The winner in 2009 was the German movie maker Jörn Staeger. His film "Rad" (English title: "Wheel") is a short about a bizarre cycling trip under time pressure and against bicycle-specific obstacles: men, dogs, bike chains.
The 2008 prize winner was the movie maker Mike Tereba from Luxembourg for his contribution "Psyclist", an internationally highly successful movie. "Psyclist" is a gloomy feature film dedicated to a cyclist who was killed in a bicycle accident.
Winners of the Goldene Kurbel in previous years were the German movie maker Sören Büngener for his film "A Look in the Mirror" in 2007; a year earlier, in 2006, the Goldene Kurbel was awarded to the Austrian/German artists Sylvia Winkler und Stephan Köperl and their film "doored in downtown".
Guest performances.
The first guest performance of the ICFF took place in the German Museum for Sport and Olympics (), Cologne, in 2011. Since this time regularly guest performances of the ICFF take place in the Centennial Hall () during the festival “Bicycle Summer of Industrial Culture”, and in the cultural center Langer August in Dortmund in cooperation with the local Critical Mass. Guest performances of the ICFF normally contain a selection of films from recent years.
Souvenir Stefan Götz.
The sporting competition "Souvenir Stefan Götz" marks the end of each German edition of the International Cycling Film Festival. It is named after the first sponsor of the Team Hollandse Frietjes. It also refers to the Tour de France and its Souvenir Henri Desgrange.
In the first few years of the festival the Souvenir Stefan Götz took the form of an individual and team time trial over about 20 km, which was open to both audience and movie makers. 2009 the Souvenir Stefan Götz was a match sprint over about 800 metres, 2011 it was an Urban Cycle Polo match, from 2012 onwards a Goldsprint.
Winners of the Souvenir Stefan Götz.
2013: Pierre Cournoyer, Performing Artist at Roomservice, Herne
2012: Unknown participant of the festival
2011: Bike Polo Team "Champagneros", Duisburg, Germany
2009: Gernot Mühge, founding director of the ICFF
2008: Thomas Wisiolek, amateur cyclist
2007: Rolf Trovato, amateur cyclist
2006: Holger Zepper, movie maker

</doc>
<doc id="19146071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146071" title="Lemucaguin">
Lemucaguin

Lemucaguin a native of Andalicán was the successor to Turcupichun as toqui of the Moluche Butalmapu north of the Biobío River in 1558. He organized a detachment of arquebusiers from weapons captured in the Battle of Marihueñu. He continued the war against García Hurtado de Mendoza after the executions of Caupolican and Turcupichun. Establishing pucaras at Quiapo and other locations to block Spanish access to the Arauco region. He was the first toqui to use firearms and artillery in the Battle of Quiapo However he was killed in this battle and was replaced by Illangulién. The later historian, Juan Ignacio Molina, calls the toqui that led at Quiapo Caupolicán the younger, son the executed toqui Caupolican

</doc>
<doc id="19146074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146074" title="Sphinx pinastri">
Sphinx pinastri

Sphinx pinastri, known as the Pine Hawk-moth, is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is found in Palearctic ecozone and sometimes the Nearctic ecozone. This species has been found in Scotland but is usually found in England.
The larvae feed on Scots Pine, Swiss Pine, Siberian Pine and Norway Spruce.
Description.
"Sphinx pinastri's" wings are gray with black dashes. The wingspan is . The moth flies from April to August depending on the location.
The back of the thorax is grey with two dark bands around both sides.
Life.
The females lay their eggs in groups of 2 or 3 along pine or spruce needles.

</doc>
<doc id="19146090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146090" title="Pemirolast">
Pemirolast

Pemirolast (INN) is an anti-allergic drug. It is marketed under the tradenames Alegysal and Alamast.
It has also been studied for the treatment of asthma.

</doc>
<doc id="19146095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146095" title="Maquis de Rieumes">
Maquis de Rieumes

The Maquis de Rieumes was one of the maquis groups of French resistance fighters during the Second World War.
In 1942, the "Juge d'instruction" of Muret, André Reboul, along with other patriots, founded the group which in 1944 would become the Maquis de Rieumes.
In 1943, the group reinforced itself and was joined by, among others, Jules Delattre, a retired air force captain who would become the commander of the Maquis de Rieumes. It was also joined by some other Rieumois: Doctor Robert Roger ("Médecin Capitaine de réserve"), Doctor Charles Chwartz ("Médecin Lieutenant de réserve"), Jean Lécussan (a retired army "Adjudant chef").
The year 1943 was devoted to recruitment, training and to the organization of teams in the villages of the cantons of Auterive, Carbonne, Muret and Rieumes.
In 1944, events gained momentum following parachute drops announced by "radio Londres", and an arms depot was set up in Rieumes. 
On 1 June, battle stations were announced with the message ""Messieurs, faites vos jeux"".
On the 5th, two more messages, ""Le père la Cerise est verni"" and ""Veronese était un peintre"" communicated the Normandy landings.
In the night, the teams met up in the wooded part of Rieumes and divided themselves into three companies, one of which was based in the forest of Lautignac-Savères.
Towards the end of June, the fuse was lit as Reboul joined the "corps franc Pommiès" with 200 men.
Notable events involving the maquis.
Towards noon, a white flag was put by Berthe on the "Rougeat" field – the signal that the Germans were arriving. The column included two tractions in front, six jeeps, a machine-gun, an ambulance and approximately 200 men. The fighting lasted three hours and resulted in about 20 casualties among the German troops. Near 3:00 pm, in danger of becoming surrounded, the maquis retired towards Montastruc Savès without sustaining any wounded.
The Maquis carried out operations until the liberation of Muret on 20 August 1944.
A stele of gratitude to the people of Savères and Lautignac was constructed at the edge of the forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19146111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146111" title="Dejan Radosavljević">
Dejan Radosavljević

Dejan Radosavljević (Serbian Cyrillic: Дejaн Paдocaвљeвић ;born 5 May 1979 in Dolac) is a Serbian footballer playing for Borac Čačak, where he plays as a midfielder.
He has previously played with FK Jedinstvo Donja Mutnica, FK Jedinstvo Paraćin, FK Jagodina, FK Sevojno, FK Novi Pazar ,FK Radnički Niš and FK Sloga Kraljevo.

</doc>
<doc id="19146130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146130" title="GVVV">
GVVV

Gelders Veenendaalse Voetbal Vereniging, better known as GVVV, is a Dutch football club.
It is one of seven football clubs from Veenendaal. GVVV's colors are blue-white.
GVVV plays its matches at Sportpark Panhuis. They are currently playing in the Topklasse, the highest tier of amateur football in the Netherlands and the third tier in general.
Current squad.
"As of 1 December 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="19146157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146157" title="Baker's Falls">
Baker's Falls

Baker's Falls is a famous waterfall in Sri Lanka. It is situated in Horton Plains National Park on a tributary of the Belihul Oya. The height of the Baker's waterfalls is . The falls were named after Sir Samuel Baker, who was a famous explorer. Many "Rhododendron" and Fern bushes can be seen around the waterfall.

</doc>
<doc id="19146173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146173" title="Marcelino Gálatas">
Marcelino Gálatas

Marcelino Gálatas Rentería (born 2 April 1902 in Manila, Philippines) was a Spanish international football player who played for Real Sociedad and Atlético Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="19146189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146189" title="Catherine Cadière">
Catherine Cadière

Catherine Cadière, or Marie-Catherine Cadière, (12 November 1709 in Toulon, year of death unknown), was an alleged French witch. The trial of Catherine Cadiére in 1731 is one of the most famous of its kind in French history, and have been referred to many times in literature, notably in the pornographic novel "Thérèse Philosophe".
Background.
Catherine Cadière was born to a merchant, whose health was ruined by the plague in 1720, and lived under the guardianship of her mother and brothers. She was interested in mysticism and religion, and became deeply influenced by the Jesuit Jean-Baptiste Girard (1680-1733), whom she met in 1728. She was encouraged to the belief that she suffered from holy convulsions and saintly stigmatics and spiritual visions by Girard, who presented it to be the symptoms of a saint. He visited her often, and possibly abused her sexually. Her emotional state during these experiences was described as hysterical.
Trial.
In June 1730, Girard was investigated for abuse and corruption, and she was placed in a convent. She was released in September 1730. The case was transferred to the court of Aix-en-Provence. Catherine was first placed in a convent in Toulon and was then take to a convent in Aix for the trial. She was defended by Chaudon. The case drew an enormous attention form the whole of France, and Catherine was supported by parliamentarias, noblewomen, and the public in Toulon and Aix. The case was seen as a case against the order of the Jesuits, and Catherine was seen as a symbol of the corruption of the Jesuits.
Verdict.
On 11 September 1731, Catherine Cadiére was sentenced to death. On 10 October 1731, she was declared innocent. Her acquittal and release was greeted with great rejoice from the public. She was turned over to her mother, who was to remove her to prevent chaos, so that civil order could be restored. However, the fate of Catherine Cadiére after this is unknown, and considered to be mysterious.

</doc>
<doc id="19146208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146208" title="Florence (actor)">
Florence (actor)

Nicolas-Joseph Billot de La Ferrière, stage-name Florence (4 March 1749, Léry - 25 June 1816, rue Traversière, Paris) was a French actor.
He began his career in 1771 at the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels, and moved to Versailles in 1777 in Mme Montansier's company. Also in 1777 he made his anonymous début at the Comédie-Française, but was only received into its company after a second on 7 May 1778. He was admitted as a sociétaire in April 1779, and devoted the next 25 years to the Comédie-Française's interests, making them forget his lack of talent. Imprisoned with several other actors during the Reign of Terror, he owed his safe release to La Bussière. He retired in 1804 and died in 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="19146239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146239" title="Francis Holman">
Francis Holman

Francis Holman (1729–1784) was a British maritime painter, little recognised during his own lifetime, but whose paintings are now sought after. He is also notable as the teacher of Thomas Luny.
Life.
He was born in Ramsgate and baptized on 14 November 1729 at St Laurence-in-Thanet, Ramsgate. He was the eldest son and second of six children of Francis Holman (1696–1739), and his wife, Anne Long (1707–1757). His father was a master mariner, and his grandfather a Ramsgate cooper. His younger brother, Captain John Holman (1733–1816), maintained the family shipping business and remained close to Francis throughout his life. Young Francis would certainly have been immersed in the maritime world during his up-bringing; the legacy of this early knowledge is a wealth of detail and accuracy in his later work.
Francis Holman lived in at least five addresses in Wapping on the Thames in London. He married, firstly, Elizabeth, and they produced 3 sons; John (b. 1757), and two more sons, both named Francis, who died in infancy. Elizabeth's death is unrecorded, but on 7 May 1781 he married, secondly, Jane Maxted (c.1736–1790). He was apparently childless when he wrote his will in 1783.
Work.
Holman's earliest works are portraits of ships, commonly commissioned for ships' captains. From 1767 to 1772 he exhibited eleven pictures at the Free Society of Artists, and he began to produce pictures of shipyards and the general life of maritime Britain in the late eighteenth century. By 1773 Holman had taken on Thomas Luny as an apprentice; Luny later became a major maritime painter in his own right.
With the American War of Independence and the strong contemporary public interest in the Royal Navy, it was natural that Holman should turn his talents towards more patriotic themes. Between 1774 and 1784 he sent seventeen pictures, mostly of the Royal Navy or sea battles, for exhibition at the Royal Academy. His most notable painting of the American War of Independence is "The Moonlight Battle off Cape St Vincent, 16 January 1780" (shown right).
Fate.
Holman died in Wapping on 29 November 1784. Captain John Holman brought his body back to Ramsgate for burial on 4 December in Jane's family vault at St Laurence, where the vicar recorded his death as due to "lethargy".
Artistic achievement.
According to Lionel Cust in the "Dictionary of National Biography", Holman's work "met with unmerited neglect". More recently, his paintings have achieved good prices at auction and form significant collections at museums, not least the National Maritime Museum. His attention to detail and in-depth knowledge of his subject have left us with a valuable record of eighteenth century maritime life, and consequently his reputation as a major marine painter has grown. His importance as the teacher of Thomas Luny has also enhanced his reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="19146243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146243" title="Vasilije Prodanović">
Vasilije Prodanović

Vasilije Prodanović (, born 24 November 1985) is a Serbian footballer who plays for FK Bežanija in the Serbian First League.
Born in Belgrade, he previously played with FK Jedinstvo Ub, FK Čukarički Stankom, FK Zemun, FK Bežanija, FK Jagodina on Serbia. He had spells abroad with Polonia Bytom in the Polish Ekstraklasa and KS Kastrioti in the Albanian Superliga.

</doc>
<doc id="19146260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146260" title="USNS Loyal (T-AGOS-22)">
USNS Loyal (T-AGOS-22)

USNS "Loyal" (T-AGOS-22) is a "Victorious"-class ocean surveillance ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1993 and assigned to the Navy’s Special Missions Program. 
Built and Particulars.
"Loyal" was built by Mc Dermott Shipyards, Morgan City, Louisiana. She was laid down on 7 October 1991 and launched 19 September 1992 and was delivered to the Navy on 1 July 1993 which assigned her to the Military Sealift Command (MSC) Special Missions Program.
Vessel particulars - 
FPO AE 09577-4018
IMO Number : 892664000 
Callsign : NLYL
MMSI : 367835000
Mission.
The mission of "Loyal" is to directly support the Navy by using passive sonar arrays to detect and track undersea threats.
Operational history.
The USS Loyal used Sasebo as a base in 2011, and was deployed in the Pacific ocean.
She called Sasebo in January 2011 and Subic bay (Philippines) in April 2012
Honors and awards.
"Loyal" personnel are qualified for the following medals:
Note.
There is no journal entry on "Loyal" at DANFS.

</doc>
<doc id="19146261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146261" title="Switching and terminal railroad">
Switching and terminal railroad

A switching and terminal railroad is a freight railroad company whose primary purpose is to perform local switching services or to own and operate a terminal facility. Switching is a type of operation done within the limits of a yard. It generally consists of making up and breaking up trains, storing and classifying cars, serving industries within yard limits, and other related purposes. These movements are made at slow speed under special yard rules.
Facilities.
A terminal facility can include a union freight station, train ferry, or bridge. Its purpose is to connect larger carriers to other modes of transport or other carriers.
Ownership.
These companies may be jointly owned by several major carriers; examples include the Belt Railway of Chicago, Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, and Conrail Shared Assets Operations.
Incentives.
The Internal Revenue Service provides tax incentives for this type of company. They may also be created when a larger railroad abandons an unprofitable line, and a short-line railroad takes over operations to connect shippers to the larger company.

</doc>
<doc id="19146262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146262" title="Antonio Zabálburu">
Antonio Zabálburu

Antonio Zabálburu (born July 19, 1973, in Bilbao) is a Spanish actor. He is currently part of the cast in Hospital Central.

</doc>
<doc id="19146264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146264" title="Solo Icon">
Solo Icon

Solo Icon, formerly Solo Idol, is a Solomon Islands yearly singing competition, established in 2006 but not part of the Idol franchise. McPherson Baea won the inaugural competition, and Fay Indu was the winner of Solo Idol in 2007. David Auna won Solo Idol 2008, and Jeddy Dyer was the winner in 2009; Solo Icon 2010 was won by Joshua Bshaller Pa'ahanua.
The competition was named "Solo Idol" from 2006 to 2008, but changed its name to "Solo Icon" in 2009.
2008 Idol.
The 2008 Solo Idol competition was jointly organised by the Ministry of Women, Youth and Children's Affairs, and the Global Leadership Youth Nexus (GLYN). The theme was “I am a Nation Builder”.
2004 Australian Idol finalist Hayley Jensen participated, "conducting a workshop with the finalists" according to a representative of the organising committee. Jensen's participation was assisted by the Australian High Commission in Honiara, with the aim of "fosterrelationships between Australian and Solomon Islands’ artists".
The final was held on 7 September. David Auna won with the song "Angels brought me here", by Guy Sebastian. There was subsequently some criticism due to his brother being one of the four judges. Becky Maetia was runner-up, while Philip Carlos was second runner-up.
A junior competition was also held, which Rachael Sarei won with the song "Power of Love" by Celine Dion. Runners-up were Richy Saeni and Betsy Luitolo.
2009 Icon.
The 2009 edition received support from Australia, which provided a cheque for SI$30,000. The Australian High Commission in Honiara also arranged for Kelvin Fahey, President of Hardrush Music, to "work with finalists on song writing and marketing". Fahey would also provide the competition's winner with a recording contract, for a CD to be distributed in the Solomon Islands and in Australia. The "Solomon Times" described this as "a huge opportunity to put Solomon Islands music on a world stage".
The winner was Jeddy Dyer, performing his self-composed song "Say No". The following year, he travelled to Australia to record his début album at Woodhead Studios.
2010 Icon.
In the senior category, the following qualified for the semi-finals: Rexford Haro, Kevin Kahui, Josh Bshaller, Robert Ne’e, Shelton Pio, Dinah Sinah, Willy Salu, Daniel Joel and Spain Onorio. In the junior category, the qualifiers for the semi-final were Iyvon Sitobata, Kenny James, Luke Allen, Manddy Maggie and Angellar Raha.
Joshua Bshaller won the competition, and a flight to Australia to "record his first album with Australian music producer Kelvin Fahey of Hardrush Music".

</doc>
<doc id="19146270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146270" title="Mississippi Highway 39">
Mississippi Highway 39

Mississippi Highway 39 is a south to north highway that is long, between Meridian, MS and Shuqualak, MS. The highway is four-laned from its beginning until it passes nearby NAS Meridian. It is cosigned with Mississippi Highway 145 for less than a 1/4 mile in Meridian. The highway passes through Daleville, MS and De Kalb, MS. It also passes the Sam Dale Monument. The highway also passes near the alternate NAS Meridian airstrip at Shuqualak. It is cosigned with Mississippi Highway 21 as it enters the corporate limits of Shuqualak, MS. Highway 39 spans over Lauderdale, Kemper, and Noxubee counties. Mississippi Highway 39 began at US 45 when it routed through downtown Meridian (present-day Mississippi Highway 145) until US 45 was rerouted around Meridian. So its beginning and ending were at the same highway, and it made for an alternate route between Meridian and Shuqualak, as it still does today.
Major Junctions.
From North to South

</doc>
<doc id="19146281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146281" title="Bowling for Soup discography">
Bowling for Soup discography

The discography of Bowling for Soup, an American pop-punk band based in Wichita Falls, Texas, consists of eleven studio albums, one live album/live DVD, four compilation albums, three extended plays, eighteen singles, and eighteen music videos.
"A Hangover You Don't Deserve" was the most successful album for the band, earning a gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America. They have sold over a million albums over the course of their career.

</doc>
<doc id="19146290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146290" title="Miloš Nikolić">
Miloš Nikolić

Miloš Nikolić (, born February 21, 1989) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with FK Radnički Svilajnac in Serbian League East.
Born in Svilajnac, SR Serbia, after playing with FK Partizan youth team, he has started his senior career playing with Partizan´s satellite club FK Teleoptik, before moving in summer 2008 to Serbian SuperLiga side FK Jagodina. In summer 2009 he was loaned to FK Dinamo Vranje playing in the Serbian First League, and in winter he was moving to another First League club, FK Srem. In summer 2010 he returned to the top league by joining recently promoted FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac, and during the following summer he has returned to his home town to play with FK Radnički Svilajnac in the Serbian League West. In summer 2012 he joined SuperLiga side FK Smederevo.

</doc>
<doc id="19146292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146292" title="Grandmesnil (actor)">
Grandmesnil (actor)

Jean-Baptiste Fauchard (19 March 1737, Paris - 24 May 1816, Paris), stage name Grandmesnil or Grand-Ménil), was a French actor and playwright.
Life.
At first a lawyer in the parliament of Paris, then a counsellor in the Admiralty, he spoke out against the Parlement Maupeou and left France in 1771. Taking refuge in Brussels, he gave himself over the theatrical interests he had always had and appeared in several servant roles. Returning to France some years later, he acted in Marseille and then in Bordeaux, where he played financiers and "rôles à manteau".
On 31 August 1790, he made his début at the Comédie-Française (becoming a societaire of it in 1792), from which he retired on 21 March 1811. Grandmesnil was noted as one of the best interpreters of Molière and particularly excelled in the rôles of Arnolphe and Harpagon. The distinction of his manners and the constant regularity of his lifestyle were highly valued and in 1796 he was summoned to the Académie des Beaux-Arts de l'Institut de France on its formation, in the Literature and Fine Arts classe.
Works.
Grandmesnil wrote two plays, although they may have never been performed in his lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="19146301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146301" title="Homestead General Aviation Airport">
Homestead General Aviation Airport

Homestead General Aviation Airport is a county-owned public-use airport in unincorporated Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States, located four nautical miles (7 km) northwest of the central business district of Homestead.
Facilities and aircraft.
Homestead General Aviation Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 7 feet (2 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 18/36 is 3,999 by 100 feet (1,219 x 30 m) and 10/28 is 2,997 by 75 feet (913 x 23 m). It also has one turf runway: 9U/27U is 2,500 by 150 feet (762 x 46 m).
For the 12-month period ending June 18, 2002, the airport had 72,084 aircraft operations, an average of 197 per day: 94% general aviation, 4% air taxi and 2% military. At that time there were 64 aircraft based at this airport: 66% single-engine, 13% multi-engine, 19% ultralight and 3% helicopter.
References.
Updated to 08/22/2013 update

</doc>
<doc id="19146307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146307" title="Eugene S. Kraay">
Eugene S. Kraay

Eugene ("Geno") S. Kraay (born September 1949 in Great Barrington, Massachusetts) is a former American soccer player, fighter pilot and author.
Kraay attended the United States Air Force Academy where he was a 1969 Second Team All American soccer player. He graduated in 1971 and later became an Convair F-106 Delta Dart pilot. He wrote the historical novel, "The Olympian: A Tale of Ancient Helles" (2008), set in ancient Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19146328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146328" title="William Fotheringham">
William Fotheringham

William Fotheringham (born 1964 or 1965) is a sports writer specialising in cycling and rugby. As a newspaper journalist he writes for "The Guardian". Fotheringham was a features editor for "Cycling Weekly", and the first editor of "Cycle Sport" and "Procycling" magazine. He is a current writer for "Rouleur Magazine".
A graduate of Cambridge University with a degree in French, Russian and Italian, Fotheringham won the IPC Media Specialist Writer of the Year award in 1993 and 1998.
He was also a racing cyclist for nearly 30 years. He is described by Rapha as being "one of the finest writers in the ‘Pro Tour’ pressroom".

</doc>
<doc id="19146344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146344" title="Saša Đorđević (footballer)">
Saša Đorđević (footballer)

Saša Đorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Caшa Ђopђeвић ; born August 4, 1981 in Kraljevo) is a Serbian football player who's last known club was FC Bunyodkor in Uzbek League.
He previously played for FK Bane, FK Rad Belgrade in his domenstic league and Bosnia and Herzegovina side FK Željezničar Sarajevo.

</doc>
<doc id="19146352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146352" title="Intonarumori (band)">
Intonarumori (band)

Intonarumori is the alias of the Seattle-based composer Kevin Goldsmith. Goldsmith started composing experimental electronic works under the name "The Unit Circle" while living in Chicago in 1986. After moving to Seattle in 1994, he adopted the new pseudonym, Intonarumori as a tribute to the Futurist arts movement as well as a reference to the Intonarumori machines created by Luigi Russolo.

</doc>
<doc id="19146397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146397" title="Adroitness (personality trait)">
Adroitness (personality trait)

Social adroitness is a personality trait measured in the Jackson Personality Inventory and the Jackson Personality Inventory-Revised. Adroitness is not explicitly measured by these tests, but rather the characteristics are measured through different scales.
Adroitness assesses the ability to regulate your own behavior in order to get what you want from others. It differs from psychopathy in that the adroitness is not intrinsically narcissistic or manipulative, but refers rather to the set of social skills that allow one to work with others productively. In that sense it is closeley related to conceptions of emotional intelligence.
Tools of adroit behavior include flattery, indirection, listening, circumspection, reciprocal altruism, politeness and strategic reasoning.
Jackson Personality Inventory-Revised.
The Jackson Personality Inventory-Revised (JPI-R) is widely considered to be one of the most psychometrically sound measures of personality. In one convenient form, the JPI-R provides a measure of personality that reflects a variety of social, cognitive, and value orientations, which affect an individual's functioning.
JPI-R Scales and Test Construction.
The JPI-R was originally based on Murray's theory of needs.
What is Adroitness?
Adroitness is defined by its characteristics and behaviors. Example behaviors include:
In general, people exhibiting this trait understand how to get the most out of people, often through indirect means.
Measuring Adroitness.
As stated above, the adroitness trait is indirectly measured by the second and third clusters on the Jackson Personality Inventory-Revised, or JPI-R. The second cluster is the extroverted cluster, which contains the sociability, social confidence, and energy level scales. The third cluster is the emotional cluster, which contains the empathy, anxiety, and cooperativeness scales. Specifically, the sociability, empathy, and cooperativeness scales of the JPI-R measure adroitness.
The Five Factor Model, or FFM, measures adroitness through the extroversion and agreeableness clusters.
Comparisons to Other Traits.
Adroitness is often compared to both psychopathy and Machiavellianism, as all three can be measured by similar scales on personality inventories.
Psychopathy.
Psychopathy is a series of behaviors that loosely correspond with the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" diagnosis of Antisocial Personality Disorder, or ASPD. Psychopathy is made up of two parts, aggressive narcissism and a parasitic lifestyle, while ASPD only accounts for the narcissistic personality. 
Psychopathy is similar to adroitness in that the manipulation of others is an important factor. Psychopathy is considered a negative trait, while adroitness is considered a neutral trait. The difference lies in the intent of the manipulation. Psychopaths manipulate others for their own benefit or amusement, or to harm another person. People exhibiting the adroitness trait manipulate others in order to help other people and almost never intend to harm anyone.
Machiavellianism.
Machiavellianism resembles psychopathy in the intent of the manipulation. It does not include the impulsive and dangerous behaviors associated with psychopathy. Machiavellianism is often found in the realm of political theory.
Personality Inventories.
As previously stated, adroitness is not clearly measured as a specific personality trait, but is instead measured by different scales and clusters.
Most personality inventories have some measure of honesty built in. Traits like psychopathy and Machiavellianism are usually measured as negative honesty traits. While adroitness is considered a positive trait compared to these two, the inherent manipulation makes it almost impossible to accurately place it on an honesty scale, which may account for why it is not more specifically measured on personality inventories.
Cognition and Adroitness.
Because many of the behaviors associated with adroitness are similar to some of the behaviors associated with psychopathy, experiments that delve into the mind of the psychopath can shed light onto some of the brain function involved with the adroitness trait. In 2008, fMRI testing showed that psychopaths are impaired in basic emotional and cognitive functions. Because these functions are controlled by the prefrontal cortex and the temporal lobes of the brain, there must be some problem in these areas. Due to the aforementioned similarities, it follows that people expressing the adroitness trait may also have some kind of problem or damage in these parts of the brain. 
The cognitive functions of psychopaths and controls in this study were tested through the use of the Simon paradigm. This test measures reaction time based on stimulus and response locations. In the Müller et al. study, the stimuli were an X and an O, both of which appeared at different locations on a screen. The participant was required to respond by tapping the right side of a separate screen with their middle finger for X and on the left side with their index finger for O. In the control group, as the task became more difficult, negative emotion interfered with cognition. Essentially, as people became angrier, it became more difficult to accurately complete the task. However, as the psychopaths became angrier, their performance did not change, suggesting that there is a disconnect between the emotional process and cognitive abilities in the psychopathic brain.
If psychopaths have trouble connecting emotion to the thinking process, the perhaps those with the adroitness trait do as well. Certainly the ability to manipulate others requires a substantial amount of effort, regardless of emotion. The resource allocation model suggests that negative emotions worsen cognitive performance on difficult tasks because they drain resources that are required for cognitive processes. Manipulation and persuasion are cognitive processes that require a lot of effort due to the number of things that require focus. The art of manipulation requires some element of dishonesty as well as a significant knowledge of both the target as well as the purpose of manipulation, or the ability to fabricate important details. These elements are also required for persuasion. It follows that these processes must require a significant amount of effort, and therefore emotions, especially negative ones, would take resources away from those processes. 
Manipulation and persuasion can also be very stressful tasks. Stress is known to cause negative emotions, which are shown to interfere in complex cognitive processes. Therefore, people who express the adroitness trait may suffer from similar damage to the prefrontal cortex and/or temporal lobe as psychopaths.

</doc>
<doc id="19146426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146426" title="Grandmesnil">
Grandmesnil

Grandmesnil or Grandménil may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19146466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146466" title="Abby Rakic-Platt">
Abby Rakic-Platt

Abby Rakic-Platt (born 3 May 1993) is a British actress best known for her performances in the television series "The Story of Tracy Beaker"on the children's channel CBBC (The Children British Broadcasting Corporation) as Jackie Hopper. She appeared on a 2010 Sainsbury's Christmas advert.
Personal life.
She attended Highams Park School and Grey Coat Hospital secondary school, both in London, England, and has four younger siblings, Maddie, Jaime and Eloise Rakic-Platt who are also actresses.

</doc>
<doc id="19146472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146472" title="Yi Fan">
Yi Fan

Yi fan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19146501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146501" title="Aristotle Contemplating a Bust of Homer">
Aristotle Contemplating a Bust of Homer

Aristotle Contemplating a Bust of Homer is an oil-on-canvas painting by Rembrandt van Rijn. It was painted in 1653, as a commission from Don Antonio Ruffo, from Messina in Sicily, who did not request a particular subject.
Aristotle, world-weary, looks at the bust of blind, humble Homer, on which he rests one of his hands. This has variously been interpreted as the man of sound, methodical science deferring to Art, or as the wealthy and famous philosopher, wearing the jeweled belt given to him by Alexander the Great, envying the life of the poor blind bard. It has also been suggested that this is Rembrandt's commentary on the power of portraiture.
The interpretation of methodical science deferring to art is discussed at length in in which Held notes that Aristotle's right hand, traditionally the favored hand, is on the bust of Homer, is higher, and painted lighter than the left hand on the gold chain given to him by Alexander.
The exact subject being portrayed in this portrait has been challenged in the book by Simon Schama titled "Rembrandt's Eyes", applying the scholarship of Paul Crenshaw. Schama presents a substantial argument that it was the famous ancient Greek painter Apelles who is depicted in contemplation by Rembrandt and not Aristotle.
It was purchased in 1961 for $2.3 million by the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, USA. At the time this was the highest amount ever paid for any picture at public or private sale. During the renovation of the Rembrandt wing of the Metropolitan Museum, the painting was retitled in November 2013 as "Aristotle with a Bust of Homer."
The painting forms the central theme of Joseph Heller's 1988 novel "Picture This".

</doc>
<doc id="19146511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146511" title="Pinyin language">
Pinyin language

Pinyin is a Grassfields language spoken by some 27,000 people in the Northwest Region of Cameroon.
Phonology.
Sequences are:
All noun and verb roots begin with a consonant; initial vowels are necessarily prefixes. Only occur in prefixes or at the beginning of words, and only occurs in suffixes. do not occur at the ends of words.
All known long vowels may occur medially or at ends of words, none at the beginning, though long are not attested. Long vowels are written double: "aa, əə, ii, ‿ɨɨ, oo, uu". Diphthongs "ie, iə, ʉə, ɨə, uə" take a single tone.
Tones are high, mid, low, rising, falling. They are written as in IPA, apart from low, which is not written: "á ā a ǎ â." Falling tone is largely confined to suffixes, and rising tone is rare, found only on a few nouns such as "tǎ" 'father'.

</doc>
<doc id="19146521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146521" title="Sonny Muslim">
Sonny Muslim

Sonny Muslim (born 1989) is a British actor best known for his performances in "EastEnders" and "The Story of Tracy Beaker", where he played the character of Ryan.
Muslim's career began back in 1998 into 1999 when he appeared in "The Bill" and "Casualty" respectively. Both of which he has reappeared in again as different characters. However, his acting career didn't take off until 2002 when he landed the role of Ryan in "The Story of Tracy Beaker", which led to roles in other BBC shows such as "The Queen's Nose" and "EastEnders". That same year, he was the joint face of Dairylea Double Dunkers, playing one half of The Dunker Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="19146545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146545" title="Crested Moa">
Crested Moa

The Crested Moa, "Pachyornis australis", is a species of Moa from the family Dinornithidae. It is one of the 11 known species of Moa to have existed. Moa are grouped together with emus, ostriches, kiwis, cassowaries, rheas, and tinamous in the clade Palaeognathae. Some of the species of this group are flightless and lacks a keel on their sternum. The name Crested Moa is due to pits being found in their skulls, suggesting they had crests. These cranial pits are also found occasionally in "Dinornis", "Anomalopteryx", and other "Pachyornis" species.
Description.
The Crested Moa weighed around . The crested moa was smaller than the Heavy-footed Moa ("Pachyornis elephantopus") and their bones are sometimes mistaken for those of "P. elephantopus" due to their similar structure.
Distribution and habitat.
The Crested Moa was endemic to the South Island of New Zealand, where it occupied the high altitude sub-alpine forests in the North West. It was the ecological equivalent of the Heavy-footed Moa in the subalpine zone. While their remains have occasionally been found together,the heavy-footed moa generally preferred warmer and dryer lowland areas.
Ecology and diet.
As with all Moa species, the Crested Moa filled the role of large herbivores in New Zealand, where there are no native terrestrial mammals. The only real threat of predation came from the Haast's Eagle ("Harpagornis moorei").
Extinction.
Until recently it was thought that the Crested Moa became extinct at the Pleistocene-Holocene transition roughly 10,000 years ago (10,000 years BP) during a period of significant climatic upheaveal. In 2012 however radiocarbon dating of Crested Moa remains from Bulmer Cavern showed that the specimen died between 1396 and 1442 AD, over 100 years after humans first settled on the Island. During the climatic changes before the settlers arrived, the Crested Moa followed the changes in elevation of their sub-alpine habitats with little change in their population size. Their extinction (along with all of the other species of Moa) relatively soon after the arrival of humans suggests that overhunting and habitat destruction were responsible. It is thought that the last of the Crested Moa survived in habitats that were less easily accessed by humans.

</doc>
<doc id="19146548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146548" title="Heavy-footed Moa">
Heavy-footed Moa

The Heavy-footed Moa ("Pachyornis elephantopus") is a species of Moa from the Family Dinornithidae. This moa was widespread on the South Island only, and its habitat was the lowlands (shrublands, dunelands, grasslands, and forests). It was a ratite and a member of the Struthioniformes Order. The Struthioniformes are flightless birds with a sternum without a keel. They also have a distinctive palate. The origin of these birds is becoming clearer as it is now believed that early ancestors of these birds were able to fly and flew to the southern areas in which they have been found.
The Heavy-Footed Moa was about tall, and weighed as much as .
Discovery.
The Heavy-Footed Moa was discovered by W.B.D. Mantell at Awamoa, near Oamaru, and the bones were taken by him to England. Bones from multiple birds were used to make a full skeleton, which was then put in the British Museum. The name "Dinornis elephantopus" was given by Richard Owen.
Distribution and habitat.
The heavy footed Moa was found only on the Southern Island of New Zealand.
Their range covered much of the eastern side of the island, with a northern and southern variant of the species.
They were a primarily lowland species, preferring dry and open habitats such as grasslands, shrublands and dry forests. They were absent from sub-alpine and mountain habitats, where they were replaced by the Crested Moa ("Pachyornis australis").
During the Pleistocene-Holocene warming event, the retreat of glacial ice meant that the Heavy footed Moa’s preferred habitat area increased, allowing their distribution across the island to increase as well.
Ecology and diet.
Due to its relative isolation before the Polynesian settlers arrived, New Zealand has a unique plant and animal community and had no native terrestrial mammals. Moa filled the ecological niche of large herbivores, filled by mammals elsewhere, until the arrival of the Polynesian settlers and the associated mammalian invasion in the 13th Century. The heavy-footed Moa is thought to have been less abundant than other Moa species due to its less frequent representation in the fossil record.
Until recently it was unknown exactly what the diet of the heavy-footed Moa consisted of. The fact that it had different head and beak shapes to its contemporaries suggested that it had a different diet, possibly of tougher vegetation as suggested by its preferred dry and shrubby habitat. Specialising in different foods would have also allowed it to avoid competition with other Moa species which may have shared part of its range (niche separation). In 2007 Jamie Wood described the gizzard contents of a Heavy-footed Moa for the first time. They found 21 plant taxa which included "Hebe" leaves, various seeds and mosses as well as a large amount of twigs and wood, some of which were of a considerable size. This supports the earlier idea that the Heavy-footed Moa was adapted to consume tough vegetation, but it also shows that it had a varied diet and could eat most plant products, including wood.
The Heavy-footed Moa’s only real predator (before the arrival of humans and non-native placental mammals) was the Haast's Eagle, however recent evidence from coprolites has shown that they also hosted several groups of host-specific parasites, including nematode worms.

</doc>
<doc id="19146553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146553" title="North Island Giant Moa">
North Island Giant Moa

The North Island Giant Moa ("Dinornis novaezelandiae") is one of three extinct moa in the genus Dinornis.
Taxonomy.
It is a ratite and a member of the Struthioniformes Order. The Struthioniformes are flightless birds with a sternum without a keel. They also have a distinctive palate. The origin of these birds is becoming clearer as it is now believed that early ancestors of these birds were able to fly and flew to the southern areas where they have been found.
Habitat.
This particular moa lived on both the North Island and the South Island of New Zealand, and lived in the lowlands (shrublands, grasslands, dunelands, and forests).

</doc>
<doc id="19146556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146556" title="South Island Giant Moa">
South Island Giant Moa

The South Island Giant Moa, "Dinornis robustus" is a member of the Moa family. It was a ratite and a member of the Struthioniformes Order. The Struthioniformes are flightless birds with a sternum without a keel. They also have a distinctive palate. The origin of these birds is becoming clearer as it is now believed that early ancestors of these birds were able to fly and flew to the southern areas that they have been found in.
South Island giant moa was the biggest of them all. Adult females stood up to 2 metres high at the back, and could reach foliage up to 3.6 metres off the ground, making them the tallest bird species known.
It lived on the South Island of New Zealand, and its habitat was the lowlands (shrubland, duneland, grassland, and forests).
References.
Szabo, M.J. 2013. South Island giant moa. In Miskelly, C.M. (ed.) New Zealand Birds Online. www.nzbirdsonline.org.nz

</doc>
<doc id="19146562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146562" title="Greek Operation of NKVD">
Greek Operation of NKVD

The Greek Operation (, translit. Grecheskaya Operatsiya; ) was an organised mass persecution of the 450,000 Greeks of the Soviet Union that was ordered by Joseph Stalin. Greeks often use the term "pogrom" for this persecution, though this term usually refers to mob violence rather than persecution by police acting under direct orders, as this one was. It began in December 1937 and went on for 13 years.
History.
Under Stalinism, the USSR considered some nations to be "progressive" and some others to be "reactionary". Reactionary nations included the Greeks, the Koreans, the Volga Germans, the Crimean Tatars, the Chechens, Eskimos in the Chukchi Peninsula facing Alaska, USA, and others. Stalin considered that everyone who was born of a "capitalist" ethnicity was an enemy of his regime, no matter their personal political beliefs. Many of the Greeks who came to Russia, particularly to the Black Sea region, had been involved in trading - by definition a "bourgeois" way of life. Moreover, Greeks may have incurred Stalin's suspicion due to their cultural, religious and linguistic links with Greece, a nation state outside his control - though by no means all Soviet Greeks felt an identification with Greece or sought to serve its interests. 
The late 1930s was the time of the Moscow Show Trials and of mass purges of people perceived as a threat by Stalin, targeting also many people of Russian ethnic origin, as well as many foreign Communists resident in the Soviet Union. The persecution of Soviet Greeks should be seen in this general context. 
The prosecution of Greeks in USSR was gradual: at first the authorities shut down the Greek schools, cultural centres, and publishing houses. Then, the secret police indiscriminately arrested all Greek men 16 years old or older. All Greeks who were wealthy or self-employed professionals were sought for prosecution first.
On many occasions, the central authorities sent telegrams to police forces with orders to arrest a certain number of Greeks, without giving any individual names, and the police officers were expected to arrest at random any person of Greek origin until they reached the requested total number of arrests, until the process was repeated at a later date. In all, some 50,000 Greeks were affected, more than 10% of the entire community.
Survivors.
Pavlos Kerdemelidis from Pontus was a survivor of the 1922 events at Smyrna who went to live in Crimea and arrested there in 1937 during Stalin's "Greek Operation". He spent 13 years imprisoned in Siberia, but he survived, making him one of the few survivors of the 50,000 Greeks who were affected by the "Greek Operation".

</doc>
<doc id="19146582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146582" title="1982 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Singles">
1982 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Singles

Guillermo Vilas defeated Alejandro Ganzábal 6-2, 6-4 to win the 1982 Buenos Aires Grand Prix tennis singles competition. Ivan Lendl was the champion but did not defend his title.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19146584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146584" title="Claudia Mo">
Claudia Mo

Claudia Bowring (born Mo Man-ching on 18 January 1957), known professionally as Claudia Mo, is a Hong Kong journalist and politician. She is a member of Hong Kong Legislative Council, representing the Kowloon West geographical constituency.
She is a founding member of the Civic Party, which she represented, unsuccessfully, in the Kowloon West geographical constituency in the 2008 Legislative Council election. But in 2012, she won one of this constituency's five available seats.
Mo is a former journalist, having worked at Agence France-Presse, "The Standard" and TVB. She also hosted a number of RTHK TV and radio programmes, including "Media Watch" and "City Forum".
Personal life and education.
Mo was born in Hong Kong and has family roots in Ningbo, Zhejiang. Mo is married to journalist Philip Bowring and they have two sons. She is also known as Claudia Bowring.
She graduated from Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada with a Bachelor degree in journalism with English studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19146592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146592" title="Sailing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's Lechner A-390">
Sailing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's Lechner A-390

The Women's Sailboard (Lechner A-390) Competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics was held from July 27 to August 4, 1992 in Barcelona, Spain. Points were awarded for placement in each race. Best nine out of ten scores did count for the final placement.

</doc>
<doc id="19146617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146617" title="Tropical Storm Josephine (2008)">
Tropical Storm Josephine (2008)

Tropical Storm Josephine was the tenth tropical storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. Josephine developed out of a strong tropical wave which moved off the African coast on August 31. The wave quickly became organized and was declared Tropical Depression Ten while located 170 mi (270 km) to the south-southeast of the Cape Verde Islands on September 2. The depression was quickly upgraded to Tropical Storm Josephine around noon the same day. Over the next several days, Josephine moved in a general west-northwest direction and reached its peak intensity early on September 3. Strong wind shear, some due to the outflow of Hurricane Ike, and dry air caused the storm to weaken. On September 6, the combination of wind shear, dry air, and cooling waters caused Josephine to weaken into a tropical depression. Josephine deteriorated into a remnant low shortly after as convection continued to dissipate around the storm. The low ultimately dissipated while located 520 mi (835 km) east of Guadeloupe on September 10. However, the remnant moisture led to minor flooding on the island of St. Croix.
__TOC__
Meteorological history.
Tropical Storm Josephine formed as a tropical wave that emerged off the west coast of Africa near the end of August 2008. It tracked south of Cape Verde and slowly developed, and on September 2 the disturbance became Tropical Depression Ten while located south-southeast of the Cape Verde islands. As the depression became more organized, an eye-like feature developed in the upper levels of the system. The depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Josephine six hours after forming. Josephine was located in an area which was supportive for rapid intensification but was not forecast to intensify quickly.
Josephine continued to intensify throughout the afternoon as the storm became more symmetrical. However, due to the location of the storm, there was a lack of accurate wind speed readings, and the National Hurricane Center was uncertain of its actual intensity. Despite the lack of wind shear around the storm, the center became slightly exposed and ceased further intensification. The storm was also heading into an area where shear was forecasted to significantly increase due to an upper-level trough diving southward. Despite convection being partially removed from the center of Josephine, the storm intensified slightly in the early morning hours on September 3 as thunderstorm activity to the south of the center became more organized. The intensification was forecast to be short in duration as the trough to the north was deepening, causing the wind shear to the west to become stronger.
Josephine reached its peak intensity of 65 mph (100 km/h) around 8 a.m. (EDT) as it continued to become more organized. However, there were indications that it had already begun to weaken. Outflow towards the north was becoming restricted and arc clouds began emanating from the storm, a sign that dry air was entering the system. During the afternoon hours, the structure of Josephine began to rapidly deteriorate as strong wind shear and dry air took their toll. By the late night, the center was almost completely exposed and only a band of convection persisted near the center.
Despite continuing effects from the strong wind shear, a large, deep burst of convection formed in the northern semicircle of Josephine. The center was found to have shifted towards the new convection leading to an increase in intensity. The forecast showed a slight decrease in wind shear as Josephine continued westward and no change in intensity over the 5-day forecast was predicted. However, the convection decreased once more and the low became completely exposed by the late morning hours and Josephine weakened again. By the afternoon, the center of Josephine was only a swirl of clouds, devoid of convection. During the overnight hours on September 4 into the morning of September 5, convection associated with Josephine began to redevelop somewhat, mostly to the north of the circulation, due to the strong southerly wind shear. By mid-morning, Josephine re-intensified slightly due to the redevelopment of some convection. However, the redevelopment was short lived and wind shear again took its toll on Josephine by late morning. The convection around the system became dislocated from the center and Josephine weakened slightly.
The weakening trend continued through the afternoon as the storm was being affected by strong southerly shear. Josephine became almost fully devoid of any convection by mid-afternoon and the storm weakened to 40 mph (65 km/h), barely holding on to tropical storm status. Josephine regained a small amount of convection in the late night hours, but not enough to still be classified a tropical storm. Due to the lack of convection, Josephine was downgraded to a Tropical Depression at 11p.m. (EDT) with winds of 35 mph (55 km/h). Since there was no convection around the system, it would have normally been classified a remnant low but, due to the possibility of the storm regenerating over the next several days, it was considered a tropical depression. The next morning, Josephine was downgraded to a remnant low as strong wind shear and dry air caused the demise of the storm. No redevelopment was expected with Josephine as it began to move over colder waters and remain under strong wind shear until it dissipated.
However, the remnant low associated with Josephine began to show signs of redevelopment during the afternoon on September 7. Convection around the system increased significantly and the low was no longer exposed. On September 8, wind shear took over the system again. Convection around the remnant low was torn away and the low was exposed once more. The National Hurricane Center did not state the chance of regeneration once the low became exposed. Finally, on September 9, wind shear and dry air led to the remnants of Josephine deteriorating into an open wave. However, on September 10, the remnants of Josephine redeveloped and global models picked up on the reformed system. Once more, the chance of regeneration was possible as the remnants of Josephine headed towards the Bahamas. However, on September 14, dry air and wind shear caused the remnants to dissipate entirely.
Impact.
As Josephine passed to the south of the Cape Verde islands on September 2, outer rain bands produced minor rainfall, totaling around 0.55 inches (14 mm). There were no reports of damage or flooding from the rain and overall effects were minor.
Several days after the low dissipated, the remnant moisture from Josephine brought showers and thunderstorms to St. Croix where up to 1 in (25.4 mm) of rain fell. The heavy rains led to minor street flooding and some urban flooding. No known damage was caused by the flood.

</doc>
<doc id="19146618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146618" title="Anthony Costly">
Anthony Costly

Allan Anthony Costly Blyden (born 13 December 1954) is a retired Honduran footballer who played at both professional and international levels, as a defender.
Career.
Born in Tela, Costly played club football in Honduras for local side Tela Timsa and the majority of his career for Real España. He also had a spell in Spain with CD Málaga.
International career.
Nicknamed "Cochero" (The coachman), Costly played at the 1977 FIFA World Youth Championship, and represented his country in 18 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 1982 FIFA World Cup. He earned a total of 41 caps, scoring 2 goals.
Personal life.
His son is current Honduran international striker Carlo Costly.

</doc>
<doc id="19146626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146626" title="Off Pedder">
Off Pedder

Off Pedder (Traditional Chinese: 畢打自己人) is a TVB modern drama series broadcast since October 2008 and ended on 12 February 2010.
The sitcom is about office politics in a magazine company, as well as family and romantic relationships amongst the characters, with the majority of the cast from "Best Selling Secrets".
Synopsis.
"Chao (潮) Magazine" is part of the Gambo Corporation, and has its offices on Pedder Street in Hong Kong (thus giving rise to the name of the series). The show centres on the politics of the "Chao (潮)" and Gambo office, and the lives of the characters who work in this office.
Central to the plot are Yan Seung (Teresa Mo), who takes up a position early on in the series as editor of "Chao (潮)". The initial plot focused on her rivalry with the Head of Sales, Susan Ka So-Shan (Elaine Jin). As more characters were introduced, the plot expanded to focus on Yim Yue Tai (Stephen Au) and Yu Ka Sing (Wayne Lai). How will these four individuals affect Pedder Street and who will become the ultimate leader of "Chao (潮) Magazine"...?
Award nominations.
TVB Anniversary Awards (2009)<br>
Won:
Nominated:
14th Asian Television Awards (2009)
Nominated
Minpao Weekly Awards 2010
Nominated

</doc>
<doc id="19146629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146629" title="Mahamane Saley">
Mahamane Saley

Mahamane Saley is a Nigerien politician. He has been a member of the Pan-African Parliament for Niger since first being appointed in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19146641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146641" title="Seton Powerhouse">
Seton Powerhouse

The Seton Powerhouse is a hydroelectric generating station on the Fraser River just below the confluence of the Seton River at the town of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada. The powerhouse is fed by the Seton Canal, a 5 km diversion of the flow of the Seton River which begins at Seton Dam, just below the foot of Seton Lake to the west. The powerhouse is the last in sequence, and smallest, of the generating stations of the Bridge River Power Project, which diverts the flow of the Bridge River into Seton Lake. The powerhouse uses only 50 feet of head between Seton Lake and the Fraser to produce a maximum generating capacity of 42 MW and an average capacity of 330 GWh per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19146657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146657" title="Haibadâc River">
Haibadâc River

The Haibadâc River is a tributary of the Șesul Băgăului River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19146680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146680" title="Théâtre des Variétés-Amusantes">
Théâtre des Variétés-Amusantes

The Théâtre des Variétés-Amusantes was a theatre in Paris.
History.
In 1778, Louis Lécluse (or Lécluze), a former actor at the Opéra-Comique turned dentist, opened a theatre at foire Saint-Laurent, which shortly afterwards he transferred to the boulevard du Temple, at the corner of rue de Lancry and rue de Bondy (now rue René-Boulanger, Xe arrondissement). 
Unable to bear the hostility this new enterprise generated, Lécluse ceded his theatre and its company to three former dancers of the Opéra – Fierville fils, Malter and Hamoir – as well as the financier Lemercier. The theatre opened on 12 April 1779 and it attracted large audiences by its varied and well-performed repertoire. Dorvigny wrote several plays for it, including "Janot ou les Battus paient l'amende" (11 June 1779), which was a great success.
In 1784, the theatre's directors had their privilege revoked by a Conseil d'État decree, in favour of Gaillard and Dorfeuille, after a complaint from the Académie royale de Musique. The new directors moved the theatre to the Palais-Royal and opened their new building on 1 January 1785, under the name Variétés du Palais-Royal. Its fare until that date had been farces, which they replaced with comedies, welcoming Monvel and Julie Candeille, then Talma, Dugazon and Mme Vestris. From then on the theatre was renamed the "Théâtre-Français de la rue Richelieu", then the "Théâtre de la République".

</doc>
<doc id="19146682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146682" title="8th Tony Awards">
8th Tony Awards

The 8th Annual Tony Awards, presented by the American Theatre Wing, took place at the Plaza Hotel Grand Ballroom on March 29, 1954. It was broadcast on radio by the National Broadcasting Company. The Master of Ceremonies was James Sauter and the presenter was Helen Hayes.
Performers were Frances Greer, Lucy Monroe, Russell Nype, Joseph Scandur, and Jean Swetland. 
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Award winners.
Source:Infoplease

</doc>
<doc id="19146685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146685" title="Rose Vestris">
Rose Vestris

Françoise-Rose Gourgaud (7 April 1743, Marseille - 5 October 1804, Paris), stage name Rose Vestris, was a French actress. She was the daughter of Pierre-Antoine Gourgaud, stage name Dugazon. She married the ballet-dancer Angiolo Vestris (Florentine in origin and a younger brother of Gaétan Vestris).

</doc>
<doc id="19146701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146701" title="Helena Sophia Isberg">
Helena Sophia Isberg

Helena Sophia Isberg (1819 – 28 February 1875) was a Swedish wood-cut artist.
Helena Isberg was born at Säby in Tranås in Småland. She moved with her parents and brother to Motala in 1840. Her father was a cabinet maker. Isberg was tutored by her father to cabinet makery, lathing and carving, and was to become famous for her wood carving. In 1847, her work was exhibited in Stockholm, and made a success. She was asked to move to Stockholm, the professor Carl Gustaf Qvarnström (1810–1867) offered her a scholarhisp to study at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts, Queen Josephine offered her an allowance of 200$, but she declined every offer. A contemporary writer wrote about her: "She preferred to stay in the poor hut where she was born, and remained in the bosom of the poverty which had surrounded her cradle. " 
Her work was exhibited in London (1862), Paris (1865) and Vienna (1875), and was internationally admired, but she was happy where she was, and lived with her brother in a cottage in Motala her entire life despite her success. On one occasion, King Charles XV of Sweden, upon a visit in Motala, expressed a wish to see Isberg. She was sent for by message to her cottage, but Helena Isberg answered, that if the King wished to see her, then he would have to come to her. No meeting took place, but Charles also admired her and also purchased her work.

</doc>
<doc id="19146702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146702" title="Azerbaijan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Azerbaijan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Azerbaijan competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country's delegation consisted of eighteen competitors in four sports: seven judoka, seven track and field athletes, three powerlifters, and one shooter.
Before the games, President Ilham Aliyev announced cash prizes for Azerbaijanis who won a Paralympic medal. Gold medalists received 200,000 manat, silver medalists 100,000, and bronze medalists 50,000. The athletes' trainers also received a reward: 100,000, 50,000, and 25,000 manat for gold, silver, and bronze medals, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19146706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146706" title="Xinjiang University">
Xinjiang University

Xinjiang University (XJU) (, ) is one of the major universities in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, People’s Republic of China, and is a national key university. Established in 1924 and located in Urumqi, Xinjiang University is a comprehensive university with the highest academic level in Xinjiang, under Project 211.
Establishment and location.
In 1924,Xinjiang Russian and Law School was founded, which is known as the former school of Xinjiang University. In 1935, it was converted to Xinjiang College. Xinjiang University was named in 1960 and it is located in the southern part of Urumqi. Among its prominent leaders was Du Zhongyuan, who was, however, executed in 1943 on suspicion of being subversive. It is a national key comprehensive university with students from various ethnic groups and one of the two universities in Xinjiang entering the national “211 Project”. On December 30, 2000, the former Xinjiang University and Xinjiang Engineering Institute merged into a new Xinjiang University. In the past 78 years, the university has seen 65,000 students graduate.
Colleges.
Xinjiang University comprises fourteen schools, which has courses and branches of study ranging from science, engineering, law and economics to management, the arts and history. A new major Intellectual property was created in 2013. XJU has three campuses, the Main Campus, the North Campus and the South campus.
Faculty.
There are 3 Ph.D. programs, 46 Masters’ programs and 75 undergraduate majors. The university has research institutions in these 8 areas of study:

</doc>
<doc id="19146712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146712" title="Snow (EP)">
Snow (EP)

Snow is a 1993 EP by Cocteau Twins. It contains cover versions of the Christmas standards "Frosty the Snowman" and "Winter Wonderland". It is out of print and copies sell on eBay for high amounts.

</doc>
<doc id="19146747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146747" title="Heaven or Las Vegas (song)">
Heaven or Las Vegas (song)

Background.
"Heaven or Las Vegas" is a single by the Cocteau Twins. It was released by Capitol Records in October 1990. It was the second single to be released from the Heaven or Las Vegas album. Elements of the song were used in the track of the same title by The Weeknd on his mixtape "Thursday".
Release.
"This edition comes in a picture sleeve. There's also a stickered, die-cut-sleeve edition. The record has white labels with only a catalog number and side designation printed on each side. The side A cat# is SPRO-79415, and the side B cat# is SPRO-79427. The spine and back cover of the sleeve show both cat#s in one, written as SPRO-79415/79427. The cat# SPRO-79415 was reused in 1994 on a completely unrelated release.
Original version appears on the compact disc, cassette and album "Heaven or Las Vegas". 
Manufactured by Capitol Records, Inc. 
℗ & © 1990 4AD. Under exclusive license to Capitol Records, Inc. 
Printed in USA."
Track listing.
All tracks are written by Cocteau Twins
Barcode and Other Identifiers.
Matrix / Runout: SPRO-79415 | F-1 | SP | MASTERED BY CAPITOL | Wally
Matrix / Runout: SPRO-79427 | F-1 | SP | 1-1 | MASTERED BY CAPITOL | Wally

</doc>
<doc id="19146751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146751" title="Angiolo Vestris">
Angiolo Vestris

Angiolo Maria Gasparo Vestris (19 November 1730, Florence - 10 June 1809, Paris) was a Franco-Italian ballet dancer.
The younger brother of Gaétan Vestris, he studied dance with Louis Dupré and became a soloist of the Opéra de Paris in 1753. He then danced at Stuttgart under the direction of Noverre (also marrying Rose Gourgaud, daughter of the comic-actor Dugazon, in the town in 1766) before returning to Paris in 1767, where he was taken on as an actor at the Comédie-Italienne.

</doc>
<doc id="19146761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146761" title="Seton Canal">
Seton Canal

The Seton Canal is a diversion of the flow of the Seton River from Seton Dam, just below the flow of Seton Lake, to the Seton Powerhouse on the Fraser River at the town of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada. The canal bridges Cayoosh Creek 300m below its commencement and is about 3.5 km in length, ending just below a bridge used by the Texas Creek Road (aka the West Side Road), where the canal's waterflow is fed into tunnels which feed the Seton Powerhouse on the farther side of a small rocky hill. Most of the water carried by the canal is the volume of the diverted Bridge River, which is fed into Seton Lake via the Bridge River generating stations at Shalalth, 16 km to the west, which are supplied by diversion tunnels through Mission Ridge from Carpenter Lake, the reservoir created by Terzaghi Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19146762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146762" title="Nutrient agar">
Nutrient agar

Nutrient agar typically contains (mass/volume):
References.
2. Lapage S., Shelton J. and Mitchell T., 1970, Methods in Microbiology', Norris J. and Ribbons D., (Eds.), Vol. 3A, Academic
Press, London.
3. MacFaddin J. F., 2000, Biochemical Tests for Identification of Medical Bacteria, 3rd Ed., Lippincott, Williams and Wilkins,
Baltimore.
4. Downes F. P. and Ito K., (Ed.), 2001, Compendium of Methods for the Microbiological Examination of Foods, 4th Ed.,
American Public Health Association, Washington, D.C.
5. American Public Health Association, Standard Methods for the Examination of Dairy Products, 1978, 14th Ed., Washington
D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="19146770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146770" title="List of Ashden Award winners">
List of Ashden Award winners

The following is a list of the winners of the Ashden Awards, grouped by year. Full details of their work can be found in the database on the Ashden Awards website.

</doc>
<doc id="19146788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146788" title="Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-1 1000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The K-1 event is raced by single-man canoe sprint kayaks. Heat and semifinals took place on August 12.
Heats.
The 15 competitors first raced in two heats. The top four finishers in both heats moved directly to the final.
Final.
In the heats, Fredriksson was fourth with 50 meters left and sprinted to the win. Fredriksson's margin of victory is the largest in any Olympic kayak final that was not 10,000 meters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="19146789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146789" title="St. James Church, Louth">
St. James Church, Louth

St. James' Church, Louth is a parish church in the Church of England in Louth, Lincolnshire, England. It is notable for its tall spire.
History.
The church is a medieval building. At tall, it has the tallest spire of any Medieval parish church in England, and is second only to the 19th-century Roman Catholic Church of St. Walburge in Preston, Lancashire.
The chancel and nave were re-built between 1430 and 1440. Work began on the spire in 1501 and it was completed around 1515. The cost was £305-7s-4d (£305.37p), a large amount of money for the time. The spire was restored in 1844 by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham.
The church is mainly 15th century and is the third building on the site, replacing 11th and 13th century buildings.
Originally the church had five subsidiary chapels and altars and a three-story rood screen.
In October 1536, as a result of Henry VIII's ecclesiastical changes, people gathered in the church to start the Lincolnshire Rising, which was followed by the Pilgrimage of Grace. Neither succeeded and the church was stripped of its riches including the rood screen.
In 1937, it flew the highest flag in Lincolnshire to mark the coronation of George VI. Later that year, renovation work commenced on the spire, under the supervision of the architect, Mr. Goddard, who had previously worked on Lincoln Cathedral.
Dedication.
The dedication of the church is to James, son of Zebedee, who was of great importance in the Middle Ages as the focus of the pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela in Spain.
Bells.
There is a fine peal of 8 bells. They were recast in 1726 by Daniel Hedderly. In 1798 the great bell was cracked when it was rung to celebrate Nelson's victory on the Nile.They were re hung in 1957 and the treble and two were recast.
Organ.
The original Gray & Davison organ from 1857 was altered by Forster and Andrews in 1868/9. After a rebuilt in 1911 by Norman and Beard, it now has 37 stops and three manuals and pedals.
Visiting and tourism.
St James is nominated a "Cascade Church" within the Lincolnshire Church Tourism Network, an ecumenical scheme which promotes visits to and understanding of Lincolnshire's many churches. Like other Cascade churches it is stewarded on weekdays and there are guides available until 16:00. The western end of the church now has a tea shop, book shop and toilets, as well as information leading to other churches in the East Lindsey area.

</doc>
<doc id="19146805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146805" title="Jackie Simpson (linebacker)">
Jackie Simpson (linebacker)

Jack Maylon Simpson (August 20, 1936 – June 3, 1983) was an American collegiate and Professional Football linebacker He played at the University of Mississippi and professionally in the American Football League for the Denver Broncos and the Oakland Raiders. He was drafted in 1958 by the NFL Washington Redskins, but did not play. He signed as a free agent with the AFL's Broncos in 1961. He was the defensive coordinator of the Houston Oilers in 1972
Simpson began his pro career in Canada with the Montreal Alouettes, playing 42 games from 1958 to 1961. He was an all-star in 1958 and 1960, and was runner up for the CFL's Most Outstanding Lineman Award in 1958. Jackie also played briefly with the Calgary Stampeders in 1961, but left to finish the season with Denver. Following his AFL career with Denver and Oakland, Simpson went back to the CFL in 1965, and played with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, and completed the season with the Toronto Argonauts.
Jackie served as an AFL scout in 1966, and after the AFL-NFL merger, he was rehired by the San Diego Chargers to work in the personnel department. Sid Gillman found Simpson to be a valuable asset, and hired him as a linebacker coach in 1967. He remained in that position for 5 years, and then in 1972 was hired as the Houston Oilers defensive coordinator. Jackie left Houston to spend one year (1973) as linebacker coach with the St. Louis Cardinals. Simpson was rehired by the San Diego Chargers as defensive coordinator in 1974, and held that position for 7 years. The team was very successful, and made the playoffs in 1979 and 1980, including the January 1981 AFC championship game. Jackie Simpson coached for the Seattle Seahawks, serving as defensive coordinator during the 1981-82 seasons. He was beginning his final coaching job, again as defensive coordinator, with the Detroit Lions, when he suddenly died on June 2, 1983.
References.
32

</doc>
<doc id="19146814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146814" title="Thomas Horton">
Thomas Horton

Thomas Horton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19146842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146842" title="Tcheng Yu-hsiu">
Tcheng Yu-hsiu

Tcheng Yu-hsiu (, 1891-1959), also Madame Wei Tao-ming, was the first female lawyer and judge in Chinese history.
Biography.
She earned her doctoral degree in law at the Sorbonne in France and was the first Asian female to do so. She went on to practice law at the French extraterritorial courts in Shanghai. Tcheng was also one of the revolutionaries involved in the attempted assassination of military official and politician Yuan Shih-k'ai, commonly reviled in Chinese history for taking advantage of both the Ch'ing imperial court and the Republicans.
She advocated women having their own voices and choices in marriage, and wrote it into the Republic of China's law. She is cited as one of the influences which guided Phan Bội Châu's development of women's rights in Vietnam.
Although Tcheng did not have children, she mentored her nephew as her own son. Paifong Robert Cheng attended the Sorbonne and majored in political science as he continued the family tradition of community service for the common good of China. He held the diplomatic post of the Chinese Ambassador to Cuba from 1946-50. Cheng's son Ching ho Cheng is an American artist who's paintings are in several museum collections such as the Whitney Museum of American Art, Cleveland Museum of Art, and the Smithsonian. He is considered to be the first Chinese American artist to be identified in America.
Her autobiography, "My Revolutionary Years" (1944), published while her husband Wei Tao-ming was Ambassador to the United States, is revered as one of the best first hand accounts of modern Chinese history and has been translated into many languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19146846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146846" title="Marie-France Dufour">
Marie-France Dufour

Marie-France Dufour or Marie (8 August 1949, in Nancy – 18 October 1990) was a French singer. She made her hit "Sun" in 1971, but she is probably best known for representing Monaco in the Eurovision Song Contest 1973 in Luxembourg by song "Un train qui part". She was also featured in Les Misérables as Éponine. She died of leukemia at the age of 41 in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19146852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146852" title="Louis Dupré (dancer)">
Louis Dupré (dancer)

Louis Dupré (1697–1774) was a French ballet dancer, ballet master and ballet teacher.
Life.
Probably first dancing in child rôles under the name "petit Dupré", he made his official débuts at the Académie royale de musique in 1714 and became its ballet master in 1739. From 1725 to 1730, he regularly put on productions in London, Dresden and at the Polish court. Until 1743 he was one of the principal professors at the dance school of the Opéra de Paris, where his students included Marie-Anne de Camargo, Gaétan Vestris, Jean-Georges Noverre, Maximilien Gardel and Jean-Baptiste Hus.
Casanova was one of his devoted admirers. Technically accomplished, he was an emblematic figure of French "belle danse", and in his time he was called "le Grand Dupré" and "god of the dance".
Collège Louis le Grand.
He composed several ballets for the students of the Collège Louis le Grand:

</doc>
<doc id="19146859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146859" title="Erasmus Hendjala">
Erasmus Hendjala

Erasmus Hendjala (born 31 December 1947 in Omundudu, Ohangwena Region) is a Namibian politician. Hendjala represented the Hakahana constituency and later Tobias Hainyeko constituency in Katutura, Windhoek, Khomas Region as a member of the ruling South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) from 1993 until August 2008. In 2008, Hendjala was abruptly expelled via letter for "serious misconduct and violation of the SWAPO constitution". A month later, Hendjala joined the Rally for Democracy and Progress and announced he would contest the regional by-election in October 2008, which was forced by his expulsion from SWAPO. However, three opposition parties including Hendjala's RDP withdrew prior to the election, ensuring an easy SWAPO victory. His wife, a member of the SWAPO women's council, did not leave SWAPO with her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="19146864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146864" title="Triples (cereal)">
Triples (cereal)

Triples was a General Mills cereal in the 1990s that was similar to Rice Krispies. The name was derived from the three grains, corn, wheat, and rice, used in producing the product. There was a quite popular commercial in which the participants shook their heads three times to a strange sound (a "triple take"). Consumer surveys reported that it made the milk a perfect level of sweetness while only using 4g of sugar per serving.

</doc>
<doc id="19146901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146901" title="London Buses route K2">
London Buses route K2

London Buses route K2 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, United Kingdom. The service is currently contracted to London United.
History.
Route K2 is part of the K-prefix network of services run around Kingston upon Thames, introduced in 1987. At the time, route K2 ran only between Hook and Kingston. The section between Kingston and Tolworth Broadway was previously part of route 418 until 1978, route 211 between 1978 and January 1983 and route 216 between January 1983 and 1987.
The route remained in much the same format from its introduction until 2001, which saw a route change. At the time, route K4 was suffering from capacity problems from an extension, and when the K-prefix route came up for re-tender it was proposed that the K4 would be withdrawn, a replacement provided by extending route K2 at both ends. Part of the plan was dropped, because journey times would be extended and the larger buses used on route K2 wouldn't fit round the Mansfield Estate section of route K4, which used 8.8m buses (which wouldn't be able to cope with demand on route K2).
However, the proposal for route K2 to be extended to Kingston Hospital went ahead, replacing route K4 over that part of the route. Incidentally, route K4 was later extended to the hospital again after passenger demand.
There was an earlier K2 shopper service using Routemasters, but 1987 saw MCW Metroriders take to the streets of Kingston. Later, Dennis Darts were running on the service. The types of these varied, with no particular allocation, although Plaxton Pointer bodied examples mainly ran. Low floor vehicles were introduced following the new contract in 2001, with a batch of Plaxton Pointer 2 bodied Dennis Dart SLF single deckers were introduced.
Since its introduction, route K2 has been operated solely by London United and now by its direct successor, Transdev London.

</doc>
<doc id="19146913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146913" title="Seton Dam">
Seton Dam

Seton Dam is a dam on the Seton River, 350m below the outlet of Seton Lake 5 km west of the town of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada, and with the related Seton Canal is part of the lowest and last stage of the Bridge River Power Project. The dam, completed in the late 1950s, raised the height of Seton Lake only 10 feet in order to maximize the elevation differential between that lake and the Fraser River in order to extract the maximal potential output of power generation at the Seton Powerhouse, which is located on the Fraser just south of the confluence of the Seton River proper.

</doc>
<doc id="19146924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146924" title="74th Guards Rifle Division">
74th Guards Rifle Division

The 74th Guards Rifle Division' was an Guards infantry division of the Red Army during the Second World War. Its full formal name was the 74-я Guards Nizhnedneprovskiy Order of Lenin twice Red Banner Order of Bogdan Khmelnitsky Rifle Division. It was formed from the 45th Rifle Division on 1 March 1943. The division's entire World War II service was with the 62nd Army, later the 8th Guards Army.
Great Patriotic War Service.
1943.
In July 1943, participated in the battles on the outskirts of Izium, Izyum-Barvenkovo Offensive, in August 1943 in the Barvenkovo-Pavlograd Offensive, as part of the Donbas Strategic Offensive Operation . In the Lower Dnieper Offensive Operation crossed the Dnieper south of Dnepropetrovsk. During Nizhnedneprovskiy offensive forced the Dnieper to the south of Dnipropetrovsk. Then took part in the Krivoi Rog Offensive and Nikopol Offensive.
1944.
During the Winter Spring campaign of 1944 the division participated in the Bereznegovatoye-Snigirevka Offensive and the follow on Odessa Offensive.
In July 1944 the division participated in the Lublin-Brest Offensive as part of the Operation Bagration and the beginning of the liberation of Poland.
1945.
In January 1945 the division was part of the Vistula–Oder Offensive and the liberation of Poland.
In April 1945 it broke through enemy defenses at the Battle of the Seelow Heights, taking part in the Berlin Strategic Offensive.
During the war the division participated in the liberation of the cities of Izium, Nikopol, Krivoy Rog, Odessa, Poznan, Lodz, and taking Kustrin.

</doc>
<doc id="19146931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146931" title="Unity">
Unity

Unity is the state of being undivided or unbroken.
Unity may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19146940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146940" title="National Commission on Muslim Filipinos">
National Commission on Muslim Filipinos

The National Commission on Muslim Filipinos is a government agency whose objective is to promote the rights of Muslim Filipinos and to make them active participants in Philippine nation-building. On August 11, 2008, the Commission, which also serves as a link between the government and the country's Muslim minority, replaced the Office on Muslim Affairs, which had been pursuing the same aim since 1987.
Major Development Programs.
Pursuant to its mandate, the NCMF is pursuing the following major development programs:
Composition.
The main difference between the Commission and its predecessor is its composition: the Office on Muslim Affairs was headed by three Directors, who were appointed by the President. The seven members of the new Commission are still appointed by the President. All of them, however, must be Muslim Filipinos; one female, one a religious leader, the other five each from a different tribe. These provisions aim to represent the whole of the Muslim Filipino community equitably in the Commission. The members hold office for six years, the position of chairman changes biannually, so as to prevent any single tribe from gaining a dominant position in the Commission.
Bureaus.
The Commission also consists of specialized Bureaus:
Functions.
Pursuant to Republic Act 9997, the Commission fulfills several functions:

</doc>
<doc id="19146952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146952" title="Maximilien Gardel">
Maximilien Gardel

Maximilien Gardel (18 December 1741, Mannheim - 11 March 1787, Paris) was a French ballet dancer and choreographer of German descent. He was the son of Claude Gardel, ballet master to king Stanisław Leszczyński, and elder brother of Pierre Gardel.
Gardel débuted at the Académie royale de Musique in Paris in 1759 and five years later became a soloist there. After sharing dance roles with Gaétan Vestris, Gardel took over from him in 1772 in the reprise of Rameau's "Castor et Pollux", in which he danced with neither mask nor wig (then judged unimaginable) so as not to be deceived by his rival. 
In 1773 Gardel and Jean Dauberval became Vestris' assistants as ballet master. In 1781, Gardel took over the position (succeeding Noverre).
Upon Maximilien's death, his elder brother of Pierre Gardel succeeded him as ballet master of the Paris Opera .

</doc>
<doc id="19146953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146953" title="Mike Gebhardt">
Mike Gebhardt

Michael ("Mike") William Gebhardt (born November 25, 1965 in Columbus, Ohio) is a former sailor from the United States, who competed in five consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984. He claimed a bronze and a silver medal during his career in the "Men's Lechner Sailboard Class".

</doc>
<doc id="19146962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146962" title="Mario Baeza">
Mario Baeza

Mario L. Baeza (born January 22, 1951) is a Cuban-American corporate lawyer, merchant banker, entrepreneur, musician/composer and philanthropist.
Biography.
Mario L. Baeza (born January 22, 1951) is a Cuban-American corporate lawyer, merchant banker,entrepreneur, musician/composer and philanthropist. At the age of seven, Mario Baeza emigrated with his family from Guanabacoa, Cuba, six months before Fidel Castro came to power. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa in three years from Cornell University in 1971 (triple major, honors and distinctions in all subjects), and earned a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School in 1974.
He is currently the founder and controlling shareholder of the Baeza Group LLC, the first U.S. Hispanic-owned merchant banking firm; the founder and chairman of V-me Media Inc., a national Spanish-language television network distributed through the digital channels of public television affiliate stations; and the founder and chairman of AJM Records, an independent record label.
Career.
Baeza is the founder and controlling shareholder of Baeza & Co., which was formed in 1994 in order to create the first U.S. Hispanic-owned merchant banking firm focusing on the Pan-Hispanic region. In 1996, Baeza & Co. entered into a partnership with Trust Company of the West, a global asset manager with approximately $100 billion under management at the time for the purpose of forming TCW/Latin America Partners ("TCW/LAP"). Led by Baeza & Co., in 1997 TCW/LAP raised $230 million in committed funds and thereby became one of the pioneering Latin America-focused private equity funds. Baeza & Co. provided the entire management team for TCW/LAP and the anchor clients for the funds TCW/LAP managed.
Mario L. Baeza served as Chairman and CEO of TCW/LAP from its inception until 2003 and as Chairman until 2006. In 2003, Mr. Baeza formed The Baeza Group, a Hispanic-owned alternative investment firm specializing in the management of private equity investments targeting the U.S. Hispanic domestic emerging market and hedge fund products centered around global macro strategies. From 1994 to 1996, Mr. Baeza was President of Wasserstein Perella International Limited and Chairman and CEO of Grupo Wasserstein Perella, a Latin America focused joint venture between Baeza & Co. and Wasserstein Perella.
From 1974 to 1994, Mr. Baeza was an associate and then, at the age of 29, became a partner of the international law firm of Debevoise & Plimpton where he specialized in domestic and international mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance and the negotiation and structuring of private equity funds and private equity investments. He also became the leading expert in the country on the use of employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs) as defensive tools in hostile takeovers. Mr. Baeza also founded and was the head of the firm's Latin America Group and, prior to that, its leveraged buyout practice, and its telecommunications and new technology practice. Mr. Baeza was consistently the top or one of the top billing partners of the firm. He was also the first Black or Latino to start as an associate in a major New York law firm and rise through the ranks to full partnership.
Mr. Baeza has had a long and successful career in media. In 1992, Mr. Baeza, together with Wynton Marsalis, Gordon Davis, Albert Murray and Nat Leventhal, co-founded Jazz@Lincoln Center, which became a full constituent of Lincoln Center co-equal with the Metropolitan Opera, New York Philharmonic and American Ballet Theatre. In 2004, Jazz@Lincoln Center moved to its new home in the Time-Warner Center after a successful $130 million capital campaign, the largest for Jazz music in history. Led by Wynton Marsalis, the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra has become the most celebrated Jazz orchestra of its day, and the organization's educational and outreach programs have become role models for other arts organizations.
Mr. Baeza founded, Hillside Broadcasting Corp., which acquired a controlling interest in WWAY-TV (Wilmington, N.C.) and KSLA-TV (Shrevesport, La.), both ABC television station affiliates, and significant interests in WKRS (FM) and WOR (AM) radio stations in New York City. All properties were eventually sold at substantial premiums to their acquisition cost.
In 2000, Mr. Baeza formed AJM Records, an independent record label that signed and successfully launched the career of Ashanti in a joint venture with Def Jam/Murder Inc. Records. Ashanti's first album sold over 5 million records, received numerous Grammy nominations and a Grammy for best female R&B vocal performance, five American Music Awards and 3 Billboard Awards. She also was entered into the Guinness Book of Records for being the first female to have five songs in the top ten pop charts at the same time, a feat equaled only by the Beatles. In 2004, AJM Records and Baeza Music Publishing were awarded two ASCAP awards for singles released on Ashanti's second album. In 2007 AJM Records released the soundtrack to a feature film entitled, “Downtown–A Street Tale”, featuring performances by Irene Cara and Petula Clark.
In 2003, Mr. Baeza was appointed by New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg to serve as Chair of the New York City Latin Media and Entertainment Commission. The Commission has as its objective to make New York City once again the Latin media and entertainment capital of the world. The Commission includes prominent Latino and media industry leaders in New York and already has a record of notable successes.
In 2004, Mr. Baeza was a U.S. Congressional appointee to the Independent Task Force in TV Measurement, which was created to review and analyze Nielsen Media Research's recruitment and sampling methodologies, with a particular focus on their impact on people of color. The Task Force's groundbreaking report and recommendations were accepted wholesale by Nielsen and changed Nielsen's approach to doing business in African-American, Latino and Asian communities.
In 2005, Mr. Baeza was elected Chairman of the Upper Manhattan Development Zone, a quasi-public entity in equal parts by the federal, state and City of New York governments. UMEZ has disbursed over $250,000,000 in financings and investments (including grants to non-profit cultural institutions) all for the purpose of spurring economic development and job growth in Harlem and the South Bronx, New York. UMEZ is widely credited with being the catalyst for the resurgence of Harlem as an investment and tourist destination.
In 2006, after six years of work, The Baeza Group partnered with WNET/Thirteen, the flagship PBS affiliate station, to form V-Me Media, Inc., a new national Spanish-language television network distributed through the digital channels of 40 public television affiliate stations and carried on all major cable and satellite systems. The channel officially launched on March 6, 2007 and in 2011 reached over 72 million U.s. homes, including 80% of all Hispanic households in the country. Mr. Baeza serves as V-Me's Founder and Executive Chairman.
Mr. Baeza is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Cornell University (where he was graduated in three years with honors and distinction in all subjects) and a graduate of Harvard Law School. Mr. Baeza has been a Herman Phleger Visiting Professor of Law at Stanford Law School and a Lecturer in Law at Harvard Law School, where for two years he taught a large lecture course entitled, "New Technology and the Law."
Corporate Board Positions.
He is a member of the Board of Directors of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:ADP), where he is a member of the Executive Committee and chairs the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; he was the lead director of Tommy Hilfiger Corporation (NYSE:OM), until its sale in May 2006, and is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Ariel Mutual Funds Complex, the largest minority-owned asset management firm in the United States. In 2007 he joined the Board of the Israel Discount Bank of New York and in 2008 joined the Board of Brown Shoe Company, Inc. (NYSE:BWS). Mr. Baeza is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, Inc. (former member of the Board).
Philanthropy.
His charitable activities include membership on the boards of directors of The Hispanic Federation, Inc., Catholic Charities, the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, the Cuban Artists Fund and Channel Thirteen/WNET. Mr. Baeza has been featured as one of “The 100 Most Powerful Latinos” by Poder magazine and one of “The 100 Influentials” by Hispanic Business Magazine.
Publications.
Mr. Baeza is the author of numerous articles in both scholarly magazines, including the Harvard Law Review, and industry journals, as well as the contributor to chapters in several books. Most recently, he has completed a manuscript entitled, “The Latino Educational Crisis: Towards a New Approach to Preparing Latino Children for Success in School and in Life.".

</doc>
<doc id="19146979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19146979" title="Atsuji Miyahara">
Atsuji Miyahara

Olympics.
Miyahara competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "flyweight" class. He received a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="19147008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147008" title="Pierre Gardel">
Pierre Gardel

Pierre-Gabriel Gardel (4 February 1758, Nancy, France– 18 October 1840, Paris) was a French ballet dancer, ballet master, violinist, and composer. He was the younger brother of Maximilien Gardel, seventeen years his senior. In 1795 he married the dancer Marie Miller, whom he showcased in many of his works. 
Career.
Entering the school of the Opéra de Paris (Paris Opera) in 1772, he began his studies under his brother's watch. He became a soloist in 1780, but had to give up his performing career for health reasons, paired with the rising jealousy of his contemporary Auguste Vestris, who was a natural technician. Upon his brother Maximillien's death in 1787, Pierre took over as the Opera's ballet master.
Assisted by Louis Milon, Gardel went on to head the Ballet de l'Opéra de Paris for 40 years, adapting to the turmoil of the French Revolution and the reign of Napoleon. 
His first three ballets: Le Judgement de Pâris (1787), Psyché (1790), Télémanque (1790) drew upon classic myths and were considered compatible with the old regime. As the French Revolution caused a political upheaval, Gardel created patriotic dances which combined political content with neoclassical ideas. He collaborated with Jacques-Louis David, a painter who shared Gardel's views on showcasing the Revolution's ideas in works of art. In L'Offrande à la Liberté (1792) Gardel reproduced the events of the Revolution as an opera with music composed by François-Joseph Gossec. It included the revolutionary national anthem The Marseillaise, which was sung on stage. 
Pierre Gardel argued that strong technical dancing was equally important to a ballet's story and theatrics. He was influenced by Noverre's reforms, although Gardel didn't see the need to limit technique when including pantomime. He kept mime to a minimum and cast those with natural dramatic ability. His choreography offered dancers what he saw as challenging and dramatic work. Outside of the Opera ballet masters were focusing on pantomime. It was at this time that Gardel enabled changes in the training to reflect his focus on expanding technique to encompass great bodily feats. Gardel allowed and encouraged the creation of divertissements for the dancers. Auguste Vestris was a principal dancer at this time and well known for pushing the boundaries of turning and jumping. The very thing that caused Gardel discomfort as a dancer became valuable once Gardel became the Opéra's ballet master. 
The uniformity of training that the Opera is known for was first seen under his rule. Criticized for not allowing outside choreographers access to his dancers "he kept them in a type of artistic isolation." (Au 42) Some argue that Gardel's leadership was the reason that so few notable dancers emerged from the Opera during and in the years that followed his reign. A talented choreographer, he enthused the public from his first productions in 1790 right through to those just before his retirement. In 1820 he began lessening his work load, opting to create works for the operas, rather than full ballets. From 1820, the creation of ballets was transferred to Jean-Pierre Aumer, although Gardel didn't step down from his position and fully retire until 1827.
Main works.
All put on at the Opéra de Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19147032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147032" title="Anatoli Todorov">
Anatoli Todorov

Anatoli Todorov (; born 24 April 1985) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing, as an offensive midfielder, for Vitosha Bistritsa.
Career.
His first club was Septemvri Sofia. Aged 17, he signed with Litex Lovech for a fee of 200 000. After being released, from Rodopa Smolyan in January 2008, Todorov signed a 3 year deal with Lokomotiv Plovdiv. He has been given the №17 shirt. Anatoli made his official debut for Lokomotiv in a match against Lokomotiv Sofia on 1 March 2008. The result of which was a 1-2 defeat for Loko Plovdiv. From August 2009 Todorov is a part of Lokomotiv Mezdra.
Video Game.
He played as a striker in . He was one of the best strikers in that version of game and was called the "goal machine" by many.

</doc>
<doc id="19147033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147033" title="Tsutomu Hanahara">
Tsutomu Hanahara

Olympics.
Hanahara competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "flyweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19147062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147062" title="Louis Milon">
Louis Milon

Louis-Jacques-Jessé Milon (18 April 1766 - 26 November 1849) was a French ballet dancer, choreographer, and ballet master.
Life.
Born in Saint-Martin de Caux, his widowed mother brought him to Paris, where they lived near the Boulevard du Temple. The Théâtre des Élèves de l'Opéra opened there not long after their arrival, and Milon's interest was piqued. He was soon filling in as a Saracen on the city walls in the five-act pantomime "La Jérusalem délivrée". By the age of fourteen he was playing pantomime and comedy and dancing at the Variétés Amusantes.
Later he began studying dance at the Paris Opera Ballet School, joining the "corps de ballet" of the school's parent company in 1787 and making a favorable impression as the Grand Cousin in Maximilien Gardel's "Le déserteur" on 16 January 1788 and as the Mentor in Pierre Gardel's "Télémaque" on 23 February 1790. He became "double" in 1791, and was only promoted to "remplacement" in the "noble" genre in 1799, before retiring as a dancer in 1800.
He created his first ballet, "Pygmalion", at the Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique in 1799 with his sister-in-law, Émilie Bigottini, as the star. It was so successful, that he was invited to stage it at the Opéra, where is was first presented on 20 August 1800.
After successfully creating "Héro et Léandre" at the Opéra on 31 December 1799, he became assistant ballet master to Pierre Gardel, with whom he worked in great harmony. Their collaboration, "Les Noces de Gamache", with a libretto by Milon based on comic episodes from Cervantes's novel "Don Quixote", premiered on 18 January 1801 and was retained in the repertory until 1841. He continued to teach and created many other works for the company until his retirement in 1826.
Many of his ballets were also produced on the main stages of Europe. In parallel to his choreography career, he was also the last "grand professeur" of pantomime at the Opéra.
He died in Neuilly-sur-Seine in 1849.
Though not revolutionary, his works were well in line with the tastes of the time and perfectly legible for audiences. With Bigottini, Milon put on pieces full of fantasy and humour as well as melodramas, with the latter having great success right up until the rise of romantic ballet around 1830.

</doc>
<doc id="19147078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147078" title="Terutroban">
Terutroban

Terutroban is an antiplatelet agent developed by Servier Laboratories. It has been tested for the secondary prevention of acute thrombotic complications in the Phase III clinical trial PERFORM ("Prevention of cerebrovascular and cardiovascular Events of ischemic origin with teRutroban in patients with a history oF ischemic strOke or tRansient ischeMic attack").
The study was prematurely stopped and thus it could not be determined whether terutroban has a better effect than aspirin.
Method of action.
Terutroban is a selective antagonist of the thromboxane receptor. It blocks thromboxane induced platelet aggregation and vasoconstriction.

</doc>
<doc id="19147084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147084" title="Teprenone">
Teprenone

Teprenone (or geranylgeranylacetone) is a pharmaceutical drug used for the treatment of gastric ulcers.
In Japan it is sold under the brand name Selbex (セルベックス).

</doc>
<doc id="19147110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147110" title="Lindenwood Ice Arena">
Lindenwood Ice Arena

Lindenwood Ice Arena is an arena and recreational sport facility located in Wentzville, Missouri and owned and operated by Lindenwood University. LU Ice Arena serves as the home for LU Lindenwood Lions Men's and Women's ice hockey teams and LU synchronized skating team.
It features two NHL size sheets of ice for ice hockey, figure skating and open skating, and local high school hockey . Other features of the arena include 8 locker rooms, heated bleacher seating, concession stand, and pro shop/LU Hockey team store. Current capacity for spectators is about 1,000 for each of the two NHL size hockey rinks.
The ice arena received renovations during the summer of 2010 to prepare for the transition of the university's athletic department to the NCAA. The renovation included new in-ice logos, new boards, and major updates to the women's locker room that includes a new video room and new workout room for the team's move to NCAA Division I. Also the university constructed a new men's ACHA DII/JV locker room.
History.
The Lindenwood Ice Arena was built in 1998 as the Wentzville Ice Arena. The facility was developed, and originally owned, by Wayne Stumpf. The complex was constructed at a cost of $4.5 million. The Wentzville Ice Arena first opened its doors to the public on December 18, 1998. Naming rights were later sold, and the arena became known as the CenturyTel Ice Arena. The arena was sold to Lindenwood University in July 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19147111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147111" title="Gates River">
Gates River

The Gates River is a short river in the Lillooet Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada. Approximately 14.5 km in length, it flows generally northeast from the outlet of Birken Lake (aka Gates Lake or Summit Lake) to its mouth at the head of Anderson Lake. Its main tributaries are Haylmore Creek, from the southeast, and Blackwater Creek, from the northwest, which originates near the head of Birkenhead Lake. Augmented by the waters of McGillivray Creek, Lost Valley Creek and others, its flow becomes the Seton River from the foot of Anderson Lake onwards.
The communities of the river's valley are known collectively as the Gates Valley and include Birken, Gates, Devine and D'Arcy (also known by its St'at'imcets language name Nequatque). The valley was part of the route of the Douglas Road and is the eastern half of the section of that route known as the Long Portage or Pemberton Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="19147124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147124" title="The Chaos Pool">
The Chaos Pool

The Chaos Pool is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
Chaos and Order, old friends and old enemies and beginning and end of time come head to head at the conclusion of the search for The Key to Time.

</doc>
<doc id="19147138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147138" title="Most decorated US ships of WWII">
Most decorated US ships of WWII


</doc>
<doc id="19147146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147146" title="John Aloysius Green">
John Aloysius Green

John Aloysius Green was born in the parish of Moore, County Roscommon, Ireland, 10 December 1844. His parents were John Green and Bridget (Kenny) Green. John A. Green came to Boston, Massachusetts, September 2, 1852, and attended the common schools. In 1860 he learned the monumental trade and worked at it for ten years. Later he worked in granite, sandstone and last of all limestone. 
Mr. Green came west in 1865, living for a time in Joliet, Illinois. In 1867 he worked at the Rock Island Arsenal as a stone-cutter, and in the same year he went to Wyoming, where he cut stone for Union Pacific bridges, forty miles west of Cheyenne. He returned to Joliet in the winter of the same year. March 17, 1868, then a lonely spot in the wilderness, now the site of Stone City, Iowa, a prosperous community in the late 19th century that added great wealth to the state and to Jones County, built, as its name indicates, on the business inaugurated by Mr. Green when he opened the Champion quarries. 
In 1875 he married Ellen Green, of Joliet, Illinois, and to them were born —Mary, Anna, Joseph, Ellen and James, twins, Leo, Rose, Agnes, Robert, and Josephine. 
In addition to the Champion quarries, Mr. Green opened a quarry on Buffalo Creek, worked the old state quarry on the Wapsipinicon River for a time, a quarry at Wasioja, Minnesota, and one at Shuster, Missouri. He was the first in the United States to employ hydraulic power for stripping quarries, and he was also the first to load large holes with several hundred pounds of black powder, to shake the hills and loosen thousands of tons of stone at one blast.
In 1892 he was elected to the Iowa Senate from the twenty-fourth senatorial district, a Republican division comprising Jones and Cedar counties. He was an unsuccessful candidate for congressional honors in 1904, receiving, however, 2,760 more votes than were given for the head of his ticket in the fifth congressional district of Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="19147147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147147" title="Deacon Donahue">
Deacon Donahue

John Stephen Michael "Deacon" Donahue (June 23, 1920 – March 6, 2008) was a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Philadelphia Phillies. Listed at 6' 0", 180 lb., Donahue batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.
Donahue was one of several players who only appeared in the majors during World War II. In eight relief appearances, he posted a 0-2 record with a 6.75 earned run average with no saves, giving up 11 runs (one unearned) on 22 hits and three walks while striking out three in 13 ⅔ innings of work.
Following his baseball career, Donahue worked as a movie theatre projectionist in the Chicago area for 40 years. He died in Glenview, Illinois, at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="19147152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147152" title="Hristian Popov">
Hristian Popov

Hristian Emilov Popov (; born 5 February 1990 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who currently plays for Berliner AK . He was raised in Lokomotiv Plovdiv's youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19147161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147161" title="Gefarnate">
Gefarnate

Gefarnate is a drug used for the treatment of gastric ulcers.
It also has been proposed for use in the treatment of dry eye syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="19147165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147165" title="Jean-Baptiste Hus">
Jean-Baptiste Hus

Jean-Baptiste Hus (June 1736, probably in Paris - 1805, Paris) was a French ballet dancer and ballet master. He was the son of François Hus and Françoise-Nicole Gravillon, he was the brother of the future actress Mlle Hus and a member of the large Hus family, an 18th-century dynasty of dancers and actors. He was a student of Louis Dupré, Gaetan Vestris and Jean-Georges Noverre.

</doc>
<doc id="19147177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147177" title="Hus family">
Hus family

The Hus family was an 18th-century French dynasty of ballet dancers and actors.
The Hus brothers.
The "Frères Hus" were two family members who collaborated between 1720 and 1750 to direct an acting company touring France and the Austrian Netherlands. François Hus and Barthélemy Hus-Desforges led their company around towns in southern France (Marseille, Avignon, Montpellier, Perpignan, Toulouse and Bordeaux), the Rhône valley (Lyon, Chambéry et Grenoble), Britanny, Normandy (Rennes, Nantes, Le Havre and Rouen), northern France (Douai) and what is now Belgium Ghent and Brussels).
Family tree.
François Hus and Françoise Gravillon had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="19147180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147180" title="Muneji Munemura">
Muneji Munemura

Olympics.
Munemura competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "lightweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19147187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147187" title="Virata Corporation">
Virata Corporation

Virata Corporation is an inactive acquired company that was a major contributor to the "Cambridge Phenomenon" or Silicon Fen high-tech cluster in the United Kingdom. Case studies and research papers have been created to illustrate the role of social networking in the creation of Virata's success. There is also research available on the role the company played in Silicon Valley venture networks.
The ATML Period.
It was formed in June 1993 as Advanced Telecommunication Modules Ltd, a company incorporated in the UK, as a spin-off from Olivetti Research Laboratory in Cambridge. The founders included by Dr Hermann Hauser and Professor Andy Hopper. ATML was a manufacturer of ATM products and a player in the "ATM to the desktop" market.
In September 1997, due to slow uptake in the ATM systems business, the company opted for a new business strategy focusing on semiconductor design and licensing. There was a substantial headcount reduction at that time. 
In February 1998, the Company changed its name to Virata Limited. The choice of name derived from a product family name used by ATML, but it was also derived from an Italian verb meaning "to change course" as used in the nautical context of "tacking" - making progress against a prevailing headwind.
Financial backing for the ATML and Virata Ltd business came in the form of five rounds of VC funding, raising a total of $71 million. An IPO and Secondary Offering would come later.
In July 1998, Virata acquired RSA Communications, a company based in Raleigh, North Carolina.
The company description circa 1999 was: "Virata delivers highly-integrated semiconductors and communications software to Internet access equipment suppliers targeting DSL and broadband wireless devices. Virata's systems expertise, products and support services simplify development; maximize opportunity for differentiation and speed time-to-market."
A typical product is the Helium 210-80 launched in August 2001.
Preparing for IPO.
On August 31, 1999 the company was incorporated in Delaware as Virata Corporation and the company headquarters became Bunker Hill Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054. 
On September 3, 1999 the corporation filed a Form S-1 to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). It embarked thereafter on an Initial Public Offering (IPO) that culminated on November 17, 1999 when Virata offered 5 million shares at $14 on the NASDAQ exchange. The company ticker was "VRTA". The IPO raised $81 million and on the first day the price increased from $14 to $27 per share. On March 21, 2000, the Board of Directors approved a two-for-one split of Virata's common stock.
The VRTA share price continued to grow and on July 14, 2000 Virata completed a secondary offering of 6.5 million shares of common stock with each share valued at $71. The secondary offering raised $531 million and was extremely significant in providing Virata with funding for subsequent events. Together with the five private funding rounds that preceded, the company had now undergone a total of 7 funding rounds raising $683 million in total.
A period of intense company acquisition began in February 2000 with the acquisition of D2 Technologies, Inc. CA. This was followed in April with the acquisition of Inverness Systems Ltd Israel and in August with Agranat Systems, Inc. MA and Excess Bandwidth Corporation CA. 
Virata now had operations in Santa Clara, Raleigh, Cambridge, Santa Barbara, Kfar Saba, Maynard, and Taipei as well as a number of sales offices. The company also became an investor - in November 2000 for example Virata joined with Intel, ARM, and others to invest in Bluetooth chip maker Cambridge Silicon Radio.
Virata was voted “Business of the Year” in the Business Weekly East of England Business Awards 2000.
The Boom Years.
On May 25, 2001, the company opened a new European headquarters on the Cambridge Science Park. A new building of 2,884 sq. metres (31,000sq ft) provided accommodation for over 90 staff, 3 lab areas (Chip Lab, Hardware Lab and Systems Test Lab) and a customer training suite. It also had a boardroom with a now-infamous table in the shape of a "V" and a presenter's podium in the shape of the "dot" over the "i" in the Virata logo.
Financial years 1998-2001 were very successful with revenues increasing from $8.9M in 1998, $9.3M in 1999, $21.8M in 2000, to over $120M in 2001. Typical customers licensed the semiconductors (e.g. Helium, Argon) and integrated software on silicon (ISOS) for integration into DSL equipment (DSLAM, DSL Router/Modems, Home Gateways) to provide high speed Internet access with integrated voice, wireless and video functionality.
Merger with Globespan.
The product offering was stronger on communications processors and integrated networking software than it was on physical layer and DSL firmware. Downturns in the telecommunications market and increasing consolidation in the DSL sector led to the proposal of a merger in October 2001 with Globespan, a company headquartered in Red Bank, NJ. On December 14, 2001, the respective shareholders approved the merger and Globespan shareholders also approved changing the name of the company to GlobespanVirata, Inc. The company subsequently traded on NASDAQ under the symbol "GSPN". 
GlobespanVirata continued to be the market leader in the DSL semiconductor market in 2002 with revenues of $226 million and 28% revenue market share. The Cambridge R&D team continued to design silicon and software for the high-end DSL devices and were involved in the integration of technology from further acquisitions such as the Intersil 802.11 wireless technology.
In an effort to reduce operating costs GlobespanVirata embarked on a series of site closures and employee headcount reduction. In August 2002, it closed the Raleigh and Maynard offices, for example, and there were lay-offs at most sites.
Merger with Conexant.
The DSL semiconductor market became increasingly commoditized and, in November 2003, Conexant Systems and GlobespanVirata announced an agreement to combine the two companies in a strategic merger. The merger was completed on March 1, 2004. 
Headcount reductions continued and in December 2004 the majority of the ISOS software team in Cambridge was made redundant, having transferred IPR and operations to Conexant India. By June 2005 the remainder of the staff (LSI and software) were also redundant and the Cambridge site was closed.
Virata Employee Recycling.
Many ex-Virata employees are now employed by leading semiconductor companies, both in Cambridge and in other parts of the world, and several have gone on to form new companies. These include for example: Adventiq, Artimi, Broadcom, Broadlight, Camrivox, Cognidox, CSR, DisplayLink, Green Custard, Ikanos, Intellon, SaleOrigin, Solarflare, Tzero, and Vidanti.

</doc>
<doc id="19147192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147192" title="Magued Osman">
Magued Osman

Dr. Magued Osman () is the CEO and Director of the Egyptian Center for Public Opinion Research "Baseera," which ran the only transparent public opinion surveys by phone for the first Egyptian Presidential elections in 2012.
He is the former Minister of Communications and Information Technology in Egypt from February to July 2011 in the caretaker government. Before being appointed as a minister, Dr. Osman was the Chairman of the Egyptian Cabinet of Ministers' Information and Decision Support Center (IDSC). 
Dr. Osman is one of the Pioneers of Statistics and national information in Egypt; He is a Professor, at the Department of Statistics, Faculty of Economics and Political Science, Cairo University.
He has an extensive technical and consultancy experience in the fields of poverty targeting, statistical policies, and public policy for a number of prestigious local, regional institutions, and international organizations; such as Ministry of Urban and Rural Development, Saudi Arabia, the Economic Research Forum (ERF), UNIEF, the Canadian International Development
Research Centre, UNDP, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD).
Family.
Born in Cairo on November 4th 1951. He has two brothers Hussein Osman and Amr Osman. He is married to Dr. Fadia Elwan Professor of Psychology at Cairo University with three sons Hesham Osman, Walid Osman and Tarek Osman.
Publications.
I. Publications in refereed journals:
II. Publications in conference proceedings:
III. Books:
IV. Working papers:

</doc>
<doc id="19147196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147196" title="Ion-mobility spectrometry–mass spectrometry">
Ion-mobility spectrometry–mass spectrometry

Ion-mobility spectrometry–mass spectrometry (IMS-MS) is a method that is potentially able to rapidly separate components on a millisecond timescale using ion-mobility spectrometry and use mass spectrometry on a microsecond timescale to identify components within a test sample
History.
Earl W. McDaniel has been called the father of ion mobility mass spectrometry. In the early 1960s, he coupled a low-field ion mobility drift cell to a sector mass spectrometer. The combination of time-of-flight mass spectrometry and ion-mobility spectrometry was pioneered in 1963 at Bell Labs. In 1963 McAfee and Edelson published an IMS-TOF combination. From their Letter to the Editor it is not conclusive whether they used an orthogonal extraction TOF. Most likely it was, because they seem to have used the TOF of the company Bendix, which was an orthogonal TOF. In 1967 McKnight, McAfee and Sipler published an IMS-TOF combination. Their instrument clearly included an orthogonal TOF. In 1969 Cohen et al. filed a patent on an IMS-QMS system. The QMS at that time was an improvement compared to the TOFMS, because the TOFMS lacked under the slowlyness of the electronic data acquisition systems at that time. In 1970, Young, Edelson and Falconer published an IMS-TOF with orthogonal extraction. They seem to have used the same system as McKnight et al. in 1967, incorporating slight modifications. Their work was later reproduced in the landmark book of Mason/McDaniel, which is regarded as the “bible of IMS” by those skilled in the art. In 1996 Guevremont et al. presented a poster at the ASMS conference about IMS-TOF. In 1997 Tanner patented a quadrupole with axial fields which can be used as a drift cell for IMS separation. He also mentions the combination of these quadrupoles with an orthogonal TOFMS. In 1998 Clemmer reinvented the IMS-TOF combination, using a co-axial IMS-TOF setup. In 1999 Clemmer reinvented the IMS-TOF with an orthogonal TOF system.
Instrumentation.
The IMS-MS is a combination of an ion-mobility spectrometer and a mass spectrometer. 
First the ion mobility spectrometer separates ions according to their mobilities. In a second step the mass spectrometer separates ions according to their mass-to-charge ratio. Such a combination is often referred to as a "hyphenated separation" or "multi-dimensional separation". 
There are different types of ion mobility spectrometers and there are different types of mass spectrometers. In principle it is possible to combine every type of the former with any type of the latter.
Types of IMS-MS include TOFIMS (time-of-flight IMS) or the traditional ion mobility spectrometer, DMS differential mobility spectrometer, a scanable filter, also called FAIMS, and DMA differential mobility analyzer, a scanable filter.

</doc>
<doc id="19147217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147217" title="North Cornwall by-election, 1932">
North Cornwall by-election, 1932

The North Cornwall by-election, 1932 was a parliamentary by-election held on 22 July 1932 for the British House of Commons constituency of North Cornwall.
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant when the constituency's Liberal Member of Parliament (MP), the Rt Hon. Sir Donald Maclean died on 15 June 1932. He had been MP here since 1929. Maclean joined the National Government, a coalition. He served as President of the Board of Education from 1931 to 1932, when he died from cardiovascular disease at the age of sixty-eight.
Electoral history.
The seat was a traditional Liberal/Conservative marginal. At the last election, despite Maclean being a senior member of the National Government he was opposed by a Conservative;
Campaign.
Polling day was fixed for 22 July 1932, 37 days after the death of Maclean.
The main issue that divided the Conservatives and Liberals in the National Government was that of Free Trade v. Protection. Both parties were keen to take their dispute to the by-election hustings. Conservative leader, Stanley Baldwin, spent much time in the constituency speaking in support of the Conservative candidate and many other Conservative MPs toured the constituency. The Conservative's sought to argue that the Liberals, who were a minor partner in Government, were being disloyal to it by arguing for free trade.
Result.
The Liberals held the seat and increased their share of the vote.
Aftermath.
Despite the Liberal delight at their increased majority, the Labour Prime Minister Ramsay Macdonald, still chose to replace the Liberal Maclean at the Board of Education, with a Conservative, further weakening the Liberal voice in Cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="19147226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147226" title="Haylmore Creek">
Haylmore Creek

Haylmore Creek is the largest tributary of the Gates River, flowing northwest from its origin in the central Cayoosh Range to join that river at the community of Devine, British Columbia, Canada, in the Lillooet Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia.
Above the basins of a lower west fork and lower east fork, he upper valley of the creek is formed of three basins which back up against the spine of the Cayoosh Range along the north side of Duffey Lake, immediately south of the ridge defining the basin. The easternmost of these, that of Common Johnny Creek, is the location of Barkley Valley, a former gold-mining community, now a ghost town.
The namesake of the valley was Will Haylmore, Mining Sub-Recorder for the Bridge River Mines District. While his name is usually pronounced "HAIL-more", the creek's name is typically pronounced "HAIL-ey-more".`

</doc>
<doc id="19147242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147242" title="B'rov am hadrat melech">
B'rov am hadrat melech

The Hebrew phrase "b'rov am hadrat melech" (ברב עם הדרת מלך, "in multitudes there is glorification of the king") (Proverbs 14:28) is a principle in Jewish law that recommends that commandments, good deeds, be performed as part of as large a gathering as possible, with the intention of providing greater honor to God.
"Talmudic" examples of application.
The "Talmud" provides many examples of the practical application of this principle. One such example is brought by a "Tosefta" (B.Berachot 53a) which quotes a situation in which many individuals were gathered together and learning in a study hall when a candle arrived for use in the "havdalah" prayer that is recited at the end of "Shabbat". In such a case, either each individual could recite his own blessing on the fire, or one person can recite the blessing and all of the others can listen and respond "amen", thereby fulfilling their obligation to recite the blessing. Whereas the House of Shammai proposed that each person recite their own blessing, the House of Hillel proposed that one person should recite the blessing on behalf of everyone present in fulfillment of the principle of "b'rov am hadrat melech". The law follows the latter opinion - such as "Ayin Mishpat Ner Mitzvah" citing Maimonides.
Another example is in reference to blowing the "shofar".(B.Rosh Hashanah 22b) The "Mishna" (Rosh Hashanah 4:8) mandates that the "shofar" be blown during the "musaf" prayer service, and the "Gemara", ostensibly providing an explanation to why the "shofar" is not blown in the earlier "shacharit" prayer, provides the rationale that inclusion within the "musaf" prayer is because of the principle of "b'rov am hadrat melech", as more people are in the synagogue by the time the congregation has reached "musaf". This rationale is immediately debunked, as the "Gemara" continues to ask why "hallel" (when recited) is included in "shacharit" if "b'rov am hadrat melech" is indeed governing into which prayers the additions are added.

</doc>
<doc id="19147253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147253" title="Fortaleza de Minas">
Fortaleza de Minas

Fortaleza de Minas is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 3,837 people living in a total area of . The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Passos. It became a municipality in 1963.
Location.
The city center of Fortaleza de Minas is located at an elevation of 856 meters just south of the regional center of Passos. Neighboring municipalities are: Pratápolis (N and NW), Itaú de Minas (N), Passos (NE and E), Jacuí and Bom Jesus da Penha (S and SE), São Sebastião do Paraíso (W).
Distances
The nearest airport with national flights is in Ribeirão Preto.
Tourism.
Despite the small area there is a lot of variety in the landscape with rugged hills, streams, and waterfalls. There are three modest hotels and four restaurants. The São João River is the main river. It has waterfalls, and large rock formations and is used for the practice of canoeing and kayaking. One of the most beautiful spots is Cachoeira do Val, a waterfall located from the town. See Galeria de fotos for photos.
Economic activities.
Mining, services, small industries, and agriculture are the main economic activities. The economy is based on mineral extraction (nickel) and the sulfuric acid industry. There is one large enterprise, Mineração Serra da Fortaleza, of the Votorantim group. In 2005 501 workers were employed in this industry. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$112 million, with 5 million reais from taxes, 25 million reais from services, 72 million reais from industry, and 9 million reais from agriculture. There were 521 rural producers on 18,000 hectares of land. Approximately 1,800 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, bananas, sugarcane, rice, beans, and corn. There were 11,000 head of cattle, of which 3,000 were milk cows (2006).
There is 1 bank (2007) In the vehicle fleet there were 616 automobiles, 48 trucks, 53 pickup trucks, 4 buses, and 212 motorcycles (2007).
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 3 health clinics (2005). Educational needs of 850 students were attended to by 2 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$192.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19147284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147284" title="Thomas de Multon, Lord">
Thomas de Multon, Lord

Sir Thomas (V) de Moulton of Langley and later Lord de Lucy (died in 1240) was a British landowner (Baron) and Judge. The Lord of Moulton (misprinted as Multon by the scribes of the time period) was born in Lincolnshire, England and fought as a Knight in Normandy and then settled in the French Providence of Orbec in 1203, and then later in York in 1211. Later still, he was residing in Poitou in 1214.
Life.
Sir Thomas was an unlucky speculator under John, King of England owing over £800 when the Exchequer reopened after the end of the First Barons' War. In 1205 he purchased the office of High Sheriff of Lincolnshire, which he held until 1208. Unable to pay his debts, he was imprisoned in Rochester Castle until he had discharged them. He regained royal favour, and in 1213 was appointed to investigate extortions by the High Sheriffs of Lincolnshire and Yorkshire. As a northern lord and debtor Moulton sided with the Barons during the First Baron's War (see Magna Carta). A civil war that was fought over land that he had earned; during his service to the crown in the Crusades and was the very reason for his knighthood. He was also one of the rebels who mustered at Stamford in 1215. As a consequence he was ex-communicated in 1216 having previously been captured by the King in 1215. He was then entrusted to Peter de Mauley and his lands were confiscated, being restored in 1217.
Under Henry III Moulton became an important royal agent in the north; between 1217 and 1218 he was an itinerant justice for Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancashire, Yorkshire, and Northumberland. In 1224 he sat as a justice at Westminster, a position he held until 1236. In 1229 he was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, a position he held until 1233 and again between 1234 and 1236. Between 1233 and 1236 he was High Sheriff of Cumberland and constable of Carlisle Castle. His last activity was in 1238, when he worked as a surveyor of the royal demesne in Cumberland, dying in 1240.
In the "History of Cumberland County," we read the following: 
The Flower of Gilliesland; excerpt from the Moulton Annals.
The fair Margaret may have sighed for her native mountains or perchance preferred her gay suitor to the alliance destined for her by the king. At all events, in her seventeenth year, she was carried off in the night-time from Warwick Castle by her bold and chivalrous suitor, Ralph de Dacre. We find the Dacre family mentioned in reliable historical works as being of no less renown than the Moultons. 
The king rewarded the adventurous exploit of young Dacre by acknowledging the loyalty of his secret marriage and his right to both titles and lands. 
The husband of Margaret, "Lord Dacre of the North," as he is called, thus united the magnificent estates of two powerful families.
Family.
He first married Sara of Fleet before 1200. 
In 1214, he gave 1,000 marks to the crown for the wardship of the daughters of Richard de Luci and married these ladies to his sons Lambert and Alan. 
After Luci's death in 1218, he married his widow, receiving the title of Forester of Cumberland. 
For marrying a widow without the king's license, he had his lands seized and had to pay a fine of £100 to the king, and 1 palfry for the office of forester of Cumberland. 

</doc>
<doc id="19147288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147288" title="Barkley Valley, British Columbia">
Barkley Valley, British Columbia

Barkley Valley is a former gold-mining community and now ghost town located on the easternmost fork of Haylmore Creek in the Cayoosh Range of the Lillooet Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19147289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147289" title="Feel Me Flow">
Feel Me Flow

"Feel Me Flow" is a 1995 single by hip-hop group Naughty by Nature from their fourth album "Poverty's Paradise". The song was the most successful single from the album, peaking at #17 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at #3 on Hot Rap Singles. The sole rapper on the song is Treach. The music video shows Treach near a pool and the ocean in the midst of a heat wave, and also shows clips of the winter and people snowboarding. The song is featured in the 2002 film 8 Mile starring Eminem. According to a recent publication in the "Rolling Stone" this was named the "coolest rap song of the 1990s."

</doc>
<doc id="19147291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147291" title="Hilborough">
Hilborough

Hilborough is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk. The village is south of Swaffham, west south west of Norwich and north north east of London. The village straddles the A1065 between Swaffham and Brandon. The nearest railway station is at Brandon for the Breckland Line which runs between Cambridge and Norwich.
History.
Hilborough has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Hilborough is recorded by the name ‘’Hildeburhwella’’. The main landholder is William de Warenne. The main tennent was named as William. The survey also notes that there were three mills, five Beehives. The ancestors of Admiral Nelson, including the Admiral's father, the Reverend Edmund Nelson, who left for Burnham Thorpe shortly before Horatio was born; were rectors of the parish church of All Saints at Hilborough between 1734 and 1806. In the 1990s the Hilborough Estate was bought by Hugh van Cutsem where he built a neo-Palladian mansion designed by architect Francis Johnson. The efforts of the van Cutsem family and their estate workers resulted in the Hilborough Estate becoming one of the countries leading wild-bird shoots, winning awards for their conservation work.
Notable people.
The family of Admiral Nelson. Nelson’s grandfather, father, uncle-by-marriage and his brother were all rectors of All Saints parish church in the village. As a young boy Nelson stayed with his uncle and grandmother in Hilborough. After the battle of the Nile, Nelson was created Baron Nelson of the Nile and Hilborough.

</doc>
<doc id="19147292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147292" title="Jesse Chavez">
Jesse Chavez

Jesse David Chavez (born August 21, 1983) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball. He bats and throws right-handed.
Professional career.
Chavez was born in Victorville, California. A graduate of Fontana A.B. Miller High School in Fontana, California, Chavez was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft out of Riverside Community College. In , Chavez was promoted to Triple-A Oklahoma where he pitched one game before being traded.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
He was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Kip Wells on July 31, 2006. He was assigned to the Triple-A Indianapolis Indians where he pitched the rest of the season and all of .
Chavez appeared in 51 games for the Indians in (with a 3.80 ERA) and was promoted to the majors on August 27, making his debut the same day.
He was traded by the Pirates on November 3, 2009 to the Tampa Bay Rays in exchange for second baseman Akinori Iwamura.
He had a 4.48 ERA in 82 1/3 innings pitched for the Pirates from 2008–2009.
Atlanta Braves.
Chavez was traded by the Pirates on November 3, 2009 to the Tampa Bay Rays in exchange for second baseman Akinori Iwamura. On December 10 he was traded again, to the Atlanta Braves for Rafael Soriano.
He had a 5.89 ERA in 36 2/3 innings pitched for the Braves in 2010.
Kansas City Royals.
On July 31, 2010, Chavez was traded to the Kansas City Royals along with Gregor Blanco and Tim Collins for Rick Ankiel and Kyle Farnsworth. The Royals designated him for assignment on October 11, 2011.
He had a 6.95 ERA in 33 2/3 innings pitched for the Royals from 2010–2011.
Toronto Blue Jays.
On October 21, 2011, he was claimed off waivers by the Toronto Blue Jays. He was designated for assignment on December 12 but cleared waivers and was outrighted to Triple-A.
On May 27, 2012, Chavez was called up from Triple-A Las Vegas. He was 6–2 with a 3.72 ERA in 10 games with Las Vegas.
He was recalled on August 4. On August 5, however, he was sent back down to make room for the promotion of Chad Jenkins from the New Hampshire Fisher Cats.
Oakland Athletics.
Chavez was traded to the Oakland Athletics on August 24, 2012, in exchange for cash considerations. Chavez started the 2013 season with the Triple-A Sacramento River Cats. He was recalled by Oakland on April 20, and sent back to Sacramento on April 29. He was recalled again on May 10. On July 31, 2013, Chavez pitched against the Blue Jays for the first time since being traded to Oakland and took the loss, yielding 3 runs in the 10th inning.

</doc>
<doc id="19147296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147296" title="Tan Twan Eng">
Tan Twan Eng

Tan Twan Eng is a Malaysian author of fiction born in Penang in 1972.
Life.
Tan studied law at the University of London, and later worked as an advocate and solicitor in one of Kuala Lumpur's law firms before becoming a full-time writer. He has a first-dan ranking in aikido and lives in Cape Town.
Career.
His first novel, "The Gift of Rain", published in 2007, was long-listed for the Man Booker Prize. It is set in Penang before and during the Japanese occupation of Malaya in World War II. "The Gift of Rain" has been translated into Italian, Spanish, Greek, Romanian, Czech, Serbian and French.
His second novel, "The Garden of Evening Mists", was published in 2012. It was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize 2012 and won the Man Asian Literary Prize, and the Walter Scott Prize for Historical Fiction.
Tan has spoken at literary festivals, including the Singapore Writers Festival, the Ubud Writers' Festival in Bali, the Asia Man Booker Festival in Hong Kong, the Shanghai International Literary Festival, the Perth Writers Festival, the Abbotsford Convent in Melbourne, Australia, and the Franschhoek Literary Festival in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19147301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147301" title="Adamson House">
Adamson House

The Adamson House and its associated land, which was known as Vaquero Hill in the nineteenth century, is a historic house and gardens in Malibu, California that has been called the "Taj Mahal of Tile" due to its extensive use of decorative ceramic tiles created by Rufus Keeler of Malibu Potteries. The house was built in 1930 for Rhoda Rindge Adamson and Merritt Huntley Adamson, based on a Mediterranean Revival design by Stiles O. Clements of the architectural firm of Morgan, Walls & Clements. The residence and estate is within the Malibu Lagoon State Beach Park. The Adamson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 and designated as California Historical Landmark No. 966 in 1985.
History.
Rindge-Adamson family.
Rhoda Agatha Rindge Adamson was the daughter of Frederick Hastings Rindge, a wealthy Boston businessman relocated to Los Angeles, who owned the "Rindge Ranch," which included the historic Spanish land concession Rancho Topanga Malibu Sequit, enlarged by subsequent land purchases surrounding the ranch. The Rindge Ranch thus encompassed present day Malibu, California and small portions of the Santa Monica Mountains.
Merritt Adamson (1888–1949) was a graduate of the University of Southern California Law School and was the captain of the 1912 football team, the first USC team to be known as the "Trojans." Adamson met Rhoda Rindge while he was employed as the foreman of the Rindge Ranch. Rhoda Rindge reportedly became interested in him when she helped to nurse him back to good health after he was injured in an accident. The couple was married in 1915, and in 1916 Adamson established a dairy business in the San Fernando Valley, in Tarzana known as Adohr Farms, the name representing his wife's name spelled backwards. The business became one of the country's largest dairies, operating one of the largest herds of Guernsey cows in the world.
Construction and architecture.
The two-story, ten-room Adamson House was designed by Stiles O. Clements and built of steel-reinforced concrete. Completed in 1930, Stiles called the house an outstanding example of modified Mediterranean Revival-style architecture. Architectural historians refer to the style as a synthesis of Spanish Colonial Revival and Moorish Revival architecture.
The house features teak woodworking, fireplaces in several interior and outdoor patio rooms, handpainted ceilings, lead-framed bottle glass windows, and "wrought-iron filigrees fitting over the windows like intricate jewelery." The main floor is dominated by a large living room with windows on three sides. The room is still furnished as it was when the Adamsons lived there, including the large radio on which the family received news of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Other rooms on the main floor include a guest bedroom with a bathroom that is tiled literally from floor to ceiling, a dining room with an old convent table overlooking the ocean, a kitchen with an early version of a dishwasher and a colorful tiled clock, and the main entrance with its imposing wood door and tiled entrance table.
There are four bedrooms and a small kitchenette upstairs. The master bedroom, where Mr. and Mrs. Adamson slept, is on the southwest corner of the house. It has a large tiled bathroom, and Mrs. Adamson's clothes and hat collection remain in her closet. Next to the master bedroom is the one designed for the Adamsons' son; its bathroom has detailed tiles depicting ships and nautical scenes. The girls' bedroom in the center facing the ocean has a tremendous view of the ocean and coast. These three bedrooms open onto a large upstairs patio with the home's most spectacular panoramic view of the ocean, the Malibu lagoon and the coast in both directions. The fourth bedroom upstairs is at the eastern end of the second floor and looks out of a large Dombeya tree that blooms with spectacular bright red flowers in the spring.
Another striking feature of the house is the tiled swimming pool set into the sand that was equipped with a special filtering and heating apparatus that permitted the pool to be filled with either salt or freshwater. The Los Angeles Times in 1930 noted that the unusual features made the "plunge one of the finest in the southland."
A Tile Showcase.
Adamson House is best known for its extensive use of local Malibu tile. In 1926, May K. Rindge (Rhonda Rindge Adamson's mother) established a tileworks east of the Malibu Pier. The factory was run by Rufus Keeler, an innovative ceramic engineer, who worked with local artisans to design decorative art tile, employing more than 100 persons in the late 1920s and creating "some of the most colorful and inventive glazed tiles in the country." Hand-crafted art tile fired from local clay was specially designed for each room of the Adamson House. Even the ceiling of one of the bathrooms was tiled. In 1930, the "Los Angeles Times" reported: "Striking tile effects have been obtained from original designs of the craftsmen and artists of the pottery and floors, walls and patios." Sixty-seven years later, the "Los Angeles Times" was still writing about the home's extraordinary tilework: "This huge Spanish-style mansion, built in 1929 (sic), might as well be called the house that tile built. Tile is everywhere -- from the ceramic wall clock above the tile-topped oak table in the kitchen to the floor-to-ceiling tiled bathrooms."
One of the home's most popular examples of tilework is a imitation Persian carpet made of tile, including small pieces designed to look like rug fringes. In the exterior of the house, the colorfully tiled Neptune Fountain, Peacock Fountain and Star Fountain are among the home's most photographed examples of tilework. Nearby, there is also an elaborately tiled outdoor tub used by the Adamsons to bathe their dogs. The bathhouse and swimming pool are also covered with Malibu tile, and the dressing rooms have tiled showers with decorative motifs. The house has been called a "museum of tile" and the "Taj Mahal of Tile." The Malibu Potteries only operated for six years from 1926–1932, and the Adamson House has many of the potteries' most significant remaining works.
Early use.
The house was originally a vacation beach cottage, but the Adamsons eventually made it their permanent home. In December 1932, a fire started in the electrical wiring of the garage. One of the bedrooms was badly damaged, and the entire house was threatened by intense flames. The fire was put out by pumping crews from the forestry stations at Fernwood and Las Flores, aided by the Malibu Beach colony fire department. During World War II the bathhouse was used by the United States Coast Guard as a local headquarters to watch out over the Malibu coast.
Eminent domain and plans for beach parking.
After the death of her husband, Rhoda Rindge Adamson continued to live in the house until her own death in April 1962. After her death, her heirs announced plans to build a $10–12 million "deluxe Waikiki-type beach resort" on the site, while preserving the house as an art and history museum. The State of California, however, filed an eminent domain lawsuit in 1966, seeking to raze the house and turn it into beach parking. The state won its eminent domain lawsuit and purchased the property from the Adamson estate at the $2.69 million valuation set by the court.
Preservation as a museum.
Despite the state's victory in the eminent domain proceeding, the Malibu Historical Society, supported by the Los Angeles County Department of Parks and Recreation and the Adamson family, together with other leading Malibu citizens, fought over the next ten years to have the Adamson House preserved. While the state's plans to raze the house were put on hold, the house was leased to Pepperdine University from 1971-1982 as the residence of the university's chancellor, Norvel Young. In addition to its extensive use of Malibu tile, preservationists touted the house as "a prime example of California Moorish-Spanish architecture." In 1976, preservationists won a victory when Herbert Rhodes, the director of the state's Department of Parks and Recreation, overruled staff recommendations to use the land for beach parking and recommended preservation of the entire property. 
Sylvia Rindge Adamson Neville, a granddaughter of Frederick Rindge, donated money to help restore the house, and additional funds were raised by the Malibu Historical Society. Beginning in October 1982, volunteers from the Malibu Lagoon State Beach Interpretive Association began work converting the garage into a small historic museum. In 1983, the house and Malibu Lagoon Museum (located in the garage) were opened to the public for docent-led tours. The house is open to the public for tours on Wednesdays through Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.
While the house is looked after by a dedicated staff of state employees and volunteers, a lack of funding from the state has led to maintenance problems as of September 2008. The area beneath the upstairs balcony overlooking the ocean shows signs of deterioration. A large iron barbecue grill that was a gift from Will Rogers to the Adamson family had been left exposed to the elements and is in need of repair. Several tile-topped tables that formerly sat in the backyard have been vandalized and now sit in an enclosed area.
Historic designations.
In October 1977, the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. And in November 1985, it was also designated as a California Historical Landmark by the California Historic Resources Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19147304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147304" title="Gone, Baby, Gone (novel)">
Gone, Baby, Gone (novel)

Gone, Baby, Gone is a 1998 detective novel by Dennis Lehane, his fourth in the series that features Boston private investigators Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro. In 2007, a film of the same name was released in theaters, directed by Ben Affleck.
Plot.
Boston based lovers and private investigators Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro are hired by a woman to look into the case of her niece, Amanda McCready, whose disappearance has become an important local news story. They take the case despite the seeming reluctance of the girl's uncle, Lionel. During the investigation they quickly come to the conclusion that Amanda's mother, Helene, who has been prominently featured in the news stories about the case, is a degenerate and neglectful parent. At the time of Amanda's disappearance, Helene had left her alone for several hours while she partied at a local dive bar. In another incident, revealed later, Helene had once left her daughter unsupervised on the beach for several hours, resulting in the girl getting a terrible sunburn. While Helene has been pleading with the public for her daughter's return, in private she often seems more concerned about her own life and the possible benefit the publicity might have on it. In perhaps the most irresponsible act of parenting, Patrick and Angie discover that Helene had taken Amanda along while she and her then boyfriend Skinny Ray stole two hundred thousand dollars from men working for the imprisoned drug dealer Cheese.
Patrick and Angie begin working on the case with police officers Remy Broussard and Nick "Poole" Raftopoulous, members of the Boston Police Department's CAC (Crimes Against Children) Division. In investigating the missing money from Helene and Ray's drug deal, Patrick, Angie, Broussard, and Poole find the money along with two dead bodies, acquaintances of Helene's from when the money was originally stolen. The police receive an apparent ransom demand calling for a meetup at the Quincy Quarries to exchange the money for the girl. Under cover of darkness and with the area surrounded by police, Angie, Patrick, Poole, and Remy arrive at the quarry. Before they can meet the kidnappers, a confused gun battle breaks out, resulting in the death of a couple of gangsters working for Cheese and the disappearance of the ransom money. Angie finds Amanda's favorite doll, which had been taken along with her, in the water of the quarry, and they conclude that the little girl was likely thrown in and died.
Months later, Patrick crosses paths with Helene and sees her to be emotionally wrought and reeling from Amanda's death. Patrick later learns that Remy had known Lionel, Helene's brother, before Amanda's disappearance. Questioning Lionel with the aid of Justice Department agent Ryerson, Patrick and Angie discover that the whole kidnapping had been orchestrated at Lionel's behest in order to get Amanda away from Helene's neglectful care. Remy and another policeman, Pasquale, disguised as burglars, stage a holdup of the bar where Patrick, Angie, and Lionel are meeting. After it becomes clear to Patrick that the two are there to kill Lionel and end the investigation into Amanda, a gunfight ensues which ends with Pasquale dead, Lionel and Ryerson grievously wounded, and Remy fleeing on foot. Patrick gives chase to Remy, finding that Angie had shot him in the barroom melee. After refusing medical help and thereby ensuring his imminent death (and avoiding imprisonment for his role in most of the crimes committed or unearthed during the novel), Remy confesses to Patrick that he is part of a small ring of cops who take children from abusive and neglectful homes and place them with caring competent parents. The first child had been his own son, who he had found as an infant malnourished and abused in a crack house, the child's birth mother so uninterested in his welfare that she had never filed a missing persons report after Remy took him. Remy had conspired with Lionel to take Amanda from Helene's care to ensure her proper upbringing. To protect Amanda, he refuses to tell Patrick of her whereabouts before his own death. Patrick later figures that Remy and Poole's captain, Doyle, had taken custody of Amanda . Patrick, Angie, and two allied Boston cops (Oscar and Devin, from previous books) go to the captain's beach home where they discover Amanda McCready, apparently happy and well care for by Doyle and his wife. Angie begs Patrick, Oscar, and Devin not to reveal Amanda's whereabouts, insisting that she's with a loving family now. Angie and Patrick argue about the proper course with Patrick finally supporting the decision to call the authorities to the house and reveal Lionel, Remy, and Doyle's scheme. Amanda is returned home. Remy's wife and illegally adopted child are never seen again, gone, Patrick assumes, with the two hundred thousand dollars from the botched ransom exchange. Angie, disappointed, leaves Patrick. Patrick later stops by the McCready household to find Amanda listlessly watching TV as Helene gets ready to go out on a date and leave Amanda with a neighbor, a sign that, after everything, nothing has changed.

</doc>
<doc id="19147329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147329" title="Masamitsu Ichiguchi">
Masamitsu Ichiguchi

Olympics.
Ichiguchi competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "bantamweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="19147338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147338" title="EFlow">
EFlow

eFlow is the tolling brand name of Irish company Sanef ITS Operations Ireland (formerly BetEire Flow) which manages the collection of tolls electronically. It is best known for operating the "barrier-free" tolling system which was introduced on the M50 motorway around Dublin on 30 August 2008.
Like other eToll systems, eFlow allows cashless payment on all of Ireland's toll roads. eFlow uses overhead cameras on the M50 and detectors to read electronic tags or number plates on vehicles. 
In 2007 the National Roads Authority awarded the contract to construct and operate the new tolling system for the M50 to Sanef ITS Operations Ireland, a French consortium of toll operator SANEF and tolling system designer CS. Both companies have worked on similar electronic tolling systems in Europe and North America.
eFlow tags are "interoperable", allowing motorists to use them on other eToll plazas on Ireland's road network. Electronic tags from other providers - MiniTag, Eazy Pass, eTrip, Eirtag, PassDirect and Tolltag - can also be used on the M50.
With the introduction of the electronic system, the existing barrier toll barriers began to be dismantled in September 2008, and drivers now pass through the toll point at normal driving speed. Bottlenecks at the old toll barriers often caused long tailbacks, which were often featured in the roadwatch traffic reports of AA Ireland.
Prices.
Prices as of 2014 
eFlow Tag Registered vehicles pay a monthly account fee of €1.23.
Forms of Payment.
Payment is by cash, credit or debit card and is payable in stores or on the eFlow website. Toll charges must be paid by 8pm the following day of the journey or the driver incurs a penalty charge.
Exempt Vehicles.
"Motorcycles" and "Specially adapted vehicles for disabled persons" are exempt from eFlow toll charges.
Controversy.
Since the launch of the eTolling system at the West-Link in 2008, it has not been without controversy. In the opening weeks it was reported that up to 20,000 vehicles a day were not being recorded correctly, with some fleet and car-hire operators claiming up to 100 mis-directed fines per day. While the NRA initially stated that such issues affected only a small proportion of eToll users, Sanef ITS Operations Ireland has since acknowledged issues with incorrect toll charges for a "significant minority".

</doc>
<doc id="19147370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147370" title="Valea Poeții River">
Valea Poeții River

The Valea Poeții River is a tributary of the Șesul Băgăului River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19147373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147373" title="Gruithuisen">
Gruithuisen

Gruithuisen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19147390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147390" title="West Dean House">
West Dean House

West Dean House is a large flint-faced manor house situated in West Dean, West Sussex, near the historic City of Chichester. This country estate has approximately of land and dates back to 1086, with various royal connections throughout the years. In 1971 the Estate became the home of West Dean College, a centre of study of conservation, arts, crafts, writing, gardening and music.
The Medieval estate.
The earliest known reference to the West Dean Estate is found in the "Domesday Book" in 1086, where it was included in the manor of Singletonas, a forest and hunting park. The Earls of Arundel and the Dukes of Norfolk held these lands for almost 500 years until 1572, when the 4th Duke of Norfolk was accused of treason. He was stripped of his possessions by Elizabeth the 1st and then beheaded . She later restored the properties and title to the Duke's eldest son Phillip. It was Phillip who built the first manor house at West Dean, West Sussex in 1603, then known as Earl’s Court, later to be renamed Canon House due to its connections to Chichester Cathedral.
The Jacobean manor.
In 1621 Phillip sold the manor and it passed into various ownerships, including the Sussex families of John Aylwin of Lewes and Richard Lewkenor of Stoughton. It was John Lewkenor in 1622 who built the Jacobean Manor house, on the site that was previously occupied by the medieval building. The building was built in an E-shape, common in the late 16th century.
The Peachey family.
In 1738 the West Dean Estate passed into the hands of the Peachey family.
Sir James Peachey, the 1st Lord Selsey, commissioned the leading architect of time, James Wyatt to rebuild the manor house, creating the core flint mansion seen at West Dean today. Wyatt is also responsible for the orangery on the West Dean estate.
James went on to gain a vast acreage of land, leaving it to his son, Sir John the second Lord Selsey on his death. John was responsible for laying out the parkland and arboretum in West Dean. All of John’s children were without heirs, so in 1871 the last Peachey died.
The James family.
In 1891 West Dean became the home of newly married William (Willie) Dodge James and Evelyn Forbes (often referred to as Mrs Willie James). William James had inherited great wealth from his father, American born Liverpool based merchant Daniel James and Evelyn Forbes was the daughter of Sir Charles Forbes, a Scottish aristocrat.
When James moved to the West Dean Estate in 1891, he set about altering and greatly extending the house and commissioned Ernest George and Harold Peto to do so. Ernest George helped embellish the state rooms and Harold Peto designed a -long pergola, still a highlight of the gardens today. West Dean House became one of the largest flint structures in the country. The interior of the house reflects William and his brothers Frank and Arthur’s, passion for big game hunting, with souvenirs of their visits to Africa, Arabia and Afghanistan displayed throughout the house.
House parties at West Dean were attended by The Prince of Wales - who became King Edward VII when his mother Queen Victoria died. He was Edward James’s Godfather and a regular participant of pheasant and partridge shoots on the West Dean estate. The Prince of Wales had a group of rich and entertaining friends that became known as the Marlborough House set and included people like Evelyn and her sister-in-law Mary Venetia James (née Cavendish-Bentinck).
William and Evelyn had five children, four girls, Millicent, Alexandra, Silvia and Audrey. In 1907, after 18 years of marriage, their son and heir Edward James was born.
William became High Sheriff of Sussex in 1897 and Deputy Lieutenant of Sussex in 1892. He was also appointed Commander of the Royal Victorian Order by Edward VII in 1908.
Edward James.
Edward James was born on 16 August 1907, the only son of William Dodge James who had inherited a fortune from his father on his 25th birthday in 1879 (Daniel James's will, CODICIL 13th day of April 1876) and who became an adventurer, accompanying his brother Frank Linsly James on many of his expeditions, often drawing maps of uncharted lands. His mother was Evelyn Forbes, a Scots socialite, who was reputedly fathered by the Prince of Wales (later Edward VII). Edward James had four older sisters: Audrey, Millicent, Xandra, and Silvia. He was educated briefly at Eton, and then at Le Rosey in Switzerland, followed by Christ Church, Oxford, where he was a contemporary of Evelyn Waugh and Harold Acton. In 1912 he inherited the West Dean House in Sussex, on the death of his father. He was only aged 4 at the death of his father in March of that year; however Edward did not take control of the Estate until he was 25.
James' first sponsorship of note was in publishing John Betjeman's first book of poems when at Oxford. He worked with Brian Howard on the Glass Omnibus. After Oxford, James had a brief career as a trainee diplomat at the embassy in Rome. He was asked to send a coded message to London that the Italians had laid the keels for three destroyers, but got the code wrong; the message said "300 destroyers". Shortly after this he was sent "on indefinite leave". After studying at Eton and Oxford, Edward tried to establish himself as a writer and poet. He became more famous being a patron to the arts, particularly the Surrealist movement. The first example of this was when Edward established the ‘James Press’ and published friend John Betjemen’s first book of poems, ‘Mount Zion’. Edward went on to support various other artists in a wide variety of arts, but particularly artists Salvador Dalí and René Magritte during the early stages of their careers. He commissioned many pictures from those artists, which formed the nucleus of what became one of the largest collections of surrealist works in the world.
In the early 1930s, James married Tilly Losch, an Austrian dancer choreographer, actress and painter. He had several productions created expressly for her, the most notable of which was "Les Ballets 1933", which included Kurt Weill, Lotte Lenya and George Balanchine. He and Boris Kochno commissioned that year Brecht and Weill's last collaboration, "The Seven Deadly Sins", which Balanchine produced, directed and choreographed.
In 1939 Edward James wrote to Aldous Huxley expressing his fear that after the war, certain arts, and particularly the techniques of the craftsmen would be lost. As a solution James suggested that his Estate be set up as an educational community where the techniques of craftsmanship could be preserved and taught, whilst restoring old work and creating new art works.
In 1956 Wispers School, an independent boarding school for girls aged between 11 and 18, moved to West Dean House. In 1964 James gave the House to a charitable trust, The Edward James Foundation, but the school was able to remain at West Dean until 1968.
West Dean College.
The Edward James Foundation was established in 1964 as a charitable, educational trust which supports and teaches artists and craftsmen and in 1971 the Foundation established West Dean College which offers full-time and short courses.
Since the House became a college, extensive alterations and additions have been made to the bedrooms and former service areas of the house, in order to make it suitable for students. Roofing over the former stable yard and the surrounding buildings has enabled arts and crafts workshops to be built. All the work took place over a period of 20 years by architect John Warren, who tried to retain the historical features of the house.
The West Dean estate.
The West Dean Estate has approximately of land. The Estate has 136 houses and cottages, as well as more than 100 farm buildings; some are occupied by the staff of the Estate and College, as well as by pensioners of the Foundation and local families.
There are twelve farms on the Estate, many of which have been owned by the estate for generations. Seven of these farms are let and the other five are farmed through the Estate’s farming company, Karova Farms Ltd (named by Edward James), and their agricultural activates are split between livestock and cereals.
The woodlands comprise around of the estate, the main tree species being the native beech, found on the South Downs. The woodlands were badly affected by the storms of 1987 and 1990, and the woodland took over a decade to recover. The woodlands have become increasingly important, particularly when it became the key fuel to provide heating for the Estate in the 1970s. After the old boilers and electric heater proved to be incapable with dealing with the need from the evergrowing West Dean College, other methods were looked into, and wood fuel appeared to be the best alternative and the most eco friendly. 1,200 tonnes of wood chipping is needed to supply not only West Dean College, but several other residences on the estate as well, including the village church. The woodland also conceals a rich heritage with sites like Goosehill Camp dating back to the Iron Age.

</doc>
<doc id="19147398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147398" title="Pierre-Antoine Gourgaud">
Pierre-Antoine Gourgaud

Pierre-Antoine Gourgaud (29 April 1706 in Paris – 1 March 1774 in Paris), stage name Dugazon père (to distinguish him from his son Dugazon), was a French actor.
Patriarch of a large acting dynasty, Dugazon advised Louis XIV on buildings, bridges and lodges. He left his birthplace around 1730 and it was probably then that he became an actor. He married Marie-Catherine Dumay in Lille on 18 November 1734 and stayed in that city until 1739, apart from a two year stay in Brussels as director of the Théâtre de la Monnaie. On 11 December 1739, he débuted at the Comédie-Française but was not received into its company.
From 1742 to 1749, he acted in Marseille where, among other theatrical engagements, he was director of hospitals for the armée d'Italie. Returning to his nomadic lifestyle, he acted at Bordeaux and Bayonne, before being thoroughly engaged in Stuttgart in 1760. He then directed the theatre at Montpellier during the 1769-1770 season and died in Paris in 1774.
At least two of his children took up a theatrical career :

</doc>
<doc id="19147399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147399" title="Boo language">
Boo language

Boo may be:

</doc>
<doc id="19147410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147410" title="Ethnic Cleansing in the USSR, 1937-1949">
Ethnic Cleansing in the USSR, 1937-1949

Ethnic Cleansing in the USSR, 1937-1949 is a book by J. Otto Pohl, ISBN 0-313-30921-3, ISBN 978-0-313-30921-2, DOI 10.1336/0313309213 (Google Books) that discusses various incidences of ethnic cleansing in the USSR between 1937 and 1949, including the Greek Operation.

</doc>
<doc id="19147424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147424" title="1985 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Singles">
1985 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – Singles

Martín Jaite defeated Diego Pérez 6–4, 6–2 to win the 1985 Buenos Aires Grand Prix singles competition. Guillermo Vilas was the champion but did not defend his title.

</doc>
<doc id="19147435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147435" title="Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University">
Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University

The Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital (; or Ramathibodi Hospital Faculty of Medicine, if grammatically directly translated from its Thai name), commonly called Rama, of Mahidol University is a medical school in Bangkok, Thailand. It is equipped with CyberKnife, super-fast 320-slice CT scanner, latest 3-Tesla MRI scanner with parallel RF transmission and in-coil sampling, modern PET-CT scanner, and many mores. Rama is the medical school focused on American style study due to the help of Rockefeller Foundation during its founding period
About.
Following the Second National Economic and Social Development Plan (1964–1966), the Thai government aimed to increase the number of doctors and nurses in order to meet the needs of the country. In August 1964, the government cabinet approved the plan of setting up a new medical school which would be located around the Phyathai area, opposite the Ministry of Industry. HM King Bhumibol Adulyadej graciously conferred upon the name of this new medical school “Ramathibodi” and laid the foundation stone for the building on December 30, 1965. Four years later, the King came to open the new faculty on May 3, 1969. Apart from the government’s fund, the faculty was financially and academically supported by the Rockefeller Foundation from the United States of America. Since then the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital has been fully equipped and has provided medical education and services as well as research facilities to the public.
The Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital has three principal buildings to serve more than 5,000 out-patients per day. The main building, Building 1, provides more than 1,000 beds for the tertiary care of complicated and severely ill patients in various specializing departments and units. The second building, Queen Sirikit Building, hosts Advanced Diagnostic Imaging and Imaging-guided Minimal Invasive Therapy Center (AIMC), Cardiovascular and Metabolic Center (CVMC), and Queen Sirikit Medical Center (QSMC), serving as a center for advanced projects, e.g., bone marrow transplantation project. It also houses modern operating rooms and intensive care units.
The third building at the intersection corner of Rajawetee road and Rama 6 road, Somdech Phra Debaratana Building (royally opened by Somdech Phra Debaratana on August 14, 2011), which is the largest and newest building, serves as the most excellent service complex for thousands of out-patients of all types of healthcare coverages per day. The building houses Somdech Phra Debaratana Medical Center (SDMC) hosting well-equipped facilities to perform high standards of healthcare in the Southeast Asian region. It provides 350 beds, 16 operating rooms, 14 Intensive Care Units, and comprehensive state-of-the-art service centers such as Stem Cell Transplantation Center, Minimal Invasive Endoscopic Surgery Center, Elderly Care Unit Center, Child Development Center, and Complicated Diseases Services by specialized doctors.
One of the Logos of the Ramathibodi Hospital Faculty of Medicine is the shape of ร (called ror-reu).
The Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital is one of the two medical schools within Mahidol University. The older sister is the Faculty of Medicine Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University.
A New Project and Expansion.
In 2010, the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital launched a new project to ensure of being an excellent medical center in Asia to cerebrate the 84th Anniversary of King Bhumibol Adulyadej's birthday. The project approximately costs 6 billion Baht. 
Details
1. The Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital has provided medical support, education and research for more than 40 years, and it has a potential to develop and succeed its challenging mission. Dramatically, the numbers of patients and students have increased, but there are so many restrictions such as limited space, learning-teaching resource shortage, dormitory and space for various activities deficiency. Most importantly, there is no space for primary and secondary care practicing and teaching.
2. With the supports of the Royal Office of His Majesty's Principal Private Secretary in Samut Prakan province, the Faculty of Medicine had an opportunity to have an additional medical campus in Samut Prakan province. Actually, in Samut Prakan province and the eastern part of Thailand which have very big metropolitan and industry area, people are living densely with environmental and occupational health problems. However, there is no excellent medical center in the area. There are only primary care units and medium-sized hospitals which may not be able to adequately serve them. Thus the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital has offered a campaign to found a hospital in this area, which is still associated with main Ramathibodi Hospital for higher patient care quality.
3. The project is located in a 291-1-63-Rai Raja Patsadu area at 119 Soi Sukapibal, Bangplee, Samut Prakan province to fulfill the following objectives and missions:
3.1 To the Faculty of Medicine (education mission). There are adequate facilities for teaching medical students, nursing students, graduate students, communication disorder science students, and other related field students. Thus the faculty can produce more students to meet the needs of the country. With the addition of this new campus to the original become-complicated-tertiary-care-only campus, the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital will become a very comprehensive medical school producing doctors and nurses with sufficient knowledge on primary care, while providing postgraduate training at the forefront of medicine.
3.2 To host a 400-bed hospital with very high health care and public health standards. It will provide medical care for patients at all levels from primary, secondary, and tertiary, including health promotion, rehabilitation, and preventive medicine, occupational health rehabilitation for older patients, and end-stage patients. Moreover, the education and research in family medicine will be emphasized.
3.3 To be a model for a patient-centered treatment focused on network settings. The faculty will promote and teach about the collaboration among hospitals, public health district, as well as private hospitals in serving patients. Knowledge transferring in order to enhance the health of people in the East region will be accentuated. This will be a model for maintaining the complete health care for Thai people.
3.4 To be the centers of medical education, continuing medical education, and medical consultation for general public (consisting of medical centers and the network of medical services, as well as the centers of excellence in education and research). Finally, It will be a learning, living, and park community complex model.
4. Total project duration: 5 years (year 2011 to 2015).

</doc>
<doc id="19147441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147441" title="Orrington Elementary School">
Orrington Elementary School

Orrington Elementary School is a public school in Evanston, Illinois that is part of Evanston/Skokie School District 65. It is located at 2636 Orrington Avenue, about a quarter mile from Lake Michigan.
The school received national attention in the late 1950s when its longtime janitor, Hjalmar Andersson, refused to sign an anticommunist declaration and subsequently was forced out of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="19147444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147444" title="78th Air Refueling Squadron">
78th Air Refueling Squadron

The 78th Air Refueling Squadron (78 ARS) is part of the 514th Air Mobility Wing at McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey. It operates the KC-10 Extender aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions as the reserve associate to the 305th Air Mobility Wing.
History.
Established in early 1943 as a C-47 Skytrain transport squadron under First Air Force, later trained under I Troop Carrier Command in the eastern United States. Deployed to England in late 1943, being assigned to Ninth Air Force in England, IX Troop Carrier Command to participate in the buildup of forces prior to the Allied landings in France during D-Day in June 1944. Began training for participation in the airborne operation over Normandy. Entered combat on D-Day 1944 by dropping paratroops of the 101st Airborne Division near Cherbourg; towed Waco and Horsa gliders carrying reinforcements to that area on the afternoon of D-Day and on the following morning; received a Distinguished Unit Citation for its part in the Normandy invasion.
Began transport services following the landings in France and intermittently engaged in missions of this type until V-E Day; hauled supplies such as serum, blood plasma, radar sets, clothing, rations, and ammunition, and evacuated wounded personnel to Allied hospitals.
Interrupted supply and evacuation missions to train for and participate in three major airborne assaults. A detachment that was sent to Italy in July 1944 for the invasion of Southern France dropped paratroops over the assault area on 15 August and released gliders carrying troops and equipment such as jeeps, guns, and ammunition; flew a resupply mission over France on 16 August; and then transported supplies to bases in Italy before returning to England at the end of the month.
In September 1944 the group participated in the air attack on Holland, dropping paratroops of 82d and 101st Airborne Divisions and releasing gliders carrying reinforcements.
Moved to France in February 1945 for the airborne assault across the Rhine; each aircraft towed two gliders in transporting troops and equipment to the east bank of the Rhine on 24 March; then the group flew resupply missions to Germany in support of ground forces. Transported supplies to occupation forces in Germany and evacuated Allied prisoners of war after V-E Day.
Returned to the US in August Inactivated on 15 November 1945.
It conducted reserve airlift training and transport operations during periods July 1947 – February 1951, December 1952 – March 1954, April 1955 – November 1957, May 1959 – September 1961, and August 1962 – March 1972, during which times it often augmented Military Airlift Command's strategic airlift operations worldwide and took part in domestic training exercises. The squadron also served in an active status from, March 1951 – December 1952 and October 1961 – August 1962. Between April 1972 and October 1973, it performed a special operations role. In November 1981, the 78th began strategic aerial refueling and airlift operations. In December 1989 it refueled aircraft on way to Panama during Operation Just Cause. During Operation Desert Shield in 1990, its crews refueled more than a hundred aircraft on their way from the United States to the Persian Gulf area and delivered passengers and cargo.

</doc>
<doc id="19147460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147460" title="Germinius of Sirmium">
Germinius of Sirmium

Germinius, born in Cyzicus, was bishop of Sirmium, (today the town Sremska Mitrovica, in the territory of Srem in Serbia) and a supporter of Homoian theology, which is often labelled as a form of Arianism. Along with Valens of Mursa and Ursacius of Singidunum he was responsible for drafting the theological statement known as the Blasphemy of Sirmium in 357. He also appears in the "Altercatio Heracliani laici cum Germinio episcopo Sirmiensi", which purports to be the minutes of a public disputation between Germinius and a Nicene layman called Heraclianus in January 366. He is believed to have died in 375 or 376.

</doc>
<doc id="19147471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147471" title="Koroshi dialect">
Koroshi dialect

The Koroshi dialect (Balochi: کوروشی), is a Northwestern Iranian language. The speakers of Koroshi live in scattered pockets in Southern Iranian Fars province. The number of speakers was roughly estimated to be 1000 in 2006. According to Ethnologue the language has 180 speaker within 40 to 50 families.
Phonology.
The transcription used here is only an approximation:
Grammar.
Nouns.
golâbi (pear) → golâbi-yok (the pear)<br>
bâmard (man) → bâmard-â (the man)
čok (child) → čokk-i (a child)
mardin (man) → mardin-gal (men)<br>
sib (apple) → sib-obâr (apples)
siyâhayn angur (black grape)<br>
qašanguveyn pirâhâm (beautiful shirt)

</doc>
<doc id="19147487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147487" title="2008 Brownlow Medal">
2008 Brownlow Medal

The 2008 Brownlow Medal was awarded to Adam Cooney of the Western Bulldogs, who was adjudged to have been the best and fairest player during the 2008 Australian Football League home and away season. It is the most prestigious individual award in Australian rules football and was held at the Crown Palladium in Melbourne, Victoria on 22 September 2008. Cooney polled 24 votes, one ahead of Brisbane's Simon Black, who won the award in 2002 and was equal second in 2007. Pre-vote favourite Gary Ablett and sentimental favourite Matthew Richardson finished equal third on 22 votes.
Voting Procedure.
The three field umpires (those umpires who control the flow of the game, as opposed to goal or boundary umpires) confer after each match and award 3 votes, 2 votes and 1 vote to the players they regard as the best, second best and third best in the match respectively.
Ineligible players.
As the award is for the Best and "Fairest" player in the league, players found guilty of a suspendable offence by the AFL Tribunal are ineligible to win the award. In 2008 many of the leading contenders including Coleman Medallist Lance Franklin, Sam Mitchell, Adam Goodes, Brett Burton and Daniel Kerr all were found guilty of an offence and are ineligible to win the medal.
Pre-count betting.
Despite changing clubs after the 2007 season, Chris Judd was installed as the early favourite when betting opened, but as the season progressed Gary Ablett, Jr. became a short-priced favourite. When Ablett injured his ankle and missed three matches, Brent Harvey moved to outright favourite. By the end of the season however, Ablett had returned to favouritism, with 2007 winner Jimmy Bartel, Harvey and Adam Cooney close behind.

</doc>
<doc id="19147491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147491" title="Zdenko Kolar">
Zdenko Kolar

Zdenko Kolar is a Serbian bass guitarist, most notable as the member of Idoli and Zona B.
Biography.
Kolar was born in Zemun in 1956 where he lived until 1963 when he moved to inner town in Belgrade. He moved to a building where two of his future bandmates lived, Vlada Divljan and Boža Jovanović. In an interview Kolar noted that Divljan was the first boy he had met in his new neighborhood on the day his family was moving in.
First musical steps.
In 1968 Divljan decided to take up playing and so did Kolar. Divljan managed to get a mandolin and later bought a guitar while Kolar got his first guitar by getting a vacuum cleaner on a newspaper lottery. His parents sold the vacuum cleaner and bought him a guitar. The two started learning how to play while watching others play in their neighborhood at the places where the young were gathering. Later they went to a guitar course at RU "Braća Stamenković" held by professor Branko Perišić.
In the meantime Kolar, Divljan and Boža Jovanović formed a band called Faraoni (Pharaohs) as Divljan at the time had a necklace from Egypt. The band was soon renamed to Hoplipe when the three found out there was a popular band from Kopar called Faraoni. In May 1969 the three had a very successful appearance at their school which Zdenko credits as the beginning of his musical career.
Zvuk Ulice.
The first serious band Kolar and Divljan formed in 1976 called MARILYN (after youthful infatuation with Marilyn Monroe - but the first concert that was to be played in I Bgd Gimnasia featured newly ordered T-shirts from USA which came misspelled, so the name was promptly changed to MERLIN (the magician)) which was soon renamed to Zvuk Ulice. The lineup featured Vlada Divljan first only on guitar and vocals, Kolar on bass, Kokan Popović on drums, Dragan Mitrić on keyboards, Bora Antić on saxophone and Dragana Milković on piano and vocals.
The band played a combination of melodic rock, hard rock and jazz rock. Beside their own tracks they also performed songs by The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix, etc.
The band had recording sessions at Radio Belgrade and the recordings were broadcast on radio stations, but were never released. They performed at the last BOOM festival in Novi Sad and Zaječar Guitar festival in 1979. Since the drummer, Kokan Popović, had to go to serve the Yugoslav People's Army the band split up.
Dečaci plus Bradonje, Idoli.
In late 1979 Divljan created a conceptual band called Dečaci (The Boys) with Nebojša Krstić and Srđan Šaper. The three, with Dragan Papić who was a kind of media activist. He published photographs of Dečaci in youth magazines "Vidici" and "Izgled". In the meantime the three tried to play together but without progress. Then Divljan invited Kolar and Boža Jovanović to join the band and, since the both Kolar and Jovanović wore beards, the band was renamed to Dečaci plus Bradonje (The Boys plus The Bearded).
On March 1, 1980 the band was renamed to Idoli on the first official rehearsal held that day. A month later Papić made a deal with "Vidici" to finance the recording of the first Idoli single which was released as a present with a copy of the magazine. The single "Pomoć, pomoć" / "Retko te viđam sa devojkama" became a local hit. The next single was released for Jugoton and performed the Subotica Youth festival with the song "Zašto su danas devojke ljute".
In the meantime Idoli, with Električni Orgazam and Šarlo Akrobata participated the "Paket aranžman" compilation. Kolar was credited as writer on the track "Amerika" which appeared to be the only Idoli song he appeared as writer. The release proved to be one of the most influential Yugoslav rock releases. The band also prepared their debut record which came out to be a six song EP entitled VIS Idoli it was a huge success and was sold in about 200.000. After the release of the EP, Jovanović left the band and was replaced by Kolar's and Divljan's former band mate Kokan Popović.
In late 1981 the band entered the studio to record their first long play album. "Odbrana i poslednji dani" was released in early 1982 and proved to be a high appreciated album by the critics and a part of the fans, but due to non-commercial approach and sound, considered a failure by Jugoton. The album was voted the best in 1982 and had the best album design. In 1985 "Džuboks" magazine voted the album to be the best Yugoslav rock album of the 20th century. The band had a tour following the record release after which Kolar left the band to serve the Yugoslav People's Army and was replaced by Branko Isaković.
By the time Kolar came back from the army, the band had already split up. Together with Branko Isaković, Kolar recorded bass parts on the last Idoli release which is the "Šest dana juna" soundtrack album. After Idoli split up, Kolar took a break with playing and got employed as trolley bus driver. He also worked as an actor in TV commercials.
Zona B, work with Vlada Divljan.
In 1987 Kolar joined a blues band Zona B. In 1989 after several lineup changes the band featured Jovan Savić Lole (vocals), Dušan Bezuha Duda (guitar), Tomislav Rakijaš Toma (guitar), Vladimir Filipović Buca (keyboards), Dušan Ristic-Rista (drums), and Zdenko Kolar-Zdene (bass guitar). The band performed blues classics on numerous appearances in Serbia and became one of the greatest Serbian club attractions. Kolar also played in Vlada Divljan's band on "Tajni život A. P. Šandorova" tour.
In 1991 Zona B released their debut album entitled "Bestseller" featuring cover versions of blues classics. The album was released by PGP RTB and was produced by Dušan Bezuha. The next release was also a cover album, "Juke-Box" (released in 1993), this time featuring two Zona B songs written by Bezuha and Savić, My Woman and Don't Put Me Down. This release was the last featuring Savić, Rakijaš and Filipović.
In 1995 Kolar became the bassist of the Vlada Divljan backing band called the Old Stars Band also featuring Aleksandar Šandorov (keyboards), Srđan Gojković Gile (guitar, vocals), Marko Milivojević (drums) and Boris Bunjac (percussion). The band had two concerts at Novi Sad sad Studio "M", an NS Plus Unplugged and a regular show with electric equipment on January 18 and 23, 1996. The material recorded from the shows was released on a live album entitled "Odbrana i zaštita" released through B92 Records records. Divljan returned to Australia and Kolar continued working with Zona B. Kolar also appeared in the "Lepa sela lepo gore" movie as Mirovnjak and "Sudbina jednog razuma" TV drama in 1996. He also appeared on the Električni Orgazam unplugged album as the band announcer.
The second time Divljan returned to Yugoslavia Kolar and the rest of the Old Stars Band recorded a soundtrack album for "Tri palme za dve bitange i ribicu" ("Three Palms Trees On The Isle Of Happiness"). They also had a successful tour in Slovenia in July 1998. When the tour ended Divljan and the Old Stars Band entered the studio in Novi Sad and recorded the "Sve laži sveta" album which was released in 2000 due to political situation in the country. In the meantime Vlada Divljan moved to Vienna.
Petar Pera Zarija (vocals), Pop Mašina and Rok Mašina former member Zoran Božinović (guitar, vocals) - brother of guitarist Vidoja Božinović (Dim Bez Vatre, Pop Mašina, Dah, Opus, Rok Mašina and Riblja Čorba), and Ljuba Đordević (harmonica) became new Zona B members. The new lineup performed the song "Negde daleko", which is a cover of a Pop Mašina hit, which appeared on the Blues Summit Coupe Vol. 1 compilation. By the time "Pirat" was released, Đordević left the band so the band featured guitarist and producer Dragan Dadi Stojanović in 1999.
In 2002 Vlada Divljan started working on the Die Tonzentrale project featuring Kolar on bass. The album came out in 2003 as "Vlada Divljan presents Die Tonzentrale". The style of the album was a combination of jazz, blues, pop, rock and electronic music. Zona B released a new record "Original" featuring only Zona B tracks in 2005. The album, like the previous was released by Duda Bezuha. Kolar also appeared as guest on Električni Orgazam album "Harmonajzer" in 2002 as backing vocalist.
In 2007 Zona B released the "Devil Blues" album and celebrated their 20th anniversary. The album design was done by Kolar. He also performed with the Old Stars Band, later reformed as Vlada Divljan & Nevladina Organizacija.

</doc>
<doc id="19147500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147500" title="Mark Kyle">
Mark Kyle

Mark Kyle is a semi-retired American professional wrestler, known by his ring name Killer Kyle, who has competed in Southeastern independent wrestling promotions including Music City Wrestling, Southern States Wrestling, Smoky Mountain Wrestling as well as brief stints in Total Nonstop Action, World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation. In 1993, he also appeared for the Japanese promotion W*ING.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Mark Kyle made his professional debut for Continental Championship Wrestling as Pvt. Mark Kyle. His earliest match was against Danny Davis on May 28, 1988. He began wrestling for Jim Crockett Promotions within two years. On January 16, 1990, he made his first WCW appearance at the Center Stage Theatre in Atlanta where he and Rick Fargo lost to The Rock 'n' Roll Express (Ricky Morton & Robert Gibson). He also received matches against NWA World Tag Team Champions The Steiner Brothers (Rick & Scott Steiner) with Brad Batten on January 31 and Ned Brady on February 17. He also teamed with Jerry Rose and Bob Cook in a 6-man tag team match against Mike Rotunda, Norman the Lunatic and Abdullah the Butcher at the Georgia Mountains Center in Gainesville, Georgia on April 2.
In July 1990, he appeared on "NWA Worldwide" against Star Blazer and, with Fred Avery, against The Southern Boys (Steve Armstrong & Tracy Smothers). He also faced Hector Guerrero that same year.
Smoky Mountain Wrestling.
Kyle made his debut in Smoky Mountain Wrestling during early-1992 and was eventually introduced as the bodyguard of Jim Cornette. In one of the first episodes of SMW's weekly television show, Kyle pinned Keith Hart in Knoxville on March 28. On May 16, Kyle pinned Rex Hargrove in Hazard, Kentucky and defeated Tommy Angel at a SMW television taping in Spartanburg, South Carolina later that month. During the first weeks of June, he would suffer losses to Dixie Dynamite, Robert Gibson and Hector Guerrero.
At a June 15 taping at Cumberland High School in Cumberland, Kentucky, Kyle defeated Danny Davis. Davis had fought to a no-contest with Dixie Dynamite against The Batten Twins (Bart & Brad Batten) earlier that night. Along with Joe Cazana, Kyle would face Brad & Bart Batten the following week at a house show held at the Raleigh County Armory in Beckley, West Virginia.
On July 6, Kyle lost another match to Dixie Dynamite at Polk High School television taping in Benton, Tennessee. He and Joe Cazana lost to The Fantastics (Bobby & Jackie Fulton) at Durango Park in Knoxville, Tennessee a week later. At "Summer Blast '92", he fought to a draw with Danny Davis at the Knoxville City Coliseum in front of 1,000 fans.
Feuding with Dixie Dynamite, Kyle pinned him in a "taped fist" match in Richwood, West Virginia on August 5. Although losing to him in Castlewood, Virginia two days later, he defeated him at "Fire on the Mountain '92" at Freedom Hall in Johnson City, Tennessee on August 8. Defeating Dixie Dynamite in another "taped fist" match at the Raleigh County Armory the next night, Kyle also beat Tommy Angel by submission at Polk High School on August 10.
By the end of the month however, Kyle suffered a disqualification loss to Dixie Dynamite during a match at James A. Cawood High School in Harlan, Kentucky and again in the third round of a boxing match at the Raleigh County Armory. He lost another match to Dixie Dynamite on September 4 when he was unable to pin his opponent within the 15 minute time limit. He also lost to Dixie Dynamite by disqualification in a second boxing match at Dobbins Bennett High School in Kingsport, Tennessee. He and The Heavenly Bodies (Stan Lane & Tom Prichard) teamed to defeat Brian Lee, Tim Horner and Dixie Dynamite in a 6-man tag team match when Kyle pinned Brian Lee at the Raleigh County Armory on September 6. However, he lost to Dixie Dynamite the next night at Lincoln High School in Shinnston, West Virginia with 1,100 in attendance.
On September 12, Kyle pinned Mike Sampson at Cumberland High School. Although disqualified in a match in Johnson City against Brian Lee a week later, he beat Newton Stephie at East High School in Morristown, Tennessee on September 27. In late-October, he also faced Robbie Eagle and Ronnie Garvin.
In early-1993, Kyle faced both Tim Horner and Brian Lee in failed attempts to win the SMW "Beat the Champ" Television Championship. He would also face Brian Armstrong and Jerry Lynn in both their SMW debuts. He and Tracy Smothers toured Japan as part of a talent exchange agreement between SMW and W!ING. He first tour took place between March 18 to April 6 and, during his second tour in May, he challenged Yukihiro Kanemura for the WWC Caribbean Heavyweight Championship at the JR Gym in Kanazawa, Japan but lost via disqualification.
At "Volunteer Slam II", he beat Robert Fuller at the Knoxville Civic Auditorium by disqualification on May 9. He later participated in the main event, the 10-man "Rage in the Cage" match, teaming with Kevin Sullivan, The Tazmaniac and The Heavenly Bodies against Jimmy Golden, Brian Lee, Robert Fuller and The Rock 'n' Roll Express. He also pinned Bobby Blaze at "Last Tango in Tennessee" in Johnson City less than a week later. On August 15, he faced Brian Anderson in his SMW debut match. In October, he faced Gator McCallister, Tim Horner and The Bullet who agreed to unmask if he lost to Kyle. On November 13, he faced Bobby Blaze with Chris Candido in his corner.
On February 7, 1994, Kyle defeated The Hornet for the SMW "Beat the Champ" Television Championship in Jellico, Tennessee. Losing the title to Mike Furnas in Dungannon, Virginia a month later, he also faced SMW Heavyweight Champion "Dirty White Boy" Tony Anthony in early-1994 but failed to win the title. On April 1, Kyle defeated Anthony Michaels at "Blue Grass Brawl II" at the Pikeville County Gym. He and Dark Secret faced the Rock 'n' Roll Express three weeks later.
He also lost to Doug Furnas at the "Night of Legends" supercard on August 5 Later that month, he faced Tony Anthony for the SMW Heavyweight title. Kyle also faced him in a tag team match with Bruiser Bedlam against Anthony and Tracy Smothers. He was briefly aligned with The Gangstas (New Jack & Mustafa Saed) during the brief feud with The Undertaker. In one memorable interview, he accompanied New Jack and D-Lo Brown to a local cemetery where they were momentarily frightened by a black cat which had appeared on camera during New Jack's promo. In December, Kyle made a brief return to WCW losing to Jim Duggan at a house show in Dalton, Georgia on December 6 and, two days later, lost to Sting at the Center Stage Theatre in Atlanta. Both matches were later aired on "WCW Saturday Night" and "WCW Main Event".
Kyle defeated Boo Bradley to win the vacant SMW "Beat the Champ" Television title in Lenoir, North Carolina on February 6, 1995. He defended the title for two months before losing to Bobby Blaze in Pikeville, Kentucky on April 7. On that same day, he also lost to Boo Bradley at "Blue Grass Brawl III". At "Volunteer Slam IV", he lost to Boo Bradley in a dog collar match at the Knoxville Civic Auditorium on May 19. He again returned to WCW appearing on "WCW Pro" to team with Johnny Swinger against The American Males (Scotty Riggs & Marcus Alexander Bagwell) on September 16 and Road Warrior Hawk on "Monday Night Nitro" the following month.
Independent circuit and semi-retirement.
Following the close of Smoky Mountain Wrestling in November 1995, Kyle spent the next few years in various independent promotions including Southern States Wrestling where he faced Wahoo McDaniel. This match was later released on DVD as "Superstars and Legends, Vol. 1" years later. He also had brief appearances in Music City Wrestling and later for Ron's Championship Wrestling, Ultimate Championship Wrestling and North American Championship Wrestling. In 1999, he would briefly team with Luther Biggs as Hard Knox with manager Coach Buzz Stern.
On February 2, 2008, Kyle appeared for Knoxville Area Professional Organized Wrestling at its "World War Lenoir" card at the National Guard Armory in Lenoir City, Tennessee. The show also featured Samoa Joe, Mr. Wrestling III and a number of East Tennessee independent wrestlers.

</doc>
<doc id="19147510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147510" title="London Buses route K3">
London Buses route K3

London Buses route K3 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, United Kingdom. The service is currently contracted to Abellio London.
History.
Route K3 is part of the K-prefix network of services run around Kingston upon Thames, introduced in 1987.
Since its introduction, route K3 has been operated by companies related to London United. At first Westlink, who they purchased, then by London United themselves. It is now run by its direct successor, Transdev London. Westlink used a variety of minibuses, predominately MCW Metroriders. When London United took over, the service was run by Plaxton Pointer bodied Dennis Darts. Low floor vehicles were introduced following the new contract in 2001, with a batch of Plaxton Pointer 2 bodied Dennis Dart SLF single deckers were introduced.
The route has remained much in its current format between Esher and Roehampton Vale since its introduction. In 1993 however, saw some routes switch between Surbiton and Kingston, K3 swapping its route with the more direct K4. Another route change was from November 1997, when the Sunday service was extended much further into Surrey, running every two hours from Esher via Hersham and Weybridge to Byfleet. This extension lasted a couple of years until its withdrawal.
On 29 June 2013, Abellio London commenced operating route K3 with new Alexander Dennis Enviro200 Dart single deckers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19147533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147533" title="Santa María de la Oliva">
Santa María de la Oliva

The abbey of Santa María la Real de la Oliva, or simply "La Oliva", is an active Cistercian monastery in Carcastillo, Navarre, Spain.
Construction at the site is attributed first in 1134 to King García Ramírez of Navarre, known as "the restorer".
This king died in 1150 and the same year the abbey was founded, or refounded, as an offshoot of the Morimond and Escaladieu Abbeys.
It is protected as a historic monument ("Ex-monasterio Cisterciense de Santa María de la Oliva").
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19147546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147546" title="Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Malta participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. The Maltese broadcaster, Public Broadcasting Services (PBS) held a national final, GO Malta EuroSong 2009, to select the Maltese entry for the Eurovision Song Contest, set to be held in Moscow, Russia. Chiara won the place to represent Malta in the early hours of 8 February 2009, and represented Malta for the third time with the song "What If We".
Background.
Malta made its debut at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1971. Having come last twice in a row, Malta withdrew in 1973 for two years, before returning in 1975 to do slightly better. Afterwards Malta withdrew from the contest, not making their return until 16 years later in 1991, when Georgina & Paul Giordimaina came sixth, their best place at that point. There have been a total of 21 Maltese entries at Eurovision, with the 2009 entry marking the 23rd. There has since been no gap in its participation at the contest since the 1991 contest, and one of only six to compete in every contest since the introduction of relegation in 1993.
Malta is one of Eurovision's most successful countries not to have won, having come second and third twice. Their most successful entries at the contest were "Angel" by Chiara and "7th Wonder" by Ira Losco, which came second in 2005 and 2002 respectively. Chiara came third in 1998 with her song The One That I Love, after one of Eurovison's most exciting voting sessions. Malta's worst result has been last, which they have achieved on three occasions, in 1971, 1972 and 2006.
GO Malta EuroSong 2009.
PBS decided on a new format for its national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. Maltese songwriters would be allowed to submit up to two songs per singer, though only one singer will be allowed on stage. Submissions were accepted on from 13 October to 14 October 2008 at the PBS offices in G’Mangia. From 23 October to 26 October and 1 November to 2 November, 80 songs were chosen internally for the second phase. In the second phase, the 80 songs would be presented in ten weekly televised shows, titled "Euro Showbox" to be held on 8, 15, 29 November, 6, 13, 20 December and 10 January 2009. A jury will choose 15 entries to move on to the national final, while another five entries will be given a wildcard through televoting. The national final on 7 February will contain 20 songs and a jury will choose three of them to go on to the "super-final", where televoting will determine the winner. The votes given by the juries in the previous round, however, will be kept and tallied along with the televotes. The eventual winner will represent Malta in Moscow. 182 songs were received by PBS, 43 less than last year. 
However PBS later changed the format for the show and instead of 80 songs taking part, only 56 out of the 182 songs submitted would be featured in the heats, now reduced from ten to eight. Each of the eight heats will include 7 songs, with the top 20 still going to the final of the contest. After discussions with the Union of Maltese Singers and Songwriters (UKAM), only one song per artist will be allowed in the final of the contest. 
15 entries from the 56 have been selected by another jury, which will qualify for the final. Five more songs will be selected by televoting, and all 20 songs that qualify for the final will be announced on the final heat.
Many former Malta Song for Europe contestants entered a song to PBS. The 56 songs that were chosen were revealed on 27 October, with many known names to both Eurovision and The Malta Song for Europe being present once again. Former Maltese entrant Chiara Siracusa, who came second and third for Malta in 2005 and 1998 respectively, entered the contest again. 2008's second and third place artist Claudia Faniello had re-entered, singing as well as writing for other competing artists. Famous German Eurovision composers Ralph Siegel and Bernd Meinunger (under the pseudonynym "John O'Flynn") submitted entries to PBS, which made it through to the semi-finals,the refrain of one of the songs written by them "Innocent Heart" sung by a new face in the festival Ruth Portelli was used in the song Just Get Out of My Life. Famous Maltese songwriting duo Philip Vella and Gerard James Borg,wrote songs together, apart and with other songwriters. 
Heats.
After the initial line-up of Euro Showbox was confirmed, changes occurred in its line-up. In the first heat, Klinsmann, instead of singing the initial "Butterfly Sky", sang "Rock and Rise", which had been planned to be performed in the last heat. Chiara was then moved to perform in the seventh heat of Euro Showbox on 3 January 2009, switching places with Maria Mallia, due to Chiara encountering some problems.
Heat 1.
The first heat of Euro Showbox was held on 8 November 2008, and featured a total of seven songs. The first song was the operatic ballad "Lament", performed by Ludwig Galea along with Fidela tal-Bambinu. Galea had previously represented Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004. The second song was "I'm In Heaven", performed by Dominic Cini. It began as a ballad, but transformed into a swing song. The third song, "Tonight at the Opera" by the Classic Rebels, was a schlager song, written by the past Eurovision composers Ralph Siegel and Bernd Meinunger (as "John O'Flynn"). The fourth song was Klinsmann with the pop-rock song "Rock and Rise". The fifth song was Talitha Dimech's "Earth and Sky", which begins as a ballad before becoming more up-tempo. The sixth song was the mid-tempo ballad "One Million Ways" by Rosman Pace, and the final song was "Falling in Love" by Francesca Borg, a ballad which features Borg alone in a black dress.
The Classic Rebels and Rosman Pace qualified to the final, with the other acts being eliminated from the competition.
Controversy arose after the heat had been broadcast, after it was revealed that the incorrect SMS numbers had been displayed on screen. As such, a 20-minute voting window was opened at the beginning of the second heat the following week for a re-vote.
Heat 2.
Euro Showbox's second heat was held on 15 November 2008, featuring seven songs. 
The first song of the night was the Pop song "Live for Today" performed by quintet "Q". The song was composed by Fleur Balzan and Paul Giordimaina, who represented Malta in the 1991 Eurovision Song Contest. They were followed by Josmar, performing "Circus". Jessica Muscat sang "Smoke-screen", a pop-rock ballad, composed by Eurovision veterans Philip Vella and Gerard James Borg. The fourth song was the ballad "To Be Myself", sung by Georgina. She represented Malta in 1991 alongside Paul Giordimaina. 
Laura Bruno, a newcomer to Maltese Eurovision selection, performed her song, "Something About You", composed by Vella and Borg. The penultimate song was "Castaway", performed by Marija Galdes. The final song of the second heat was Vittorio & Dorothy's ballad "Promises".
Only Vittorio & Dorothy were able to qualify to the final, with all other entries leaving the competition.
Heat 3.
Euro Showbox held its third heat on 29 November. PBS paused between the second and third heats in order to broadcast Malta's participation in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008.
Trilogy performed first with a schlager ballad, "The Song in Your Heart". This was followed by a classically inspired Pop song, "Mozart Revives" interpreted by Dorothy Bezzina. She was followed by Derrick Schembri and Yanika Fava with "For A Moment", composed by Philip Vella and Rita Pace. The song begins as a ballad, developing into an up-tempo dance number. Jo Zette, a Maltese drag act, performed the fourth song of the evening, "I'm Me". It was composed by Steve Compagno and Noel Zammit and is an anthemic Pop song about being true to yourself. Philip Vella then performed his second song of the evening, Evita Magri's "Sexy Girls". Trevor Fenech and Claudia Faniello composed the penultimate song, "This Ain't a Love Song" performed by Christian Arding. The final contestant was Gloriana Arpa Belli, performing "Love Was Made of Clay", composed by Renato Briffa and Doris Chetcuti. 
Trilogy were the only act from this semi-final to qualify for the final, with all others leaving the contest.
Final.
The final of GO Malta EuroSong 2009 was held on 7 February. The 20 finalists from the semi-finals were revealed at the last semi-final of Euro ShowBox on 10 January, along with the order they will perform in.
The rules for the final were revealed at a press conference held by PBS on 12 January. The show will be held by Pablo Micallef and Valerie Vella, to be held in Ta' Qali. From the final, three songs were selected by a jury to compete to a Super Final, where 100% televoting will select the winner, who will represent Malta at the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest in Russia.
A number of local Maltese artists and bands performed during the interval, namely Niki Gravino, Airport Impressions, the Yada Dance Company, Crisitina Casolani & Toby, The Riffs and Morena, last year's Maltese Eurovision entry. Two international entries also performed during the show: this year's Turkish entry Hadise performed her Eurovision entry "Düm Tek Tek" during the show, and the United Kingdom's entry, Jade Ewen also performed "My Time", the UK entry, during the show. An interview with Andrew Lloyd Webber, the composer of the UK song, was also shown.
After the first performances, five international juries ranked all 20 songs in order of preference, giving 22 points to their favourite entry, 20 points their second favourite, followed by 18 etc. until 1 point was gioven to their least favourite entry. A sixth set of votes was also added to the votes, which were based upon the televoting figures from the semi-finals.
Amongst the international juries was Linda Martin, who won the 1992 Eurovision Song Contest for Ireland with the song "Why Me?", and Nicki French, who represented the United Kingdom in 2000 with "Don't Play That Song Again".
Chiara, Q and Eleanor Cassar were selected by the jury to qualify to the Super Final.
Super Final.
At the super final, the three remaining acts performed again, with the public choosing the winner who would represent Malta at Eurovision. Chiara was the winner, with her song "What If We". Eleanor Cassar placed second, and Q finished third.
Promotion.
After winning Eurosong, Chiara will promote her entry in other countries before performing at Eurovision. Her first stop was at the Greek national final, held on the 18 February, where she performed her Eurovision entry "What If We" alongside acts from six other countries. She later performed at the Bosnia and Herzegovina song presentation on 1 March.
At Eurovision.
Since Malta is not one of the "Big Four" nor the host of the 2009 contest, it had compete in the first semi-final of the contest on 12 May 2009. Malta performed 17th in the running order, following Portugal and preceding Bosnia and Herzegovina. It won a place in the final but eventually finished in 22nd place.
TVM has revealed that the Maltese votes will be announced at the final of the contest by TV presenter and producer Pauline Agius.

</doc>
<doc id="19147561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147561" title="Maleng language">
Maleng language

Maleng, also known as Pakatan and Bo, is a Vietic language of Laos and Vietnam.
Maleng has the four-way register system of Thavung augmented with pitch.[http://sealang.net/mk/vietic.htm]
"Malieng", despite having the same name as Maleng, is a dialect of Chut (Chamberlain 2003, Sidwell 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19147563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147563" title="Thorburn, Nova Scotia">
Thorburn, Nova Scotia

The Community.
This small rural Nova Scotia town has a hair salon, sports arena, a few churches, a fire hall and a pizza and convenience store called Pete's Pizza. It is home to several farms and is also the hometown of actor Mike Smith, who plays the character Bubbles on the hit Canadian television show Trailer Park Boys. The community is about 10 minutes from the town of New Glasgow, Nova Scotia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19147587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147587" title="Gates, British Columbia">
Gates, British Columbia

Gates is an unincorporated rural-recreational community in the Gates Valley of the Lillooet Country in the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada. It is located about midway along the length of the Gates River, between the communities of Birken and D'Arcy.

</doc>
<doc id="19147590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147590" title="Dead Set">
Dead Set

Dead Set is a critically acclaimed BAFTA-nominated British television horror drama created by Charlie Brooker. The show takes place primarily on the set of a fictional series of the real television show "Big Brother". The five episodes, aired over five consecutive nights, chronicle a zombie outbreak that strands the housemates and production staff inside the "Big Brother" House, which quickly becomes a shelter from the undead.
"Dead Set" is a production of Zeppotron, part of the Endemol group of production and distribution companies that produces the actual "Big Brother". The series first aired on E4 starting on 27 October 2008, just six weeks after the end of "Big Brother 2008" on that same channel.
Production.
Although the real Big Brother House is in Elstree Studios, Borehamwood, the house featured in "Dead Set" is a purpose built set on a former military base in Virginia Water, Surrey, owned by QinetiQ. This site has also housed other productions including "Holby Blue", "Primeval" and "Echo Beach". Filming for the series took place over the summer of 2008. Pippa's eviction was filmed outside the real "Big Brother" house during Belinda's eviction - in front of a real Friday night eviction audience - leading to a small continuity error as the "Big Brother" series 9 logo was visible instead of the fictional version.
According to the DVD release, scenes featuring the undead Davina McCall were filmed in one day, and the bodies lying around the corridor during the scene were created with SFX dummies (besides Eugene Sully's, which McCall is seen feasting on). McCall stated that she was covered in bruises the next day, due to hammering on the door in several scenes. She based her zombie-running style on the T-1000 from the 1991 film "". As she was restricted to only one day's filming, a dummy of McCall was used in some scenes for which she was unavailable.
Filming of the series was found to be difficult, due to budgetary constraints. Some extras were redressed to play different zombies due to the cost of the contact lenses used as zombie eyes; and the scene in Episode 2 in which Alex and Riq's car breaks down was originally meant to be an explosive car crash. Many of the zombies featured in the crowd scenes - including the final assault on the house - were volunteers recruited through "Dead Set" creator Charlie Brooker's Facebook group.
A map for the Borehamwood region, the site of the real "Big Brother" House, was added to the "Urban Dead" MMORPG - with a competition to win a copy of the DVD as part of the promotion of the series.
Release.
UK broadcasts.
A website for "Dead Set" was launched on 17 September 2008, containing pictures, videos and competitions relating to the show. There also was a viral marketing site at UnseenScreen.com. Advertisements for the show were aired on E4 and its parent, Channel 4. The series launched on E4 on 27 October 2008
"Dead Set" was repeated on Channel 4 from 6 to 8 January 2009, reformatted into three-hour-long episodes. All five episodes were broadcast consecutively as a Halloween feature length (2.5 hours) version on E4 on 31 October 2009. This was done again on 30 October 2011.
Home media.
The entire series was released on one DVD on 3 November 2008. The running time for the DVD is 141 minutes.
The DVD extras included interviews with the director, writer and cast, behind-the-scenes and special effects featurettes, and a selection of deleted and extended scenes, including:
Reception.
"Dead Set" has been acclaimed by critics and the public alike. It was nominated for a BAFTA for "Best Drama Serial", but lost out to "Criminal Justice". The first episode, at its peak, received just under one and a half million viewers and 8.3% total audience share. Series average: 844,166 viewers (664,833 on E4, 179,333 on E4 +1). Series omnibus: 267,000 viewers (213,000 viewers on E4, 54,000 on E4+1.
Simon Pegg, a co-writer and star of the zombie comedy film "Shaun of the Dead", commented on "Dead Set" for "The Guardian". While generally praising the series, he expressed dismay at the move away from the traditional slow zombies of the Romero films to the modern 'fast zombie' used in "Dead Set" which were akin to the infected from "28 Days Later" or the zombies from the 2004 "Dawn of the Dead" remake. Brooker responded that this was due to a variety of reasons, including budgetary constraints, the fact that "Dead Set" had to differentiate itself from "Shaun of the Dead", as well as the plot requiring that the infection could put the entire country out of action before the producers had time to evacuate the studios. He also cited two George Romero films in which the zombies behaved non-traditionally, including a scene in the original "Dawn of the Dead" where two zombie children run.

</doc>
<doc id="19147591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147591" title="Luis Valbuena">
Luis Valbuena

Luis Adan Valbuena (born November 30, 1985) is a Venezuelan Major League Baseball infielder for the Chicago Cubs.
Professional career.
Seattle Mariners (2008).
Valbuena began his professional career in the Seattle Mariners organization in 2005. He was first promoted to the major leagues on September 1, , from the Mariners' Triple-A team, the Tacoma Rainiers. 
Cleveland Indians (2009-2011).
On December 10, 2008, he was traded to the Cleveland Indians in a three-team trade that sent Franklin Gutiérrez to Seattle.
Valbuena's first Major League home run came off of Bartolo Colón.
In July 2011, the Indians optioned Valbuena to Triple-A Columbus, to make room for the promotion of rookie second baseman Jason Kipnis.
In August 2011, Valbuena was recalled after Kipnis was put on the disabled list with an oblique injury. He was designated for assignment and removed from the 40-man roster on November 18, 2011. On November 26, 2011, he was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays for cash considerations.
Chicago Cubs (2012-).
2012.
On April 4, 2012, Valbuena was claimed off waivers by the Chicago Cubs after being optioned by the Blue Jays. He was outrighted to the minors on April 7. Valbuena was called up from the Triple-A Iowa Cubs on June 14.
Valbuena's main position will be third base and he will occasionally utilize the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19147607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147607" title="USNS Impeccable (T-AGOS-23)">
USNS Impeccable (T-AGOS-23)

USNS "Impeccable" (T-AGOS-23) is an "Impeccable"-class ocean surveillance ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 2001 and assigned to Military Sealift Command’s Special Missions Program.
Construction.
"Impeccable" was built by American Shipbuilding, Tampa, Florida. The contract was awarded on 28 March 1991. The ship's keel was laid down on 15 March 1992, but the Tampa shipyards went bankrupt by November 1993. On 3 December 1992, the General Accounting Office published a report that concluded that T-AGOS 24-27 should not be built. Shortly afterwards the government decided to discontinue this class of ships, but the "Impeccable" was to be completed as the sole ship in its class. The hull was towed to Gulfport, Mississippi, in 1995 where it was finished by Halter Marine Inc. She was launched on 28 August 1998 and was delivered to the Navy on 22 March 2001 which assigned her to the Military Sealift Command (MSC) Special Missions Program.
Design.
The ship is a designated T-AGOS vessel built to tow a Surveillance Towed Array Sensor System. The ship's catamaran-type small waterplane area twin hull (SWATH) design prevents the vessel from rolling in heavy seas and gives additional deck space for storing the acoustic equipment.
Mission.
The mission of "Impeccable" is to directly support the Navy by using SURTASS passive and active low frequency sonar arrays to detect and track undersea threats. 
Operational history.
South China Sea incidents.
On March 5, 2009, the "Impeccable" was in the South China Sea monitoring submarine activity when it was approached by a People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) frigate, which crossed its bow at a range of approximately 100 yards without first making contact. This was followed less than two hours later by a Chinese Y-12 aircraft, conducting 11 flyovers of "Impeccable" at an altitude of and a range from . The frigate then crossed "Impeccable" bow again, this time at a range of approximately 400–500 yards.
On March 7, a Chinese intelligence ship contacted the "Impeccable" over bridge-to-bridge radio, calling her operations illegal and directing "Impeccable" to leave the area or "suffer the consequences."
On March 8, 2009, the "Impeccable" was 75 miles south of Hainan, China, when it was shadowed by five Chinese ships: a Bureau of Maritime Fisheries Patrol Vessel, a State Oceanographic Administration patrol vessel, a People's Liberation Army Navy ocean surveillance ship, and two Chinese-flagged naval trawlers, which maneuvered close to the "Impeccable", with two closing in to , waving Chinese flags, and ordering the "Impeccable" from the area. The "Impeccable" sprayed water at one of the nearest Chinese ships; the Chinese sailors stripped down to their underwear and their vessel closed in to within 25 feet of the American ship. Shortly after the incident, the "Impeccable" radioed the Chinese crews, informing them of its intentions to leave the area, and requesting a safe pass to travel. When it was trying to leave the area, however, the two Chinese trawlers dropped pieces of wood in the "Impeccable"'s path and stopped directly in front of it, forcing it to do an emergency stop to avoid a collision. Once the "Impeccable" got underway, the crew aboard one of the trawlers used a grappling hook to try to snag "Impeccable's" towed sonar array.
The United States lodged formal protests following the incident, stating that under international law, the U.S. military can conduct activities "in waters beyond the territorial sea of another state without prior notification or consent" including in an exclusive economic zone of another country. "The unprofessional maneuvers by Chinese vessels violated the requirement under international law to operate with due regard for the rights and safety of other lawful users of the ocean." China's Foreign Ministry responded that the Pentagon's complaint that five Chinese vessels had harassed the "Impeccable" were "totally inaccurate", although this claim was disputed by several released reports, which all state that the "Impeccable" was interfered with numerous times, both while operating in the area and when attempting to leave.
On March 12, 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama gave the go-ahead to send the guided missile destroyer USS "Chung-Hoon" (DDG-93) to the South China Sea to protect the "Impeccable" while operating in that area.
Hans M. Kristensen of the Federation of American Scientists has suggested that the incident may be related to the classified Type 093 submarine that the Chinese navy had recently deployed in the area.
Views on the legality of US and Chinese actions during these incidents.
China and the United States both maintain the rightfulness of their actions based on competing interpretations of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
Wang Dengping, political commissar of the Armament Department of Navy of the Chinese People's Liberation Army, condemned the "Impeccable's" activities, stating that "Innocent passage by naval vessels from other countries in the Territorial waters in the Special Economic Zone is acceptable, but not allowed otherwise" under the Convention. Chinese actions were further defended by Professor Ji Guoxing of Shanghai Jiao Tong University who, writing in "China Security", maintained that under the Convention, navigation rights in coastal countries' exclusive economic zones are "subject to the resource-related and environment-related laws and regulations of the coastal state," and China could exclude the "Impeccable" on this basis. Ji further asserted that the Convention's prohibition against gathering military intelligence in another country's territorial waters should be interpreted to also prohibit intelligence gathering in coastal countries' exclusive economic zones.
The United States by contrast, maintained that the Convention, which it has signed, but not yet ratified, authorizes activities such as those undertaken by "Impeccable".
Several legal experts also state that there is no legal foundation for China's claim that it can prevent foreign naval vessels from operating within its Exclusive Economic Zone. For example, Raul Pedrozo, writing in the "Chinese Journal of International Law", concludes that "all nations may legitimately engage in military activities in foreign exclusive economic zones, without prior notice to, or consent of, the coastal State concerned."
Honors and awards.
"Impeccable" personnel are qualified for the following medals:

</doc>
<doc id="19147622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147622" title="Sathon Road">
Sathon Road

Sathon Road (, usually Sathorn, also Satorn) is a major road that passes through Sathon district in central Bangkok, Thailand. It is an important transportation link between Phra Nakhon and Thonburi sides of Bangkok. 
Sathon Road is lined with skyscrapers and corporate offices, especially banking and finance related. Thai and International banks such as SMBC and Citicorp have their headquarters located along Sathon Road. Numerous 40+ story luxury condominiums line the street. It also has, along the South side, the embassies of Australia (37), Denmark (Soi 1), Germany (9), Malaysia (35), and Slovak Republic (25). The extensive Protestant Bangkok Bible College and a Roman Catholic church are in the south-west.
It consists of the eastbound Sathon Nuea Road (or North Sathon Road, belonging to Bang Rak district) and the westbound Sathon Tai Road (or South Sathon Road, belonging to Sathon district) separated by Khlong Sathon. 
The Silom Line of the BTS Skytrain also runs along most part of this road with stations Surasak and Saphan Taksin. The skytrain extension to the other side of Chao Phraya River opened to public in May 2009. The MRT Blue Line, Lumphini Station is at the other end near Rama IV Road. The Bangkok BRT Sathorn station is located on Narathiwat road, linked to Chong Nonsi BTS station by a new bridge.
The intersection between Sathon and Naradhiwas Rajanagarindra roads is a new commercial area filled with office buildings such as the Empire Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="19147626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147626" title="Characters of Xenogears">
Characters of Xenogears

This is a comprehensive listing of notable characters from the video game Xenogears, a role-playing video game originally released in 1998 by Square Enix for the PlayStation video game console. Kunihiko Tanaka was the lead character designer, while Tetsuya Takahashi and Masato Kato were the lead writers for the game. "Xenogears" was a commercial and critical success. In Japanese gaming magazine "Famitsu", "Xenogears" was voted the 16th best video game of all time by its readers in a poll held in 2006.
"Xenogears" follows the character Fei and his friends as they learn about Deus, a powerful, self aware interplanetary invasion system that crashed onto the planet ten thousand years before the game's story begins. Deus has been secretly controlling the gradually increasing population of the planet to oneday bring about its own resurrection. Fei and Elly are personalities which have been reincarnated throughout history in order to ensure that Deus never achieves its goal.
Characters.
The characters of "Xenogears" were designed to allude to many psychological concepts, notably of Freudian and Jungian psychology. There is also an important character bearing the name of French psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan. The most obvious allusion involves the nature of the game's protagonist, Fei Fong Wong, whose Freudian Id, ego and super-ego are discussed at length throughout the course of the game. Fei had subconsciously repressed his memories because of his torturous childhood. However, his desire to remember elements of his past eventually leads him to discover the truth about his identity and his relationship with the character known as Id. This repression also relates to the Jungian concept of the shadow. Distinctly Adlerian in nature, however, are the actions of certain characters, such as Ramsus, whose actions are driven by an inferiority complex that stems from unconscious 'nodes' that often permeate exterior behaviors of an individual. Although not distinctly psychological, allusions to the theories of Friedrich Nietzsche are also found in the game. For example, there is the concept of the eternal return, which, in "Xenogears", correlates to the recurrences of the Contact and the Antitype.
Main protagonists.
Fei Fong Wong.
Fei experiences frequent periods of memory loss and unknowingly has a split personality Id, a powerful individual who is the product of Fei's pain and anguish at a critically young age. This pain split his mind into three personas: the monster Id, the childlike "coward", and the artificial persona Fei, designed to shield the coward from reality. These personas were designed to map to the Freudian ideas of the id, ego and super-ego. As a child, Fei's mother was possessed by the spirit of Miang and experimented heavily with Fei as he was the "Contact". As the Contact, he is one of numerous reincarnations of , the sole survivor of the crash of the spaceship Eldridge thousands of years prior.
Abel, Fei's first incarnation, grew up along with the original Elehaym ten thousand years prior to the game's story. When they rebel against the world's ruler, Cain, both are killed by him. The second Contact, , appeared in the Zeboim era, four thousand years before the game starts. He was the creator of Emeralda, although his technology was destroyed by Miang and he went into hiding afterwards. During the Solaris War five hundred years prior to the game, the Contact appeared as , a painter. Joining the rebellion against Solaris, he meets Krelian and Sophia, the corresponding incarnation of Elehaym. When Sophia is killed during battle, Lacan decides to destroy the world, turning into Grahf and freeing the Contact to be reincarnated again later as Fei.
The character of Fei has been called "a mystery for the player to follow and solve on their own" by IGN. "Edge" said of Fei that he "in some ways, conforms to the classic stereotypical lead character, but we quickly discover he’s anything but a blank canvas. Within an hour of play Fei has leveled his home village in an act of brutal destruction, killing his best friends – who you were busily helping prepare for their wedding the next day."
The world of Xenogears was originally designed as more "pastoral" than the final result, and the village of Lahan was planned to have a "martial arts" feel. As the game's script was written this was changed, but the design of Fei, meant to fit in with the original conception, was not able to be revised in the time allotted and remained wearing a martial arts uniform. This led to director Tetsuya Takahashi feeling that his character design was out of place, especially in the latter half of the game. The version of Fei in Zeboim, Kim, was designed with a lab coat and modern Japanese clothing to demonstrate that Zeboim society was similar to modern society. Lacan was intended to have a different design than Fei, but due to time constraints was instead left with the same artwork, and was justified with the idea that Lacan's memories were shared with Fei, who projected his own self-image into them.
Elly Van Houten.
', nicknamed ', is a young skilled officer of Gebler who meets Fei in the forest near Lahan Village. Elly was leading an operation to steal a top-secret experiment gear from Kislev, but was forced to crash-land in Lahan, and was partially responsible for the destruction of the village. Her encounter with Fei changes her life forever. Elly is an optimist, and wants to help Fei, despite the fact that he is a land dweller, and she cannot leave the military. She is a competent fighter with her rods and has elemental ether attacks. Known as the "-Antitype-", she has been reincarnated numerous times throughout history along with Fei, her previous incarnation being , the Holy Mother of Nisan.
Citan Uzuki.
' is a medical doctor who lives up the mountain path from Lahan village with his wife, (granddaughter of the Shevat Guru Gaspar), and his daughter, . Despite living on the surface, Citan was actually born in Solaris, and his real name is '. Citan is a Solaris Guardian Angel, and is working under instructions from the Solaris Emperor to observe Fei to see if he will bring relief or destruction to the world. A very smart individual, Citan is responsible for the development of many of the Gears seen in the game. He has a history with number of individuals including Ramsus, Sigurd and Jessie. Citan initially fights with his bare fists but acquires a sword later in the game, during his combinations he is seen to move so fast he has afterimages trailing his movement. When using his sword, Citan always draws and strikes with it in a single motion. Citan's special techniques are known as "Arcane" magic.
Bart Fatima.
', nicknamed ', is the leader of a group of sand pirates who befriends Fei and Citan after shooting down a prison ship that they were on. Bart is the rightful heir to the kingdom of Aveh, his family having been forced out of the country by Ethos agent Shakhan a number of years before. He leads the sand pirates in their giant submarine Yggdrasil. Bart is constantly accompanied by his mentor and half-brother, , as well as the well-mannered . He uses a whip in battle. Bart and Sigurd are each missing an eye (Bart's left and Sigurd's right), and wear identical eyepatches.
Bart's ancestors and were fraternal twin brothers who founded Aveh, and were comrades of Lacan and Sophia during the rebellion against Solaris. Their names are a reference to Edgar Roni Figaro and Sabin Rene Figaro, characters from "Final Fantasy VI" who were created by "Xenogears" co-writer Kaori Tanaka.
Rico Banderas.
', nicknamed ', is a massive demi-human and champion Gear fighter in Nortune, the imperial capital of Kislev. He has a sturdy reputation, and his size can be frightening. Despite being a prisoner, his lifestyle is superior to that of many nobles and he appears to have a connection with the Kislev ruler. Rico is one of the game's strongest physical characters, but also the slowest and with one of the lower accuracy ratings.
Chu-Chu.
Once mistaken by Bart as a stuffed animal, was with Marguerite during the teenage girl's imprisonment in Fatima Castle. Her race once lived in the woods, but due to Solaris's activities, they became almost extinct. Some managed to escape to Shevat and live with Wiseman. Chu-Chu can grow to the size of a gear once the physical part of the limiter is removed. She has the unique ability to heal other gears, and doesn't need any fuel to fight, but has poor stats and no special attacks in "gear" form. She has romantic interest for Fei but none of the characters notice and it spooks Fei at first.
Main antagonists.
Deus.
Because of the nature of Deus, much of the game's controversy stems from Fei's goal of killing the god that created mankind. This plot was the main reason as to why there were questions of a North American release of the game.
Gazel Ministry.
The exists as the main governing body of Solaris. They were originally among the first human beings born on the planet. They were originally half of the core organic component of Deus, known as the 'Animus', and seek to realign with their respective 'Anima' (the Anima Relics).
Five hundred years before the events of the game, the Ministry were at odds with Miang, so they provided her to Shevat in exchange for the rebel army. Soon after this, they were killed by the mysterious Diabolos forces summoned by Grahf. Krelian eventually revived eight of the twelve ministers as computer data in the SOL-9000 after becoming part of Solaris.
Throughout the game the Ministry is fearful of Fei and seek to destroy him because Fei is the reincarnation of Lacan, who was responsible for their original demise. They show utter disdain towards Ramsus because of his constant failure to defeat Fei and call him 'Trash'. At the same time, they seek to resurrect their bodies using the main characters, who are their descendents. The Ministry eventually becomes at odds with Emperor Cain when he prevents them from using the 'Gaetia Key', a device that will resurrect God's paradise, Mahanon. Because of Miang and Krelian's manipulation of Ramsus, he assassinates Cain for them and the Ministry goes ahead and uses the Key. Howevever, once the key has been used, Krelian has no more use for them and has them promptly deleted, wiping them out permanently.
Grahf.
Calling himself "The Seeker of Power", is the persona of Lacan that split off after Lacan made contact with the Zohar five hundred years prior to the start of Xenogears. Grahf is the personification of Lacan's will but is not considered to be the "original" Lacan (i.e. the "Contact"). The Contact, instead, transmigrated to be reborn in the body of Fei Fong Wong.
Grahf's goal is to merge with Fei and thus reclaim his original form as "The Contact" then to awaken the weapon Deus and destroy all life. He came to the conclusion that this was the only path to freedom after his contact with the Existence as Lacan. Grahf learned the ability to pass on from body to body, thus granting him a form of eternal life.
Grahf discovers the new incarnation of the Contact in Fei when Fei is still a child and attempts to meld with him. However, Fei's father, Khan, attempts to stop him. During their battle, Fei was unable to contain the powers passed onto him by the Existence and released a force so powerful that Fei's mother was killed. Grahf then took Fei who had awakened as Id. Id then trained under Grahf as an assassin, until Khan caught up to them. Grahf then tried to merge with Id(Fei) but Khan fought back and in the end defeated Grahf, Grahf then took over Khans body, but not before Khan (as Wiseman) was able to take Fei to Lahan Village before the beginning of the game.
Although he no longer possesses the full potential of "The Contact," Grahf has immense strength and powers. He is more powerful than any other character except for Fei as "The Contact" (when all divisions of his personality merge). He can easily destroy gears with his bare hands and effortlessly defeats multiple omnigears (include Fei's Weltall 2 with System-Id) during the battle at Mahanon. However, he rarely fights directly, and instead on several occasions granted what he called "the Power" to defeated lesser villains, allowing them to challenge Fei and his friends with enhanced abilities. This power invariably leads to madness, and their resulting destruction.
Grahf is finally defeated by Fei after the latter merges with all of his personalities and meets the Wave Existence. Now able to access his full powers, Fei's gear transforms into the Xenogears and engages Grahf in a one-on-one fight. Grahf is beaten and subsequently sacrifices himself to merge with the Zohar and delay the awakening of Deus, allowing Fei and party to escape and prepare for the final battle.
Miang Hawwa.
One of the few humans that Deus gave birth to, Miang's first incarnation was known as the "Complement". The Complement's purpose was to guide and shape the events of human history to better suit the coming resurrection of Deus. All human women descended from the crash of the Eldridge, all inhabiting the planet the game takes place on, possess the genetic factor necessary to become the next incarnation of Miang. When the current one dies, Miang simply awakens in a new body. The target seems to be randomly selected, but she always inhabits the body of an adult female, and the momentary transformation always results in purple hair and eye color. The only notable superhuman abilities she possesses are the ability to retain memory across incarnations and some considerable psionic abilities, strong enough to cleanly "reprogram" someone's subconscious to perform a chosen task, though for the most part she prefers working in the shadows to manipulate world events. This is evidenced by her sparse participation in battles in a mostly supportive role, usually piloting her C-1 Vierge.
TIMELINE OF KNOWN AWAKENINGS
Eldridge catastrophe - 10,000 years prior to game
Deus activated biological computer Kadomony, generating the first mother being in response to Abel's contact with the Wave Existence shortly before planetfall. This original being emerges from the wreckage and gives birth to Miang, Elly, Cain and the Gazel Ministry, then returned to Kadomony's stasis pod where she slowly rots over the next several thousand years. Miang begins her mission to supplement Deus' plans.
Zeboim era - 4,000 years prior to game
Miang awakens in a pair of identical twin sisters, using their connection to her advantage to conduct espionage within the Zeboim government. Upon finding out that a nano-engineer named Kim is working on a way to repair the genetic breakdown causing infertility in the vast majority of Zeboim citizens, she commissions Kim to continue his work. However, when he moves to secure his creation for himself she sends an assault team to requisition it and kill anyone in their way. She influences events to accelerate the death of the civilization so that humanity can 'reset' to a form more desirable for Deus, resulting in nuclear annihilation of the entire Zeboim civilization, which then sinks to the bottom of the Aquvy sea.
The beginning of the end - approx. 20–12 years prior to game
Unable to locate the current incarnation of the -Contact-, Miang cooperates with Krelian to clone an artificial -Contact- using Emperor Cain's DNA. The clone, which would later become Kahran Ramsus, gains awareness before even being born and develops an inferiority complex soon thereafter. Miang dies of old age, and awakens in Karen Wong, Fei Fong Wong's mother, and uses her new position to conduct battery after battery of torturous experiments on Fei while his father is away, resulting in the inadvertent creation of Id. Miang stands by passively while Grahf attacks Khan Wong, triggering a spontaneous release of Fei's power. Karen regains control momentarily, long enough to throw herself in front of her son to save his life, and is mortally wounded in the process. Fei recedes into the "coward" personality, shielding himself by displacing the tragedy and horror of these events onto his alter-ego, Id, who remains the dominant personality for the rest of his teenage years under Grahf's destructive tutelage. Miang reawakens in a new host body, apparently in her early twenties, and begins to court Kahran Ramsus in order to gain power within the Gebler faction on Solaris.
Final Chapter
Miang is cut down by Ramsus in front of the newly activated Deus. The party witnesses her reawakening in Elly, who explains humanity's purpose relative to Deus shortly before being absorbed into its core. Deus utilizes its newly acquired Anima Relics and Krelian's nanotechnology to ascend to a higher, more advanced form than its original design was capable of, and climbs into orbit in an attempt to resume its journey. Fei gives pursuit in the Xenogears, the only Gear left operational after the destruction of the Zohar Modifier, and battles with Miang in her final incarnation, that of the Urobolus. After Fei had successfully defeated her in this form, she had then ceased to exist. Once Miang is eradicated for good, Krelian is convinced of Fei's point of view and resigns from his original mission, opting instead to walk the Path of Sephirot and travel to the higher dimension from which the Wave Existence originated, leaving Fei and Elly to return to the planet in the Xenogears. The chains of fate are broken, and Fei and Elly become the final incarnations of their eternally returning personas, with the memories and experiences of all their past selves incorporated into them.
Other characters.
Margie Fatima.
', nicknamed ', is the current Holy Mother of Nisan, the position once held by Sophia. She is both Bart's first cousin and his fiancee, as they are both the only living members of the Fatima royal family. She has a calm, endearing nature, despite her duties.
The Elements.
The elite of the elite among Solaris' military, a four member team with each representing one of four elements (earth, water, wind, fire). In the past, the group was Ramsus, Citan, Jesse and Sigurd, major and minor players in the game, however, in the present, it is composed of four young women, each named after an order of angels. They currently work directly under Ramsus, and encounter the party several times in the adventure. , the Element of Earth, leads the team and is the only member with a surname. She is a vicious, domineering woman. Dominia was molded into the soldier she is after becoming the sole survivor of the events at Elru, a country destroyed by war, and Id in particular. She has numerous altercations with Elly in particular, mocking her for her noble origins. While being the Element of Earth, Dominia actually infuses any of the four elements into her blade, she is the only Element to do this, as the others exclusively use their own element. Dominia pilots a sword-wielding gear called Bladegash. Kelvena () is the Element of Water, and the opposite of Domina, she is calm and cool. Kelvena once even apologizes to Elly for Dominia's harshness, despite being on opposing sides. Kelvena pilots an aquatic gear called Marinebasher. In-game dialogue pictures of Kelvena often show her with her eyes closed, implying she may have been blind, but in reality, Kelvena's innate ether power is so great, she must exert a considerable amount of concentration to keep it under control. Tolone () is the Element of Wind. She is the only one who is a cyborg, as she makes a reference to her "positronic photon brain", and typically serious and humorless. Tolone pilots a bird-like gear called Skyghene. is the Element of Fire, and a foil to Dominia and Tolone's rigidity, as she acts like a complete bimbo. She pilots a gear called Grandgrowl, which resembles a lion. In the final encounter vs the Elements, they combine their four gears into a super-gear in a scene very reminiscent of the Power Rangers.
Wave Existence.
Existing in the Zohar, the was present during the events of the Eldridge. The Zohar was an energy source for Deus, While attempting to explore infinite energy phenomena, the Zohar tapped into a higher dimension and pulled the Existence to this dimension, becoming a source of infinite energy for Deus. The Existence is the source of the higher dimension, of which a small portion spilled into this dimension, making the Existence the true God of the Xenogears universe. Its only wish is to be free of the 'prison' which holds it, the Zohar, and to return to Its own dimension. The Wave Existence makes contact with Abel, Fei's ancestor, aboard the Eldridge, allowing Abel to safely land on the planet with Deus. The Wave Existence also creates Elly as a companion for Abel and gives them both the power to be reincarnated throughout history in order to defeat Deus. It wants to be free from Deus and when Fei defeats Deus, the Wave Existence is freed.
Wiseman.
Often appearing to Fei to help him, is secretly a personality inside of his father, . Wiseman forms inside of Khan when Grahf enters Khan's body after Khan defeated Grahf ten years prior to the game's start. Wiseman's appearance inside Khan occurred to balance out Grahf's destructive persona. Wiseman brought Fei to Lahan to hide him from Grahf.
Reception.
The characters of "Xenogears" have been well received, the lead protagonist Fei in particular, who has been called videogames' "most complicated Freudian hero." The staff of "Edge" felt that Fei's deep backstory and character in general was "a far cry from the simplistic two-dimensional leads of Square’s Super Nintendo RPGs of just a few years earlier." "Edge" also pointed out the NPCs present during the beginning scenes and how they bring depth to the scenario. "As a player, you feel awkward and ashamed in the presence of these NPCs, a guilty confusion and helplessness which perfectly mirrors that felt by your character and justifies his immediate exile", the staff wrote. IGN praised both the characters themselves and their designs. In a review for the game at Pulpfilm.com, attention is paid to the secondary characters, who, as the reviewer explains, have "profoundly interesting backstories", but are never adequately resolved by the end of the game, which other reviews also note. An article from Electronic Gaming Monthly titled "WTFiction!?" listed "Xenogears" as one of the "wackiest game plotlines ever." Jeremey Parish went on to write that many characters in the game only made the plot more confusing, including Chu-Chu and Grahf.
The in-game character sprites have met less praise. A Gamespot reviewer stated that the "game's character sprites are poorly animated and suffer from terrible pixelation, no doubt due to the PlayStation's limited RAM." Other critics disagree, arguing that the characters are more realistic than the characters from "Final Fantasy VII". In a preview of the game, IGN compared the character sprites to those of "Parasite Eve", saying that "the game's designers have opted for a more traditional, anime-style look. But this doesn't mean the pint-size characters or low-detail environments of RPGs gone by."

</doc>
<doc id="19147634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147634" title="Himes">
Himes

Himes is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19147652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147652" title="Birken, British Columbia">
Birken, British Columbia

Birken is an unincorporated community, located at Birken Lake in the Gates Valley of the Lillooet Country in the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, approximately midway in the route known as the Long Portage or Pemberton Pass, which connects the Pemberton Valley to the Fraser Canyon via Anderson and Seton Lakes via the Seton River. Birken, and Birken Lake (officially Gates Lake), are at the summit of that pass, which was part of the important Fraser Canyon Gold Rush-era route known as the Douglas Road.
Birken's name is derived from that of the Birkenhead River and adjacent Birkenhead Peak (aka Mount Birkenhead, or Mount Birken), which overlooks the settlement and lake from the northwest.
Located at Birken are the Birkenhead Lodge, just by the lake and adjoining train station, and the Whispering Falls Resort, just northeast.

</doc>
<doc id="19147684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147684" title="West Dean College">
West Dean College

West Dean College is situated in the West Dean Estate, of West Dean near Chichester. The Estate was formerly the home of the poet and patron of the arts, Edward James. He was an avid admirer of the Surrealist movement, and formed one of the largest collections of their works during his lifetime. He inherited West Dean House and the estate after the death of his father. 
In 1939 Edward wrote to Aldous Huxley expressing his fear that after the war, certain arts, and particularly the techniques of the craftsmen would be lost. As a solution James suggested that his Estate be set up as an educational community where the techniques of craftsmanship could be preserved and taught, whilst restoring old work and creating new art works. In 1964 James conveyed this Estate including West Dean House to the Edward James Foundation; in 1971 the Foundation established West Dean College as a centre for the study of conservation, arts, crafts, writing, gardening and music, providing both full-time and short courses. The Sussex Barn Gallery, Tapestry Studio and West Dean Gardens are also located on the Estate.
Short Courses.
The College offers over 700 short courses a year, at various levels of experience and covering a wide range of subjects.
Diplomas and MAs.
West Dean offers MA Degree and Diplomas programmes in Conservation Studies, Making and Visual Arts, validated by the University of Sussex.
The Conservation MA and Diploma can have a specialty in Conservation of Book and Library Materials, Ceramics and Related Materials, Clocks, Furniture and Related Objects and Metalwork.
The Visual Arts MA and Diploma is in Visual Arts, Painting and Drawing, Sculpture or Tapestry and Textile Art. Graduates include artists Pippa Blake and Tim Kent, who have gone on to exhibit their work in a variety of galleries. The College also offers Diploma courses in Making Stringed Musical Instruments.
Tapestry Studio.
The West Dean Tapestry Studio was established in 1974 to provide high level craft-based programmes in woven tapestry, one of only a very small number of such studios worldwide. Their first major commission were The Henry Moore Tapestries. Tapestries woven by the studio are in the Palace of Westminster, Great Ormond Street Hospital and Chelmsford Cathedral. As well as new designs, the Studio is also engaged in recreating the 16th century 'The Hunt of the Unicorn' tapestries, part of a twelve year project for Historic Scotland, for the refurbishment of Stirling Castle. The Studio wove a tapestry for Tracey Emin based on her Black Cat painting; it was shown at the Saatchi Gallery in May 2011.
Gallery.
The Gallery on the West Dean Estate holds exhibitions of work by major outside artists as well as students and Tutors of West Dean College. Previous exhibitions include sculptor Phillip Jackson’s ‘Sacred and Profane’ in 2005, Man Ray’s ‘light and image’ in 2005 and Brazilian artist Ana Maria Pacheco’s ‘some exercise of power’ in 2006. There has also been an exhibition on ‘the interior landscape of surrealism: A glimpse into the homes of Edward James, Roland Penrose and Lee Miller’ which included the famous lobster telephone and the Mae West Lip Sofa from West Dean House, which were collaborations between Edward James and Salvador Dalí. An exhibition on the extraordinarily complex life of the model/photographer Lee Miller was also featured in the Gallery togeether with original works by Man Ray, Picasso and Roland Penrose.
West Dean Gardens.
The award winning West Dean Gardens surround the West Dean Estate in the South Downs. Head Gardener Jim Buckland and his wife Sarah Wain restored the Gardens after they suffered severe damage in the 1987 and 1990 storms. The Gardens have been awarded an English Heritage Garden Grade of II*. 
West Dean features a restored walled kitchen garden with 13 Victorian glasshouses. Robin Lane Fox in the Financial Times said "West Dean has a large walled kitchen garden whose standards are wonderfully high. Greenhouse after greenhouse smiles with top-class plants, fruit and rarities." 
A key feature in the Gardens is the Edwardian pergola, designed by Harold Peto. The Arboretum has the grave to Edward James with the carved memorial stone by John Skelton (sculptor).

</doc>
<doc id="19147695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147695" title="History of Northwich">
History of Northwich

The history of Northwich can be traced back to the Roman period. The area around Northwich has been exploited for its salt pans since this time, when the settlement was known as "Condate". The town has been severely affected by salt mining with subsidence historically being a large issue. However, recent investment in mine stabilisation is set to change the town with the Northwich Vision providing a roadmap for a programme of development work into the future.
Northwich is a wich town in Cheshire, England. It lies in the heart of the Cheshire Plain, at the confluence of the River Weaver and the River Dane. The town is approximately east of Chester and south of Warrington.
History.
Roman Northwich.
The first references to Northwich are during Roman times when the town was known as "Condate", meaning "the confluence", likely due to its location at the meeting point of the Rivers Dane and Weaver.
Northwich can be identified through two contemporary Roman documents. The first of these is the Antonine Itinerary, a 3rd-century road map split into fourteen sections. "Itinerary II" is called "the route from the Vallum to the port of Rutupiae". It describes the route between Hadrian's Wall in northern England and Richborough on the Kent coast. The station Condate is listed 18 miles from Mamucium (now Manchester) and 20 miles from Deva Victrix (now Chester). "Itinerary X" is called "the route from Glannoventa to Mediolanum" and details the route between Ravenglass fort, Cumbria and Mediolanum (now Whitchurch, Shropshire). In this description Condate is described as 19 miles before the routes end at Whitchurch and, again, as 18 miles from Manchester.
The second document is the 7th century Ravenna Cosmography. Again this document refers to Condate between the entries for Salinae (now Middlewich, Cheshire) and Ratae (now Leicester, Leicestershire), at the time the capital of the Corieltauvi tribe.
The Roman's interest in the Northwich area is thought to be due to the strategic river crossing and the location of the salt brines. Salt was very important in Roman society. The Roman word "salarium", linked employment, salt and soldiers, but the exact link is unclear. It is also theorised that this is the basis for the modern word "salary". Another theory is that the word soldier itself comes from the Latin "sal dare" (to give salt). See "History of salt" for further details. There is archaeological evidence of a Roman auxiliary fort within the area of Northwich now known as "Castle" dated to 70 AD. This and other North West forts were built as the Romans moved north from their stronghold in Chester.
The fort was located on the west bank of the River Weaver. The fort has been excavated from 1983 onwards and shows two periods of military occupation. The first began around AD 70 and the second finished around AD 140. The fort was smaller during its second occupation. Excavations discovered the remains of barrack blocks and courtyard building thought to be a "Praetorium", or commandant’s house.
The Romans used lead salt pans to extract the salt from the brine. Salt pans and 1st-century brine kilns have all been found around the Roman fort.
Medieval.
The association with salt continues in the etymology of Northwich. The "wich" (or wych) suffix applies to other towns in the area - namely Middlewich, Nantwich and Leftwich. This is considered to have been derived from the Norse, "wic", for bay and is associated with the more traditional method of obtaining salt from evaporating sea water. Therefore a place for making salt became a wych-house; and Northwich was the most northern of the Wich towns in Cheshire.
The existence of Northwich in the early medieval period is shown by its record in the Domesday Book:
It shows that by 1086 the town was producing salt and was valued the same as Middlewich at £8, although less than the £21 value given to Nantwich. It is unclear if salt extraction had continued from the Roman to Medieval periods.
The manor of Northwich belonged to the Earls of Chester. However in 1237 the family line died out. Subsequently Northwich became a royal manor and was given to a noble family to collect tolls in exchange for a set rent. By 1484 this family was the Stanley's, later Earls of Derby and stayed in the family’s hands until the late 18th century.
That salt production continued throughout the centuries can be seen through John Leland's description of the town in 1540:
Although Leland described Northwich as a market town, there is no surviving charter for a market or fair. A market still exists today.
Between 1642 and 1643, during the English Civil War, Northwich was fortified and garrisoned by Sir William Bereton for the Parliamentarians.
Salt Rediscovered.
The salt beds beneath Northwich were re-discovered in the 1670s by employees of the local Smith-Barry family. The Smith-Barrys were looking for coal, but instead discovered rock salt, in the grounds of the family home, Marbury Hall, to the north of Northwich. Soon salt mining started again. This mining area is now known as Dairy House Meadow.
By 1732 the River Weaver was improved from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge and eventually allowed vessels up to to travel up to Northwich Bridge. This allowed salt to be transported by boat rather than cart. The Trent and Mersey Canal, opened in 1775, passed to the north of Northwich because of objections from the trustees of the Weaver Navigation. However, the canal passed salt deposits near the village of Marston, and many of the later salt mines were based along its banks including the Lion Salt Works. The Anderton Boat Lift was opened in 1875 to connect the canal and river systems.
An important development occurred when it became uneconomical to mine for the salt. Instead hot water was pumped through the mines, which dissolved the salt. The resultant brine was pumped out and the salt extracted from the brine. This technique weakened the mines and led to land subsidence as they collapsed. Subsidence effected the town and the surrounding landscape. For example collapses in 1880 formed "Witton Flash" as the River Weaver flowed into a huge hole caused by subsidence. Subsidence also allegedly accounts for many old timber-framed houses in the town centre, which were better able to withstand the movement of the ground. Some houses were built on a base of steel girders which could be jacked up to level the house with each change in the underlying ground. The town's historical link with the salt industry is celebrated in its Museum which is today located in the town's old workhouse.
Victorian Expansion.
The 19th century saw major changes for the town. A local board was founded on 26 June 1863 under the provisions of the Local Government Act 1858 to serve the original thirteen acres of the manor of Northwich. In 1875 this merged with its much larger neighbour at Witton cum Twambrooks were amalgamanted, and the resultant area was further extended in 1880 to include the whole of Castle Northwich and parts of Hartford, Winnington and Leftwich. On 10 September 1894 these areas were united as the civil parish of Northwich, served by Northwich Urban District Council. Further expansion took place in 1936 by the addition of parts of Winnington, Lostock Gralam, Barnton, Leftwich and Rudheath, and again in 1955 when parts of Davenham, Hartford, Rudheath and Whatcroft were added 
Railways first came to the town in 1863 when the line from Manchester Central was extended from Knutsford by the Cheshire Midland Railway. An extension to Helsby was completed by the West Cheshire Railway in 1869. Both of these lines became constituents of the Cheshire Lines Committee on 15 August 1867. The line is now marketed as the Mid-Cheshire line.
Chemical industry.
In 1874, John Brunner and Ludwig Mond founded Brunner Mond in Winnington and started manufacturing soda ash using the Solvay ammonia-soda process. This process used salt as a main raw material.
The chemical industry used the subsided land for the disposal of waste from the manufacture of soda-ash. The waste was transported through a network of cranes and rails to the produce "limebeds". This was a dangerous alkaline substance and caused the landscape to be abandoned as unusable.
Brunner Mond later amalgamated with three other chemical companies in 1926 to form Imperial Chemical Industries, better known as ICI, which was for many years one of Europe's leading chemical companies in both chemical production and research.
Reclamation.
In 1975 "Marbury Country Park" was the first area to be reclaimed from dereliction and has become a popular recreational area.
In 1987 more land was reclaimed to form "Furey Wood" and over later years, Cheshire County Council's Land Regeneration Unit reclaimed what is now known as Anderton Nature Park, Witton Flash, Dairy House Meadows, Witton Mill Meadows, and Ashton's and Neumann's Flashes. Much of the funding for the creation of these public areas has been supplied from the North West Development Agency and now extends to approximately 323 hectares of public space known as Northwich Community Woodlands.
Salt mine stabilisation.
In February 2004 a £28 million programme to stabilise the abandoned salt mines underneath Northwich was begun. The work was funded by the English Partnerships through its Land Stabilisation Programme, introduced to resolve issues associated with unstable mines around England.
The four mines identified for work were Baron's Quay, Witton Bank, Neumann's and Penny's Lane. These mines were chosen because their subsidence was causing problems for the town centre.
When they were abandoned the mines were left with supporting salt pillars. Modern salt mining leaves around 30% of the salt to form the pillars but, because of the wild-brine pumping, the 19th century mines under Northwich were left with sometimes only 5% of the salt to form the pillars which has since been found to be inadequate. To provide additional support in the 1920s brine was used to flood the mines. However ground movement has been detected and has effectively ceased development in Northwich town centre.
The current stabilisation plan involves removing millions of litres of brine from the four mines and replacing it with a mixture of pulverised fuel ash (PFA), cement and salt. The PFA arrives by rail; the cement and salt by road. The grout is mixed at Brunner Mond, Winnington from where it is pumped via a pipeline into the mines through a series of boreholes around the town.
The removed brine is pumped in the opposite direction to Winnington and then taken by train to British Salt in Middlewich. Here the brine is put to use in many products such as water softeners and road de-icers.
The project was completed in late 2007.
Future.
Following the stabilisation of the mines, Northwich is to be developed in line with the 'Vision for Northwich'. The vision, if completed, will see the old concrete County Council buildings and Magistrates Court demolished and replaced with more modern buildings.
New housing developments continue to appear around Northwich. In 2002 the Drill Field, the world's oldest football ground, was demolished and has been replaced by housing as Northwich Victoria football club sold the ground to relieve debt.
A Debenhams store is planned to be built at Barons Quay along with a cinema and 40 new shops.

</doc>
<doc id="19147710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147710" title="Bru language">
Bru language

Bruu (also spelled Bru, B'ru, Baru, Brou) is a Mon–Khmer dialect continuum spoken by the Bru people of mainland Southeast Asia. Sô and Khua are dialects.
Distribution.
The distribution of the Bru language spreads north and northeast from Salavan, Laos, through Savannakhet, Khammouane, and Bolikhamsai, and over into neighboring Thailand and Vietnam (Sidwell 2005:11).
Names.
There are various local and dialect designations for Bru (Sidwell 2005:11).

</doc>
<doc id="19147715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147715" title="Give Me a Ring Sometime">
Give Me a Ring Sometime

"Give Me a Ring Sometime" is the first episode of the American situation comedy "Cheers", written by Glen and Les Charles and directed by James Burrows. The episode first aired September 30, 1982 on NBC, as part of its Must See TV lineup. The pilot introduces the employees of Cheers (in order of appearance: Sam Malone, Diane Chambers, Coach Ernie Pantusso and Carla Tortelli) and regular customers Norm Peterson and Cliff Clavin. In the original script the employees were the principal characters, and Norm and Cliff were not included. Later revisions added Norm and Cliff, and scenes were restructured and rewritten. In this episode Diane, brought in by fiancé Sumner Sloan, meets the employees and patrons of the bar. When she realizes that her fiancé has left her alone in the bar, Diane accepts Sam's offer to be the bar's waitress to start over.
The show was part of NBC's Thursday lineup, known as "Must See TV", with "Fame", "Taxi" and "Hill Street Blues". Ratings were low when the episode first aired, but improved in reruns improved. It has been critically praised over the years, and earned its writers awards for Best Writing in 1983.
Casting.
The pilot introduces employees of the bar, Cheers, in Boston, Massachusetts in order of appearance: 
The creators rejected the idea of casting a star such as Mary Tyler Moore, and sought actors who were previously unknown to the public. They interviewed almost 1,000 people for the four principal roles: Sam Malone, Diane Chambers, "wisecracking, cynical waitress" Carla Tortelli and "gravelly-voiced bartender" "Coach" Ernie Pantusso. Steve Kolzak (credited as Stephen Kolzak) cast the original characters.
Auditions were held for Sam and Diane. Three pairs were tested: William Devane and Lisa Eichhorn, Fred Dryer and Julia Duffy, and Ted Danson and Shelley Long. Before the show premiered Danson appeared in 1979's "The Onion Field"; Long appeared in 1982's "Night Shift", starring Henry Winkler of "Happy Days". Fred Dryer later appeared as Dave Richards, a sportscaster friend of Sam's, in "Sam at Eleven" in 1982.
Sam Malone was originally "a former wide receiver for the New England Patriots", and Fred Dryer was considered for the role because he was a football player. However, NBC executives liked test scenes with Danson and Long so the creators chose them instead. (making Sam a former relief pitcher for the Boston Red Sox. Ed O'Neill also auditioned for the role of Sam Malone.
According to Danson, Rhea Perlman was the first to be cast (as Carla). Perlman had previously appeared in "Taxi" as the wife (ex-wife during the show's final season) of Louie de Palma, played by her husband Danny DeVito. Former umpire Ron Luciano auditioned for Coach; however, the producers "wanted an experienced actor". Robert Prosky, who later appeared as Rebecca Howe's (Kirstie Alley) Navy father in the 1992 "Cheers" episode "Daddy's Little Middle-Aged Girl" and an author in the 1996 "Frasier" episode "A Crane's Critique", turned down the role of Coach. Actor-director Nicholas Colasanto won the rule; Colasanto had appeared in the 1980 film "Raging Bull" starring Robert De Niro.
Two customers were introduced:
George Wendt and John Ratzenberger originally auditioned for the role of George, and Wendt was cast. In the original script, George was Diane's first customer at the end of the episode. Annoyed with Diane's long-winded explanation of how she became a waitress, he delivered his one-word line: "Beer!" After Wendt was cast, the writers revised the script; his role evolved into Norm Peterson, the first onscreen customer to enter the bar and " Diane rather than the other way around". After Wendt was cast, Ratzenberger suggested to the producers that a know-it-all character be added; this led to the creation of another character, Cliff Clavin.
John P. Navin, Jr. portrays a teenage boy in the cold open, and Ron Frazier is credited for his background appearance.
Production.
The creators of "Cheers" (and the crew of "Taxi"), co-writers Glen and Les Charles and director James Burrows, created a sitcom project in 1981. Initially set in a hotel, the setting changed to a hotel bar and finally a "Boston neighborhood bar". The show was filmed not in a pub, but on Stage 25 of the Paramount Studios lot. "Cheers" set was inspired by the Bull & Finch Pub in Boston, now known as Cheers Beacon Hill ("pictured, right"). A Boston bar was chosen because of its "interior out of brick, polished mahogany, and brass"; the city was chosen because it is "cosmopolitan", "a great sports town" and was not previously explored on television. Because the creators are sports fans, an athletic element was added to the bar. Burrows said that the show was intended to be about a bar which people visit for more than drinks.
Jokes from earlier scripts were used. In one scene, Carla Tortelli orders a phone caller to do something about their unruly children. When one of the bartenders suggests hiring a babysitter, Carla replied that the caller "was" the babysitter. The cast did not know the ending of the pilot episode during production, since the final draft of the script was dated April 16, 1982.
Plot.
As owner Sam Malone (Ted Danson) opens the bar Sumner Sloane (Michael McGuire), a professor, and his Boston University student fiancée Diane Chambers (Shelley Long) are the first customers. They are planning to go to Barbados to be married, but do not have a wedding ring; Sumner leaves to get the ring from his ex-wife. While she waits, Diane learns about the other people in the bar. Sam is an ex-baseball player and a recovering alcoholic. Waitress Carla Tortelli is a bitter divorcée with four children. Male patrons are playing a "body sweat in movies" trivia game, which repulses Diane. Sumner returns a few hours later, suggesting "Cool Hand Luke" as a "sweaty" movie and telling Diane he could not get his ex-wife's ring. His ex-wife calls the bar with a change of heart, and Sumner leaves Diane again.
Diane and Sam argue about Sumner, and Sam pointedly tells her Sumner is probably on a plane with his ex-wife. Diane calls the airport to change their flight reservation, and finds out that "Mr. and Mrs. Sloane" have already used it. Heartbroken, she prepares to go home before realizing that her job as Sumner's teaching assistant is gone. Out of pity, Sam offers her a job at Cheers as a waitress. Because of her educational background, Diane initially refuses; however, when she remembers a number of orders (including special requests) from a table she reluctantly accepts the job. The following day, Diane's first customer is an international tourist (Erik Holland), asking for his lost luggage.
Reception.
Ratings.
The NBC premiere lineup on September 30, 1982 consisted of (beginning at 8:00 pm Eastern and Pacific Time) "Fame", "Cheers", "Taxi" and "Hill Street Blues". "Cheers" debuted at 9:00 pm against the two-hour season premiere of "Magnum, P.I." and the one-hour season premiere of "Too Close for Comfort". It finished in 60th place (out of 63 programs), with a 9.6 Nielsen rating. In Alaska, it premiered on October 14, 1982 at 8:00 pm AKT. On December 23, 1982 the episode was rerun, receiving an 11.5 rating and finishing 57th out of 68 programs airing from December 20–26, 1982.
Critical reaction.
When the episode originally aired in 1982, Fred Rothenberg of the Associated Press called it an introduction to a "new wise-cracking comedy", "a warm and wacky companion of a television show, a delightful place to spend idle time, a five-star watering hole" known as "Cheers". Television and radio critic Mike Drew said it was not great but "funnier [... with cute lines [...] than" any other sitcom, even those (like "Archie Bunker's Place" on TV and "Duffy's Tavern" on radio) set in bars. Fred L. Smith of "The News and Courier" found this episode similar to "Taxi": "Both are set in a place of business ("Cheers" at a bar, "Taxi" at a York taxi company); both have a sensible guy and a pretty, preppy girl as main characters (Ted Danson and Shelley Long in "Cheers" and Judd Hirsch and Marilu Henner in "Taxi"), and both are wacky comedies." He found it "amusing"; some jokes were funny, many others seemed forced, and the number of "weird characters" in the show was greater than their real-life bar counterparts.
In 2009, Lex Walker on the "Just Press Play" website found this episode "sadder and more sentimental" than funny; the episode focuses "less on character development and more on" Diane restarting her life as a waitress after the loss of love, and he said it contradicts "what ["Cheers"] will grow to be". Nevertheless, he called the episode a true introduction to the series and considered the intertwining stories of Sam and his friends the series' premise. In 2010, Robin Raven from "Yahoo! Voices" called it one of her top five "Cheers" episodes. In 2011, Austin Lugar from "The Film Yap" website called it the "best".
Awards.
At the 1983 Primetime Emmy Awards, writers and co-creators Glen and Les Charles won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series for this episode. The brothers also received a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Screenplay - Episodic Comedy. The episode earned production designer Richard Sylbert and set decorator George Gaines an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Art Direction for a Series (won by "Tales of the Gold Monkey").

</doc>
<doc id="19147739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147739" title="Florence White">
Florence White

Florence White, (born 20 June 1863 in Peckham, London; died 12 March 1940 in Fareham, Hampshire) was a food writer who established the English Folk Cookery Association, and published a number of books on cookery and other domestic matters.
Biography.
At age 18, White was sent to live with two elderly aunts in Fareham, where she was introduced to traditional cookery. She later held a number of jobs, including schoolteacher and shopkeeper, before writing her first book "Easy Dressmaking" (1891), which was published by the Singer Sewing Machine Company and, over eight years sold 110,000 copies. This was followed by "Good Things in England" (1932), a traditional cookery book, "Flowers as Food" (1934) and an autobiography, "A Fire in the Kitchen" (1938). "Good English Food" was published posthumously in 1952. "Good Things in England" was also published by Persephone Books in 1999 and reprinted in 2003 and 2007.
Later Life.
In later years, White returned to Fareham and established a cookery and domestic training school there.
English Folk Cookery Association.
The English Folk Cookery Association, founded in 1928, published the "Good Food Register", a directory of restaurants and other places which produced English cooking, which White edited. 

</doc>
<doc id="19147744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147744" title="9th Tony Awards">
9th Tony Awards

The 9th Annual Tony Awards, presented by the American Theatre Wing, took place at the Plaza Hotel Grand Ballroom on March 27, 1955. It was broadcast on radio by the National Broadcasting Company. The presenter was Helen Hayes and music was composed and presented by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Award winners.
Sources:InfopleaseInternetBroadwayDatabase

</doc>
<doc id="19147770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147770" title="Sailing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's 470">
Sailing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's 470

The Men's 470 Class Competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics was held from July 27 to August 4, 1992 in Barcelona, Spain. Points were awarded for placement in each race. The best six out of seven race scores did count for the final placement.

</doc>
<doc id="19147777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147777" title="Bennett D. Hill">
Bennett D. Hill

Bennett David Hill (1934–2005) was a historian, a Benedictine monk and an author. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and earned advanced degrees from Harvard University (A.M. in 1958) and Princeton (Ph.D. in 1963). He taught history at the University of Illinois at Urbana.
Hill was the author of "English Monasteries and Their Patrons in the Twelfth Century" (1968), "Church and State in the Middle Ages" (1970), and articles in "Analecta Cisterciensia", "New Catholic Encyclopedia", "The American Benedictine Review" and "The Dictionary of the Middle Ages". He was one of the contributing editors of "The Encyclopedia of World History" (2001).
Among other publications Hill have made contributions to are "A History of World Societies" and "A History of Western Society", both published in several editions.
Hill was a Fellow of the American Council of Learned Societies and served as vice president of the American Catholic Historical Association (1995–1996). A Benedictine monk of Saint Anselm's Abbey in Washington, D.C., he also taught at St. Anselm's Abbey School and was a visiting professor at Georgetown University.

</doc>
<doc id="19147785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147785" title="Chut language">
Chut language

Chut (Chứt, Cheut) or Ruc-Sach is a dialect cluster spoken by the Chut people of Vietnam, with a smaller population of some 450 speakers in neighbouring Laos (in Khammouane Province). It may be most closely related to Arem.
Chut has the four-way register system of Thavung augmented with pitch.[http://sealang.net/mk/vietic.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19147848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147848" title="Singers Glen, Virginia">
Singers Glen, Virginia

Situated between Little North Mountain and Interstate 81, Singers Glen, Virginia occupies the zip code 22850. Singers Glen is an historic settlement that is registered by the Virginia Historic Landmarks Commission and the United States Department of the Interior. It consists mainly of one road (Singers Glen Road), the formerly yellow currently green and grey Singers Glen Post Office, a recycling center, the Singers Glen School, the Singers Glen Volunteer Fire Company, a store owned and operated by Mark Grandle, a Methodist & Baptist Church.
History.
Singers Glen was first settled in 1809 by Joseph Funk and other descendants of the German Anabaptists who had been persecuted during the European Wars of Religion. Thanks to Joseph Funk it is the birthplace of gospel music in the south.
The Joseph Funk House and Singers Glen Historic District are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Education.
Singers Glen School operated from 1882 to 1973.
Emergency services.
Singers Glen Volunteer Fire Company, serves and at least 2,500 residents.
Religion.
Singers Glen Cemetery overlooks the town from atop a hill. Access is available from Turleytown Road.
Singers Glen has more churches than commercial establishments (largely due to the surprising lack of commercial establishments).
The churches in the Singers Glen area are:
Prominent Residents and Places.
Glen Farm has occupied the same location for more than two centuries.
Glen Eco Farm is a local family-owned produce farm committed to sustainable agricultural practices and direct local marketing.
Joseph Funk founded the first Mennonite printing house in the United States here in 1847, best known for printing the Harmonia Sacra.
Douglas Bates operates an antique handgun repair shop on Mayberry Road. He's one of the few active specialists in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="19147875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147875" title="Electron localization function">
Electron localization function

In quantum chemistry, the electron localization function (ELF) is a measure of the likelihood of finding an electron in the neighborhood space of a reference electron located at a given point and with the same spin. Physically, this measures the extent of spatial localization of the reference electron and provides a method for the mapping of electron pair probability in multielectronic systems.
ELF's usefulness stems from the manner it allows the analysis of electron localization in a chemically intuitive way. For example, the shell structure of heavy atoms is obvious when plotting ELF against the radial distance from the nucleus; the ELF for radon, for example, has six clear maxima, whereas the electronic density decreases monotonically and the radially weighted density fails to show all shells. When applied to molecules, an analysis of the ELF shows a clear separation between the core and valence electron, and also shows covalent bonds and lone pairs, in what has been called "a faithful visualization of VSEPR theory in action". Another feature of the ELF is that it is invariant with respect to transformation of the molecular orbitals.
The ELF was originally defined by Axel D. Becke and K. E. Edgecombe in 1990. They first argued that a measure of the electron localization is provided by
where "ρ" is the electron spin density and "τ" the kinetic energy density. "D" is expected to be small in those regions of space where localized electrons are to be found. Given the arbitrariness of the magnitude of the localization measure provided by "D", it is compared to the corresponding value for a uniform electron gas with spin density equal to "ρ"(r), which is given by
The ratio,
is a dimensionless localization index that expresses electron localization with respect to the uniform electron gas. In the final step, the ELF is defined in terms of "χ" by mapping its values on to the range 0 ≤ ELF ≤ 1 by defining the electron localization function as
ELF = 1 corresponding to perfect localization and ELF = ½ corresponding to the electron gas.
The original derivation was based on Hartree-Fock theory. For density functional theory, the approach was generalized by Savin in 1992.
The approach of electron localization (not in this form) was pioneered by Bader. Bader's analysis partitions the charge density in a molecule to "atoms" according to zero-flux surfaces (surfaces across which no electron flow is taking place). Bader's analysis allows many properties such as multipole moments, energies and forces, to be partitioned in a defensible and consistent manner to individual atoms within molecules.
Both the Bader approach, and the ELF approach to partitioning of molecular properties have gained popularity in recent years, because the fastest, accurate ab-initio calculations of molecular properties are now mostly made using density functional theory (DFT), which directly calculates the electron density. This electron density is the property whose properties are then analyzed using with Bader charge analysis or Electron Localization Functions. One of the most popular functionals in DFT was first proposed by Becke, who also originated Electron Localization Functions.

</doc>
<doc id="19147880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147880" title="Justify (The Rasmus song)">
Justify (The Rasmus song)

"Justify" is the second single released from the 2008 album, "Black Roses" by the Finnish rock band, The Rasmus.
The song is a slow, dark ballad with Nine Inch Nails and The Cure influences. The first demo for "Justify" was created in Los Angeles, California, at both James Michael's and Desmond Child's studios in January 2007.
Video.
The music video for the single was filmed on November 9, 2008. It begins with lead singer Lauri Ylönen confined to a chair. He starts to cry tears of black ink, which gradually flood the room throughout the video and seemingly drown him. 

</doc>
<doc id="19147883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147883" title="Jerzy Łojek">
Jerzy Łojek

Jerzy Łojek (3 September 1932 – 7 October 1986) was a Polish historian and opposition activist in People's Republic of Poland. He specialized in European, Polish and Russian history of 17th to 20h centuries. Some of his works were first published underground. The communist government prevented him from receiving professorship.

</doc>
<doc id="19147895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147895" title="Conservation refugee">
Conservation refugee

Conservation refugees are people, usually indigenous, who are displaced from their native lands when conservation areas are created, such as parks and other protected areas.
Definition.
Many Conservation Refugees are placed in refugee camps
Role of ENGOS.
Environmental conservation is a highly debatable topic because of its nature. 
ENGOs receive funding from a variety of sources. Private foundations such as The Ford Foundation and the MacArthur Foundation once formed the bulk of the funds that support NGO conservation efforts (Chapin 2004; Dowie 2005). Funds from bilateral and multilateral sources (think USAID and World Bank) and corporations also support ENGOs. It is the increase in corporate sponsorship that is raising eyebrows among those who see a conflict of interest between the ENGOs and the corporations that donate to them. Once beholden to the ethical rules and boundaries set by the private foundations that once constituted the majority of their funding, they have now become increasingly ethically negligent as a result of an increase in corporate funding (Chapin 2004; Dowie 2005).
In spite of the proclamations of participation with local communities that can be found on websites of the World Wildlife Fund, The Nature Conservancy, and Conservation International, actions do speak louder than words. The universally applied model of conservation based on western science often clashes with indigenous knowledge of the environment. In most scenarios the western conservationist is arrogant and dismissive towards indigenous conservation models because they are not based on western science, but rather the indigenous knowledge that is the result of generations of interactions with their environment (Dowie 2005).
The idea of separating man from nature forms the core of the conservation movement. In his article entitled “Conservation Refugees,” Mark Dowie explains: 
“John Muir, a forefather of the American conservation movement, argued that ‘wilderness’ should be cleared of all inhabitants and set aside to satisfy the urbane human’s need for recreation and spiritual renewal. It was a sentiment that became national policy with the passage of the 1964 Wilderness Act, which defined wilderness as a place ‘where man himself is a visitor who does not remain.’ One should not be surprised to find hardy residues of these sentiments among traditional conservation groups. The preference for ‘virgin’ wilderness has lingered on in a movement that has tended to value all nature but human nature, and refused to recognize the positive wildness in human beings.”
Dowie’s words perfectly describe the problems that have emerged with the globalization of conservation. With the removal of indigenous communities from protected land, a symbiosis between the indigenous community and their environment is disrupted, resulting in a decrease in biodiversity. The refugees that were formerly living off the land are now prohibited from interacting with it. As a result of their expulsion, they are now extremely poor additions to the over populated areas surrounding the park (Igoe 2005). In many instances poaching increases, soil degradation occurs as new farmers take up agriculture for subsistence, and various other environmentally disastrous practices occur as a result of displacement (Cernea and Schmidt-Soltau 2003). By ignoring the human factor, it is becoming ever clearer that the myopic approach of conservation that is taken by the large ENGOs is ineffective and counterproductive (Cernea and Schmidt-Soltau 2003; Chapin 2004; Dowie 2005; Igoe 2004).
Preserving habitats or cultures.
For the Adivasi from India and the fact that in the spring of 2003 they were pushed out of their farmlands and relocated to extremely cramped villages in order to import six Asiatic Lions. Through the efforts to conserve land NGO's like the WWF infringe on basic human rights that every person is entitled to which include: inhumane treatment of local residents, the stripping away of land , and discrimination just to name a few. Conservation Refugees are often removed from their land for wildlife conservation and often when they are forced to move, they are placed in communities or villages which leave them vulnerable to poverty and starvation. They are not compensated for what was lost and have no assistance this becomes very overwhelming for them and they have a hard time adjusting to this new lifestyle.
In Green, Inc. by Christine MacDonald she quotes a tribal leader in saying that “white men” (MacDonald 2008:196) told them to leave their homes in the forest because the land was not protected, he also said that they were forced into another village (which was already occupied by another group) outside the forest and that they had “ no choice, because they told them that they will be beaten and killed” (MacDonald 2008:196-197). Left without food, and land they wereforced to work on farms that the villagers before them had already established. This is the international nonprofit groups idea of “bringing the indigenous people the benefits of the modern world or to protect national economic interests such as tourism” (MacDonald 2008:197).
Eliminating culture and behaviors.
The indigenous people that are forced out of their land also lose parts of their culture embedded in resources. 
Darrell Posey argued that indigenous knowledge could make a significant contribution to conservation (Posey 2008:4). Posey also thought that “what looked natural might be cultural, and thus that indigenous people should be seen as models for conservation, rather than as opposed to it and thus denied land rights” (Posey 2008:5).
Many of the local residents of these conservation sites or national parks have cultural rituals and practices that are adapted to their local environment. Through these practices, they have been able to survive, and a culture has emerged from this. "Conservation Refugees" by Mark Dowie reports on one such case, the Batwa Pygmie from Africa. Having lived in conservation camps, under restrictions that limit centuries-old cultural practices, community member Kwokwo Barume observed that they themselves are dying out by saying “we are heading toward extinction” (Dowie 2009:70). Some of these restrictions include: no cultivation, no hunting, no gathering, and sacred sites and burial grounds are off limits, all of these being essential to their daily lives. These limitations help lead the way toward the extinction of hunter-gather groups around the world to make way for new game reserves, and to help develop projects for ecotourism in which the national government gives land up easily for these projects and not for the local residents themselves.
Redefining conservation.
When looking at Darrell Posey, who was a famous anthropologist and ethnobiologist and whose writings about the Kayapo Indians of the Amazon Forest influenced environmental policy in that traditional societies are now being viewed as helpers in conservation, and steps are being taken to help the reconstruction of these societies (Dove & Carpenter 2008:5). Posey often stated that Indigenous people were the only ones who truly knew the forests because they have inhabited them for centuries. What Posey also determined was that biodiversity was important for these indigenous people's lives through gardens, openings to the forest and rock outcropping, and that what is considered natural today may have been altered by the ancestors of these indigenous people and may not in fact just be naturally occurring all on its own as is thought. Posey's writings are helping to redefine conservation and what it means to these societies living on conservation sites. With the help of articles and books, the more people know of what is going on with conservation groups the more they are aware and preventive measures start to take place to insure that people aren't treated unfairly.
Some participants in the help to redefine conservation are countries in South America which pay notice to indigenous areas that are willing to participate in practices of conservation with the technical resources from conservation groups. Instead of being kicked out of their land, there is Federal Environmental Conservation Act that protect their rights to remain on the land and use its natural resources and the “common wealth minister negotiates conservation agreements with them”.
Indigenous peoples.
The World Council of Indigenous Peoples (WCIP), began by Chief George Manuel of the Shoswap Nation, held its first conference in British Columbia in 1975. After traveling the world, and finding that the same suffering and mistreatment felt by the Indigenous peoples of the AmericasNorth American Indians were also felt by many other indigenous peoples, he began the World Council of Indigenous People as an alliance for all indigenous peoples that are suffering. Some Indigenous peoples fought back politically, by having a voice at important conservation meeting and other such meeting that affect them. According to author Mark Dowie, the Masai sent their leader Martin Saring’O to the World Conservation Congress meeting to defend their land rights at the November 22, 2004 meeting sponsored by IUNC in Bangkok, Thailand. “Standing before the congress, he Sarin’O expressed, ‘we are enemies of conservation.’ Their nomadic people have lost most of their grazing lands over the last thirty years. At the meeting, Massai reminds the IUCN, and defends that they were the original conservationists” (Dowie, 2005). In another instance of indigenous people defending themselves politically, Dowie writes, Sayyaad Saltani, the elected chair of the Council of Elders of the Qashaqni Confederation in Iran, gave a speech to the World Parks Congress in Durban, South Africa in October 2003. Saltani discussed the relentless pressures on his nomadic pastoral people, how their pastures and natural resources were seized from them by various agencies, and of their migratory path being interrupted. “Their summer and winter pastures were consistently degraded and fragmented by outsiders, and not even their social identity was left alone” (Dowie, 2005).
Instances of violence and retaliation have also been a result of park creations. These cases have stemmed due to resentment from land regulations and restrictions, land displacement, or parks blocking needed access to resources causing shortages. In Nepal, when the Sagarmatha National Park was founded, the Sherpas harbored much resentment. They intentionally accelerated the depletion of the forest because their rights and traditional practices had been taken away. “Local elders estimated that more forest was lost in the first four years after the parks creation than in the previous two decades” (Colchester, 2003). Several instances of violence have occurred separately in India due to fighting the unjustness of park creations. India is a heavily populated country with almost five hundred protected areas. The protected areas, which are rich in resources, are mostly surrounded by agricultural lands and villages full of impoverished people who are in desperate need of these resources that are now blocked. People trying to obtain their basic life needs have caused violence to erupt. “Inevitably they invade the reserves and come into conflict with authorities. Resentment at the wildlife authorities attempts to control the situation has exploded in violence against officials and guards” (Colchester, 2003). In the Naganhde National Park in South India, wildlife guards were believed to have killed a poacher. This incident resulted in local people retaliating by burning 20 square kilometers of forest. “In India, resentment by local people to National Parks legislation and enforcement agencies has caused increasing problems” (Colchester, 2003).
Many indigenous peoples from all over the world have been affected by large organizations trying to protect nature and wildlife, while overlooking the human component. Indigenous peoples have been left without rights to their own land, resources, and left impoverished. The displacement causes lasting effects on their entire community. They are fighting to not only keep their homes but also their cultures as well as their identities. Many groups fight to maintain their entire lively hoods politically and sometimes even with violence.
Africa.
African conservation refugees, some sources numbering them somewhere around 14 million, have long been displaced due to transnational efforts to preserve select areas of biota that are believed to be critical to the historical and environmental perspective of Earth. What purpose do protected areas serve and why are they established? According to the article “Parks and Peoples: the social impact of protected areas” protected areas are a way of “seeing, understanding, and reproducing the world around us” as well as serving as a place of social interaction and production. In short protected areas are established to preserve an area in its natural state in an increasingly globalized world. Although the traditional residential grounds of millions of native peoples have existed for hundreds of years, conservation efforts continually encroach upon these areas in an effort to preserve biological diversity in both flora and fauna. On the positive side wildlife, botany, and other precious resources are being protected. The native people, unfortunately, are then expelled to live outside the border of the newly constructed Preserved Area (PA), so as not to disturb the ecological preservation. Displacement and lack of rights for displaced peoples is one of the main concerns of environmental conservation. Displaced peoples can encounter social problems such as nationalism in the location that they have moved to. Often these refugees are put in a separate underclass in their new location further separating them socially as well as physically. Sometimes people of the region that is being conserved will encounter other effects of the situation besides displacement. These include loss of jobs, loss of hunting grounds, loss of personal resources, or loss of freedom. The treatment of these peoples can also cause war among themselves or with opposing groups as well as sickness and malnutrition. Both entities behind this conflict believe that they are operating under the flag of just action, however certain elements of the arguments are inherently flawed. The conservation movement is critical to maintaining a diverse biological snapshot of Earth, but the processes behind the initiative are often founded on neglect of human rights as well as paradox. The ramifications of these processes are significant in terms of a growing number of refugees, international reactions, and culture. 
Long term effects of this displacement and repurposing linger in the refugees, their families and subsequent generations, effectively reshaping the cultural and economic dynamic of an entire society. This has a ripple effect on their culture and people for generations to come. The use and conservation of a resource is a direct link to conflicts in Africa According to Abiodun Alao, author of “Natural Resources and Conflict in Africa”, natural resources can be linked to conflicts in three different ways: either a direct or remote conflict is caused by the resource, or a natural resource can fuel or sustain conflicts, and lastly when resources have been used to resolve conflicts. Often, the conservation efforts that commandeer indigenous people’s land remove the natives from a familiar social environment and transplant them into unknown quarters and customs. By doing so, traditional values such as “songs, rituals, …and stories” could be entirely lost in little more than one generation’s progression (Dowie, 2005). Economically, relocation and displacement can be devastating on a personal and communal level. Indigenous peoples of all intra-culture class types are forced to the boundaries of the new parks, stripped of their homes and status, and sometimes made to live in “shabby squatter camps…without running water or sanitation” (Dowie, 2005). This leads to even more added tension between conservation administrators and the new conservation refugees.
In order to protect the rights of indigenous people and citizens displaced as conservation refugees the Fifth World Parks Congress held a session to discuss the problem. This session recognized the connection between poverty and displacement as well as the altering land- rights and the hazardous effects on cultural and generations to come. The outcome of this session was the Durban Action Plan. This plan will insure that local people are taken care of financially before an area is acquired for conservation. There are many issues surrounding environmental conservation, protected areas, and refugees. This is one of the biggest issues Africa is facing. As human beings we need to analyze the facts and decide whether or not the sake of our environment is worth the livelihood of our fellow human beings.
Eastern Africa.
East Africa is home to tribes like the Maasai whose livelihood and culture revolves around cattle. The Maasai are pastoralists whose “livestock follow a seasonal settlements in the dry season and disperse into temporary camps in the wet season” (McCabe, 2002). The Maasai once occupied most of the Serengeti/Ngorongoro region, which from recent archeological research concluded that pastoralists occupied the area for at least 2500 years and the Maasai occupied the area since mid-nineteenth century (McCabe, 2002) In 1940 the Serengeti/Ngorongoro region was gazetted as national park, but during the time, pastoralists were permitted to still carry on with their traditional life ways. All that changed in ten years when conflict erupted among the pastoralists, cultivators and park authorities that divided the park into the Serengeti National Park and the NCA (Ngorongoro Conservation Area). This divide evicted all Maasai pastoralists from the Serengeti National Park, but allowed them to remain in certain restricted areas in the NCA. This had dire consequences not only to the Maasai lifestyle, but also to the environment. During the wet season, the Maasai would herd their cattle to the Serengeti for grazing, but since the parks divide, their last resort was to graze where they were permitted to, and that meant strictly in the NCA. The seasonal migrations from the Serengeti and the Ngorongoro practiced by the Maasai help prevent over-grazing to one location, but with the new restrictions, over-grazing would be apparent and could result in starvation of their cattle not to mention the depletion of environmental resources. Another set of problems to unfold for the Maasai was the rapid increase in population for the wildebeest. Wildebeest calves carry a virus that transmits the disease malignant catarrhal fever that could kill Maasai livestock if exposed to the same areas the wildebeest calves grazed on. Not only the exposure to a deadly disease affect the livestock, but also because of the large wildebeest population, grasses were hardly left for Maasai livestock to feed on. This was just the beginning of what the Massai was to endure. During the early 1970s, a stricter ban was placed on cultivation to where any cultivation within the NCA area became illegal. The Maasai’s subsistence is dependant on the cultivation of grains, from which the Maasai would trade livestock with cultivators for grains. For twenty years, the Maasai endured a ban on cultivation, more restrictions on highland craters and the spread and increase in livestock disease (McCabe, 2002). Because of the inability to cultivate, there was an increase in malnutrition and under nutrition among the children of the Maasai. It wasn’t until the early 1990s that the ban on cultivation was lifted. After the lift of the ban, there was an increase in living for the Maasai. Malnutrition declined and sustainable living emerged. But because of the intense cultivation to support the population, conservationists are now reevaluating the whether to allow cultivation to continue, so again, the faith of the Maasai are left in the hands of more policy making and restrictions in which none have a voice in. 
In the case of the Mkomazi Game Reserve, more intense results attributed because of conservation efforts. In 1988, the Department of Wildlife was responsible for the evictions of thousands of people from the Mkomazi Game Reserve. The result of the evictions and restrictions to land use, as Dowie put it, “is a gradual community and cultural meltdown.” Many neighboring communities have become violence and hostile as the result of animosity and tension between indigenous people and the parks. Due to overgrazing and restrictions on land use, many of the traditional pastoralists “were forced to reduce or completely sell off their herds and learn to cultivate grains and legumes on small plots of arid land. Some turned to poaching for a living, others prostitution… young men who sold their herds turned to profligate lives, and when their money ran out they became low-wage farm workers and small-time hustlers. Young women facing a shrinking pool of potential husbands sell community essentials such as charcoal, traditional medicines, milk from borrowed goats, or, saddest of all, themselves” (Dowie, 2009). Because of the decline of resources and the displacement to unfertile lands, many pastoralists have resorted to bush meat as a way of subsistence and trade. This is a direct threat to the declining population of apes and the spread of infectious diseases like AIDS. This is a sensitive and difficult situation for not only cultural anthropologist but for biological anthropologists and primatologists. How does one protect an endangered species while limiting the spread of the most infectious disease to mankind when conservationists limit land use for the natives? To an anthropologist, the very thing that conservationists are trying to protect is the very thing they are destroying. 
The Ogiek tribes of the Mau Forest are also targets of land restrictions and evacuations from their native lands. The Ogiek tribe has been described as a peaceful group of people who specialize in cultivating honeybees, but will grow beans and potatoes if needed to. The Ogiek subsist on animals that are only in abundance in the forest. Once the tribe notices a decline in population of a particular animal due to hunting, the Ogiek will practice “self-imposed conservation” by raising sheep and goats for food. The animals that are killed are for their use only and the Ogiek do not participate in the bush meat market. They are regarded as “the best imaginable conservators of land” (Dowie, 2009). The first attempt to displace the Ogiek people was as early as the 1900s, when British settlers attempted to clear out the forest areas for tea plantations. Through the Forest Act of 1957 and the Wildlife Conservation Act of 1977, governments have continuously displaced the Ogiek for forest conservation and were often moved to lands that were unfertile and useless to their customary lifestyle of bee production and animal hunting. This displacement caused many of the Ogiek to be homeless, in poverty, and suffered from sicknesses and their life expectancy declined from sixty to forty-six years (Dowie, 2009). In June 2005, it was issued to stop the evictions through High Court order, but was later appealed five months later. During the case it was emphasized that the Ogiek were not fit to inhabit the Mau Forest, yet the courts failed to mention the destruction that was taking place due to illegal, massive logging operations. Presently, ecologists and hydrologists are now giving credit to what the Ogiek have been saying for years; that Kenya forests are the main suppliers of water for the nation and if not preserved, would result is massive starvations and death. Already Kenya’s forests have started to decline.
Western Africa.
In the West African country of Guinea, deforestation has become the historical and environmental norm. Since record, only 1.8 percent of the country’s natural “tropical moist forest” remains. In order to preserve the remaining forested lands, conservationists have set aside swaths of land that are deemed protected, imposing restrictions on hunting, farming, and residency. As a result, a staggering 663,000 persons have been displaced from the three protected areas and are now labeled conservation refugees. This trend continues throughout the region with similar data in the neighboring countries. Liberia claims over 120,000 refugees of its own while Senegal is home to 65,000 displaced individuals out of its nine protected areas. Ghana, to the east, contains 35,000 refugees while only 6 percent of its remaining forests are maintained in 9 Protected Areas (PAs) (Weber, 2001).
In the Ziami Forest Reserve, in the country of Guinea, sections of land in the south eastern panhandle have been cordoned off in an effort to preserve the growing forest and savannah that was the traditional home of the Toma people (Fairhead). It has been observed by both Benjamin Anderson, a 19th-century anthropologist, as well as anthropology professors James Fairhead and Melissa Leach, that, based on the oral history of the Toma people, it was through their careful cultivation of high-forest areas that the Ziami forest was allowed to flourish over the remaining savannah. It is ironic and unfortunate then, that the efforts of the Toma people to maintain or even add biological diversity to their area is the very reason that conservationists were attracted to the area and subsequently evicted them.
Southern Africa.
A group of people that have faced hardship and in some cases displacement from the lands they call home are the Basarwa, also known as the San and the Bushmen. These people have long occupied the areas of the Kalahari Desert in Botswana, subsisting as hunter-gathers. One of the main issues problems that the San have encountered in trying to maintain their location and culture is that they have do not have claim to any land as their own. The government views the Basarwa as a nomadic people, and as such they have no claim to any specific territory (Bolaane 2004). This is true in that the Basarwa do not claim any set village boundaries. The concepts of territory that the Basarwa are associated with are related to utilitarian purposes suiting their hunter-gather culture, rather than outright ownership of the land (Bolaane 2004).
Prior to becoming an independent nation, Botswana was a colonial holding of the British Empire. While the colonial government did not view the Basarwa of property owners, they did establish a game reserve of 52,000 square kilometers for them to make their livelihood on. As the Basarwa population grew, animal populations began to dwindle as a result of the Basarwa’s hunter-gatherer lifestyle. Declining animal populations as well as a desire to promote tourism and reduce costs as well as a desire to integrate the Baswarwa into the modern society of Botswana, led the government to consider moving the Basarwa off the game reserves (Ikeya 2001). The government of Botswana also tried other conservation measures in the form of Special Game Licenses. The purpose of these license’s was to allow for the Basarwa to maintain their subsistence lifestyle in a way that would keep manage the animal populations around them. To qualify for a Special Game License several criteria, such as being a nomadic person, hunting with traditional weapons, not using horses, dogs or other hunting aids, and even attire, such as a breech cloth, were considered. The licenses were given to qualified people for free and they allowed people preset numbers of certain animals year round as opposed to the standard April to September hunting season (Hitchcock 2001). The innovation of the Special Game Licenses did not solve problem of dwindling animal populations and many officials believed that they were being abused. As a result of these fears, the government began to scale back the distribution of these Special Game Licenses (Hithcock 2001). The government of Botswana along with some NGOs and the Department of Wildlife and National Parks in Botswana again began considering relocation.
It is important to note that from the 1960s until the present day, in various regions throughout the Kalahari desert different groups of Basarwa are dealing with pressure to be relocated, there is not one unified group of Basarwa people, rather there are bands of them occupying many areas and different game reserves. In the 1960s groups of Basarwa were relocated not once but twice as a result of the creation of the Moremi Game Reserve (Bolaane 2004). This was not a forced relocation, rather it was discussed with the Basarwa at the time, but the people still have bitter feelings about it. They understood the need for conservation and wanted to help in preserving the land they so relied upon, but they were unaware that they would be displaced from the land all together (Bolaane 2004). Relocation also had profound effects on their lifestyle. The Basarwa got limited access to the land forcing them to come up with new survival tactics. In many instances this meant getting earning a wage by finding a job, often in some way related to the newly created game reserves. However, because of their social status they were often not treated well by their employers (Bolaane 2004).
When groups of Basarwa did agree to relocation from the Central Kalahari Game Reserve(CKGR) in the 1990s adaptation to a new lifestyle was not always easy and in many cases some people ended up moving back to the game reserve (Ikeya 2001). One of the things that made relocation to established settlements so difficult for the Basarwa is that these settlements are usually planned out and organized for a lifestyle that is completely foreign to the Basarwa, land ownership. As a result many of them have chosen to live outside the settlement in the bushes in a manner that is much more familiar to them (Ikeya 2001). Life in the new settlements has been markedly different for the Basarwa, they no longer hunt the same kinds of animals that they have long been accustomed to, and as previously mentioned they have taken up more conventional means of employment. 
The Basarwa have taken things into their own hands when it comes to pushing back against relocation. They founded their own NGO called the First People of the Kalahari (FPK) in 1992 to act on their behalf in issues concerning land rights. The purpose of the FPK is to gain social acceptance for the Basarwa, secure land use rights, and allow them to follow their own course of development (Ikeya 2001).
Role of BINGOs.
BINGOs (Big International Non-Government Organizations) are often the source of controversy due to their partnering “with multinational corporations—particularly in the businesses of gas and oil, pharmaceuticals, and mining—that are directly involved in pillaging and destroying forest areas owned by indigenous peoples” (Chapin, 2004). As anthropologist Jim Igoe points out, “Ironically, there is growing evidence that national parks themselves are contributing to the very problems that advocates of community conservation are trying to solve… The loss of natural resources to indigenous resource management systems that these evictions entailed frequently forced local people to mine natural resources in the area to which they were restricted” (Igoe, 2002). As highlighted in the introduction by Chapin, the funding for conservation efforts have reverted from the need to work with indigenous people and local communities “with a new focus on large-scale conservation strategies and the importance of science, rather than social realities, in determining their agendas” (Chapin, 2004). The most disdainful issue that indigenous people have with BINGOs is how they convey support for indigenous people but then turn around and align with extractive corporations. Often indigenous people have to battle with those very business that funded BINGOs over land rights and almost always BINGOs often turn the blind eye when evictions were taking place.

</doc>
<doc id="19147903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147903" title="Shankar Pratap Singh Bundela">
Shankar Pratap Singh Bundela

Shankar Pratap Singh Bundela belongs to village Basari block Rajnagar, which was his former Estate under Madhya Pradesh.
He is popularly known as Munna Raja.
Family.
Shankar Pratap Singh Bundela married VijayShree Singh in 1984. The couple has two sons and a daughter.
Social Life.
Since 1997, he has been continuously organising 'Bundeli Festival' (known as Bundeli Utsav) at village Basari to preserve and promote Bundelkhand's Culture and Tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="19147927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147927" title="Ikwo people">
Ikwo people

The Ikwo are a subgroup of the Igbo people who live in southeastern Nigeria. The area is rich in mineral resources, and the ancestors of today’s inhabitants developed bronze-casting techniques over a thousand years ago, some found in the town of Igbo Ukwu. The creativity and technical skill demonstrated by those early Igbo bronze, metal and terra cotta crafters is recognized as among the finest in the history of the world. They number around 360,000
See also.
Igbo people

</doc>
<doc id="19147953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147953" title="Fountain Valley (British Columbia)">
Fountain Valley (British Columbia)

Fountain Valley, officially named Three Lake Valley and also known as the Fountain Lakes Valley, is a valley and rural community located on the east flank of Fountain Ridge, just east of the town of Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada and immediately south of the First Nations reserve community of Fountain. The valley is historically significant as part of the River Trail, which ran up the length of the Fraser River from Yale to Big Bar and beyond, diverging at various points to connect to trails farther east and with the Old Cariboo Road at Fountain, then known as the Upper Fountains and an important junction and staging-ground for freight wagons and travellers bound northwards to the Cariboo goldfields. The trail through the valley, which developed into a wagon road whose roadgrade is largely used by today's road through the valley, climbs a steep grade from its southern end, near Fountainview Farms on the Fraser, and descends relatively gently towards Fountain. The three lakes in the valley, which give it its official name, are Cinquefoil Lake, Kwotlenemo Lake (aka Fountain Lake), and Chilhil Lake, the three of them collectively being known as the Fountain Lakes. All three are noted for their fly-fishing and are regularly stocked by the provincial wildlife service. There are many recreational dwellings and small ranches forming a community in the valley, which is something of a rural "suburb" of Lillooet.
Indian reserves of the Fountain Indian Band located in this valley are Fountain Creek Indian Reserve No. 8, Fountain Indian Reserve No. 4, and Fountain Indian Reserve No. 12, all on Fountain Creek north of the Fountain Lakes, Chilhil Indian Reserve No. 6, south of Chilhil Lake, Fish Lake Indian Reserve No. 7 at the south end of Cinquefoil Lake. and Quatlenemo Indian Reserve No. 5.

</doc>
<doc id="19147969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147969" title="Dehwelans Kernow">
Dehwelans Kernow

Dehwelans Kernow (Cornish for "Homecoming") is a modern festival held in Cornwall intended to encourage people of Cornish descent from around the world. 
The festival celebrates Cornish Music, theatre, film, and has talks, walks and exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19147971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147971" title="From the Land of the Sky-Blue Water">
From the Land of the Sky-Blue Water

"From the Land of the Sky-Blue Water" is a popular song published in 1909. Charles Wakefield Cadman composed the music based on an Omaha love song collected by Alice C. Fletcher. "Sky-blue water" is a translation of the name "Minnesota" from Dakota into English. Nelle Richmond Eberhart wrote the poem that goes with the music:
A pretty, lyrical and jazzy version is performed by Harpo Marx in the 1940 film "Go West", featuring his harp accompanied by a flute-playing Indian chief. Hamm's Beer also used the music for its advertising jingle.
A snatch is sung by Blanche DuBois in "A Streetcar Named Desire" by Tennessee Williams in Scene Two while she is in the bathroom.

</doc>
<doc id="19147972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147972" title="Valea Papii River">
Valea Papii River

The Valea Papii River ( ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19147989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147989" title="The Public Square">
The Public Square

"The Public Square" is a poem from the second
edition (1931) of 
Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry,
"Harmonium." It was first
published in 1923, so it is one of
the few poems in the collection that is not free of copyright, but it
is quoted here in full as justified by fair use for scholarly
commentary.
The violence of an edifice's demolition is matched by the violence of
the poem's language, particularly in the first two stanzas. The
slow-motion collapse is captured in the surreal atmosphere created by
the third stanza. The final stanza etches a precise image of the
square's clearing.
The harshness of the poem can be compared to the brutal encounter with
Berserk in "Anecdote of the Prince of Peacocks", with which it shares
an architectural motif.
Buttel detects the influence of Cubism.

</doc>
<doc id="19147993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19147993" title="Józef Piłsudski Institute of America">
Józef Piłsudski Institute of America

The Józef Piłsudski Institute of America (full name: Józef Piłsudski Institute of America for Research in the Modern History of Poland) was created in New York City in July 1943. It is an archive, museum and research center devoted to the study of modern Polish history and named after the Polish interwar statesman Józef Piłsudski.
History.
Origins.
The Piłsudski Institute of America, a research organization and archive, came into being during the General Assembly of the National Committee of Americans of Polish Extraction (KNAPP), held at the Washington Hotel in New York City on July 3-4, 1943. The eight-member organizational committee included three prominent colleagues of Marshal Józef Piłsudski from the interwar period: Wacław Jędrzejewicz, former Minister of Education; Henryk Floyar-Rajchman, former Minister of Commerce and Industry; and Ignacy Matuszewski, former Finance Minister. Also present were well-known Polish-Americans, among them Franciszek Januszewski, editor of the Detroit "Polish Daily"; Maksymilian Węgrzynek, editor of the New York "Nowy Świat"; and Lucjan Kupferwasser and W. Skubikowski from Chicago.
Jędrzejewicz commented on that event in one of his press releases: "Taking advantage of the presence of several prominent Polish émigré activists, we decided to bring to fruition a plan that had been in the works for a long time, namely, to call into existence on July 4 the Józef Piłsudski Institute, dedicated to the research of the most recent history of Poland." This newly created entity picked up the tradition of an earlier research center established in Warsaw in 1923 and renamed after Marshal Piłsudski after his death in 1936. The organizers of the New York research center were keenly aware of the importance of collecting documents related to such a crucial period in Polish history as World War II. The initiative was also welcomed by the Polish government-in-exile - the Prime Minister and Commander-in-Chief at the time, General Władysław Sikorski and his two successors, General Kazimierz Sosnkowski (Commander-in-Chief) and Prime Minister Stanisław Mikołajczyk.
The death of General Sikorski on July 4, 1943 coincided with the disclosure by the Germans of the massacre of Polish officers in Katyn Forest by the Soviet NKVD. The appeal made to the International Red Cross by the Polish government-in-exile for an investigation of the atrocity was used by Stalin as a pretext to break off Polish-Russian diplomatic relations. This was a critical moment; Poland’s historical and cultural heritage were now at risk from both the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany. After displacing the Red Army from the eastern regions of Poland, the Nazis occupied the entire country; their aim was the destruction of Polish scholarship and cultural heritage. This plan was being implemented through the extermination of the middle class, the intelligentsia, systematic plundering of libraries and museums, and by forbidding cultural, educational, and artistic activities. These actions were reinforced by mass arrests and deportations to concentration camps (such as Sonderaktion Krakau), which led to the murder of nearly all faculty of the Jagiellonian University. The closure of the Polish Academy of Sciences and other research and academic institutions left no doubt as to the Germans' intentions.
Matters looked grim across Axis-occupied Europe. After the surrender of France in 1940 and the addition of Italy to the German war effort, all outposts of the Polish Academy of Sciences in Paris and Rome ceased to function. The day after the Germans entered the French capital, Gestapo agents appeared in the Polish Library on the Île St. Louis. Although the library's director, Franciszek Pułaski, had removed the most valuable items and taken them to the south of France, the Germans confiscated or destroyed the remaining book collection and the building. Only in Great Britain and the United States did the Poles had any possibility of conducting scholarly and cultural activities.
At the organizational meeting of the Institute, the following decisions were taken:
Franciszek Januszewski was named head of the Organization Committee, Ignacy Matuszewski his deputy, Marta Kozłowska from New Jersey secretary and Józef Piech treasurer. The remaining members of the committee were Henryk Floryar-Rajchman, Maksymilian Węgrzyk, Lucjan Kupferwasser, W. Skubikowski and Jan Z. Dodatko from Detroit. On July 5, 1943 at its first meeting, Wacław Jędrzejewicz became the first director of the newly created Piłsudski Institute of America. The basis of the Institute’s bylaws was adopted, specifying that "The Institute’s principal aim is the collection, preservation, and research of documents related to Poland’s most recent history starting in 1863, creation of archives of historical texts, publishing of books and of academic papers pertinent to that field, offering scholarships for research in the history of Poland, organizing lectures and conferences" as well as – most importantly - gathering pertinent documents for rebuilding the collections of the Institute in Warsaw which were destroyed by the Germans and Russians.
At the second meeting of the Committee on September 16 of that year, Januszewski resigned as president and was replaced on an interim basis by Ignacy Matuszewski until the General Assembly of all members and election of a new board. The third meeting of the Committee took place on December 16, when the president "pro tempore" reported on the Institute’s activities to date and the state of its finances. The final version of the bylaws was voted on, and 48 regular members joined. Other membership categories were established (supporting, life and correspondent members). 
The beginnings of this new entity, located at 105 East 22nd Street in Manhattan, were modest; the treasury contained $30. During the summer Jędrzejewicz toured areas with large Polish populations (including Detroit, Chicago and Philadelphia), giving presentations, explaining the goals and the reasons behind the Institute, and recruiting new members. This activity also intended to forge bonds between pro-independence Polish communities, encourage collection and preservation of important archival documents and to have them transferred to the Institute. As a result, the Institute received a valuable collection of books and documents related to World War II and the activities of Polish groups in France, Great Britain, and the Near East.
After World War II.
The original intent of reconstructing the Institute which had existed before the war in Warsaw was not feasible because of the Yalta Agreement, leaving the Polish nation for the next half-century within the Soviet sphere of influence. International recognition of the Polish government-in-exile was canceled on July 5, 1945 by Great Britain and the US (and subsequently by most members of the newly created United Nations), followed by the recognition of the Provisional Government of National Unity in Warsaw and the acceptance of the results of the election held under Russian control in January 1947. In consequence, the founders of the Institute (including the board) opted for operating a permanent and independent research organization. Its mission was now not only to gather and consolidate documents related to current political affairs, but also to disseminate accurate historical knowledge about Poland and her recent history.
It was an ambitious undertaking, since the institute's founders could not count on any assistance from the Polish government-in-exile in London. From its earliest days, the functioning of the Institute depended on financial help offered by Polish émigré activists, dues and donations. From the end of the 1940s, when the National Committee of Polish-Americans ceased to exist, the activities and statements by leaders of the Institute were perceived as "sui generis" instructions for the independence circles. These people formed a highly cohesive group, which (faithful to Marshal Piłsudski’s ideals) refused to accept any compromise concerning Poland’s independence and the integrity of her borders. They rejected the position espoused by then-Prime Minister Stanisław Mikołajczyk which promoted accepting the Treaty of Yalta and the Provisional Government of National Unity (TRJN) and later took a firmly anti-communist stand, refusing all contacts with organizations in the People's Republic of Poland (PRL). From 1943 onwards those involved with the Institute were critical of the political stance of the great powers, accusing them of betraying Poland. That attitude isolated of the Institute, particularly in the 1960s and 1970s when a significant number of Polish-Americans opted for some form of contact with certain PRL organizations (if only to be able to revisit the country of their birth). 
In the early stages of the Institute’s existence there were hopes for expanding its mission beyond the United States into other countries, where there were prominent Polish politicians and military personnel. Contact was established with the Piłsudski Group in the Middle East where Janusz Jędrzejewicz, Wiktor T. Drymmer, Tadeusz Schaetzel and others were active. This cooperation continued after the group moved to Lebanon. An affiliate of the Institute was also established in Ankara through a group of politicians, among them Michał Sokolnicki. A Józef Piłsudski Society (still active as of 2011) was organized in São Paulo, Brazil; among its members were Czesław Świrski and Karol Przetakiewicz. These efforts did not produce long-lasting results, however, mainly because of continuing migration of the military and politicians to London. After his visit to Canada and the United States in 1946, General Władysław Bortnowski founded the Piłsudski Institute in London on March 15, 1947 with the participation of Janusz Gołuchowski, Ludwika Piskora, Wacława Stachiewicz, Stefan Dęba-Biernacki, Jan Piłsudski, Juliusz Łukasiewicz, Edward Kleszczyński and others. At first it was viewed as an affiliate of the Institute in New York, but later became independent.
From its inception the Piłsudski Institute of America struggled with many problems (mostly financial), trying to survive while continuing its activities according to its founding principles. It survived during that critical period because of the efforts of its founders and directors, who donated their time and effort from its foundation. Some of the founders, chairmen, directors, and active members were Franciszek Januszewski, Ignacy Matuszewski, Maksymilian Węgrzynek, Wacław Jędrzejewicz, Marian Chodacki, Adam Koc, Jan Kowalski, Stefan Łodzieski, General Wincenty Kowalski, Damian Wandycz, General Władysław Bortnowski, Henryk Floyar-Rajchman, and in later years Aleksander Mełeń-Korczyński, Michał Budny, Halina Janiszewska, Andrzej Zatemba, Tadeusz Pawłowicz, Danuta and Andrzej Cisek, Stanisław Jordanowski, Zarema Bau, Magdalena Kapuścińska, Andrzej Beck, Czesław Karkowski, Jerzy Prus, Janusz Cisek and Jacek Gałązka. Due to their efforts, financial support and fundraising initiatives the Institute survived and eventually flourished, developing its activities in publishing and cataloging its extensive collection. Its unique library of documents and source material unavailable in Poland (or in other collections abroad) continue to attract many visitors who utilize these research materials. Among those who have visited the Institute over the years for information and advice are Americans, Englishmen, Belorussians, Ukrainians, Danes, Germans, Japanese and Lithuanians.
During the 1940s, members of the Institute began an outreach to like-minded foreigners such as Henryk Wereszycki. At that time, efforts were undertaken to help former Prime Minister of Poland Kazimierz Świtalski and Col. Wacław Lipiński to leave Poland. Publications and other materials were also sent to Poland, to Stanisław Płoski and others. These contacts were interrupted at the end of the 1940s during Stalinism and resumed after the “political thawing” in October 1956, when it became easier to travel from Poland to the West. At that time, Polish students who received scholarships from American foundations and from the Kościuszko Foundation began visiting the Institute. Efforts were made to single out independent scholars and researchers who, after their return to Poland, would present an unbiased picture of World War II without the communist ideological influence. Inspiring a truly independent thought process in Poland only became possible in the 1970s and '80s, however, when the Institute developed its own scholarship program supporting young scholars belonging to non-communist political groups.
Since 1989.
Following the fall of the communist government in Poland in 1989, the Piłsudski Institute of America became an officially-recognized organization; its increased stature in Poland was evidenced by visits from senior members of the Polish government. In 1991 the former president of the Republic of Poland visited the Institute, followed in 1992 by then-Prime Minister Jan Olszewski. Due to the political and economic changes in Poland it became possible to develop active cooperation with Polish academic and research institutions, such as the National Library in Warsaw, the Ossolineum Institute in Wrocław, Jagiellonian University in Cracow, and the Warsaw University library. After extensive reorganization of the library collection in the mid-1990s it was discovered that the Institute possessed duplicate copies of certain publications, which were then offered to American and Polish academic institutions and the University of Düsseldorf. Duplicate copies of books were presented to regional libraries in Bytom, Słupsk, Kielce and Rzeszów. With the assistance of Jan Malicki (editor of the magazine "Przegląd Wschodni"), some books found their way to libraries and schools in the former Polish eastern regions of present-day Ukraine and Belarus. In addition to the cooperation with the National Library in Warsaw (which sent librarians to help organize the Institute’s library) the National Archives in Warsaw offer the aid of archivists, who help to modernize the document collections annually with the help of the Kosciuszko Foundation.
Publications.
During its years as an émigré political outpost, the Institute made efforts to publish trustworthy sources of recent Polish history. Examples of that activity are the English-language editions of "Poland in the British Parliament", volumes 1-3 (edited by Wacław Jędrzejewicz) and memoirs of former Polish ambassador to Paris Juliusz Łukasiewicz and former Polish ambassador to Berlin Józef Lipski. Other English-language publications of scholars connected with the Institute are those of Marian K. Dziewanowski, Janusz K. Zawodny, Stanisław Blejwas, Piotr Wandycz, Anna Cięciała and Tytus Komarnicki. At the same time, both Institutes (in London and New York) published the magazine "Niepodległość" ("Independence"), originally begun in 1930s Warsaw by the Institute of Research of Recent History of Poland. Published by the Institute were books by Professor Wacław Jędrzejewicz: "Kronika Życia Józefa Piłsudskiego" (a biography of Józef Piłsudski) in two volumes and the four-volume "Kalendarium Życia Józefa Piłsudskiego" ("Chronicle of the Life of Józef Piłsudski", co-authored with Janusz Cisek); "Krzyż Niepodległości, wspomnienia ze służby w Legionach" (a memoir of service in the Piłsudski Legions) by Józef Herzog; and "Wspomnienia", a memoir by Juliusz Tarnowski. 
The research materials assembled at the Institute have been used in exhibitions, films and publications including "Bitter Glory" by Richard M. Watt; "The Heart of Europe: A Short History of Poland" by Norman Davies; "The Exile Mission: The Polish Political Diaspora and Polish Americans 1939-1956" by Anna Jaroszyńska-Kirchman; the US Holocaust Memorial Museum's internet exhibit "Fight and Rescue"; and the film "The World was Ours: The Jewish Legacy of Vilna", directed by Mia Van Doren. The Institute continues to present exhibitions and lectures. Lecturers and presenters at the Institute have included prominent writers, Solidarity activists and academics: Wojciech Ziembiński, Marian Gołębiewski, Janusz Onyszkiewicz, Anna Walentynowicz, Piotr Naimski, Andrzej Nowak, Norman Davies, Janusz K. Zawodny, Juliusz Łukasiewicz and Grażyna Jonkaitys-Luba.
Collections.
As of 2011, among Polish libraries and research centers in the USA the Piłsudski Institute of America has the largest collection of documents concerning the recent history of Poland (exceeded only by that of the Hoover Institution at Stanford University in California). The collection includes archives salvaged during World War II from its predecessor (the former Research Institute of Most Recent History of Poland), the Belvedere Collection (part of which consists in the archive of the Commander-in-Chief), materials from the Liquidation Committee of General Lucjan Żeligowski, the archive of the Ukrainian Military Mission in Poland and the archive of the Silesian Uprisings smuggled out of Poland in September 1939.
The original modest archive grew significantly through donations and bequests. New, valuable materials continued to be added from the diplomatic outposts of the Polish Republic, portfolios of private individuals and documents reflecting the organizational efforts of the Polish émigré communities which found themselves in Germany at the end of the war. Documents gathered in the United States constitute about 80% of the Institute’s collection. They illustrate the activities of American Polonia and include materials and documents offered by prominent statesmen, politicians, and military personalities such as historian Władysław Pobóg-Malinowski (who died in France but left his archive in New York). Other archives include those of Józef Lipski, Michał Sokolnicki, Juliusz Łukasiewicz, General Kazimierz Sosnkowski, Jan Weinstein and Tadeusz Katelbach. Organizations such as the Polskie Centrum Informacyjne (Polish Information Center) and Samodzielna Placówka Wywiadowcza ESTEZET (Polish Independent Intelligence Unit) have also archived their documents with the Institute. There are also earlier archives spanning the period from the second half of the 18th century to the middle of the 19th, including the collections of Leon Orłowski (1891-1976) and Walerian Płatonow (from 1818 to 1865). The total collection is estimated at around one million pages of documents.
The Institute’s research library contains about 23,000 volumes. At first the books came mostly from the Polish Information Center and the Ministry of Information and Documentation in London, from the editors of the publications "Rój" and "Płomyk", from the Literary Institute in Paris, Gryf Publishers and the Polish Cultural Foundation. In 1949 the library contained 2,500 volumes but with time the number of books grew, fed by individual and institutional donations (such as donations from Ignacy Matuszewski, Lucjan Kupferwasser, Wacław Jędrzejewicz, General Tadeusz Kasprzycki, General Kazimierz Sosnkowski, Józef Lipski, Michał Sokolnicki, Tadeusz Katelbach, Edward Kleszczyński, Władysław Pobóg-Malinowski and Bohdan Pawłowicz's family.
The Institute also has an audio-visual collection. Included are recordings of people who survived the Soviet labor camps, and personal recollections of politicians like Stefan Korboński and Jerzy (Jur) Lerski. There are about 3,000 press clippings and articles, from "Na Straży" ("On Guard") published in Jerusalem when Polish troops were stationed in Palestine and "Polak w Libanie" ("The Pole in Lebanon", published in Beirut) to press releases from the Solidarity movement. The stamp collection contains postcards and stamps from as far back as 1818, and includes 700 postcards in a section under the heading "The Legions and their Founder”. The medal, medallion and plaque collection includes items such as the medal commemorating the 1808 Battle of Somosierra and 20 medals honoring Marshal Piłsudski. The 20,000-item collection of maps and photographs is a work in progress as of 2011. An art collection of some 240 watercolors, oil paintings and drawings is preserved and displayed at the Institute. It includes works by noted Polish painters Jan Matejko, Juliusz Kossak, Józef Brandt, Wojciech Gerson, Leon Wyczółkowski, Aleksander Gierymski, Julian Fałat, Jacek Malczewski and Stanisław Wyspiański.

</doc>
<doc id="19148016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148016" title="Port of Portland Police (United Kingdom)">
Port of Portland Police (United Kingdom)

The Port of Portland Police are a body of special constables attested under section 79 of the Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act 1847 (as incorporated by Portland Harbour Revision Order 1997). They were established in 1997 when the Portland Harbour Authority Ltd. bought the port from the British Government.

</doc>
<doc id="19148024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148024" title="Joanikije Lipovac">
Joanikije Lipovac

Metropolitan Joanikije Lipovac (born February 16, 1890 in Stoliv, Kotor in Boka Kotorska - died in 1945, executed by Yugoslav Partisans) was a metropolitan of the Metropolitanate of Montenegro and the Littoral of the Serbian Orthodox Church and in Belgrade in 1999 his name was entered into the List of Serbian Church Saints.
Joanikije was born as Jovan Lipovac to Špiro Lipovac and Marija Damjanović on February 16, 1890 in Stoliv in the Bay of Kotor in what was then the Kingdom of Dalmatia within the Austro-Hungarian Empire. He finished elementary school in Prčanj and gymnasium in Kotor. He graduated in Orthodox theology in Zadar and philosophy at the University of Belgrade. After being ordained her served in Kotor and Lastva. From 1925 to 1940 he taught as a professor in Belgrade. In 1939 he was named episcope of the Eparchy of Budim. The following year he was named metropolitan of Montenegro and the Littoral. 
Soon after taking the position of metropolitan, the April War brought the Second World War to Yugoslavia and resulted in the establishment of an independent Montenegro as the protectorate of Fascist Italy. Joanikije collaborated with the occupying Italian and German forces and supported the activities of the Serbian Chetniks. Joanikije was at the head of the column of Montenegrin Chetniks which attempted to flee Yugoslavia at war's end through Germany. Joanikije was captured by Yugoslav Partisans on May 12 near Celje and taken to Zagreb. On orders from Milovan Đilas, he was transferred to Belgrade. He was subsequently killed near Aranđelovac on June 18, 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19148025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148025" title="Creationist museum">
Creationist museum

A creationist museum is a facility hosting exhibits which mimic the established natural history museum format to present a creationist view that the Earth and life on Earth were created some 6,000 to 10,000 years ago in six days. These facilities generally promote Biblically-literalist creationism and contest evolutionary science, which has led to heavy criticism from the scientific community.

</doc>
<doc id="19148031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148031" title="Zboiska">
Zboiska

Zboiska may refer to the following villages in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19148045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148045" title="Port of Portland Police">
Port of Portland Police

Port of Portland Police may refer to two police forces:

</doc>
<doc id="19148057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148057" title="Jaques Morelenbaum">
Jaques Morelenbaum

Jaques Morelenbaum (, Rio de Janeiro, May 18, 1954) is a Brazilian instrumentalist, arranger, conductor, composer and music producer.
Morelenbaum is the son of conductor Henrique Morelenbaum and piano teacher Sarah Morelenbaum. His siblings are Lucia Morelenbaum, clarinetist of the Brazilian Symphony Orchestra; and Eduardo Morelenbaum, conductor, arranger and instrumentalist. He is married to the singer Paula Morelenbaum.
He started his musical career as part of the group A Barca do Sol, and participated in the Nova Banda that performed with Antonio Carlos Jobim and shows and recordings that led to a Grammy win for the CD "Antonio Brasileiro". A cellist, he studied music in Brazil and later joined the New England Conservatory of Music. In 1995, with Paula Morelenbaum, Paulo Jobim and Daniel Jobim, he created the "Quarteto Jobim Morelenbaum". The group toured Europe several times, including an appearance at the "Expo'98" held in Lisbon. They also toured the United States and Brazil and recorded a CD ("Quarteto Jobim Morelenbaum").
"Nordeste Já" ("Northeast Right Now").
Morelenbaum sang in the choir of the Brazilian version of "We Are the World", the hit American song that raised funds for African relief via "USA for Africa". The project "Nordeste Já" (1985), embraced the cause of the Northeast drought. 155 voices joined in a single, collective creation, with the songs "Chega de mágoa" and "Seca d´água". Praised for the competency of individual interpretations, he was also criticized for failure to harmonize the voices and the framework of each of them in chorus.
As arranger, he worked alongside Tom Jobim ("Passarim, O tempo e o vento, Tom Jobim: inédito" and "Antônio Brasileiro"), Caetano Veloso ("Circuladô, Circuladô vivo, Fina estampa', Fina estampa, ao vivo, Tieta do agreste, Prenda minha, Livro" and "Homaggio a Fellini e Giulieta"), Gal Costa ("Mina d'água do meu canto"), Paula Morelenbaum, Ivan Lins, Barão Vermelho and Skank, among others, besides the album "Piazzollando" (honoring the work of Ástor Piazzolla) in which Morelenbaum also served as instrumentalist, conductor, and producer. The disc was considered by Argentina as one of the 10 best of 1992. He wrote arrangements for records of Marisa Monte and Carlinhos Brown and the acoustic disc of Titãs, which amounted to 1.5 million copies sold.
With Gilberto Gil and Bem Gil, Morelenbaum toured the USA in March 2010 as "The String Concert featuring Jacques Morelenbaum & Bem Gil." 
International partners.
He also served as arranger, at works by international artists such as Portuguese band Madredeus, Portuguese singer Dulce Pontes, Japanese group Gontiti, Angolan composer Paulo Flores, Scottish/American musician David Byrne, Cape Verdean singer Cesária Évora and pianist and composer Ryuichi Sakamoto, among others. Among his best known work is "Transparente", in partnership with Mariza. In 2001, he participated as cellist on the recording of the DVD "All this time", by Sting. In 2008, he produced and arranged the Mexican singer Julieta Venegas MTV Unplugged. In 2010, he was the arranger for Omar Sosa's "Ceremony" album (World Village WVF479042) with the NDR Bigband.
Movies.
Morelenbaum appears alongside Caetano Veloso in a cameo role in "Talk to Her" (), by Pedro Almodóvar. He composed, in partnership with Antonio Pinto, the soundtrack to "Central Station" () (which received the "Prêmio Sharp" (Sharp Award) for "Best Soundtrack"). Orfeu do Carnaval, Tieta do Agreste, and O Quatrilho are among others works. Besides these works, ruled the symphony orchestras of Bahia and Brasilia in some presentations.
As part of the Morelenbaum2/Sakamoto ensemble, he released the CD "Casa" in 2002 with Paula Morelenbaum, guitarist Luiz Brasil, and pianist Ryuichi Sakamoto. The project was recorded in the home of Tom Jobim, composer of all the songs on the disc. This group performed in jazz festivals at Montreux, Vienna, Lisbon, Porto, Rome, and Milan, among others, and in 2003 released a live album, "A Day in New York".

</doc>
<doc id="19148060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148060" title="Valea la Șipot River">
Valea la Șipot River

The Valea la Șipot River ( ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19148075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148075" title="John Forman (Protestant martyr)">
John Forman (Protestant martyr)

John Forman was a Protestant martyr burned at the stake in East Grinstead, England, on 18 July 1556 along with two others.

</doc>
<doc id="19148078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148078" title="Juan Pablo Reyes">
Juan Pablo Reyes

Juan Pablo "JP" Reyes (born August 2, 1985 in Guayaquil) is an Ecuadorian footballer who currently plays for Syracuse Silver Knights in the Major Indoor Soccer League (2008-).
Career.
Youth and Amateur.
Reyes grew up in Florida, attending William R. Boone High School where he was an All State soccer player, and playing club soccer for the Ajax American soccer club. Reyes did not play college soccer, but did play in the USL Premier Development League for the Cocoa Expos in 2006 and Central Florida Kraze in 2007.
Professional.
Reyes spent the 2007-2008 indoor season with the Orlando Sharks of Major Indoor Soccer League. On April 16, 2008, the Rochester Rhinos of the USL First Division announced the signing of Reyes. Bill Sedgewick, a former Rhinos player, recommended Reyes to the Rhinos coaching staff.
After a year out of the competitive game in 2009, Reyes returned to play for Central Florida Kraze in the PDL in 2010, making his first appearance of the season on June 24 against the Bradenton Academics.

</doc>
<doc id="19148088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148088" title="London Buses route K4">
London Buses route K4

London Buses route K4 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, United Kingdom. The service is currently contracted to London United.
History.
Route K4 is part of the K-prefix network of services run around Kingston upon Thames, first introduced in 1987, although route K4 was not part of the original network. The service was introduced in 1990, to provide a link to Kingston from the new Mansfield Park Estate, it used small MCW Metroriders.
Route 71 ran on a partly parallel route, it needed double-deckers to cope with capacity. However, it ran via a slightly longer route than the K4 and so the minibuses on the K4 began to become crowded. To avoid this, in 1993, a route change occurred, as part of the K-prefix network changes. Route K1 swapped with route 71 between Surbiton and Kingston, while the K4 swapped its direct route with route K3. These changes made route 71 the quickest route into Kingston, reversing the fortunes of the K4, which from then only really carries passengers from Mansfield Park Estate and Villiers Avenue.
In November 2000, the route was amended at both ends. At Mansfield Park Estate the loop working was extended to serve Winey Park, a new housing estate. At the other end of the route, buses started to run to Kingston Hospital. The extension became too much for the K4's allocation of 3 buses for its PVR, and so when the K-prefix routes came up for re-tender in 2001, it was proposed to be withdrawn. The replacement would be provided by extending route K2 at both ends. Part of the plan was dropped, because journey times would be extended and the larger buses used on route K2 wouldn't fit round the Mansfield Estate section of route K4, which used 8.8m buses, and 8.8m buses wouldn't be able to cope with demand on route K2. The extension of route K2 to Kingston Hospital went ahead, with route K4 being withdrawn on that section. At the same time, the route around Mansfield Estate amended to provide a proper bus stand in Ripon Gardens, with buses serving Winey Park bi-directionally. As part of the new tender, the route also gained an hourly evening service (still remaining half hourly during the day) and new low-floor Plaxton Pointer 2 bodied Dennis Dart SLF single deckers.
Soon later, numerous passenger requests were received for the extension to Kingston Hospital to be restored. One of the proposals was initially linked with an idea to extend the route to Epsom and replace route 467. As last time, the proposals were scrapped for a number of reasons. Funding from Surrey Council for the increased level of service that would have been provided over route 467, difficulty of finding a suitable route, worries of overcrowded small buses on schools loadings, and making the route too long and therefore unreliable. After some additional concerns about where the route would stand at the hospital the extension went ahead, using a fourth bus from 19 March 2005. The timetable was designed so that buses could share the stand with Travel Surreys route 514.
Since its introduction, route K4 has been operated by companies related to Transdev London. At first it was run by Westlink, which was purchased by London United in the 1990s, and the service was run by London United themselves. It is now run by their direct successor, Transdev London. Westlink used a variety of minibuses, predominately MCW Metroriders. When London United took over, the service was run by Plaxton Pointer bodied Dennis Dart single deckers. Low floor vehicles were introduced following the new contract in 2001, with a batch of Plaxton Pointer 2 bodied Dennis Dart SLF single deckers were introduced.
On 29 June 2013, route K4 was retained by London United with existing Alexander Dennis Enviro200 Dart single deckers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19148093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148093" title="Józef Piłsudski Institute">
Józef Piłsudski Institute

Józef Piłsudski Institute can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19148094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148094" title="Urartu–Assyria War">
Urartu–Assyria War

The Urartu–Assyria War was a conflict between the Kingdom of Urartu and the Neo-Assyrian Empire. The war began around 714 BC, with the invasion of Urartu by the Assyrian King Sargon II. Sargon led multiple offensives deep into Urartuan territory, amassing numerous victories in the war. Following his death, however, Urartuan Kings Argishti II and Rusa II launched many successful counterattacks, reclaiming Urartu's lost territory and gaining some from Assyria. However, their successors suffered multiple major defeats, resulting in Urartu becoming an Assyrian client state.
Background.
The Iron Age Kingdom of Urartu began its rise to power in the mid-9th century BC. Within a century, the relatively new state had conquered the majority of the Armenian Highlands. However, the Assyrian King Tiglath-Pileser III saw the rising Kingdom of Urartu as a growing threat to the safety of his kingdom. As an aggressive, warmongering state, the Assyrian leadership deemed that they must end this threat through direct confrontation with the young kingdom.
Early stages.
In 714 BC, King Sargon II led an offensive into Urartuan territory. His early victories, especially at the Battle of Lake Urmia and his ransack of the head Uratuan temple at Mushashir, almost caused total defeat for his Uratuan counterpart, King Rusa I.
Uratuan counterattack.
After Sargon's death in 706 BC, King Rusa's successor, Argishti II, launched a major counterattack, with his forces driving the Assyrians back across the pre-war border and deep into the Assyrian heartlands, reconquering major towns and cities around Lake Urmia, including Mushashir, Ushnu, and Tepe, and conquering the territory as far south as the city of Nimud on the Tigris River.
Assyrian victory.
After the Uratuan victories during the early part of King Argishti II's reign, Urartu experienced a "Golden Age" characterized by a lengthy peace and economic prosperity throughout the remainder of Arghisti's reign and the entire rule of his successor, Rusa II. However, Kings Rusa III and Rusa IV were repeatedly defeated by the Assyrians. This ultimately turned Urartu into an Assyrian client state, used as a buffer on the northern borders of this powerful empire.
Aftermath.
Both states did not last long after the end of the war. The Assyrian capital, Nineveh, was sacked and destroyed by the Babylonians and Medes in 612 BC. The Medes then turned on Urartu, destroying it c. 590 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="19148096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148096" title="The Shackeltons">
The Shackeltons

The Shackeltons are a post-punk band from Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. Despite the spelling, they are named after the Antarctic explorer Ernest Shackleton.
They received some of their first non-local attention from Seattle, Washington radio station KEXP, which led to shows in several major cities and a contract with Seattle's Loveless Records. They received favorable write-ups in "Spin", "Rolling Stone" and the online music blog New Rock News 43 and appeared at SXSW in Austin, Texas. Their self-titled Loveless debut was released January 29, 2008.
History.
According to the band's website, the band formed in June 2004 and began performing publicly the following September. They recorded a 5-song EP at a local church with Michael Mateer as recording engineer. This netted them an opportunity to play the basement of New York City's Knitting Factory. They met Brooklyn based instrumental band Skeletonbreath, who joined them for numerous shows in a Chambersburg Homeless Shelter warehouse.
In March 2005 the Shackeltons played a live radio broadcast on WEEO-FM, at that time "103.7 the Revolution". The 9-song session netted six tracks for their second release. In October 2005, they returned with Mateer to the same church where they had recorded their first EP, to do a full-length 10-song CD "Red"; the song "Yellow Cadillac" brought them to the attention of Chris Walla of Death Cab for Cutie. In December they recorded a live show in Pittsburgh with a slightly new lineup (Justin McDaniel replaced older brother Josh McDaniel on bass, and 14-year-old Sean Hallock replaced Jonathan Slick on drums). 
In spring of 2006, the band tried (and failed) to gain the attention of several New York labels. Meanwhile, "Red" had gained the attention of Seattle station KEXP. In November of that year, during CMJ's annual New York festival, the Shackeltons played a live session on KEXP and a performance at New York's Sin-e. These led to them being signed to Seattle's Loveless Records. Meanwhile, a few months earlier, they had recorded another EP—the "Creme EP"—with Mateer. 
In March 2007 the Shackeltons played at Neumos in Seattle to an audience of nearly 1,000, and headed for Los Angeles to record for Loveless with producers Sam Jones and Tom Biller.
As that CD circulated before its January 29, 2008 release date, the band continued to gain notice. In November 2007 they became a Myspace feature band for a week, averaging 15,000 plays a day during that time. They were "Spins featured artist of the day on January 18, 2008, and on December 11, 2007 "Rolling Stones Rock & Roll Daily blog described them as "brilliant".

</doc>
<doc id="19148119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148119" title="MV Cory Chouest">
MV Cory Chouest

MV "Cory Chouest" is an ocean surveillance ship leased by the U.S. Navy in 1989 and assigned to the Navy’s Special Missions Program. "Cory Choquest" had all SURTASS equipment removed and was returned to her original owners in 2008 completing nearly 20 years of service.[http://www.msc.navy.mil/annualreport/2008/pm2.htm]
Construction.
"Cory Chouest" was acquired and modified by Edison Chouest Offshore for use by the U.S. Navy as a modified TAGOS vessel. Originally used as a research platform in conjunction with the Amy Chouest, the Cory was later modified to carry an active and passive sonar system. The vessel served until October 2008 when it went off charter.
Mission.
The mission of "Cory Chouest" is to directly support the Navy by using both passive and active low frequency sonar arrays to detect and track undersea threats.
Operational history.
There is no current operational history on "Cory Chouest".
Honors and awards.
"Cory Chouest " personnel are qualified for the following medals:
Note.
There is no journal entry on "Cory Chouest" at DANFS.

</doc>
<doc id="19148160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148160" title="Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series">
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series

This is a list of winners and nominees of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series.

</doc>
<doc id="19148161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148161" title="Maquis de l'Ain et du Haut-Jura">
Maquis de l'Ain et du Haut-Jura

The Maquis de l'Ain et du Haut-Jura were a group of maquis fighters in the French resistance during World War II. 
On 11 November 1943, the Maquis de l'Ain et du Haut-Jura, on orders from Colonel Henri Romans-Petit, took possession of the town of Oyonnax in the Ain departement, and paraded up to the war memorial laying a wreath in the form of the croix de Lorraine with the inscription "Les vainqueurs de demain à ceux de 14–18" (the conquerors of tomorrow to those of 14–18).
After a minute of silence and a rendition of the Marseillaise with the crowd, they returned to their camps in the mountains. A few weeks later, the English-speaking press published the news, which it is said managed to convince Churchill of the need to arm the French resistance. Oyonnax was rewarded for its zeal by a Médaille de la Résistance which features on its coat of arms. 
External links.
Site devoted to the Maquis de l'Ain et du Haut-Jura (French)

</doc>
<doc id="19148180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148180" title="Niles Jordan">
Niles Jordan

Niles Chapman Jordan (December 1, 1925 – March 15, 2008) was an American professional baseball player, a pitcher who appeared in Major League Baseball during the and seasons for the Philadelphia Phillies and Cincinnati Reds. Listed at and , he batted and threw left-handed. 
A native of Lyman, Washington, Jordan excelled in sports at Sedro-Woolley High School before enlisting the United States Navy upon graduation in 1943. He served on the destroyer USS "Bennett" in the Pacific, taking part at the battles of Iwo Jima and Okinawa. On April 7, 1945, Jordan survived a hit from a Japanese kamikaze fighter on the "Bennett". After being discharged from military service he attended Mount Vernon College where he played baseball and football. 
Jordan later pitched for the Sedro-Woolley in the local city league and in 1948 was signed by the Philadelphia Phillies. He was sent to the Klamath Falls Gems of the Far West League where, in 1949, he finished with a 19–7 mark and a 4.35 ERA. In 1950 he was promoted to the Terre Haute Phillies of the Three-I League where he was 17–6, and then enjoyed his best season with Wilmington of the Interstate League in 1951, going 21–3 with 20 complete games (including two one-hitters) and earned a late-season call-up to Philadelphia. Before the 1952 season, he was obtained by the Cincinnati Reds along with Eddie Pellagrini, Andy Seminick and Dick Sisler in the same transaction that brought Connie Ryan, Smoky Burgess and Howie Fox to the Phillies.
In a two-season career, Jordan posted a 2–4 record with a 4.19 ERA in eight appearances, including a shutout, giving up 22 runs (two unearned) on 49 hits and 11 walks while striking out 13 in 43.0 innings of work. 
Following his baseball career, Jordan returned to Sedro Woolley, Washington, just miles from his birthplace, where he worked in the lumber industry for many years. He died in the Life Care Center of Skagit Valley at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="19148195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148195" title="Import/Export">
Import/Export

Import/Export is an Austrian film by the director Ulrich Seidl from 2007. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and won the Grand Prix - Golden Apricot reward at the Yerevan International Film Festival. The film was shot in Vienna, Ukraine, Romania, the Czech Republic and Slovakia from 2005 until May 2007 on 16mm film. Simultaneously, the film follows a nurse from Ukraine searching for a better life in the West and an unemployed security guard from Austria heading East for the same reason.
Plot.
Olga is a Ukrainian woman from Eastern Ukraine, who lives with her mother and has a child. Her job as a nurse does not pay well enough for her to support herself and her baby, and she gets a second job doing internet pornography. She eventually leaves her homeland and travels to Vienna, Austria where she finds a job as a housekeeper at a rich family's home, where she also lives. However, the woman of the family suspects her of stealing and sacks her. She is then employed as a cleaner at a geriatric hospital. There, she strikes up a relationship with an elderly man named Erich and he asks her to marry him. She accepts, as she knows this will gain her Austrian citizenship. However, Erich dies of a heart attack before they can marry.
Pauli is a young man from Vienna, Austria who lives with his mother and stepfather. He owns a large dog named Caeser and trains in martial arts. He works as a security guard at a shopping complex, but is sacked after a gang of drunken Turks cuff him with his own handcuffs and strip him of his clothes. His girlfriend breaks up with him as she is afraid of his dog, and he owes money to a number of people including his stepfather, Michael. Michael then takes him along on a job in Ukraine setting up video gambling machines. On the way there, they stop at an impoverished Roma Gypsy neighbourhood in Košice, Slovakia where Pauli tries to 'hire' a prostitute. He fails to agree on a price with the Roma pimps, however, and they chase him back to his van. When they arrive in Uzhhorod, Ukraine, they rent a hotel room and try to pick up girls at a bar. When Pauli goes back to his room to borrow money from Michael to pay his tab, he finds that Michael has a prostitute. Michael insists Pauli watches him humiliate the prostitute before he can leave. The next day, Pauli leaves Michael's company and searches for work at a local market, where he fails to find any. The last we see of him is when he is walking along a long country road, hitchhiking, either back to the West or further into Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="19148205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148205" title="Hăpria River">
Hăpria River

The Hăpria River ( ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19148206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148206" title="Congregation Agudas Achim (Austin, Texas)">
Congregation Agudas Achim (Austin, Texas)

Congregation Agudas Achim is a Conservative synagogue in Austin, Texas.
Agudas Achim (Community of Brothers) was founded in 1914 by a group of Orthodox Jews who met for prayer in private homes. It was chartered in 1924 and occupied leased space before erecting a brick synagogue at 909 San Jacinto. The Agudas Achim Cemetery in Austin Memorial Park on Hancock Road was purchased in 1933. The congregation joined the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism in 1948.
The congregation moved to a new building on Bull Creek Road, dedicated on December 30, 1963. U.S. Vice President Lyndon Baines Johnson was scheduled to the dedication, which was postponed while the congregation joined the nation in mourning the death of U.S. President John F. Kennedy. This is thought to have made the congregation the second American synagogue dedicated by a President. The first was the Washington Hebrew Congregation which has had cornerstones laid or buildings dedicated by Presidents McKinley, Truman and Eisenhower. The undistinguished mid-century modern brick and glass building was renovated and upgraded in 1989.
In 2001, the congregation dedicated a modern building designed by David Lake The wood and stone sanctuary is bathed in natural light that enters via a skylight. The rusticated limestone walls resemble Jerusalem stone (both visually and geologically) but the stone, like the members of the congregation, is "proudly Texan."

</doc>
<doc id="19148223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148223" title="Ika people">
Ika people

The Ika people number around 240,000.The Ika people are found in north west Delta State. They share borders linguistically in the west with the Edo speakers, in the north with the Ishan speakers, in the East with the Anioma language speakers and in the south with the Ukwuani speakers.
History.
Twelve clans and a metropolis make up the Ika community.
References.
A
www.afriwall.com

</doc>
<doc id="19148251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148251" title="2006 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles">
2006 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles

Michaël Llodra and Fabrice Santoro were the defending champions, but failed to qualify as a team that year, as they did not compete together in 2006. 
Llodra failed to qualify with another partner, while Santoro qualified with Nenad Zimonjić, but lost in the round robin.
Jonas Björkman and Max Mirnyi won in the final 6–2, 6–4, against Mark Knowles and Daniel Nestor.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Fabrice Santoro / Nenad Zimonjić "(Round Robin)
<li> Martin Damm / Leander Paes "(Semifinals)
<li> Jonathan Erlich / Andy Ram "(Round Robin)
<li> Mariusz Fyrstenberg / Marcin Matkowski "(Round Robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Gold Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19148253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148253" title="2006 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles">
2006 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles

David Nalbandian was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals to James Blake.
Roger Federer won in the final 6–0, 6–3, 6–4, against James Blake.
Seeds.
<ol start=5>
<li> Andy Roddick "(Round robin)
<li> Tommy Robredo "(Round robin)
<li> David Nalbandian "(Semifinals)
<li> James Blake "(Final)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Gold Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19148255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148255" title="Louis Leitz">
Louis Leitz

Louis Leitz (2 May 1846 - 18 May 1918) is a German inventor and founder of Esselte Leitz GmbH & Co KG. He was trained woodturner who worked as a mechanic.
Biography.
Leitz was born in Ingersheim. In 1896 he designed the file with a finger hole and a sturdy closing clip. Leitz died in Stuttgart. 
Louis Leitz Foundation was founded in his memory on the 30 November 2001. The foundation's budget is Euro 120,000 p.a.

</doc>
<doc id="19148271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148271" title="List of World Floorball champions">
List of World Floorball champions

This is a List of World Floorball Champions, including runners-up. A World Floorball Championship is awarded to the team which wins in the finals of that year's World Floorball Championships.
A World Floorball Championship is awarded biennially.

</doc>
<doc id="19148273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148273" title="Port of Portland Police Department (Oregon)">
Port of Portland Police Department (Oregon)

The Port of Portland Police Department is the police department responsible for law enforcement in and around Portland International Airport in Portland, Oregon, United States. Officers have jurisdiction throughout the state of Oregon. The department was created in 1957, consolidating officers that had been sworn in through local police departments in the Portland metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="19148281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148281" title="The Hydromatics">
The Hydromatics

The Hydromatics is a garage rock supergroup formed by Nick Royale, Scott Morgan and Tony Slug as side project to their main bands.
History.
The Hydromatics was formed Nick Royale from The Hellacopters and Tony Slug from Amsterdam punkband The Nitwitz planned to record a series of Sonic's Rendezvous Band coversongs, but the project was long on hold due to the hectic touring schedules of The Hellacopters. However Tony Slug was able to get a hold of Sonic's Rendezvous Band founder Scott Morgan and during the Hellacopters second visit to Detroit Morgan happily accepted the offer to record with Tony and Nick. In 1999 Scott and Nick flew to Amsterdam and met up with Tony and his bandmate Theo Brouwer and The Hydromatics were born. 
The band rehearsed for six days, played three shows in Amsterdam and wrote some new material for the band's debut album "Parts Unknown." After a six-week tour through Europe, which resulted in the six-track live CD "Fluid Drive," Nick decided to leave the band due to his commitments to The Hellacopters and was replaced by Andy Frost. In 2001 the band released their second album, "Powerglide," containing seven Sonic's Rendezvous Band covers and seven new tracks. Soon after, bassist Theo left and moved to Spain and Laurent Ciron was called in as his replacement. After the tour the band took an extended hiatus while the members concentrated on various other bands. Scott and Nicke teamed up once again and formed the soul band The Solution. After the hiatus the band returned with Kent Steadman on guitar and Ries Doms on drums.
Line up.
Current members
Former members

</doc>
<doc id="19148294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148294" title="Out of Sight (disambiguation)">
Out of Sight (disambiguation)

Out of Sight may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19148297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148297" title="Combined Military Hospital">
Combined Military Hospital

Combined Military Hospitals (CMHs) are base hospitals of Pakistan Armed Forces situated in various cantonments. These hospitals are run by the doctors of Pakistan's Army Medical Corps.
The administration is carried out by the General Duty Medical Officers (GDMOs) while the patients' management and care is primarily the responsibility of the doctors of specialist cadre.
The CMHs are classified into A, B and C classes depending upon their capabilities and generally correspond to tertiary care, secondary care and primary level care hospitals respectively.
History.
During the British Raj, the Royal Indian Army troops depended for their medical treatment entirely on their regimental hospitals. In October 1918, Station Hospitals were sanctioned for the Indian troops. The Indian Hospital Corps (IHC) initially was divided into 10 Division Companies, which corresponded to the 10 existing Military Divisions in India and Burma. They were located at Peshawar, Rawalpindi, Lahore, Quetta, Mhow, Poona, Meerut, Lucknow, Secunderabad and Rangoon.
The whole corps was re-organized on command basis five companies of the IHC were created in 1932. No 1 Company was at Rawalpindi, No 2 Company at Lucknow, No 3 Company at Poona, No 4 Company at Quetta and No 5 Company at Rangoon. The World War II was responsible for rapid developments. The idea of having a homogeneous corps by amalgamating Indian Medical Services, Indian Medical Department (IMD) and Indian Hospital Corps gradually took shape and Indian Army Medical Corps (IAMC) came into being on 03 Apr 1943. The medical institutions of the IAMC were concentrated in the areas, which were to subsequently become Pakistan.
The British Raj in India had left its legacies in the territory, which later became Pakistan. The bulk of the troops of the British Indian Army were recruited from the areas, which became Pakistan. The threats of the Russian empire and a fear of Afghans and Central Asians overrunning the Indian territory had made the British rulers wary of the northwestern borders across the Hindu Kush mountains. The army was deployed at large scale. Rawalpindi was the pivotal military base, from where they controlled the command, logistics and services provided to those troops. It was the Headquarters, Northern Command India. 
Armed Forces Medical Services were one of the most organized and highly developed support services in the British Indian Army. The members of the medical profession served in the IMS (Indian Medical Services), with pride and dignity. The senior jobs in civil medical services were also reserved for the medical professionals of the army.
The troops of British Indian Army were deployed over an extensive area. They were exposed to the tropical climate. They were present in the heights of Chitral in the north-west to Burma in the east. The major bulk of their health related problems were of tropical infections and parasitic infestation. The medical services were committed for the prevention and treatment of tropical diseases. 
Rawalpindi was the headquarters of the northern Command of the India. Combined Military Hospital (CMH) and Military Hospital (MH) were the largest and the most well-equipped hospitals in this area at that time.
Role and task.
Medical Treatment
CMHs provide in-door and out-door medical and surgical treatment to the entitled population.
Training
CMHs serve as training centres for medical cadets, internees, post-graduate fellowship trainees, nursing cadets and nursing officers, and the paramedical staff.
Preventive Health
The CMHs also over-see the preventive aspects of health care provision in the cantonments.
Health surveillance
Health surveillance of the military personnel is done through annual medical check-ups
Research and development
This is done as isolated local projects in individual hospitals or as a part of army wide studies in all CMHs on subjects related to health of troops.
Class 'A' hospitals.
A Brigadier is the "Commandant" of an 'A' class hospitals, who is assisted by a second-in-command-- a Colonel.
Class 'B' hospitals.
A Colonel is the Commanding Officer of the hospital
Class 'C' hospitals.
Lt Col is the commanding officer of the hospital
See also.
PAF Hospitals
PNS Hospitals

</doc>
<doc id="19148298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148298" title="A.S.D. Albese Calcio">
A.S.D. Albese Calcio

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Albese Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Alba, Piedmont. They currently play in Serie D.
History.
Foundation.
The club was founded in 1917 as "Unione Sportiva Albese".
The 1920s and the beginning of the rivalry with Cuneo.
In the 1920s, Albese participated in several leagues Terza Divisione era and one of them won the record for best placement of the team, still undefeated in the season Terza Divisione 1924-1925 finishing in 2nd place just 2 points from promotion to the Seconda Divisione (now Serie B).
<br>
Remain in history, for reasons not exactly sporting challenges Cuneo-Albese seasons of 1927-1928 and 1928-1929 championship in Seconda Divisione (the former Serie C).
In the first two seasons of the above derby between "La Fedelissima Sportiva Cuneese" and "Albese" saw the first leg scheduled to Alba. Alba wins with a 2-0: to be reported especially against the excesses of local fans, and Cuneo, after the match, the request to have Alba capital of the province.
Cuneo is the "revenge" (sporting speaking) in the second round by winning the challenge-rematch 1-0, playing, say the chronicles, with a grit and determination that allowed them to prevail on Albese is more technical: the success was the way to erase the shame of the defeat suffered leg and torn by the opposing party suffered from the public.
Much warmer they were the derby next year, the 1928-1929.
In both cases the Cuneo always won 2-0 but the second leg played in Alba on 21 April 1929 he record moments of fear: the race of the players suspended for the brawl and the public, barrel field and fisticuffs in the stands.
The Faithful Polisportiva Cuneo had been a 1-0 interval lead but by the end of the first half, the Bianconeri (these were the colors of the time) were accompanied by police and by the referee in locker room. In the second installment of the second network host furious melee broke out in the field and in the stands and a new invasion of the field. Captain of the police intervened in the person who imposed the suspension to the match race with the visiting team that gave up the sports Alba escorted by the Royal Military Police and the Militia.
The 30s.
The white and blue won the Championship Sezione Propaganda of Cuneo in 1939.
The 70s and return to the Series C.
At the end of the 1970-71 season, was promoted to Serie D where, after a year of adjustment, raced three seasons and last meeting (Serie D 1974-1975) centered on the long-awaited promotion Serie C.
In recent years the team played their home games at the stadium "Cinzano" Santa Vittoria d'Alba.
In this championship was saved in the Serie C 1975-1976, but relegated the following year. In Serie C 1976-1977 went down in history for the record delayed an hour, the race-Albert Udinese played at 0-1 Michael Coppino networks Rai , the first case ever for a round of Series C, with commentary by Bruno Pizzul. However, in Serie D 1977-1978 finished third in and, thanks to new formula of division championships with the C in C1 and C2, were promoted in the Serie C2.
The 80s and the decline.
The first year Serie C2 1978-1979 was positive, but in the Serie C2 1979-1980 came the relegation to Serie D, where it served in two successive seasons. So another relegation, this time in the Promozione where, after his second place came the success of the 1982-83 and 1983-84 shows that in the Interregional, where, however, was only two years since the end of Interregional Championships 1985-1986 it returned to the Promozione.
From 1986/87 to 1989/90 it served in Promozione.
The dark years of the 90s.
In the summer of 1990 was found again in Serie D, but at the end of the season Interregional Championship 1990-1991 has dropped again.
A new reform of the league championships grafts Eccellenza (including the Interregional and Promozione) that Albese has played from 1991-92 to 1993-94, when it is relegated to Promozione. In 1996 she was still fished in Eccellenza, where it played from 1996-97 to 1999-00 (relegation play-out).
The 2000s and the return to D.
In 2000-01 played in the Promozione, as well as in 2001-02, when it won the championship and returned to Eccellenza, from which however she retreats back into the lower division by losing in the play-out at the end of the 2002-03 season.
In 2003, the president Franco Rava and sports director Saviero Roman aim to achieve in five years the series diletantistica and in the 2007-08 season Albese dominates Group B of Eccellenza Piedmont and Aosta Valley, remained in the lead for 29 of 30 days, and centers for the promotion by beating Don Bosco Nichelino 1-0 in the last day and finishing the season in first place with 60 points, one more than the followers Castellazzo Bormida, thus returning to Serie D after 18 years.
Lost the final to become champion of Eccellenza Piedmont and Aosta Valley against Valle d'Aosta losing 0-1 away and 1-5 at home.
New relegation to Eccellenza.
In the 2011-12 season it was relegated from Serie D to Eccellenza.
Immediate return to Serie D.
The next year Albese won promotion back to Serie D after finishing first in Eccellenza Piedmont and Aosta Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19148302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148302" title="The New World (Bruce Robison album)">
The New World (Bruce Robison album)

The New World is the seventh album by American singer/songwriter Bruce Robison. It was released on September 2, 2008 on Premium Records. 
Track listing.
All songs (Robison) except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="19148321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148321" title="Ambre Frisque">
Ambre Frisque

Ambre Michele Frisque (born 1 September 1978, Liège) is a Belgian model and photographer.
Discovered on the streets of Liege by a scout when she was 16, Frisque started modeling for Elite in Milan and Paris, while still attending school. In 1999, she met David Copperfield, and they dated for more than two years while they were living in New York City.
In 2002, Frisque met her husband, Maikel Rivero. Back in Europe, she started modeling again, living in both Belgium and New York City. She has worked for Major in New York and Paris, as well as Dominique Models Agency. Her face has appeared on ads for Nivea, De Beers, Aveda, Swarovski, Dove, Audi, as well as magazines such as Elle, Arena, Eve, and Marie Claire. She also had a brief cameo on Friends in 2001.
Frisque has relocated back to Liege, where she is starting a career as a photographer.

</doc>
<doc id="19148330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148330" title="4 (Dungen album)">
4 (Dungen album)

4 is the fifth album by the Swedish psychedelic rock group Dungen.
It was released as a CD on September 24, 2008, by Subliminal Sounds (Sweden). The album was released in the US on Kemado Records on September 30, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19148341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148341" title="List of awards and nominations received by Volbeat">
List of awards and nominations received by Volbeat

Volbeat is a four-piece Danish heavy metal band formed in Copenhagen in 2001. As of 2008, their formation consists of vocalist and guitarist Michael Poulsen, guitarist Thomas Bredahl, bassist Anders Kjølholm and drummer Jon Larsen. The band has released three studio albums, six singles, one DVD and two demos.
They have received ten nominations for the Danish Metal Awards and won three trophies. Volbeat also received four nominations for the Danish Music Awards but went home empty handed. They also won a Steppeulv award in 2006, a P3 Guld award in 2007 and a Zulu Award in 2008.
Danish Metal Awards.
The Danish Metal Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 2004 by various Danish metal magazines and TV shows. Volbeat have received five awards from sixteen nominations.
Danish Music Awards.
The Danish Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1989 by the Danish department of the IFPI. Volbeat received five nominations but failed to win an award.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences in the United States. Volbeat were nominated for Best Metal Performance.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1994 by MTV Europe. Volbeat were nominated as Best Danish act.
P3 Guld.
P3 Guld is an annual award ceremony established by the Danish radio station DR P3. Volbeat have won two award.
Steppeulven.
The Steppeulven is an annual award ceremony established by the Association of Danish Music Critics. Volbeat have won one award out of four nominations.
Zulu Awards.
The Zulu Awards is an annual award ceremony established by Denmark's largest commercial TV station TV 2. Volbeat won one award. 

</doc>
<doc id="19148344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148344" title="David Lake (winemaker)">
David Lake (winemaker)

David Lake (1943 – October 5, 2009) was a Washington winemaker and Master of Wine. Born in England to Canadian parents, Lake started in the wine industry working for a British wholesaler. In 1975 he earned his Master of Wine certification before traveling to the United States to enroll into the enology program of University of California-Davis. In 1978 he accepted a position of enologist with the Washington winery Associated Vintners (later renamed Columbia Winery) where he soon rose to the position of chief winemaker. Among Lake's accomplishments was releasing Washington's first single vineyard designated wines and making the states first Cabernet franc, Syrah and Pinot gris wines. He was the first US winemaker to hold a Master of Wine accreditation.
Career.
After working in the British wholesale wine industry, David Lake earned his Master of Wine accreditation in 1975. He moved to the west coast of the United States where he enrolled in the enology program at the University of California, Davis. Upon completion of his studies, Lake spent a brief time in the Dundee Hills AVA of Oregon working for Eyrie Vineyards under winemaker David Lett. He also worked briefly in the Eola-Amity Hills AVA for Bethel Heights Vineyard and Amity Vineyards. From there he joined the Woodinville-based winery of Associated Vintners (soon to be known as Columbia Winery). In the early 1980s, Lake pioneered the practice of producing vineyard designated wines when he released Cabernet Sauvignon from the Yakima Valley vineyards of Otis, Red Willow and Sagemoor. Working with Mike Sauer, owner and lead viticulturalist of the Red Willow Vineyard, Lake encouraged the plantings of the first Syrah vines in Washington. Noting similarities between the Red Willow vineyard and the La Chapelle vineyard of the Hermitage AOC in Rhone, Lake arranged for Syrah cuttings to be imported into the state and produced Washington's first Syrah in 1988. By 2009, Syrah would grow to be the third most widely planted red wine grape variety in Washington State.
Through his career, David Lake would promote or pioneer Washington production of a wide range of grape varieties including Merlot, Viognier, Pinot gris and Cabernet franc. Among his many accomplishments, he was the first in Washington to blend Merlot and Cabernet Franc in a style similar to the Right bank of Bordeaux. David Lake's winemaking style was often described by wine experts, such as writer Paul Gregutt, as "European"-producing wines with moderate oak influence and alcohol levels.
Illness and death.
Following the 2005 vintage, David Lake began to experience a variety of health problems, including back issues that required surgery, that prompted his retirement from Columbia Winery. After battles with heart disease and cancer, Lake collapsed in his Issaquah, Washington home on October 5, 2009 and died hours later.

</doc>
<doc id="19148345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148345" title="Diego de Espinosa">
Diego de Espinosa

Diego de Espinosa y de Arévalo (1513 – 5 September 1572) was a Spanish churchman.
Life.
Born at Martín Muñoz de las Posadas (modern province of Segovia), he was educated in civil law, canon law and theology at the University of Salamanca.
He was Councillor of the Royal Council of Castile, 1562, and President of the Royal Council of Castile, 1565. He was ordained a priest in 1567, and created Cardinal, by Pope Pius V, after March 1568. He was Bishop of Sigüenza (1568–1572), and Inquisitor General (December 1566–1572).
He was to be honoured with a title of Marquis and the building of a palace at the expense of King Philip II of Spain, but he only accepted the building in his village of a palace bearing the Crown Royal Arms as paid by public money. This still exists, and is presently used by the Town Hall and secondary schools.
His directness was not appreciated by many, but it is said that the rigid King Philip II, on learning of his death in 1572, commented that he had lost his best-ever Minister.
de Espinosa was prematurely pronounced dead. As the embalmer was opening his chest cavity to prepare his body for embalming, he revived and pushed the knife away. He died from the incision.
Memorial.
A magnificent praying sculpture of him, by Leone Leoni and his son Pompeo Leoni can be found in the village church.

</doc>
<doc id="19148352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148352" title="Big Brother Movement">
Big Brother Movement

The Big Brother Movement was a youth migration scheme run by a not for profit organisation based in Sydney, Australia. It aimed to bring youths from Britain to Australia to work on farms or in the Australian outback, with the cooperation of the Australian Immigration Department. The movement was founded by Sir Richard Linton in 1924.
According to a recently published book on the subject, the so-called Little Brother immigrant was "assigned to a Big Brother, resident citizen for advice, solace and companionship" within the framework of the "patrie".

</doc>
<doc id="19148358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148358" title="Hanneke">
Hanneke

Hanneke is a feminine given name of Dutch origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19148372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148372" title="David Lake (architect)">
David Lake (architect)

David Lake is an American architect and principal in the Texas firm of Lake/Flato with Ted Flato.
Lake grew up in Texas and received his B.S. in Architecture from the University of Texas at Austin (1976) where he was a student of Pliny Fisk III. His early work was in sustainable design, building modern versions of sod houses in the Texas panhandle. He began his career at Ford Powell & Carson in San Antonio, Texas. His work continues to be noted for attention to sustainability.

</doc>
<doc id="19148426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19148426" title="Darlington School">
Darlington School

Darlington School is an American independent, coeducational, college-preparatory day and boarding school in Rome, Georgia. It offers classes ranging from pre-kindergarten to grade 12, divided into a lower, middle and upper school. The school also houses world-class Soccer, Tennis, and Golf Academies that draw students from around the globe. Darlington is currently represented by 38 countries. The headmaster is Thomas C. Whitworth III and the head of the Upper School is Colin "Max" Roach.
Founded in 1905 by John Paul and Alice Allgood Cooper, Darlington School was named in honor of a teacher by his former students. Joseph James Darlington taught at the J. M. Proctor School for Boys in Rome, where the quality of his character so impressed his students that a group of them resolved to build a school to perpetuate the memory of their beloved teacher. He was also racist.
Prominent alumni include Tom Cousins (Atlanta developer), Ernest Vandiver (former governor of Georgia), Cy Twombly (artist), Will Muschamp (head football coach at the University of Florida), and Elson Floyd (president of Washington State University).
The school boasts an exceptional English-style House system in the upper school. Each house is led by a Head of House faculty member and a Resident and Day Student prefect. Boys Houses include Summerbell House (Freshman), Moser House, and Neville House. Girls Houses include Cooper House (Freshman), Regester House, and Thornwood House.
The school participates in Greater Opportunities for Access to Learning (GOAL), a Georgia program which offers a state income tax credit to donors of scholarships to private schools.

</doc>
