<doc id="19286957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19286957" title="Battle of Britain Day">
Battle of Britain Day

The Battle of Britain Day is the name given to the large-scale aerial battle that took place on 15 September 1940, during the Battle of Britain (German: "Luftschlacht um England" or "Luftschlacht um Großbritannien").
In June 1940, Nazi Germany had conquered most of Western Europe and Scandinavia. At that time, the only other major power standing in the way of a German-dominated Europe was the British Empire and the Commonwealth. After having several peace offers rejected by the British, Adolf Hitler ordered the "Luftwaffe" to destroy the Royal Air Force (RAF) in order to gain air superiority or air supremacy as a prelude to launching Operation Sea Lion, an amphibious assault by the "Wehrmacht" (German armed forces) onto the British mainland.
In July 1940, the "Luftwaffe" started by closing the English Channel to merchant shipping. In August, Operation "Adlerangriff" (Eagle Attack) was launched against RAF airfields in southern England. By the first week of September, the "Luftwaffe" had not gained the results desired by Hitler. Frustrated, the Germans turned towards the strategic bombing of cities, an offensive which was aimed at British military and civil industries, but also civilian morale. The attacks began on 7 September 1940, but were to reach their daylight climax on 15 September.
On Sunday, 15 September 1940, the "Luftwaffe" launched its largest and most concentrated attack against London in the hope of drawing out the RAF into a battle of annihilation. Around 1,500 aircraft took part in the air battles which lasted until dusk. The action was the climax of the Battle of Britain.
RAF Fighter Command defeated the German raids. The "Luftwaffe" formations were dispersed by a large cloud base and failed to inflict severe damage on the city of London. In the aftermath of the raid, Hitler postponed Operation Sea Lion. Having been defeated in daylight, the "Luftwaffe" turned its attention to The Blitz night campaign which lasted until May 1941.
The 15th of September, also known as Battle of Britain Day, is now an annual commemoration of the battle in the United Kingdom. In Canada, the commemoration takes place on the third Sunday of September.
Background.
The Battle of Britain began on 10 July 1940, when the first "Luftwaffe" bomber fleets began attacking convoys and Royal Navy forces in English ports and Channel. The results were positive and the Germans succeeded in forcing the British to abandon the channel convoy route and to redirect shipping to ports in north-eastern Britain. With this achieved the "Luftwaffe" began the second phase of its air offensive, attacking RAF airfields and supporting structures on the British mainland. The codename of the offensive was "Unternehmen Adlerangriff" ("Operation Eagle Attack"). On 12 August, it flew its first missions in this regard. On 13 August, the "Luftwaffe" carried out its largest attack to date on the mainland. Christened "Adlertag" ("Eagle Day"), the attack was a failure. Nevertheless, the raids continued, at great cost to both sides. The impact of the German offensive on RAF airfields and Fighter Command is disputed. Some historians believe that the attacks were not having much effect and that the Germans were losing the attrition battle, while others believe the RAF was faltering.
Either way, Hitler was dissatisfied with the progress being made. Prompted by an RAF raid on Berlin in late August 1940, he ordered the "Luftwaffe" to concentrate its attacks upon London. It was thought the move would draw RAF Fighter Command up into a large, decisive battle. Initially, the change in strategy caught the British off-guard. The first daylight attack of this type occurred on 7 September and caused extensive damage and civilian casualties. Some of shipping was damaged in the Thames Estuary and 1,600 civilians were killed or injured. Still, Hitler was critical of the "Luftwaffe" and its failure to destroy Fighter Command quickly. He dismissed over-optimistic reports from the "Oberkommando der Luftwaffe" (OKL or High Command of the Air Force), particularly the Chief of the "Luftwaffe" general staff Hans Jeschonnek, who asserted the RAF was on its last legs. Confident the RAF was nearly defeated, Jeschonnek requested terror bombing to be enacted as a final blow. Hitler refused, and only allowed attacks on industry, communications and public utility targets.
Over the next few days, bad weather prevented more large attacks. On 9 and 11 September, only smaller raids were carried out. It gave Hugh Dowding AOC (Air Officer Commanding) Fighter Command, the chance to prepare and reinforce his forces. The British, possibly through the use of Ultra intelligence, recognised the German change in strategy and duly prepared for further attacks on the capital. ULTRA's contribution to the preparations for 15 September is also disputed. The intelligence from ULTRA at this stage in the war tended to be fragmented. With the Germans launching attacks whenever there was clear weather, it would not have been difficult for RAF Fighter Command to have predicted an attack on 15 September, which was to be a clear day.
German strategy.
Rationale.
On the afternoon of 14 September, Hitler and his command held a conference at the Reich Chancellery in Berlin to discuss the future direction of the war. Göring was not present. Instead, he was inspecting "Luftwaffe" units in Belgium. Erhard Milch replaced him. Hitler praised the attacks which had caused heavy damage to the RAF and London. He blamed the failure to achieve more decisive results on the weather. Nevertheless, it was clear to Hitler that victory had still not been attained by the "Luftwaffe". Under those circumstances, Operation Sea Lion could not take place. "Großadmiral" Erich Raeder, commander-in-chief of the "Kriegsmarine", agreed. He argued that Sea Lion should only be carried out as a last resort regardless of gaining air superiority.
Hitler wanted to maintain the threat of invasion by continuing air attacks on military targets in the British capital. Hans Jeschonnek still pushed for attacks on civilian morale. He argued that military and civilian industries were located too far apart to achieve a collapse of morale by attacking the former. Instead, he pressed for attacks against residential areas. Hitler refused. He ordered that only military targets in London were to be attacked.
The "Luftwaffe" intimated that a period of good weather was now due over France, Belgium and southern Britain. They prepared for an attack along the lines set by Hitler. Staff officers of "Luftflotte" 2 based in Brussels began planning for a two-pronged offensive on 15 September.
Targets.
The targets were purely military. The first target selected was the Battersea railway station (WLER) West London Extension Railway in Battersea district. The tracks were 12 abreast in some places and linked London to the heavy industries of the West Midlands and other industrial cities on the north and south-east of Britain. The conglomeration of lines included rail-over-rail bridges which were vulnerable to air attack. This was what air planners referred to as "choke points", which if cut could erode enemy communication efficiency.
The second target, for the larger second attack during the afternoon would be the dock areas of the Thames Estuary including the warehouse of the East End of London, Surrey Commercial Docks, south of the river, and Royal Docks (Royal Victoria Dock, West India Docks, Royal Albert Dock and King George V Dock).
Intelligence.
The strategy could only be valid if intelligence assessments were correct. To German 'intelligence', it seemed as if the RAF might be on the verge of collapse. The attacks on London, thus far, seemed to confirm the assumption. None of the "Luftwaffe" bomber formations had encountered the well organised, effective and ferocious defence that had characterised the battles in August 1940. If the German intelligence was correct, then by striking against vital choke points in London that the RAF would be forced to defend, the "Luftwaffe" had the opportunity to destroy the remaining RAF fighter forces. Not only would the attacks allow for the attainment of air superiority, they would eliminate a vital rail network, destroy shipping and supplies brought in from North America, and affect civilian morale by demonstrating London’s vulnerability to air power.
The policy of attacking London after the successful 7 September raid quickly became counter-productive, and in this matter the "Luftwaffe" suffered from serious misjudgement resulting from their intelligence service. The crews had been told the RAF was down to its last reserves and that one more assault would clinch victory. This was incorrect which meant bomber crews would be in for a shock on 15 September. The RAF had been given much needed rest after intense operations by the shift in German strategy. British radar, having been virtually untouched, was still able to follow the slow German build ups over France long before the first German aircraft reached British airspace. It would give the rested Fighter Command units plenty of warning. Moreover, by choosing to attack London, it exposed the bombers to greater danger by forcing them to fly greater distances in hostile air space. German crews would be forced to fight all the way to London and back. As it happened, all the German bomber units were at least intercepted on 15 September, and were then scattered as they withdrew.
Hitler was satisfied. The reasoning of the "Luftwaffe" seemed sound. Should the bombing achieve its aim, it offered considerable strategic value. The strike against London meant that most of the fighting on 15 September would take place between "Luftflotte" 2 under Albert Kesselring and Keith Park’s No. 11 Group RAF.
British strategy.
There was a debate which raged within Fighter Command during the Battle of Britain. It centred around what strategy to pursue against the Luftwaffe. AOC Hugh Dowding and AOC 11 Group Keith Park favoured a strategy of non-attrition. From their perspective, the RAF had to remain intact to win the battle, rather than decimate the Luftwaffe. Both felt that trying to fight a battle of attrition would give the numerically superior enemy the chance to destroy large parts of the Command in one go, thus playing into Göring's hands. Therefore Park and Dowding advocated the tactic of sending small numbers of fighters to intercept every raid; providing opposition to every raid offered the chance of inflicting continued attrition on German formations while avoiding decisive damage to Fighter Command.
Park's equivalent and another of Dowding's commanders, AOC 12 Group Trafford Leigh-Mallory, held the opposite view. For him, large forces would win the battle by destroying large numbers of the enemy. This attrition strategy would use the concept of the Big Wing as its basis.
The Big Wing.
Air Vice-Marshal Trafford Leigh-Mallory and Squadron Leader Douglas Bader came to play significant roles in the September fighting. Bader commanded 242 Squadron flying Hurricanes in Leigh-Mallory's 12 Group, which defended the vital industrial targets in the West Midlands. A source of frustration to Leigh-Mallory was the way in which his squadrons were used. During Luftwaffe attacks on south-east England 12 Group units were tasked with protecting 11 Group sector stations north of the Thames Estuary, while Leigh-Mallory believed his units should be in action south of the Thames. Mallory also criticised the way Park and Dowding were conducting the battle. The popular image of outnumbered Spitfires and Hurricanes meeting an enemy with huge numerical strength preyed upon his mind. He favoured a reverse of the image.
Bader was bored and frustrated at being left out of the major actions in the south. To Bader, it did not make sense for 12 Group to apparently sit idle while 11 Group suffered heavy losses and fought at a numerical disadvantage. Bader advocated scrambling 12 Group fighters as soon as German aircraft were detected forming up over France or Belgium. He asserted 12 Group was quick enough to reach over the Thames Estuary before the enemy reached the area. He planned to use large forces, three to five squadrons to engage the enemy. Should this succeed, 11 Group, following up attacks, might have found broken enemy formations whose crews had lost the determination to press on to their targets. Bader implied that this may reduce the losses of fighter pilots in 11 Group. After the war, Bader insisted that both he and Leigh-Mallory wanted the Big Wing tactic enacted in 12 Group only. They both believed, according to Bader, that it was impractical to use in 11 Group as the command was located too close to the enemy and would not have enough time to assemble.
Dowding saw 12 Group as the protector of the Midlands and a reserve for 11 Group. Mallory and Bader wanted to ignore both the defence of the Midlands and keeping a reserve in order to commit 12 Group to battle. In essence, they proposed the opposite of Dowding and resolved to commit the reserves before the front-line units. While this method may have spared 11 Group, it had its problems. Although Mallory and Bader wanted to stop the enemy before it hit RAF airfields, the amount of time it took to position large formations for interception meant that the Big Wing often failed to achieve this. Instead, they engaged the enemy as he withdrew. Prompted by a supporting comment from Sholto Douglas, to the effect that it did not matter when an interception was made, as long as it accounted for a large number of enemy aircraft, Bader announced that he would rather destroy 50 German bombers after hitting their targets than 10 before. The argument was strong; crippling losses would act as a deterrent, so that damage sustained on an occasion when the Germans did get through would have to be offset against later occasions when they did not even care to try.
The counter-arguments were much stronger. The assumption that the Germans would be put off by losses was wrong; it would have taken severe losses for the OKL to change its mind on target selection. The targets were also vital. The airfields themselves supported the squadrons in the field, while the loss of the vital sector-stations could well have crippled the defence system. Thus the possibility of allowing the bulk of the German bombers to reach their target unscathed was unacceptable. The idea that the Big Wing could inflict heavier losses than had been achieved up until then was based on an overestimate of the numbers of aircraft shot down by the Big Wing. Leigh-Mallory, Sholto Douglas and Bader had based their opinions on claims made by RAF units in battle. However, particularly when a large number of aircraft were engaged, it was possible for the same aircraft to be claimed by more than one pilot. As a result the RAF claimed 100 or more German aircraft shot down in one day on five occasions, while analysis of Luftwaffe losses has shown that there were only four occasions on which the Luftwaffe lost more than 50 aircraft, and never did they lose 100 or more in a day. Nevertheless, while it is not known whether Mallory and Bader were aware that the claims of the RAF and Big Wings were exaggerated, they certainly tried to use them as a potent tool with which to remove Park and Dowding from command and pursue the Big Wing tactic.
Non-attrition.
Keith Park, with endorsement from Dowding, opted for the opposite strategy. Park maintained that it was unimportant to inflict large losses on the Germans in comparison to safeguarding his own forces. Park believed the Germans would give up if they could not achieve their aim of air superiority. This, simply put, meant avoiding the destruction and or depletion of Fighter Command was the primary factor in air defence. This would be achieved by sending small numbers of fighters to intercept, minimising losses in the air. By remaining to offer undiminished and constant air opposition, the RAF ensured the Luftwaffe could not win. As long as some sort of cost was imposed before the enemy dropped his bombs and impaired the defence system, the RAF could remain intact to meet the threat again the next day. To this end, Park favoured the 10 bomber kills before the attack, rather than the 50 shot down after it. The strategy suggested an enemy would give up if he felt he was getting nowhere. For even while his losses remained moderate, it would be senseless to suffer those casualties for no return. Park and Dowding's strategy, under the circumstances, was the wiser choice.
Forces involved.
"Luftwaffe" forces.
The "Luftwaffe" had suffered heavy attrition since the opening of the Battle of Britain. Just over a month earlier, it possessed 2,226 operational aircraft on 17 August. By 7 September, it had 1,895 aircraft, a drop of 15 percent. Still, most of the losses were being made good by production. During the battle, the Luftwaffe had undergone a major reorganisation. "Luftflotte" 5 in Norway had sent most of its Messerschmitt Bf 110 and medium bomber units ("Kampfgeschwader" or Bomber Wings) to "Luftflotte" 2 and 3. "Luftflotte" 3 then passed most of its Messerschmitt Bf 109 units to "Luftflotte" 2 which was based in the Netherlands, Belgium and France.
According to the "Luftwaffe" order of battle dated 7 September, the nearest date covered by the list, the three Air Fleets contained 1,895 aircraft. "Luftflotte" 2 had 1,311 machines including; 533 Bf 109s, 107 Bf 110s, 51 reconnaissance and 484 medium bomber aircraft. A further 120 Junkers Ju 87 dive bombers were on the order of battle, but were not used.
"Luftwaffe" readiness was less than ideal. In August, 211 pilots had been killed, including 105 fighter pilots and 91 bomber pilots. Missing pilots amounted to 132 fighter and 94 bomber pilots alone, with a further respective loss of 47 and 28 wounded. The effect on operational ready crews was significant. Messerschmitt Bf 110 units had 60% of crews against authorised strength. For bomber units, it was 65%, while Bf 109 units had 81% of crews ready, a 5% increase from the 76% level in the first week of September. However, by 14 September, Bf 109 units possessed only 67% of crews against authorised aircraft. In Bf 110 units, it fell to just 46%, and in bomber units it dropped to 59%. One week later, the figures were 64, 52 and 52% respectively.
RAF forces.
In the six weeks of intensive combat, RAF strength had been maintained to extent far greater than the "Luftwaffe" intelligence had believed possible. On the evening of 14 September, Fighter Command could muster 269 Supermarine Spitfire and 533 Hawker Hurricane fighters. The two vital groups could put up just over 500 fighters. No. 11 Group RAF had 310 fighters, including 92 Spitfires and 218 Hurricanes. No. 12 Group RAF could field 85 Spitfires and 109 Hurricanes. Should No. 10 Group RAF come into the battle, a further 48 Spitfires and 78 Hurricanes could be committed. Compared with 17 August, there were just 22 fewer Spitfires and Hurricanes.
During the battle, the RAF had suffered a serious loss of experienced pilots. In mid-September, Fighter Command could call upon 1,492 operational pilots against an establishment of 1,662 — a deficiency of 10%. Many of the pilots were ineffective unless led into battle by experienced men. Air Chief Marshal Hugh Dowding's policy was to move in fresh squadrons from quieter areas to replace losses in the units in the south-east as they became exhausted. By early September, the system was breaking down as squadrons were becoming depleted before fresh units could be formed and take their place.
Reluctantly, Dowding defined three categories, A, B and C. Category A units were to bear the brunt of the fighting, and were to be kept at full strength in aircraft and pilots. Only if the A units suffered exceptionally high losses would they be replaced. B units were relief units, to be maintained at operational strength and only used if absolutely necessary. C units were generally stripped down to just five or six pilots. These units were devoted to training new pilots. Although not fit for fighter-fighter action, they could defend quieter areas. The system potentially could have had fatal results for Fighter Command, with C units becoming less and less effective. But the system had not been running long enough by 14 September for it to have a serious impact on Fighter Command's strength. The replacement units were sufficient in number and effectiveness to continue to replace exhausted units. By 15 September, the C units could still give a good account of themselves in battle.
Preliminary engagements.
Night activity.
The "Luftwaffe" began its eighth consecutive night of bombing London on 15 September. Soon after midnight, at 00:00, 13 unidentified Dornier Do 17 light bombers attacked the capital. At 00:15 two Junkers Ju 88s followed from "Kampfgeschwader 51" (KG 51, or 51st Bomber Wing). A further 11 Heinkel He 111s from an unidentified unit bombed the city again at 00:50. At 02:00, five He 111s from "Kampfgeschwader 4" (KG 4) bombed the city. A full strike by the "Geschwader" had been planned, but bad weather had forced a cancellation after five He 111s had taken off. Most of the damage was done to residential areas in Fulham, Chelsea and Westminster. Around 19 people were killed and 31 injured. The heaviest casualties were caused when a bomb fell on a Church in Chelsea killing 14 and injuring 26. Small raiding forces bombed Cardiff, Bootle (in Liverpool), Leicester and Ipswich. At Bootle, only slight damage was done to rail tracks and facilities at West Alexandra Dock.
At sea, a Heinkel He 115 floatplane attacked and sank the freighter "Mailsea River" off Montrose with a torpedo. Soon after, the freighter "Halland" was sunk by the same method in the area. At 03:30, He 115s flew up the Thames Estuary and dropped magnetic anti-shipping mines. Further mines were dropped in the Bristol Channel, Liverpool Bay and Milford Haven and off Hartlepool, Berwick-upon-Tweed and Aberdeen.
RAF night fighter defences were still in their infancy. Most fighters lacked radar and in any case, radar was short-range and unreliable. Instead, they flew outside the anti-aircraft guns' fields of fire on likely approach routes using the pilots' vision to locate enemy aircraft. In later years, the night fighter defences would be highly sophisticated. But in 1940, they were not effective. Just 28 sorties were flown against the nocturnal raids.
There was also air activity over German-held territory. RAF Bomber Command flew 92 sorties against German invasion targets at Boulogne, Calais, Ostend, Dunkirk, and Antwerp. The remaining sorties were directed at Brussels marshalling yards, Hamm and Krefeld. One Armstrong Whitworth Whitley failed to return. It was lost to ground fire over the Netherlands. A total of 157 sorties were flown overall. By the September 1940, some 10–13% of invasion barges had been sunk.
Daylight contact.
The first combat in daylight began just after 08:00. A He 111 from "Aufklärungsgruppe" 51 (Long-range Reconnaissance Group 51), based near Paris, was intercepted and shot down over the Channel by Hurricanes from No. 87 Squadron RAF. A Heinkel He 59 air-sea rescue aircraft was dispatched, but found no trace of the Heinkel or its five crew.
Further flights were made by high altitude Ju 88s. One photographed RAF Sealand, RAF Pembrey and RAF Woodward. It also managed to reach Manchester, Liverpool and Birkenhead without interception. Another managed to photograph the Thames Haven, RAF Netheravon, RAF Benson and the Royal Navy base at Chatham Dockyard. Interception of these high altitude aircraft was difficult, and none were lost on 15 September 1940.
Noon attack: 10:10 to 13:00.
KG 76 takes off.
The offensive got underway at 10:10 in the morning. Major Alois Lindmayr "Gruppenkommandeur" (Group Commander) of I./KG 76 led the entire formation. Lindmayr was an experienced combat veteran having won the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his effective low-level attacks in France. III./"Kampfgeschwader 76" (KG 76) took off with 19 Do 17s from their base at Cormeilles-en-Vexin. At the same time, to the north, I./KG 76 took off. Usually a "Gruppe" (Group) could field 27 bombers. After weeks of attrition, I./KG 76 could put up only eight Do 17s. The "Geschwader" had to field two "Gruppen" to do the work of one. Most of the Dornier's were in bad shape, and were worn down by intensive operations. The two groups rendezvoused at Amiens then proceeded to Cap Gris Nez to pick up their Bf 109 fighter escort. As the attacks on Britain had caused heavy losses to the Luftwaffe, German crews and "Geschwader" experimented with innovative ways to defend themselves. One pilot, Feldwebel Rolf Heitsch, had his Dornier fitted with an infantry flame thrower in its tail. If it failed to down a fighter that got too close, it might drive the enemy off: if it worked, it could be fitted to other bombers. After take-off the formation broke up in cloud and was delayed for 10 minutes to allow reforming. Two bombers failed to do and returned to base.
British scramble.
Initially, the operations room at RAF Uxbridge was disturbed by a visit from Prime Minister Winston Churchill. Most of the plotting tables were bare, save for a few plots indicating German reconnaissance machines. Most of the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF) were relaxing, in spite of Churchill’s presence (he had ordered that they not behave any differently). However, at 10:30 the first German aircraft triggered the alarm at Chain Home radar station at Dover. The filter room at Stanmore recognised the formation as hostile. The WAAF detailed group and sector commands throughout the south that 40-plus enemy aircraft were entering Kentish airspace.
By 11:04, Lindmayr's Dorniers had reached Calais. Wing Commander Lord Willoughby de Broke, Park’s senior fighter controller, watched with the Prime Minister and Park as the Germans moved closer. De Broke had a problem of his own. He had no way of knowing which plots represented bombers and fighters. Bombers had to be intercepted, fighters could be ignored. The trick was to strike a balance and time the interception as well as possible. On one hand he must scramble early and allow enough time to get into a favourable attack position; but on the other hand he had to avoid scrambling them too early lest the fighters run short of fuel before they met the enemy. Park joined de Broke. After a brief discussion he decided to commit several squadrons from RAF Biggin Hill. Park realised the raid could be a trap. Though the target seemed to be London, the aircraft, comprising 120–150 in number, may be an advanced guard of Bf 109s sent to clear the skies or disrupt fighter defences. Still, he gambled and sent nine squadrons into action at 11:15.
No. 92 Squadron RAF and No. 72 Squadron RAF scrambled Spitfires from Biggin Hill. Their orders were to cover the air space over Canterbury at . De Broke sensed by this time that nothing else was coming in. If this was the main attack, he decided it must be met with force. He ordered squadrons from RAF Northolt, RAF Kenley and RAF Debden to stand by. At 11:20, he ordered RAF Hornchurch and RAF North Weald and No. 10 Group’s RAF Middle Wallop into the air. Park now had two squadrons over Canterbury, four over Biggin Hill and Maidstone with further back up of two squadrons over Chelmsford at .
The plan was for Nos. 72 and 92 to engage the high escort. No. 603 Squadron RAF would arrive on the scene just afterward and get at the close escort (JG 3). The pair from North Weald would go to Maidstone, so if the bombers got through, they would run into them over London. Despite Park’s reservations about Leigh-Mallory’s Big Wing, he ordered that it was time for it to be tested. If the Germans attempted to use the Thames Estuary as a navigation aid, as so often before, fighters from 12 Group’s RAF Duxford could meet them over Hornchurch at . They would have a height advantage to the west of the bombers and attack out of the Sun, if Leigh-Mallory could get them there in time. The order was sent to Stanmore at 11:20 and Duxford scrambled No. 19, 310, 302 and No. 611 Squadron RAF. No. 242 Squadron RAF’s leader, Wing Commander Douglas Bader led the assault with the 56 fighters. They were airborne at 11:22.
Close to contact.
The Dorniers were supported by a German fighter aircraft that had been sent out in advance of the main strike. "Jagdgeschwader 27" (JG 27) and I./"Jagdgeschwader 52" (JG 52) Bf 109s flew in toward London at , while "Jagdgeschwader 53" (JG 53) flew top cover over the bombers. Some 30 "Jagdgeschwader 3" (JG 3) flew close escort. The bombers were travelling slowly, forcing the fighters to lower their flaps to stay with the bombers, which made them sitting ducks. They crossed the coast at Folkestone at 11:36. Fighters from II."Lehrgeschwader 2" (Demonstration Wing 2) were also to form part of the escort. They flew in advance of the main force to drop bombs and then resume their role as fighters. The strong head wind slowed the Dorniers, which meant that the Germans took even longer to reach the target while burning up the Bf 109s' limited fuel supplies. It also speeded up the RAF fighters coming in from the north.
LG 2 took off as the bombers crossed the English coast. Even with bombs, the Bf 109s were expected to overhaul the bombers and attack London a few minutes before the main raids began. Park interpreted the LG 2 raid as a major thrust and was determined to meet the "second wave" as he saw it. He scrambled six more squadrons but kept four reserve squadrons at Hornchurch and RAF Tangmere. As the forces closed, around 120 Bf 109s and 25 Do 17s were facing 245 Spitfires and Hurricanes.
Combat.
Park's plan worked. The Biggin Hill squadrons, 72 and 92 Squadrons made contact with the enemy over Canterbury. Arriving at , they found themselves above the top covering German fighters (JG 53). Beyond Canterbury, they could also see KG 76 and JG 3 over Ashford. At 11:50, they attacked out of the sun. Taken by surprise, four or five of I./JG 53s Bf 109s were hit by the Spitfires. Spitfires of 92 Squadron tried to charge through the fighter screen to get at the Dorniers but were blocked. Soon afterwards, No. 603 Squadron joined the fight. Park had broken up the top level escort. Some 23 Hurricanes of Nos. 253 and 501 Squadrons arrived at the same height as the bombers and delivered a head-on attack. Lindmayr's crews were experienced and the formation held its nerve and remained intact. JG 3 in turn attacked the Hurricanes dispatching two from 501 Squadron. Northolt's No. 229 and No. 303 Squadron RAF were also arriving and engaged JG 52. One of 239 Squadrons Hurricanes and a JG 52 Bf 109 collided. The bombers ploughed on and reached Lewisham. However, the formation was now isolated. The escorts were embroiled in dogfights all over Kent and half the RAF fighters were yet to engage. JG 53 were further engaged by several squadrons; Nos. 1, No. 46, No. 249 and No. 605 Squadron RAF. No. 605, lead by Archie McKellar broke away and delivered a 12-fighter attack scoring some hits on the bombers. JG 27 meanwhile suffered two casualties, one possibly against No. 19 Squadron. It claimed only one British fighter that day.
JG 3 claimed two fighters for one loss.
Up until now, the Bf 109s had successfully blocked attacks on the bombers. However, Park's tactics of attacking the Germans all along the route forced their fighters to use up fuel more quickly in dogfights. When the outskirts of London came into view, they began to depart at 12:07 north of Lewisham.
The North Weald pair, No. 504 and 257 Squadrons engaged the Dorniers with 20 Hurricanes. One German pilot, Feldwebel Robert Zehbe developed engine trouble and lagged half a mile behind the main bomber stream. He was set upon and shot down. As he bailed out he set the aircraft on autopilot. He landed near The Oval and was severely wounded by a civilian mob. He was rescued by the British Army but died of his wounds. His Dornier meanwhile flew on empty and attracted a swarm of fighters. Eventually Ray Holmes of 504 Squadron rammed the bomber. The tail came off and air pressure snapped off the outer wings short of the engines. The bomber crashed onto the forecourt of London Victoria station. During its spinning dive, the gravitational force on the Dornier caused its bombs to be released, which hit or landed near to Buckingham Palace nearby, damaging the building. Holmes survived.
Directly over the target, Bader's Big Wing arrived and attacked while the Germans were on the bomb-run. Thirty seconds after the release of the bombs, they hit the target area, the Battersea rail lines next to Battersea Park on the Thames south bank. Each Dornier's payload of twenty bombs carved a run long and wide. Some fell on the high-density civilian housing. The bombs missed Clapham Junction but fell across the rail network tracks that connected it to Victoria Station north of the Thames and the main line heading north east on the south side of the river. The damage done had cut the tracks in Battersea in several places and a viaduct had collapsed over some rails. Rail traffic was halted. Four unexploded bombs delayed repairs. The rail lines were only out of action for three days.
But within minutes, the Do 17 formation had been reduced to 15 aircraft and most of them were damaged. Six had been shot down and four were attempting to make a run for home. The remainder dropped their bombs and were met by a covering force of Bf 109s and landed back in France without further combat. LG 2 meanwhile had been and gone. They saw one rail station and released their bombs and returned home. They saw only one British fighter, No. 46 Squadron’s Pilot Officer Gunning who reported the make up of the formation. Park had decided to ignore their raid.
Overall the attackers lost six bombers and 12 Bf 109s, some 12.5% of its strength. However, the British claimed 81 aircraft, 26 by the Duxford Wing. Zehbe's Dornier alone was claimed nine times. Among the German casualties that day was Rolf Heitsch and his 'flame throwing Dornier'. Park would not have been pleased that despite being stripped of protection the small force of bombers lost only a quarter of its strength while surrounded by 100 fighters. Still, the operation had been a victory. Fighter Command lost 13 fighters, eight were claimed by JG 52.
Interlude: 13:00 to 13:45.
At 13:00, the German formations were plotted making their way back to France. Churchill was delighted with the results. The WAAF had been due to change shift, but the scheduled relief time could not take place during an operation. By 13:05 the fighters were back on the ground. Rearming and refueling began immediately to return the machines back to battle ready status as soon as possible, while the pilots wrote their combat reports which including filing claims and details of their battle to the best of their recollections. Bader's Big Wing landed. Owing to battle damage, 49 of Duxford's 56 fighters were operational by the afternoon.
By this time, the German bombers were touching down in the Pas de Calais. Two were so badly damaged that they were written off in crash landings, bring the total losses to eight Do 17s. Almost all bore the scars of battle. One machine had sustained 70 hits, another 200.
In the afternoon, RAF Bomber Command abandoned more attacks on invasion ports because of insufficient cloud cover. Six Bristol Blenheims undertook an armed reconnaissance over the North Sea. RAF Coastal Command flew 95 sorties for anti-invasion, anti-submarine, mine laying and reconnaissance missions. Spitfires photographed every port from Antwerp to Cherbourg. They returned with evidence of a gradually increasing build up of amphibious forces. All the Command's aircraft returned.
Mid-afternoon attack: 13:45 to 15:45.
German take off, British detection.
Even before the Do 17s of KG 76 had touched down, the next wave was already just getting airborne. II and III./"Kampfgeschwader 2" (KG 2), (from Boissy-Saint-Léger and Cambrai) II./"Kampfgeschwader 3" (KG 3) (from Antwerp), I and II./"Kampfgeschwader 53" (KG 53) (from Lille) and I and II./"Kampfgeschwader 26" (from Wevelghem and Gilze en Rijen) took off to target the West India Docks and Royal Victoria Dock north of the Thames as well as the warehouses of the Surrey Commercial Docks in the south. JG 53 and Adolf Galland's "Jagdgeschwader 26" (JG 26) were to escort the bombers. The fighters met them as the bombers formed up over Calais.
The phalanx of the German bombers headed for Dungeness. At the head were 43 Do 17s from KG 2; next, a couple of miles behind, came 24 He 111s of KG 53; finally, a couple of miles further behind, came 19 Do 17s from KG 3; followed by 28 He 111s of KG 26. The headwind was present again, and the 114 bombers battled against it. The German fighter pilots kept close escort. They detested the tactic. It handed the initiative to the British regarding how and when to attack. Moreover, if they were bounced by Spitfires, the Bf 109s would take too long to accelerate to full throttle in order to escape.
The German fighter escort consisted of five "Gruppen" from JG 3, JG 53 and "Jagdgeschwader 77" (JG 77). LG 2 Bf 109s flew top cover while Adolf Galland's JG 26 and "Jagdgeschwader 51" (JG 51) conducted fighter sweeps in advance of the main bomber stream. For the sake of appearances (the morale of the bomber crews), "Zerstörergeschwader 26" (Destroyer Wing 26 or ZG 26) flying the Messerschmitt Bf 110 flew close escort to KG 26. It was twice as small as the formation that hit London on 7 September, but instead of having two fighters for every bomber, there were four. Nor could the German pilots complain about being tied to the bombers. Sufficient numbers of fighters were allowed to roam on free-ranging patrols.
At 13:45, Chain Home radar picked up the German raids. No. 11 Group scrambled one Spitfire from RAF Hawkinge on the channel coast. Flown by No. 92 Squadron Pilot Officer Alan Wright, his job was to climb as quickly as possible over the sea and act as a spotter. He was to report on the direction, height, composition and strength of the German formation. The radar operators assessed the strengths of the three largest formations at 30, 50, and 60 plus. Five smaller formations added up to 85 plus. In fact, the British estimate of 225 aircraft proved too small. The German force was 475 aircraft strong. Shortly before 14:00, the German formation left the French coast. Park ordered his forces to repeat the earlier interception tactic. Four pairs of squadrons were ordered to patrol Sheerness, Chelmsford, Hornchurch and RAF Kenley.
RAF scramble.
At 14:00, No. 11 Group released 68 fighters. Hornchurch's No. 603 and No. 222 Squadron RAF committed 20 Spitfires to Sheerness at . The squadrons would fail to find each other and went into action singly. At Debden, No. 17 Squadron RAF, No. 257 Squadron RAF sent 20 Hurricanes to Chelmsford at . Kenley dispatched No. 501 and 605 Squadrons with 17 Hurricanes to Kenley at just . North Weald ordered No. 249 and 504 Squadrons to cover Hornchurch at .
Just five minutes later, the German bombers began splitting into three groups heading for the coast between Dungeness and Dover. Park decided to scramble four more squadrons. When it became apparent that five concentrations of Bf 109s were taking the direct route to London on free-hunting patrols, Park scrambled eight more squadrons. No. 11 Group dispatched Biggin Hill's No. 41 Squadron RAF followed by 92 Squadron. The force could put up 20 Spitfires. They were directed to Hornchurch at . At 12:10, Northolt No. 1 (Canadian) and 229 Squadrons sent 21 Hurricanes to Northolt. North Weald sent nine Hurricanes of No. 46 Squadrons to the London Docks. Biggin Hill sent another wave, No. 72 and No. 66 Squadron RAF, with 20 Spitfires to Biggin Hill at . Debden was called into action again and ordered No. 73 Squadron RAF to Maidstone at . Beginning at 12:15, Kenley dispatched No. 253 Squadron RAF with nine Hurricanes to guard the airfield. RAF Tangmere was in action for the first time, sending Nos. 213 and No. 607 Squadron RAF's 23 Hurricanes to defend Kenley and Biggin Hill. The largest contingent came from No. 12 Group. Duxford, or the "Big Wing", No. 19, 242, 302, 310 and 311 Squadrons with 20 Spitfires and 27 Hurricanes were ordered to Hornchurch at . Middle Wallop committed No. 238 Squadron and 12 Hurricanes to the Kenley area.
By the time Park decided to launch his third wave, the first engagements were taking place. At 14:20, he ordered No. 11 Group's No. 303 (Polish) Squadron and its nine Hurricanes to Northold at . Tangmere scrambled No. 602 Squadron RAF and 12 Spitfires to hover over Kenley, Biggin Hill and Gravesend. Meanwhile No. 10 Group RAF were ordered into action. A request was made for No. 609 Squadron and 13 Spitfires to climb to over Kenley. This squadron left Middle Wallop at 14:28.
The RAF now had 276 Spitfires and Hurricanes in the air. The Germans outnumbered the British in this raid by two to one. More seriously, for every two RAF fighters, there were three Bf 109s.
Initial clashes.
Over Romney Marsh Nos. 41, 92 and 222 Squadrons engaged JG 26, losing one of their number to the Bf 109s. The second wave of RAF fighters arrived on the scene, comprising 607 and 213 Squadrons with 23 Hurricanes. They initiated a head-on attack against the Do 17s of KG 3. A Hurricane and a Dornier collided, both going down. The Bf 109s did their best to break up attacks and the bombers held a tight formation, putting up withering cross-fire. The Bf 109s were not permitted to leave the bombers and chase enemy fighters. Time and again, they were forced to break off and return to the bomber stream, allowing the RAF fighters to return and repeat the process. Soon after, No. 605 and No. 501 Squadron arrived with 14 Hurricanes. One fighter was hit by return fire, but the pilot aimed his aircraft at a Dornier and bailed out. The fighter collided and destroyed the bomber. The German bomber crews had no way of knowing that the crashes were not premeditated. It seemed as if the British were desperate. Nevertheless, they thought the 'tactic' was devastatingly effective. Chastened by losses, the Dorniers closed ranks to snuff out the gaps and continued to their target.
At 14:31, they reached the Thames and British AAA defences opened up. The bombers were forced to evade their fire. One Dornier was damaged. KG 53 lost a He 111 following up KG 3 over the area.
At 14:35, Park and Churchill watched the battle unfold in Uxbridge's operations room. The Prime Minister asked what reserves were available. Park said there were none. At this point Park was stretched. At Park's request, he had sent all the Squadrons from No. 10 and 12 Group that were adjacent to 11 Group to the capital. If the "Luftwaffe" launched a follow up attack, there were only three Squadrons available, in 12 and 10 Group (based in Norfolk and Dorset) and none in the Kent region. All other day squadrons were based too far away to get involved. Nevertheless, Park knew that a low cloud base over RAF Croydon (), Hornchurch (), Northolt (), RAF Hendon () and Biggin Hill () would make a low-level accurate strike the Germans' only option. High-altitude attacks were improbable. Possibly to create a reserve, Park ordered 41, 213 and 605 Squadrons to return early though they had only been airborne for 45 minutes and had plenty of fuel left, even if ammunition was short. The vast bulk of the remaining squadrons were heading to London. A total of 185 fighters in 19 Squadrons were ready to engage. The battle would involve over 600 aircraft.
Main battle.
In the vicinity of Gravesend, the right-hand German formation comprising KG 3 and its trailing He 111s of KG 26 would bear the brunt of the next attack from 63 fighters from Nos 17, 46, 249, 257, 504 and 603 Squadrons. Nos. 249 and 504 Hurricanes went into action first. The first pass saw three Do 17s go down, including Ernst Peuttmann leading 5th "Staffel" (Squadron). The Bf 109s escorting KG 26 could only watch, forbidden to leave their Heinkel charges. As the first attack finished, No. 257 Squadron led by Squadron Leader Robert Stanford Tuck attacked the Heinkels with nine Hurricanes. The escorts had their work cut out and were scattered. No. 257 targeted the badly protected bombers.
As 257 engaged KG 26, KG 53 came under attack from No. 1 (Canadian), 66, 72, 229 Squadrons. No. 66 attacked first followed by 72 and 229. Some Spitfires climbed over the bombers to seek cover from the Bf 109s. The British were surprised to see an unidentified formation of Bf 109s continue on without interfering. Two He 111s were forced back to France and another was shot down. I./JG 3 had nine Bf 109s providing close escort which eventually turned to protect the bombers. They claimed one Canadian Hurricane and one Spitfire from No. 66 Squadron. KG 2 in the left-hand column came under attack from 23 Hurricanes from Nos. 73, 253 and 303 Squadrons. JG 53 were alert to the danger and shot down one 303 Hurricane and damaged five more. No. 73 Squadron made a head-on attack damaging one bomber.
Meanwhile, Park was hoping for Bader's Wing to turn up and deliver its promised results. As soon as the Duxford Wing did arrive it was intercepted. Arriving between Kenley and Maidstone at varying altitude (), it emerged from cloud in the vicinity of KG 2's stream. Galland's JG 26 was directly above it. In a reversal of their roles, the Hurricanes engaged the Bf 109s while the Spitfires went for the bombers. While they failed to deliver their anti-bomber attacks, they drew in the Bf 109 escorts and free-hunting German fighters making it easier for other RAF fighters to reach the bombers. No. 310 Squadron lost two Hurricanes to JG 26, one to Adolf Galland, as the battle became a confusing mess of combats. By 14:40, the bombers reached London. KG 3 had lost three Do 17s destroyed and two damaged while KG 26 had suffered only one damaged bomber. KG 53 in the central column had lost one and three more forced to turn back owing to battle damage, while only one KG 2 machine had been forced to do the same. Despite the British presence, 100 bombers with 120 tons of bombs prepared to drop their bombs.
One of the reasons the bombers had sustained so little damage was the cloud base. Its density had made it difficult for RAF fighter controllers to direct their squadrons with accuracy. The same cloud that helped shield the bombers was to obscure the target area. Its base started at and its top reached . The bombers reached the Victoria Docks, but it and the other targets were covered. The skies were clear over West Ham and the bombers concentrated on the borough, in particular the Bromley-by-Bow gas works. KG 3, 26 and 53 dropped their bombs at 14:45.
Most of the targeted area was three square miles in extent, bounded on the north by the over ground railway of the District line, on the west by the River Lea, on the east by the Plaistow Marshes and on the south by the Royal Victoria Dock. The gas works were targeted by KG 26. Heavy high explosive bombs severely damaged the plant. Upton Park tube station was also hit and an electric sub-station was hit causing a black out. Residential areas were badly damaged. KG 2 was unable to find the Surrey Commercial Docks. It turned away and dropped its bombs over a wide area. According to West Ham borough records, 17 people were killed, or died of wounds sustained in the attack. Another 92 were seriously injured, while 40 were slightly injured.
As the Germans retreated back out over the channel, some bomber groups scattered while others formed uneven formations and were pursued by RAF fighters. With fuel dwindling, the Bf 109s headed back to France, unable to help the hard-pressed bombers.
The German bombers that had been forced out of formation attempted to make it to France using the cloud as cover. However virtually all were destroyed. Four Do 17s and six He 111s were shot down by fighters that were now swarming over Kentish air space. The main formations withdrew as more RAF squadrons closed in. The escort plan held up, and 50 Bf 109s met the withdrawing units. Still, there were gaps in the formation. Nos. 238, 602 and 609 Squadrons exploited them. No. 238 Hurricanes engaged KG 53 while the others shot down two Do 17s from KG 2. Bader's squadron also took part shooting down one Dornier. Two RAF fighters were lost to the escorts. Another source indicated the German fighters sent to cover the retreat made little impact and were hardly noticed by RAF fighters. It appears I./ "Lehrgeschwader 1" (LG 1) formed part of the withdrawal force. It lost three Bf 110s to No. 303 (Polish) Squadron RAF at 15:50. No. 303 Squadron claimed three Dorniers and two Bf 110s while No. 602 claimed seven bombers and two fighters. Still, the RAF grossly over claimed German losses. They claimed 77 bombers and 29 fighters.
German losses on that raid had been heavy. KG 2 had lost eight Do 17s and seven damaged. Personnel losses of the unit amounted to 19 crew killed, nine captured and 10 wounded. KG 3 had fared little better, losing six destroyed and four damaged. Personnel losses in II./KG 3, 15 were killed, 10 were captured and four were wounded. The He 111s were to suffer lightly. One He 111 was lost, its crew was captured. Three more were damaged and two crewmen were wounded. KG 53 lost six Heinkels with another two damaged. It lost 12 aircrew killed, 18 captured and four wounded including Major Max Gruber, II./KG 53's "Gruppenkommandeur" (Group Commander). The German fighter screen suffered as well. In the battle, JG 51 lost two Bf 109s, JG 52 a single Bf 109, JG 53 lost seven Bf 109s and one damaged, JG 77 lost one and one damaged, while LG 2 lost two Bf 109s. Having lost two Bf 109s in the first raid, two more were lost owing to the pilots running out of fuel or being shot down in combat.
In total, the "Luftwaffe" had lost 21 bombers destroyed, and scores damaged. It also lost at least 12 fighters. The RAF had lost 15 fighters destroyed while 21 were damaged. Another source puts German fighter losses at 23.
From 15:00, III./"Kampfgeschwader 55" (KG 55) took off from Villacoublay led by Major Schlemell. It headed towards Southampton before diverting to bomb Royal Navy targets at Portland. British radar reported them as six intruders. There were actually more than 20 He 111s without fighter escort. They were intercepted by six Spitfires from No. 152 Squadron from RAF Warmwell. The bombers dropped their ordnance but only five fell among naval installations causing minor damage. The RAF fighters claimed one destroyed and another damaged. KG 55 "9 Staffel" lost one He 111P-2 (one survivor) and "8 Staffel" suffered one bomber damaged and one of the crew killed.
Evening and night actions.
There was one more noteworthy operation before the Germans ceased their attacks for the day. At 17:40, 20 aircraft from "Erprobungsgruppe 210" took off. It was picked up just off the Cherbourg peninsula as it made its way across the central Channel to the Isle of Wight. By 17:50, it had reached St. Catherine's Point. Nos. 213 and 602 Squadrons were patrolling nearby at Tangmere, where they were kept for the duration of the raid. No. 607 Squadron, also from Tangmere, was flying to the airfield over Southampton at and No. 609 Squadron was on its way from Middle Wallop to patrol Portsmouth. At 18:00, by which time the German operation was virtually over, the British dispositions were completed when No. 238 Squadron took off from Middle Wallop to patrol the airfield.
The German target was the Spitfire factory at Woolston. They arrived near it at 17:55. The Southampton guns engaged them for the entire time over the target. When the Germans retired, RAF fighters appeared. Fortunately, the Germans missed the factory. They did manage to rupture a number of gas and water mains while damaging nearby residential areas. There was slight damage done to the shipbuilding yard in Southampton Harbour. According to German records, of bombs were dropped. Had they succeeded in hitting the Spitfire factory, they could have seriously impacted British fighter production. As it was, nine civilians were killed, 10 seriously injured, and 23 slightly injured in the attack.
The make up of the formation is unclear. An eye-witness, air enthusiast Alexander McKee, 22, was drinking tea at a cafe in Stoneham when the attack began:
...I went outside on hearing enemy planes. I counted them aloud. Ten. They dived straight on Southampton, without any preliminaries, through a barrage of gunfire, one after the other. Alfred saw a bomb released, then handed the glasses (Binoculars) to me. The aircraft had twin-rudders, and might have been Dorniers or Jaguars bomber version of the Bf 110 thought to be in use at the time. The dives were fast but shallow, and they pulled out of them at about 2,000 feet. It was not a dive-bombing attack proper. Soldiers passing made inane remarks about 'nothing could live in that barrage', although the Germans were living in it, too. The barrage was quite good, but none of the Huns were brought down...Very quickly and efficiently the Germans re-formed and disappeared into the cloud. I have never seen a better bit of flying than those Nazi pilots – German put up – they got into formation like a well-drilled team, in the teeth of guns.
Nos. 607 and 609 Squadrons engaged the Germans south-west of The Needles. The British reported 30–40 Bf 110s with 15 Do 17s in support. The tonnage of bombs dropped suggested there were fewer bombers than claimed. The RAF fighters claimed four Do 17s. The fact remains that the Germans penetrated the airspace without interception and came very close to inflicting critical damage to the Spitfire factory. The radar had done its job and alerted No. 11 and 10 Group 20 minutes before the bombs started to fall. The fault lay either with the No. 10 or 11 Group controllers who were late in ordering their Squadrons to scramble.
More interceptions took place in the evening. The interception of two separate He 111s near London at 19:00 signalled the last engagement of daylight. It is likely they were on reconnaissance missions to assess the damage done in the attacks. The interception was made by No. 66 Squadron RAF. One of the He 111s was chased out to sea and was last seen flying on one engine. It was likely to have belonged to I./"Kampfgeschwader 1" (KG 1), which reported one He 111 destroyed upon crash landing back in France after combat.
Small groups of German bombers attempted to attack London in the afternoon, causing little damage. II./"Kampfgeschwader 4" (KG 4) had one He 111 crash land near Eindhoven after combat with the crew unhurt. The bomber was 30 percent damaged. "6 Staffel" "Kampfgeschwader 30" (KG 30) lost one Junkers Ju 88 to fighters when it crashed in France and another force landed after combat. I. and II./"Kampfgeschwader 51" (KG 51) lost one Ju 88 each and another damaged. In the lost Ju 88s, all crews were reported missing.
"Kampfgeschwader 27" (KG 27) bombed Liverpool during the night at 10:48. Widespread damage was caused in the city and neighbouring Birkenhead, but only nine casualties were inflicted. Elsewhere damage was reported at Eastbourne, Worthing, Bournemouth, Cardiff, Avonmouth, Manchester, Warrington, Bootle and Preston. RAF night fighters flew 64 sorties and intercepted two bombers. Neither the fighters or ground defences claimed any successes.
Aftermath.
Overclaiming and propaganda.
Over claiming in aerial warfare is not uncommon. During the Second World War, pilots often claimed more aircraft shot down than was actually the case. The Air Ministry released a press statement on 15 September that 175–185 German aircraft had been shot down. The actual number of aircraft destroyed was ⅔ lower and significantly less than the number of German losses on 15 and 18 August (The Hardest Day), in which the "Luftwaffe" lost 75 and 69 respectively.
At 20:00, Churchill, who had returned to 10 Downing Street, was awoken. He received bad news from the navy. In the Atlantic sinking of shipping had been bad, but his Secretary informed him that all had been redeemed in the day's air battle. He was told the RAF had downed 183 enemy aircraft for under 40 losses.
On 16 September, a British flying boat arrived in New York delivering news of a "record bag" of 185 enemy aircraft. The German Embassy tried in vain to correct the total. The Germans were ignored and the "New York Times" ran several excited stories calling for a military alliance with Britain and her Commonwealth. The Germans were slower in putting their story together. On 17 September, the Nazi Party newspaper "Völkischer Beobachter" announced that attacks had caused considerable damage to London. It claimed the "Luftwaffe" destroyed 79 RAF aircraft for 43 losses. This was also a severe over claim. RAF losses amounted to 29 fighters.
AOC 11 Group Keith Park was livid with the claim returns. As far as he was concerned, claiming 200 on one day was nonsense. He placed particular blame on Leigh-Mallory's Big Wing which had claimed one third, around 60, of the 185 'victories' (total claims were 81 in the morning and 104 in the afternoon). More damage should have been done to German bombers inbound to the target rather than destroying stragglers that were no military threat as they made their way to the coast. He complained that there were too many inexperienced leaders and interceptions were being missed. Things needed "tightening up", that was Park's lesson for 15 September. Park was aware the ratio of losses was 2:1 in the British favour. It had been a decent performance, but not Fighter Command's best.
Evaluation of the day's events.
In the two main engagements, the fighter losses had been about equal. The big difference was the bombers losses. Fighter Command had had greater success against the afternoon attack rather than the morning assault, which it out numbered 2:1. The ratio of German fighters to bombers had been 3:1 in the morning but 5:1 in the afternoon, so there were more targets. The more bombers Kesselring sent, the more were lost.
Kesselring was back where he started. Park's handling of the actions was a masterpiece of aggressive defence, yet he was not under the same pressure as he had been in the battles during August when air battles were so confusing they were hard to control. A big set-piece offensive played into his hands.
Leigh-Mallory claimed the Big Wings had destroyed entire formations of enemy aircraft upon seeing them. He even claimed the RAF outnumbered their opponents in several engagements. In the afternoon battle, he claimed that the Wing could not get into position to break up the bombers in time and was intercepted by German fighters. Still, while that was true he also claimed his units had shot down 105 enemy aircraft and probably destroyed a further 40. He claimed another 18 damaged for the loss of 14 and six pilots.
The claims were a massive exaggeration. But while the Big Wing had proven physically ineffective for the most part, its biggest contribution to the day had been its use as a psychological weapon. The German bomber units that had seen the Big Wing form up were quite shocked, and those crews in the badly hit units, including KG 2 and KG 3, that had witnessed head-on collisions with German aircraft were badly shaken.
A German victory on the Battle of Britain Day was unlikely. It could only have been possible if Park had made crass errors and had been caught on the ground. Stephen Bungay postulates that even had the loss rates been reversed, Dowding could have replaced those with reinforcements from his C units and carried on. Moreover, during both major engagements Fighter Command had used less than ½ of its strength. It would have been able to meet the "Luftwaffe" again on the morrow.
Hermann Göring met his staff at Karinhall the following day for a conference. Their assessments of the air battle verged on pure fantasy. They concluded the RAF had withdrawn all available fighter units from all over the country to concentrate of London. The fact that the Western afternoon raids against ports were uncontested led them to believe the enemy was breaking. Another four or five days, they thought, would be sure to break them.
The OKL believed that the British were down to their last 300 fighters, with only 250 being produced. To stop fighter production, factories in Bristol were to be attacked. London was also to be subjected to round the clock bombing.
Theo Osterkamp pointed to the massed formations used by the British (Big Wing), and put their use down to the ineffectiveness of the 15 September raids. Göring was delighted with the news that the British were committing mass formations to battle. The Big Wing's use would allow the German fighters to engage and destroy RAF fighters in large numbers. However, the Germans had not realised this stratagem was by no means "the" uniform strategy in Fighter Command. Nevertheless, the OKL were still confident of victory. It blamed the bad weather and RAF's last-minute change of strategy for prolonging summer operations. Still, the "Luftwaffe" bomber crews were ordered to prepare winter quarters. The campaign turned to London for the duration of 1940. It would witness some large-scale daylight air battles, but it gradually turned to a campaign by night. It would become known as The Blitz.
Hitler's reaction.
Hitler did not seem overly bothered with the outcome of the air battle. For him, "Sea Lion" had also been a huge risk, even with air superiority, and he had been convinced since the end of August the "Luftwaffe" would not achieve it anyway. The war with Britain would have to go on. He would maintain the threat of invasion until 1941 through the use of strategic bombing. Then, he would turn against the Soviet Union and eliminate Britain's last possible ally in Europe. With the Soviets defeated, he believed the British would negotiate. On 17 September, he sent out a directive to the three armed services informing them of "Sea Lion" delay. On this date, the date for S-Day had been 21 September. It was now postponed until further notice. It is likely that Hitler did not want to gamble his new-found military prestige by launching a hazardous venture across the Channel unless the "Luftwaffe" had crushed all opposition. At the beginning of December 1940, Hitler told the "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" (OKW) that they could forget "Sea Lion", although he did not formally cancel the operation until 3 March 1942.
Göring had never believed in "Sea Lion", while Hitler had never believed "Adler" could achieve victory without "Sea Lion". Both went their own ways. Hitler needed someone to keep up the pressure on Britain, and Göring was willing to do it. On 19 September, Hitler ordered that no further barges were to be added to "Sea Lion" ports, but those under assembly were to continue. But the damage being done by RAF Bomber Command now meant sustaining the army in readiness was becoming a strain. The invasion forces were broken up and moved East on the understanding it could be reassembled with only three weeks notice.
Strategic overview.
There was no clear solution to combating Britain from the air. Göring had not given up hope of winning a victory by airborne assault. He discussed the possibility of invading Ireland (Fall Grün, or Operation Green) with Kurt Student in January 1941, in order to surround Britain by land, sea and air. The operation was shelved. Instead, the "Luftwaffe", with varying degrees of success, carried out the strategic bombardment of British industrial cities. The lack of RAF night defences in this stage of the war enabled the German bombers to inflict extensive damage without suffering the heavy losses of the daylight campaign. It is estimated that the "Luftwaffe" lost around 500 aircrews during the "Blitz" in comparison to the Battle of Britain in which it lost around 2,800 killed, 340 wounded, 750 captured. Overall losses were cut by one-third of daylight operations.
Still, perennial problems with spares meant serviceability rates remained at about 50%. The "Luftwaffe"s bomber crews had never been trained for bad weather or night operations. To support them, navigation aids in the form of "Knickebein" (Crooked Leg) were made available. They allowed German crews to navigate effectively to their targets. For the most part, crews were confident in using them, with the exception of poorer quality replacement crews. These systems were responsible for a few very successful attacks, such as the Coventry operation on 14 November. Operations against Liverpool were also successful. Some 75% of the port's capacity was reduced at one point, and it lost of shipping to air attacks, with another damaged. Minister of Home Security Herbert Morrison was also worried that morale was breaking, noting the defeatism expressed by civilians. Operations against London up until May 1941 could also have a severe impact on morale.
The campaign's ultimate limitation was the poor formulation of military strategy. The types of targets selected from one operation to the next differed radically and no sustained pressure was put on any one type of British target. The "Luftwaffe"s strategy became increasingly aimless. Disputes among the OKL staff revolved more around tactics than strategy. This method condemned the offensive over Britain to failure before it had begun.
The end result of the air campaign against Britain in 1940 and 1941 was a decisive failure to end the war. As Hitler committed Germany to ever increasing military adventures, the "Wehrmacht" became increasingly overstretched and was unable to cope with a multi-front war. By 1944, the Allies were ready to launch Operation Overlord, the invasion of Western Europe. The Battle of Britain ensured that the Western Allies had a base from which to launch the campaign and that there would be a Western Allied presence on the battlefield to meet the Soviet Red Army in central Europe at the end of the war in May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19286978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19286978" title="Hans-Jürgen Hellriegel">
Hans-Jürgen Hellriegel

Hans-Jürgen Hellriegel (16 June 1917 – 2 July 1944) was a "Kapitänleutnant" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He sailed with , and , sinking three ships on seven patrols, for a total of 10.969 tons of Allied shipping. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Hellriegel and the entire crew of "U-543" were killed by depth charges and a homing torpedo from TBF Avenger aircraft (VC-58) of the US escort carrier on 2 July 1944.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of , and Hans-Jürgen Hellriegel is credited with the sinking of 3 merchant ships for a total of , a warship of and damaging two ships of .

</doc>
<doc id="19286996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19286996" title="Dan Gottfried">
Dan Gottfried

Dan Gottfried (1939 - ) () is an Israeli jazz pianist and music educator. In 1987, he founded the Red Sea Jazz Festival, which he directed until his retirement in 2008.He is president of the Israel Musicians Union. 
Biography.
Dan Gottfried studied piano at the Tel Aviv Academy of Music. In 1959, he won First Prize in the Mozart Piano competition. In 1962, he earned an undergraduate degree in economics at Hebrew University of Jerusalem and went on to study law. He began his career as a classic pianist in the early 1960s. In the 1970s he was one of the founders of the Israeli Jazz Workshop quartet, the group that recorded the first instrumental jazz album in Israel and fused jazz with Jewish and Arab motifs. In 1981, he founded the Jazz Faculty in the Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance and served as head of the faculty for 8 years. In 1985 he founded the Jazz Studies department of the High School of Art Thelma Yellin. In 1992 he was commissioned by the Tel Aviv Museum of Art to direct the Jazz Concerts Series at the museum. In 1994 he started the Jazz Series Lectures at the Open University of Israel, a yearly series of 10 lectures on the history of Jazz which is still an ongoing project. In 1998 he created the "Jazz at The Opera" concert series at the Tel Aviv Opera House, which he ran until 2004.
Gottfried leads his own Jazz Trio and Quintet, which has been invited by the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs to present Israeli jazz in tours abroad. (1993 Bieloruss, 1996 Latvia, 1998 India, 2004 Italy) He has performed with many jazz greats, among them Dizzy Gillespie, Benny Golson, Frank Foster, Sam Rivers, Niels-Henning Pedersen, Randy Brecker, Von Freeman, Johnny Frigo, Franz Jackson, Clark Tery, Major Holley, Ronnie Cuber, Sheila Jordan, Georgie Fame, Mark Murphey, Kevin Mahogany, Jean Loup L'ongnon and Gyula Babos.
Gottfried serves currently as president of the Israeli Musicians' Union and general manager of the Israeli Musicians' Collecting Society.
Gottfried's son, Yaron Gottfried, is the artistic director of the Netanya Kibbutz Orchestra. 
Awards.
In 2007, Gottfried received the Israeli Ministry of Culture prize for lifetime achievements in the field of jazz. In 2010, he was honored by the Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance and received its Gold Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19287006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287006" title="Meneng">
Meneng


</doc>
<doc id="19287031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287031" title="Check Yes Juliet">
Check Yes Juliet

"Check Yes Juliet" is a song written and recorded by American pop punk band We the Kings. It was released in February 2008 as the second single from their eponymous debut album (2007). The band also produced a music video for the song. The track is currently their biggest hit on "Billboard" charts, peaking at No. 70 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In 2011 it was released as the album's first single in Australia where it peaked at No. 26 on the ARIA charts, being certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for the shipment of 70,000 copies. The song is featured in the 2009 rhythm-based video game Lego Rock Band. 
Music video.
The video was directed by Alan Ferguson. It portrays Travis (lead singer) as Romeo "tossing rocks" at Juliet's window. Juliet's parents do not approve of Juliet's relationship with Travis "Romeo" and therefore order Juliet to stay away from him. The video ends with Juliet sneaking out to see Travis perform at a house party. Juliet is played by Addison Timlin.
Charts.
1 "Check Yes Juliet" charted in Australia in 2011, and was released as their first official single in the region for their Australian tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19287034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287034" title="Syria-Lebanon Campaign order of battle">
Syria-Lebanon Campaign order of battle

This is the order of battle for the Syria-Lebanon Campaign, a World War II campaign between the Western Allies and Vichy France during June and July, 1941.
Allied Forces.
Commander-in-Chief Middle East Command: General Sir Archibald Wavell<br>General Officer Commanding Palestine and Trans-Jordan: General Sir H. Maitland Wilson
South Syria and Lebanon - Australian I Corps (command activated 18 June).
General Officer Commanding I Corps: Lieutenant-General John Lavarack
Northern Syria.
Elements of Iraqforce:
In northern Iraq and the "Duck's Bill" region of Syria.
Under command of HQ British Troops Iraq: Lieutenant-General Sir Edward Quinan
Vichy French Forces.
The Army of the Levant ("Armée du Levant") identifies the armed forces of France and then Vichy France which occupied a portion of the "Levant" during the "interwar period" and early World War II. In 1920, the French were given a mandate over Syria and Lebanon by the League of Nations. During this period of time, Syria was known as the French Mandate of Syria and Lebanon was known as the French Mandate of Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="19287037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287037" title="Coleophora lutipennella">
Coleophora lutipennella

Coleophora lutipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe, except the Mediterranean Islands.
The wingspan is 10–12 mm. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Castanea sativa", "Quercus macranthera", "Quercus petraea", "Quercus pontica", "Quercus pubescens" and "Quercus robur". They create a light brown, trivalved, tubular silken case of about 7 mm long. The mouth angle is about 45°. Full-grown larvae can be found in early June.

</doc>
<doc id="19287046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287046" title="Eriko">
Eriko

Possible writings.
Eriko can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19287057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287057" title="Meneng Constituency">
Meneng Constituency

Meneng Constituency is one of the constituencies of Nauru. It returns three members from Meneng to the Parliament of Nauru in Yaren.

</doc>
<doc id="19287062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287062" title="Poetry Africa">
Poetry Africa

Poetry Africa is an international poetry festival held annually in Durban, South Africa.
More than twenty poets, predominantly from South Africa and elsewhere on the African continent, participate in the 7–10 day Poetry Africa, an international poetry festival that is based mostly in Durban, South Africa, during the final quarter of the year. The festival's extensive programme includes theatre performances, readings, music and book-launches with a festival finale at BAT Centre. Day activities include seminars, workshops, open mic opportunities, and school visits.
Poetry Africa is organized by the Centre for Creative Arts which is a multi-disciplinary arts organisation within the Faculty of Human Sciences at the University of KwaZulu-Natal in Durban. From the CCA Mission statement:
"The Centre fulfils a function as facilitator, promoter, networker, and capacity builder, and plays a vital role in bringing to fruition the artistic potential of the region. The CCA co-ordinates four annual festivals which are the foremost of their kind in the region; Time of the Writer, Poetry Africa, the Durban International Film Festival, and the JOMBA! Contemporary Dance Festival. The CCA is also involved in other projects and programmes. These festivals reflect artistic integrity, are professionally produced, and receive excellent media coverage. All have strong international links that enhance intercultural artistic relationships with and within South Africa, the African continent, and the global community. All activities have important development components that reach into communities that do not have access to top-level art practitioners such as those participating in our festivals. Schools and tertiary institutions are a particular focus; as are grass roots community arts organisations."
Over 300 poets and writers have attended the festival in its 15 editions, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19287067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287067" title="Heinrich Pursuit">
Heinrich Pursuit

The Heinrich Pursuit was an American fighter prototype of the 1910s. It was the only known aircraft designed by Albert S. Heinrich.
Development.
During the 19 months in which the US participated in World War I, several attempts were made to design competent single-seat fighters of original design. Among these was the Heinrich Pursuit, conceived in 1917 by Albert Heinrich and built by the Victor Aircraft Corporation. Aerodynamically clean, the Pursuit was a single-bay, unequal-span biplane, powered by a 100 hp Gnome engine.
Operational history.
Two examples were ordered by the US Army Signal Corps. The first was delivered in November 1917, and underwent field testing at McCook Field, Dayton, Ohio. However, at the time US Air Force policy was to forego fighters of national design in favour of more tested foreign types. Nevertheless, the Pursuit was considered to have potential as a fighter trainer, and two more aircraft were ordered. These were powered by a more reliable 80 hp Le Rhône engine, and had a strengthened cabane and paired struts. The gross weight was reduced by 77 kg. These aircraft, called the Pursuit Mk II were delivered in early but no further development followed. One Pursuit, reputedly from 1918, equipped with a Liberty 8 engine is kept at the March Field Air Museum in Riverside, California.
Variants.
The photo unfortunately does not present Heinrich Pursuit /biplane/.

</doc>
<doc id="19287068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287068" title="Coleophora gryphipennella">
Coleophora gryphipennella

Coleophora gryphipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe, from Fennoscandia to the Iberian Peninsula and Italy and from Ireland to the Black Sea.
The wingspan is 11–13 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Rose species, including "Rosa acicularis", "Rosa arkansana", "Rosa canina", "Rosa glauca", "Rosa pendulina", "Rosa pimpinellifolia", "Rosa rubiginosa", "Rosa seraphini", "Rosa soulieana" and "Rosa tomentosa". The larvae hatch around the end of August. They make three cases during their lifetime. The final case, which they occupy after hibernation, is a laterally flattened tubular leaf case. The mouth angle is about 60°.

</doc>
<doc id="19287081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287081" title="Clearing House Automated Transfer System">
Clearing House Automated Transfer System

The Clearing House Automated Transfer System, or CHATS, is a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system for the transfer of funds in Hong Kong. It is operated by Hong Kong Interbank Clearing Limited, a private company jointly owned by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) and the Hong Kong Association of Banks. Transactions in four currency denominations may be settled using CHATS: Hong Kong dollar, renminbi, euro, and US dollar. In 2005, the value of Hong Kong dollar CHATS transactions averaged HK$467 billion per day, which amounted to a third of Hong Kong's annual Gross Domestic Product (GDP); the total value of transactions that year was 84 times the GDP of Hong Kong.
History.
Prior to the launch of CHATS as a RTGS system, interbank settlements in Hong Kong relied on a multi-tier system which settled in a daily net basis. About 170 banks settled with 10 banks. These 10 banks, in turn, settled with Hongkong Bank, which then settled with the HKMA in a one-to-one basis. Hongkong Bank acted as the clearing house under this system, settling payments across its books in a net basis on the day following the transactions. The HKMA decided that this did not meet international standards as set by G10's Committee on Payment and Settlement Systems; following a six-month feasibility study, in June 1994, it decided to develop CHATS as a RTGS system.
After two years of development, CHATS for Hong Kong dollars was launched on 9 December 1996. CHATS for US dollars and euros were launched on 21 August 2000 and 28 April 2003, respectively. In July 2007, the Regional CHATS Payment Services was also launched to link all participants in the three different CHATS versions for transactions involving currency exchange.
Features.
CHATS, like other RTGS systems, settles payment transactions on a "real time" and "gross" basis—payments are not subjected to any waiting period and each transaction is settled in a one-to-one manner such that it is not bunched with other transactions. It is a single-tier system where participants settle with one central clearing house. Payments are final, irrevocable, and settled immediately if there is sufficient funds in the participant's settlement account with the clearing house. Daylight overdraft is not offered in CHATS; payments that cannot be settled due to insufficient funds are queued. Banks are able to alter, cancel, and re-sequence payments in their queues.
Since no daylight overdraft is offered, in order for banks to avoid having to maintain large balances in their settlement accounts, which accrue no interest, so that payments are processed as soon as possible, interest-free intraday liquidity may be obtained by the banks through repurchase agreements (repos). Intraday repos that are not reversed at the end of the business day are carried into overnight borrowing.
Banks access CHATS by connecting to it via Member Bank Terminals which are provided by Hong Kong Interbank Clearing Limited. They may also develop their own software to access the CHATS terminal system provided that their software follow CHATS messaging format and protocol.
Hong Kong dollar CHATS.
The HKMA, which is Hong Kong's central banking institution, acts as the clearing house for Hong Kong dollar (HKD) CHATS. All licensed banks in Hong Kong maintain HKD settlement accounts with the HKMA, and as of June 2000, restricted license banks "with a clear business need" may also open settlement accounts with the HKMA. The volume of transactions in HKD CHATS in 2007, in raw number of transactions, totaled at 5,499,494. The total value of all transactions conducted in the same year was about HK$217 trillion. As of 25 August 2008, there are 142 participating banks with HKD CHATS.
US dollar CHATS.
Unlike HKD CHATS, the clearing house for US dollar (USD) CHATS is a commercial bank, Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC). In addition to obtaining intraday repos for payment settlement, participating banks may also obtain intraday liquidity via an overdraft facility provided by HSBC. Banks in Hong Kong are not required to participate in USD CHATS; they may choose to join as Direct Participants or Indirect Participants. Direct Participants maintain USD settlement accounts with HSBC for payment transactions in CHATS. Indirect Participants must conduct their payment transactions through Direct Participants. Additionally, a membership category called Indirect CHATS Users exists where its banks also conduct their payment transactions through Direct Participants. The volume of transactions in USD CHATS in 2007, in raw number of transactions, totaled at 2,121,058. The total value of all transactions conducted in the same year was about USD 2,127 billion. As of 25 August 2008, USD CHATS has 76 Direct Participant member banks, 18 Indirect Participant member banks, and 134 Indirect CHATS User member banks.
Euro CHATS.
Euro CHATS is structured similarly to USD CHATS. Its clearing house is also a commercial bank, Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong). Participating banks may obtain intraday liquidity via an overdraft facility provided by Standard Chartered Bank. Like USD CHATS, banks in Hong Kong are not required to participate in Euro CHATS. Euro CHATS has two categories of membership, Direct Participants and Indirect CHATS Users; they function in the same manner as the categories in USD CHATS. The volume of transactions in Euro CHATS in 2007, in raw number of transactions, totaled at 18,169. The total value of all transactions conducted in the same year was about €280 billion. As of 25 August 2008, Euro CHATS has 30 Direct Participant member banks and 20 Indirect CHATS User member banks.

</doc>
<doc id="19287095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287095" title="Gary Kelly (footballer born 1966)">
Gary Kelly (footballer born 1966)

Kelly began his career as an apprentice with Arthur Cox's Newcastle United in 1982 becoming boot boy to legendary former England captain and European Footballer of the Year Kevin Keegan. Kelly signed professional in 1984 as Jack Charlton took over as manager as Newcastle United Football Clubearned promotion to Division 1. Gary went on to win the F.A Youth Cup in 1985 beating Watford 4-1 on aggregate in a Paul Gascoigne inspired Newcastle United Football Club. In 1986, Kelly made his senior debut in a 1-0 win against Wimbledon at St James' Park, also going on to win the clubs Young Player of the Year Award that season.
Gary made over fifty league appearances for the Magpies which included saving two penalties in one game against Chelsea. He also saved a penalty against Liverpool at Wembley to knock them out of the Football League Centenary Finals in 1988.
In October 1988, he went on loan to Blackpool for a month, as stand-in for Barry Siddall.
In 1989, manager Jim Smith sold Kelly to Bury, with whom he spent the next seven years. He made 236 league appearances for the Gigg Lane club in 1990, he reached the play offs for division 2 (Championship) losing 2-0 on aggregate to Tranmere Rovers in the semi final and losing 2-1 on aggregate to Bolton Wanderers in the semi final in 1991. Kelly was voted Bury FC Player of the Year in 1992.
In 1993 he reached the division 3 (League 1) play offs losing 1-0 on aggregate to York City in the semi final. He was loaned out to West Ham United in 1994 reaching the quarter final of the FA Cup before losing 3-2 to Luton in a replay and being an unused sub in 16 Premiership games. He did play in the Bobby Moore Testimonial in a 2-1 win over a Premiership select XI at Upton Park.
In 1995, Kelly reached the division 3 (League 1) play off final after beating Preston North End 2-0 on aggregate in the semi final before losing 2-0 to Chesterfield in the final at Wembley Stadium.
Gary was voted into the PFA team of the year by his fellow professionals in 1995 after keeping 23 clean sheets that season.
Kelly achieved promotion to League 1 with Bury in 1996.
Oldham Athletic manager, Graeme Sharp, came in for Kelly's services in 1996, and he went on to make 226 league appearances over seven years for the Latics. Gary swept the boards in the clubs Player of the Year awards in 1997.
Gary joined Neil Warnock's Sheffield United in 2003 reaching the semi finals of the FA Cup before losing 1-0 to Arsenal at Old Trafford. He also reached the play offs for the Premier League eventually losing the final 3-0 to Wolves at the Millennium Stadium, Cardiff.
Kelly's career wound down with short stints at Conference National clubs Northwich Victoria & Leigh Genesis where he was Player/ Assistant Manager.
At international level Kelly played for the Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team that qualified for the 1983 UEFA European Under-18 Football Championships where despite remaining unbeaten in a group that included eventual winners France they were eliminated. Kelly also played in the 1984 UEFA European Under-18 Football Championships in Russia. Ireland, based in Leningrad, won their group stage before losing the semi final 2-1 against host country Russia in front of a 40,000 crowd in Dynamo Stadium, Moscow. Ireland lost the 3rd place play off 2-1 to Poland in front of a 60,000 crowd at the Lenin Stadium, Moscow. Kelly was voted goalkeeper of the tournament by legendary Russian goalkeeper Lev Yashin.
Ireland's exploits earned them qualification for the 1985 FIFA World Youth Championships in Russia and a first UEFA medal but Kelly was refused permission to be released by his club Newcastle United.
Gary played in the first three games of the 1986 UEFA European Under-18 Football Championship qualification campaign, as Ireland topped the group before new UEFA age restrictions ruled him out of the remaining tournament.
Gary made his Under-21 debut in a friendly in 1985 against England at Fratton Park and played in the 1988 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifiers. He also played in the Toulon Tournament in 1989 not conceding in any of his three games including saving a penalty against hosts France B in a 1-0 play off win.
Kelly played at Under 23 level for Ireland in a 3-0 win over Northern Ireland in 1989. He was also selected for Ireland at 'B' level on several occasions playing in a 4-1 win over England in 1990 at Turners Cross, Cork in front of a 10,000 crowd. This remains England's heaviest defeat at 'B' level.
Gary was selected to represent the full squad on ten occasions never once tasting defeat. He was on standby for the 1990 and 1994 World Cup Finals as Jack Charlton went with an extra outfield player instead of the regulation three goalkeepers in his 22 man squad. His last selection was for the Euro 2000 Championship Play Off 2nd leg against Turkey in Bursa which Republic of Ireland drew 0-0. 
His father, Alan Kelly, Sr. and brother, Alan Kelly, Jr., were also goalkeepers who played for the Republic of Ireland at full international level.
Gary played Masters Football for Newcastle United winning the Northern Masters in 2003 and 2007 where he was voted player of the tournament. He was also runner up in the Dubai Masters in 2006 losing 1-0 to Liverpool in the final. Kelly achieved his UEFA 'A' Coaching Licence and UEFA Goalkeeping licence in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19287103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287103" title="Coleophora flavipennella">
Coleophora flavipennella

Coleophora flavipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 11–13 mm. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Castanea sativa", "Quercus pedunculiflora", "Quercus petraea", "Quercus robur" and "Quercus rubra". Young larvae makes a tiny blotch mine and then create a leaf case from the mined leaf fragment. Later this first case is enlarged with silk. The small leaf fragment remains part of the case. The final case is light brown, trivalved, tubular silken case of about 7 mm with a mouth angle of about 45°. Full-grown larvae can be found in May.

</doc>
<doc id="19287106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287106" title="Commission for Health Improvement">
Commission for Health Improvement

The Commission for Health Improvement (CHI) was a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department of Health of the United Kingdom from 2001 until 2004, when its functions were subsumed by the Healthcare Commission.
CHI was established by the Health Act 1999. It was the first organisation ever to assess the clinical performance of National Health Service hospitals in England. Its chair was Dame Deirdre Hine, who was a former Chief Medical Officer for Wales; and its chief executive was Dr Peter Homa CBE, who went on to become chief executive of St George's Healthcare NHS Trust in November 2003.
CHI was abolished on 31 March 2004.
Functions.
CHI's aim was to improve the quality of patient care:
Its six operating principles were:

</doc>
<doc id="19287121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287121" title="Óscar Moreno">
Óscar Moreno

Óscar Moreno (Porto, November 16, 1878 - Porto, May 26, 1971), was a Portuguese urologist, doctor, scientist and chemist.
Early life.
Moreno was born in Porto, in the parish of Victoria, the son of Joseph Lawrence Russo, and Lucinda de Sousa Martins Ribeiro. His uncle (on his mother's side) was Dr. Rodrigo de Sousa Moreno, doctor of the medical school of Porto and administrator of the county of Gondomar.
Studies.
Influenced by his uncle, he started his medical studies in the School of Medicine and Surgery of Porto. On completing the course of medicine in 1908 as a student of Roberto Frias, he attended the Medical School of Paris (Necker Hospital) as a student of Marie Curie. There he specialized in urology, completing his doctorate in medicine in the year of 1911. His thesis "About Kidney Functions" received the best classification.
Career.
Moreno was monitor of the Urinary service in the Medical School of Paris (Necker Hospital) from 1908 to 1911. He was also hired to be Professor of Urology at the School of Medicine of Porto, from 1917 to 1948, the first professor to occupy that position in the School of Medicine of Porto. He founded and directed the Department of Urology in the General Hospital of Santo António (1924), originally called the Department of Urology and Venerology.
Moreno devoted his work in particular to the exploitation of functional kidneys, and contributed to the discovery of "Ambard constant," also called the "Ambard-Moreno constant," which is used to assess the state of operation of the kidney.
He died in Porto, in the parish of Victoria.
Scientific papers.
Moreno published numerous scientific papers, published in Portugal and abroad:
Bibliography.
Portuguese Bibliography
Anuário académico - Academia das ciências de Lisboa ; Academia das Ciências de Lisboa 1943, Página 230
Bueno, Francisco da Silveira, Grande dicionário etimológico-prosódico da língua portuguêsa, 1963
Carvalho, F. Pinto, Contribuiçâo para a Historia da Urologia em Portugal, Imprensa Nacional-Casa da Moeda, Lisboa 2003
Grande Enciclopédia Portuguesa Brasileira; vol 17 página 877
Macedo, Manuel Machado; História da Medicina em Portugal no século XX; CTT Correios, Lisboa 1998, página 113
Quem é alguém: Who's who in Portugal 1947, Página 41
French Bibliography
Annales de physiologie et de physicochimie biologique - Página 656 - 1936
Journal médical français - Página 444 -1919
Journal de chirurgie - Página 199, 645 por Pierre-Joseph Desault – 1936
Travaux annuels de l'Hôpital d'urologie et de chirurgie urinaire ... 1920 - Página 224
por Hôpital d'urologie et de chirurgie urinaire (Paris, France). - 1920
Journal de pharmacie et de chimie - Página 38 por Société de pharmacie de Paris - 1922
Journal de pharmacie et de chimie - Página 38 por Société de pharmacie de Paris - 1942
Revue belge des sciences medicales - Página 625 por Albert Lemaire, Société de médecine de Gand, Société scientifique de Bruxelles. Section médicale - 1936
Archives provinciales de chirurgie - Página 148, 1913
Annales de la Société scientifique de Bruxelles - Página 61 por Société scientifique de Bruxelles - 1929
Mémoires de la Société royale des sciences de Liège - Página 5, por Société royale des sciences de Liège - 1957
Journal de physiologie, por Association des physiologistes (France) - 1926, Página 633
Congrès français de médecine. v.1, 1911
Bulletin des sciences pharmacologiques - Página 549, 1911
Annales des maladies des organes génito-urinaires - Página 28, 1911
Catalogue général des livres imprimés de la Bibliothèque nationale, pela Bibliothèque nationale (France). Département des imprimés, Léopold Delisle, France Ministère de l'instruction publique, Paris (France) Ministère de l'éducation nationale - 1933
Página 520
Revue sud-américaine de médecine et de chirurgie - Página 651, 1934
Biologie médicale: revue bimestrielle des sciences biologique considerée - Página 160, 1913
Revista de medicina y cirugia practicas - Página 60, 1919
Le Rôle de l'urée en pathologie - Página 24, por Ch Achard, Charles Achard - 1912
Acta urologica Belgica - Página 738, pela Société belge d'urologie – 1946
Bibliographia Physiologica por Concilium Bibliographicum, Zürich - 1912, Página 252
Comptes rendus des séances de la Société de biologie et de ses filiales - Página 74 pela Société de biologie et de ses filiales, Société de biologie, Paris, Société de biologie (Paris, France). – 1916
Physiologie normale et pathologique des reins - Página 90 por Léon Ambard - 1931
Precis de pathologie chirurgicale. v.4, 1920-21 - Página 8
1921
English Bibliography
Chemical Abstracts, de American Chemical Society, American Chemical Society Chemical Abstracts Service - 1990
Journal of the American Medical Association, por American Medical Association - 1912, Página 230
American journal of diseases of children - Página 362 por American Medical Association - 1911
American journal of diseases of children - Página 26 por American Medical Association - 1913
Index catalogue of the library of the surgeon-general's office, United States Army - Library of the Surgeon-General's Office (U.S.)- Edição de U.S.G.P.O., 1914
Surgery, gynecology & obstetrics, por Franklin H. Martin Memorial Foundation, American College of Surgeons - 1917
Practice of Medicine - Página 277, por Frederick Tice – 1922
Functional diagnosis - Página 306, por Max Kahn - 1920
German Bibliography
Berichte ueber die gesamte physiologie und experimentelle - Página 518, 1920
Zeitschrift fuer urologische chirurgie und gynaekologische urologie - Página 158,1917
Biochemische Zeitschrift - Página 365, 1913
Index zum Diabetes mellitus: eine internationale Bibliographie - Página 717
por Joseph Schumacher - 1961
Jahresbericht über die Fortschritte auf dem Gebiete der Chirurgie - Página 850
editado por Otto Hildebrand – 1914
Biochemische Zeitschrift - Página 200, 1921
Folia urologica: Internationales Archiv für die Krankheiten der Harnorgane - Página 180
por Gustav Kulisch - 1918
Zentralblatt der experimentellen Medizin (experimentelle Pathologie und ...
1912, Página 276
Urologischer Jahresbericht - Página 56, 1913
Frommel, Richard - Jahresbericht über die Fortschritt auf dem Gebiete der Geburtshilfe und Gynäkologie, edição de J.F. Bergmann, 1928 - Página 307
Zentralblatt fur Gynaekologie - Página 453, 1915
Zentralblatt fuer chirurgie - Página 825, 1911
Zeitschrift fuer urologie - Página 875, 1914
Zeitschrift fuer experimentelle pathologie und therapie - Página 272, 1914
Jahresbericht Geburtshilfe und Gynaekologie - Página 307, 1912
Kliniske Studier over Nyrefunktionen hos Nephrectomerede - Página 32
por Erling Andreas Schroeder - 1944
Bibliographie der fremdsprachigen Zeitschriftenliteratur, 1937, Página 218
Spanish Bibliography
Revista española de Medicina y cirugia - editado por Ramón Torres Casanovas – 1919, Página 283
González, Agustín Mateo - Eclampsia puerperal - 1916, Página 84
Italian Bibliography
Archivio italiano di urologia e nefrologia, 1926 - Página 205
Policlinico: sezione chirurgica - Página 174
Clinica chirurgica - Istituto di patologica chirurgica, Rome 1928 - Página 732
Revista Stiintelor Medicale, 1928 - Página 299
Russian Bibliography
Bolʹshai︠a︡ medit︠s︡inskai︠a︡ ėnt︠s︡iklopedii︠a︡:Glav - Página 886
por Aleksandr Nikolaevich Bakulev - 1956

</doc>
<doc id="19287132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287132" title="Coleophora serratella">
Coleophora serratella

Coleophora serratella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe (except the Balkan Peninsula), Japan (Hokkaido) and North America.
The wingspan is 11–14 mm. The moth flies in June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on birches, elms, alders, hazels, apples, "Crataegus", "Sorbus", willows, "Comptonia peregrina" and "Quercus wislizenii". They create a strongly curved youth case. The adult case is a tubular leaf case. It is trivalved and about 7 mm in length. The mouth angle is about 30°. It is straw coloured. Larvae start feeding in September and continue to the end of October. They hibernate in their case, and resume feeding in April.

</doc>
<doc id="19287144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287144" title="Reginald Lewis (disambiguation)">
Reginald Lewis (disambiguation)

Reginald Lewis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19287164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287164" title="Coleophora coracipennella">
Coleophora coracipennella

Coleophora coracipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is known from Europe, where it is found from Germany to Sicily and from Great Britain to Romania. It has also been recorded from Estonia and southern Russia.
The wingspan is 8,5-11,5 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Prunus spinosa", "Prunus padus", "Prunus cerasus" and other "Prunus" species, as well as on apples and "Crataegus". The final case is a tubular leaf case of about 6–7 mm. It is light brown at first, but darker later. The rear end is trivalved and the mouth opening is around 45°. The larvae live at the underside of the leaves, and make sizable fleck mines.

</doc>
<doc id="19287170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287170" title="Középiskolai Matematikai és Fizikai Lapok">
Középiskolai Matematikai és Fizikai Lapok

Középiskolai Matematikai és Fizikai Lapok ("Mathematical and Physical Journal for Secondary Schools", KöMaL) is a Hungarian mathematics and physics journal for high school students. It was founded by Dániel Arany, a high school teacher from Győr, Hungary and has been continually published since 1894.
KöMaL has been organizing various renowned correspondence competitions for high school students, making a major contribution to Hungarian high school education. Since the early 1970s, all of the problems in the KöMaL journal have been translated into English; published solutions, however, are not typically translated. A 100-year archive of issues is provided online.
The journal has been a source of inspiration for the United States of America Mathematical Talent Search.

</doc>
<doc id="19287199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287199" title="Coleophora spinella">
Coleophora spinella

The Apple-and-Plum Casebearer ("Coleophora spinella") is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe, the Near East and North America.
The wingspan is 10–12 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Crataegus", Apple, "Prunus cerasus", "Prunus spinosa" (and perhaps other "Prunus"), "Pyrus communis" (and perhaps other "Pyrus" species), "Sorbus" and "Cotoneaster". The larvae live for two years. In the first year a composite leaf case is made in autumn that resembles a boomerang. In the second year, the larva makes a trivalved tubular leaf case of about 6 mm, with a mouth angle of about 45°.

</doc>
<doc id="19287205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287205" title="George Berkeley Ross">
George Berkeley Ross

George Berkeley Ross (January 24, 1918-September 1, 2006) was an early pioneer of information technology in the American petroleum industry who spearheaded the digitization of the exploration for petroleum.
Biography.
Early Life at Humble.
In 1936, Ross started his career working as a mail boy for Humble Oil in Midland, Texas, the epicenter of the oil boom. Ross married Virginia Louise Elkin of the well-established Midland family in 1941. Fifty years later after serving on the team that had developed the software to computerize the geological exploration for oil, Ross ended his long and successful career as a Senior Analyst for Exploration Systems in Computer Geology at Exxon.
Ross’s innate integrity, gracious manners and mathematical aptitude brought him a steady series of elevations up the corporate ladder. After short stints as a gas station attendant in Odessa and the mailroom in Midland, he was tapped for the assignment of Field Lab Assistant plotting well logs in the Geologic Lease and Scouting Department, a post that permitted him to work alongside the Scouts in West Texas.
World War Two.
World War Two intervened, and Ross served as a First Lieutenant in the artillery corps of the Ozark Division of the 102nd Infantry in the Allied invasion of Europe.
A member of the US Army Reserve since his high school days in San Antonio, Ross’s mathematical ingenuity made him a natural for field artillery. He served with distinction in the European theatre. After landing at Normandy, Ross saw action as the Ozark Division moved across the border between the Netherlands and Germany. They crossed the Wurm and Roer Rivers and occupied the sector from Homburg to Düsseldorf. In April, 1945, Ross and the Ozark Division crossed the Rhine where they encountered stiff opposition in the Wesergebirge, then pushed on to the Elbe where they halted on orders and established an outpost forty-eight miles from Berlin, occupying their position until V-E Day.
Wildcatting in Texas and New Mexico.
During the post-war period, Ross remained in the US Army Reserve. Shortly after his return to Texas, Humble’s Chief Scout, Dave Fransen, urged Ross to accept the position of Junior Scout in West Texas. In his new capacity, Ross worked with wildcats drilling in the Kelly-Snyder Field and the Sprayberry Trend Area Field, an area fifty-five miles long and twenty miles wide that now contains two thousand oil wells.
In 1953, the Rosses moved their growing family to Roswell, New Mexico, which had become a hive of wildcatting that kept Ross busy monitoring leases, expiration dates and drilling schedules.
The Korean War intervened, and Ross was recalled to active military duty. Serving as a major in Field Artillery Operations with the 1st Cavalry Division in Korea and Japan, Ross supervised supply chain management for forces engaged on the peninsula. After he completed two years of service, Ross came home to Roswell now as a Senior Scout, but soon he and his family returned to corporate headquarters in Midland where he continued to contribute to Humble’s drilling success.
The Pentagon Years & The Short Range Committee.
At the same time, Ross maintained his military commission and served annual tours at the Pentagon under a succession of Secretaries of Defence: Charles E. Wilson; Neil H. McElroy and Thomas S. Gates. With twenty years of military service behind him, Ross retired from the Army, but he remained an active veteran attending annual reunions into this century. It was at the Pentagon in the late fifties where Ross first learned about the potential of computerization and information technology and became privy to the work of the Short Range Committee that led to the origin of Common Business-Oriented Language (COBOL).
Writing Code in COBOL and FORTRAN.
The need to control and manage the torrent of information and geological data flooding into the petroleum corporations inspired Ross and a small group of perceptive industry savants to pursue the adaptation of computing technology and harness it to the geological exploration for oil. In order to contribute to the design of a viable corporate information technology strategy, Ross taught himself COBOL and the IBM Mathematical Formula Translating System (FORTRAN). Very esoteric subjects in 1962, computer programming and software development would have mystified the average person, but for Ross, a naturally gifted mathematician, they were a piece of cake. He was to become a self-taught expert in many fields. In addition to his studies of computer programming, Ross studied law, geology, economics, mathematics and government.
Computerizing Geological Exploration for Petroleum.
In the early 1960s, the major companies set up the Permian Basin Well Data System, and Ross was selected for work on three of its key committees. In addition to developing computer codes, Ross helped design formats for reporting data relevant to geological exploration. In 1966, Humble began to organize its own internal Information Systems project, and Ross was appointed a member of the first group in Midland. By this time, Ross had been named Scouting Supervisor, but with the pace of technological change his duties increasingly focused on the analysis of records that could best be done by computerization.
In 1970, Ross was promoted to his new post as a Senior Analyst in Computer Geology for the Exploration Information Systems based at the Humble corporate headquarters in Houston. In his new capacity, Ross managed the computerization of an important portion of the oil industry, geological exploration. Ross had started working in geological analysis when recordkeeping was completely manual, and he had been an integral player in the digitization of the most crucial part of the industry, exploration for new sources of petroleum.
Later life.
In 1986 on his fiftieth anniversary with Humble-Exxon, Ross was the subject of a lengthy article in Exploration Update that highlighted his pivotal contribution to the industry. He retired later that year to enter an active retirement filled with travel, cultural pursuits and charitable activities.
A lifelong enthusiast of museums, libraries, the theatre and cultural institutions, Ross launched into a whirlwind of activities to support worthy causes. The Alley Theater, the Commemorative Air Force, the Pioneers of the Permian Basin, American Indian College, Lindenwood University and Mount Holyoke College all benefited from his patronage.
Ross was keenly interested in the conservation of natural resources, especially petroleum, and he was an authority on public transportation. A great advocate of rail travel, he supported many railroad organizations in Texas and in several other states. Ross firmly believed that government could and should do much more to invest in rebuilding America’s railroads and adapting new light rail systems for urban transport.
In Europe, Ross admired the much more advanced public transportation systems. While travelling on Eurostar, a high speed train that runs through the Channel Tunnel between Paris and London, Ross experienced a vision of the future of swift, clean, efficient and ecologically sound mass transit that inspired him to carry his message to the powers that be back home in America. Many public officials benefited from Ross’s analyses of the need for a more serious approach to mass transportation in America in general and Texas in particular.
In addition to his many public and official pursuits, Ross was a highly accomplished ballroom dancer who cut a dashing figure at the Petroleum Club and Lechner’s, a favourite restaurant in Houston. Ross performed elegant versions of the Waltz and the Polka, and he did a masterful and energetic version of the Texas Two-Step.
External links.
1. "Ross," Houston Daily Chronicle, September 10, 2006.
2. "George Berkeley Ross," Infinityplus
"This article incorporates text from George Berkeley Ross / Infinityplus, released under GFDL."

</doc>
<doc id="19287220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287220" title="Louis René Quentin de Richebourg de Champcenetz">
Louis René Quentin de Richebourg de Champcenetz

Louis René Quentin de Richebourg de Champcenetz (1759, Paris - 23 July 1794, Paris) was a French journalist guillotined for his writings. He was the son of the Marquis de Champcenetz, governor of the Tuileries Palace at the time of the French Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19287223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287223" title="Coleophora badiipennella">
Coleophora badiipennella

Coleophora badiipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe, from Fennoscandia to the Mediterranean Sea and from Great Britain to southern Russia. It is also known from North America.
The wingspan is 9–11 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Ulmus procera", "Ulmus minor", "Corylus", "Prunus spinosa", "Fraxinus", "Acer". The final case is a small, laterally compressed, spatulate leaf case of 5–6 mm. The mouth angle is 0-10°.

</doc>
<doc id="19287225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287225" title="Hey Mama (Kanye West song)">
Hey Mama (Kanye West song)

"Hey Mama" is a song by American hip-hop artist Kanye West. It was released as the sixteenth song on the track-listing of his second studio album "Late Registration". The song was produced by West and composer Jon Brion and the song contains a sample of "Today Won't Come Again" by Donal Leace. Though it appeared on his 2005 album, West had composed the song long before he had found fame, as early as 2000.
Background.
The song is a ballad dedicated to West's mother, Donda West, describing his affection and appreciation for her having raised him amidst personal hardships and instilling her values in him. After his mother died due to complications from cosmetic surgery on November 10, 2007, West used the song as a tribute to his late mother, most notably during all of his concerts on his Glow in the Dark tour. On November 17, 2007 at Le Zenith in Paris, France, during his first public performance since his mother's death a week before, West broke down into tears while attempting to perform the song. On February 11, 2008, West performed the song at the 50th Grammy Awards. He ended his set at the 2011 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival by performing the song.
Chart performance.
Despite the absence of a physical single release, "Hey Mama" managed to enter charts in North America. In the United States, the song entered the "Billboard" Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles at number nine for the issue dated November 24, 2007. A few months later, on the issue dated March 1, 2008, "Hey Mama" appeared on the Hot Canadian Digital Singles chart in the sixty-fourth position.
Live performances.
An early live performance of "Hey Mama" took place in West's hometown of Chicago at the conclusion of a concert with Dilated Peoples held in the House of Blues on May 5, 2004. West included "Hey Mama" within the setlist of his "Touch the Sky Tour" that occurred in late 2005. He provided a live rendition of "Hey Mama" as a tribute to his mother within the setlist of his Glow in the Dark Tour. In the concert, West followed the performance up by dedicating a cover of Journey's "Don't Stop Believin' to her.
Personnel.
Information taken from "Late Registration" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19287241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287241" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19287245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287245" title="Coleophora alnifoliae">
Coleophora alnifoliae

Coleophora alnifoliae is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe, from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees, Sardinia, Italy and Romania and from Great Britain to the Baltic States and Poland. It is also known from North America.
The wingspan is 12–13 mm. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Alder. They create a slender, brown spathulate leaf case, in the end about 13 mm long. The mouth angle is about 15°. Larvae appear in September and feed to the end of October, making two youth cases in this period, then go into hibernation. They resume feeding in May and make their final case, in which they pupate around June. In Britain, the larvae often hibernate a second time.

</doc>
<doc id="19287252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287252" title="Ru Ba Ru">
Ru Ba Ru

Ru Ba Ru is a 2008 Indian drama film directed by the debutant director Arjun Bali. Filmed in Hindi, the film revolves around the relationship between a live-in couple caught amidst their busy professional careers. The film stars actors Randeep Hooda and a relative newcomer Shahana Goswami in the leading role. Rati Agnihotri, Kulbhushan Kharbanda and Jayant Kriplani play the supporting roles. This movie is an adaptation of Junger's film "If Only" (2004).
Plot.
Tara (Shahana Goswami), an aspiring actress and singer, and Nikhil (Randeep Hooda)play, a young professional in an advertising firm have been in a relationship since a few years. Kulbhushan Kharbanda is a taxi driver.
Tara wants to cement their relationship by having him meet her parents as a commitment to a marriage. But Nikhil, who is workaholic and professionally ambitious, is always pre-occupied with his work. Saying that he is happy with the way things are between the two of them, he stashes away her proposal for marriage.
Trouble brews between them when Nikhil constantly forgets little things about her and their relationship. He begins to take Tara, her family and friends for granted. When Tara cannot take this behavior of Nikhil anymore, she decides to take matters in her own hand. That's when a strange magical, mystical force intervenes, and what happens next forms the rest of the story.
Tara is hit by a taxi, and dies in the hospital. Nikhil is left helpless and sobbing.
however, next morning he finds Tara lying on the bed besides him alive! This makes him realise that he's been given a second chance to patch up and rectify his mistakes...all is well, until at the end another tragedy occurs...
Production.
Debutant director Arjun Bali previously worked on advertisements before venturing into commercial cinema. Randeep Hooda, who had previously worked in action films such as "D" (2005) and "Risk" (2007), thought of experimenting with a romantic film hoping that it might bring him the much elusive success in the Bollywood film industry. When Bali approached Hooda with the film's story, the latter instantly liked the title. The film was titled "Ru Ba Ru", which transliterates into soul to soul, with actress-model Mandira Bedi's suggestion. For the film, Hooda shaved his moustache away as he "wanted to look soft and romantic." While saying that his character in the film was quite similar to his real life persona, Hooda thought it was great working with relative newcomer Shahana Goswami. Goswami previously featured in "Yun Hota Toh Kya Hota" (2006), "Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd." (2007) and "Rock On!!" (2008), the former two being cameo appearances. She was signed on for this film before her graduation. Ironically, the characters she portrays in "Rock On!!" and this film were strikingly similar. Due to this, she was worried that this might typecast her in her future films.
Multiple Music-Directors: Satyadev Barman with Ranjit Barot, Strings with Shuja Haider (Speed of Sound) and Sameer Uddin composed the music of the film, while the soundtrack lyrics is written Shuja Haider, Soumik Sen, Chester Misquitta, Aditya Narayan, Arjun Chandramohan Bali and Akshay Verma. Shuja Haider, Ranjit Barot, Sunidhi Chauhan, Kunal Ganjawala, Vijay Prakash, Suzanne D'Mello and Shreya Ghosal featured as singers in the soundtrack.
Release and reception.
The film, which released on 12 September 2008, earned average reviews by the critics. sify.com "and indiafm.com "[http://www.bollywoodhungama.com/movies/review/12998/index.html"said Debutante director Arjun Bali's choice of the subject may be debatable, but you can't shut your eyes to the fact that he has handled the subject with dexterity."Rediff.com" appreciated the performance of the lead actors, Randeep Hooda and Shahana Goswami and added that the adaptation of Hollywood film "If Only" (2004) could have been better. Movie reviewers from "The Economic Times", "Sify.com" and "NDTV" corroborated the fact that the film was an Indian adaptation of the Hollywood film. When asked in an interview about this, Hooda evaded a direct answer. Instead he became defensive and said that every film is inspired in some way or other, and that there have been films around before-and-after aspect of life.

</doc>
<doc id="19287258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287258" title="Initial Training Group">
Initial Training Group

The headquarters of the Initial Training Group based in Upavon, Wiltshire is responsible for the content and delivery of all Phase 1 Training with the exception of the Infantry training provided at Catterick.
The Headquarters commands the four Army Training Regiments as well as the Army Foundation College in Harrogate as part of the Army Recruiting and Training Division who are responsible for all recruiting and training prior to becoming a fully qualified soldier or officer.
The headquarters is Commanded by Brigadier Richard Smith OBE late Rifles, supported by a number of military staff
Vision.
ITG states its vision as:
"ITG as an agile organisation responsive to change, sure of its purpose, secure in identity and confident in ethos.
"Delivering progressive rewarding and challenging training that is safe and faired upon the laying of foundations of military character through values-based leadership by committed Permanent Staff with High Morale borne of the investment we placed in them.
Doing the right thing on a difficult day
Units.
ITG is responsible for the Army Training Regiments (ATRs)
The ATRs provide Phase 1 Training for the majority of the regiments and corp in the British Army.
Training.
The Common Military Syllabus (Recruits) - CMS(R)
The Initial Training Group takes civilian recruits and turns them into partly trained soldiers. CMS(R) is the basic training common to all soldiers.
This tried and tested syllabus lasts 14 weeks and is said to produce fit, motivated individuals capable of carrying out local protection tasks in any operational environment. Those who pass are fully prepared to embark on the next phase of their Army training.
See also.
Army Foundation College Harrogate

</doc>
<doc id="19287268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287268" title="Marquis de Champcenetz">
Marquis de Champcenetz

Louis René Quentin de Richebourg, marquis de Champcenetz was governor of the Tuileries Palace at the time of the French Revolution. He was the father of his namesake, the journalist Louis René Quentin de Richebourg de Champcenetz. He was the personal enemy of Louis Philippe, who nevertheless enabled him to escape the guillotine on the request of Grace Elliott.

</doc>
<doc id="19287274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287274" title="Coleophora limosipennella">
Coleophora limosipennella

Coleophora limosipennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Europe, from Fennoscandia to the Pyrenees, Italy and the Balkan Peninsula and from Great Britain to the Baltic States and Romania. It is an introduced species in North America.
The moth flies from June to July depending on the location. Its wingspan is .
"Coleophora limosipennella" larvae feed on "Ulmus", and supposedly also on "Alnus" and "Betula". Young larvae make a short, relatively wide corridor that quickly widens into an elliptic blotch. Much of the frass is ejected through the hole that the larva has made to bore itself into the leaf. The blotch is excised to make the juvenile case. Full-grown larvae live in a brown spatulate leaf case of . The mouth angle is 0°-20°. Full-grown larvae can be found from June to July.

</doc>
<doc id="19287276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287276" title="Triple system">
Triple system

In algebra, a triple system is a vector space "V" over a field F together with a F-trilinear map
The most important examples are Lie triple systems and Jordan triple systems. They were introduced by Nathan Jacobson in 1949 to study subspaces of associative algebras closed under triple commutators [["u", "v"], "w"] and triple anticommutators {"u", {"v", "w"}}. In particular, any Lie algebra defines a Lie triple system and any Jordan algebra defines a Jordan triple system. They are important in the theories of symmetric spaces, particularly Hermitian symmetric spaces and their generalizations (symmetric R-spaces and their noncompact duals).
Lie triple systems.
A triple system is said to be a Lie triple system if the trilinear form, denoted [...], satisfies the following identities:
The first two identities abstract the skew symmetry and Jacobi identity for the triple commutator, while the third identity means that the linear map L"u","v":"V"→"V", defined by L"u","v"("w") = ["u", "v", "w"], is a derivation of the triple product. The identity also shows that the space k = span {L"u","v": "u", "v" ∈ "V"} is closed under commutator bracket, hence a Lie algebra.
Writing m in place of "V", it follows that
can be made into a Lie algebra with bracket
The decomposition of g is clearly a symmetric decomposition for this Lie bracket, and hence if "G" is a connected Lie group with Lie algebra g and "K" is a subgroup with Lie algebra k, then "G"/"K" is a symmetric space.
Conversely, given a Lie algebra g with such a symmetric decomposition (i.e., it is the Lie algebra of a symmetric space), the triple bracket [["u", "v"], "w"] makes m into a Lie triple system.
Jordan triple systems.
A triple system is said to be a Jordan triple system if the trilinear form, denoted {...}, satisfies the following identities:
The first identity abstracts the symmetry of the triple anticommutator, while the second identity means that if L"u","v":"V"→"V" is defined by L"u","v"("y") = {"u", "v", "y"} then
so that the space of linear maps span {L"u","v":"u","v" ∈ "V"} is closed under commutator bracket, and hence is a Lie algebra g0.
Any Jordan triple system is a Lie triple system with respect to the product
A Jordan triple system is said to be positive definite (resp. nondegenerate) if the bilinear form on "V" defined by the trace of L"u","v" is positive definite (resp. nondegenerate). In either case, there is an identification of "V" with its dual space, and a corresponding involution on g0. They induce an involution of
which in the positive definite case is a Cartan involution. The corresponding symmetric space is a symmetric R-space. It has a noncompact dual given by replacing the Cartan involution by its composite with the involution equal to +1 on g0 and −1 on "V" and "V"*. A special case of this construction arises when g0 preserves a complex structure on "V". In this case we obtain dual Hermitian symmetric spaces of compact and noncompact type (the latter being bounded symmetric domains).
Jordan pair.
A Jordan pair is a generalization of a Jordan triple system involving two vector spaces "V"+ and "V"−. The trilinear form is then replaced by a pair of trilinear forms
which are often viewed as quadratic maps "V"+ → Hom("V"−, "V"+) and "V"− → Hom("V"+, "V"−). The other Jordan axiom (apart from symmetry) is likewise replaced by two axioms, one being
and the other being the analogue with + and − subscripts exchanged.
As in the case of Jordan triple systems, one can define, for "u" in "V"− and "v" in "V"+, a linear map
and similarly L−. The Jordan axioms (apart from symmetry) may then be written
which imply that the images of L+ and L− are closed under commutator brackets in End("V"+) and End("V"−). Together they determine a linear map
whose image is a Lie subalgebra formula_18, and the Jordan identities become Jacobi identities for a graded Lie bracket on
so that conversely, if
is a graded Lie algebra, then the pair formula_21 is a Jordan pair, with brackets
Jordan triple systems are Jordan pairs with "V"+ = "V"− and equal trilinear forms. Another important case occurs when "V"+ and "V"− are dual to one another, with dual trilinear forms determined by an element of
These arise in particular when formula_24 above is semisimple, when the Killing form provides a duality between formula_25 and formula_26.

</doc>
<doc id="19287289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287289" title="Because They Can">
Because They Can

Because They Can is the second album from American rock group Nelson, released by Geffen Records in 1995. 
The album is notable for its shaky production history, which came as a result of creative differences between brothers Matthew and Gunnar Nelson, and the executives at Geffen led by John Kalodner. After the success of their debut album, "After the Rain", the band recorded a heavier and darker follow-up called "Imaginator". When Kalodner and the executives at Geffen weren't pleased with it, they told Nelson they had to return to the studio to record another lighter album. After more than another year writing and recording, Nelson came up with "Because They Can". The band broke up with Geffen shortly after the release of the album.
Background and recording.
After the success of their first album, "After the Rain", and years of touring, Nelson returned to the studio to record their second album. They came up with a darker and harder, concept album titled "Imaginator". However, when they presented the album to producer John Kalodner and the executives at Geffen Records, they weren't pleased. They then gave the band the choice to either record another album, more according to what they were expecting, or they would be released from their contract. The band decided to return to the studio and began working on a more acoustic-oriented album which was, according to Gunnar, "180 degrees in the opposite direction of "Imaginator"".
"Because They Can" was recorded at various studios like Sound City, Studio F, Nichols Canyon Studios, Caravell Studios, Granny's House, Capitol Studios, Cactus Studios, and Quarkbrain Studio. It featured original band members Brett Garsed, Paul Mirkovich, Joey Cathcart, and Bobby Rock on most of the songs, although it also featured guest musicians like Mike Baird, Don Felder, Steve Porcaro, and others. The album was mixed at Conway Studios.
Reception.
"Because They Can" was released in 1995, five years after the release of Nelson's first album. According to Gunnar Nelson, Geffen wasn't "going to put any money into promoting it". The album went mostly unnoticed and didn't appeared on "Billboard". On another interview, Gunnar said about the album "I’m really proud of , but our fanbase had gone away. Everybody had changed their musical tastes, and it was really kind of a drag".
Gunnar has also noted that "People" gave them the "best bad review in the history of rock 'n' roll" for "Because They Can" writing only "Maybe they shouldn’t". He has argued that a lot of the negative reviews they had were just based on their legacy and not in the actual music.

</doc>
<doc id="19287293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287293" title="Coleophora lusciniaepennella">
Coleophora lusciniaepennella

Coleophora lusciniaepennella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in most of Europe, except the Iberian Peninsula, the Mediterranean Islands and most of the Balkan Peninsula and Russia. It occurs in forest-steppe biotopes.
The wingspan is 10-13,5 mm. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Myrica gale", "Populus tremula", "Salix alba", "Salix aurita", "Salix babylonica", "Salix caprea", "Salix cinerea", "Salix dasyclados", "Salix fragilis", "Salix glabra", "Salix pentandra", "Salix repens", "Salix triandra" and "Salix viminalis". They create a bivalved composite leaf case of 8–10 mm. It is rather strongly compressed and keeled and has a mouth angle of 30-45°. Full-grown larvae can be found at the end of May.

</doc>
<doc id="19287297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287297" title="Morochuco">
Morochuco

The Morochucos are the cowboys of the plains of the Peruvian Andes, living mainly in the Region of Ayacucho. They raise cattle and tame horses for their livelihood, and they engage in other typical activities of a cattle-horseman cowboy. They are comparable to other cowboys of Latin America such as the qorilazo, the cowboys from Cusco, also in Peru, the Chilean huaso, the Argentine/Bolivian/Uruguayan gaucho, the Brazilian vaqueiro, the Colombian/Venezuelan llanero, and the Mexican charro.
Morochucos are known for their bravery and strength. They are descendants of the Almagristas who fought in the Battle of Chupas, and more recently, participated in the war between Peru and Chile.
Their clothing is adapted to the cold of the Andes. They wear flat-brimmed hats similar to those of the Argentine gauchos, below which they wear a chullo with the lappets tied to the face and an alpaca scarf. On the torso, they wear a black or gray vest beneath a poncho. They fit a strip or sash around their waist and wear knee high black boots with Peruvian or common spurs. They use their horses to move the cattle, surround the cattle, or tame other horses. They enjoy horse races and rodeos in their fiestas as well as bullfights. They also participate in the festivities in Ayacucho, especially during the Holy Saturday during the Holy week of Easter. They rope-pull the bulls in the streets of Huamanga, Ayacucho in a celebration called "Jala-toro" (bull-pulling) in which the bulls are released in the heavily crowded streets. While the people play with the bulls, the morochucos pull on the ropes holding the bulls before the people are hurt or charged.

</doc>
<doc id="19287311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287311" title="Three Voices for Joan La Barbara">
Three Voices for Joan La Barbara

Three Voices for Joan La Barbara is a 1989 album of music composed by Morton Feldman and performed by Joan La Barbara.

</doc>
<doc id="19287326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287326" title="Susanna Majuri">
Susanna Majuri

Susanna Majuri (b. 1978 Helsinki) is a Finnish fine art photographer. She graduated from the Turku Art Academy in 2004 and has an M.A. in photography from the University of Art and Design in Helsinki.
In her photographs, Majuri captures short narrative scenes as though they were film stills of a story yet to be told. Her main characters, young women mostly, their faces hidden, give a distinct impression of being lost.
Majuri has had exhibitions in New York, Tokyo, and various places in Europe. She has won the photography prize Gras Savoye Award in Arles, France 2005 and is part of the photographic movement Helsinki School.
Majuri lives and works in Helsinki, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19287336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287336" title="Yaren">
Yaren

Yaren may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19287382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287382" title="Louise Contat">
Louise Contat

Louise-Françoise Contat (16 June 1760 – 9 March 1813) was a French actress.
Career.
She was born in Paris and made her debut at the Comédie Française in 1766 as Atalide in "Bajazet". It was in comedy, however, that she made her first success, as Suzanne in Beaumarchais's "Mariage de Figaro"; and in several minor character parts, which she raised to the first importance, and as the "soubrette" in the plays of Molière and Pierre de Marivaux, she found opportunities exactly fitted to her talents.
By Louis Marie Jacques Amalric, comte de Narbonne-Lara (17, 23 or 24 August 1755 - 17 November 1813), soldier and diplomat, she had one daughter Louise Amalrique Bathilde Isidore Contat de Narbonne-Lara, born at Saint Pierre de Chaillot, Paris, on 21 September 1788, who married in Paris on 2 December 1811 Dutch Jan Frederik Abbema, born in Amsterdam on 13 June 1773, and had one son Émile, vicomte d' Abbéma, who had an only daughter by his wife Henriette Anne d' Astoin named Louise Abbéma (Étampes, 30 October 1853 - Paris, 4 August 1927).
Bouillet writes of her "She played comedy to perfection and made people remark on the flexibility of her talent, succeeding equally as grandes coquettes and as soubrettes". She was part of the success of the plays of Marivaux and Beaumarchais. She left the theatre in 1808, and in 1809 married de Parny, nephew of the poet Évariste de Parny.
Her sister Marie Émilie Contat (1769-1846), an admirable "soubrette", especially as the pert servant drawn by Molière and de Regnard, made her debut in 1784, and retired, in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="19287391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287391" title="EPTV">
EPTV

EPTV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19287396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287396" title="Mondialogo">
Mondialogo

Mondialogo is an initiative launched by Daimler AG and UNESCO that seeks to promote intercultural dialogue and exchange among young people.
The global initiative is based on three pillars: the Mondialogo School Contest, the Mondialogo Engineering Award and the Mondialogo Internet Portal, which serves as a platform for dialogue and communication.
The initiative.
Mondialogo was initiated by Daimler AG and UNESCO in October 2003. The global initiative aims to bring together young people with different cultural backgrounds from all over the world to promote mutual understanding and inspire in them a long-term enthusiasm for intercultural exchange. Mondialogo is primarily addressing pupils, students and teachers worldwide. The writers Henning Mankell and Paulo Coelho are ambassadors for Mondialogo.
Pillars of the Initiative.
Mondialogo School Contest.
The Mondialogo School Contest is the world’s largest international contest for pupils between the ages of 14 and 18. All registered school teams are given a partner team previously unknown to them from a different region of the world. The teams establish contact, get to know each other and then develop a mutual project that should deal with topics such as peace, fair play, preventing discrimination, a sustainable future, identity, respectfulness toward cultural diversity or emigration/immigration.
At the end of a 6-month work phase the results of the teams are judged by an international jury. The top 25 entries are chosen and the teams get invited to a symposium lasting several days. This is an opportunity for pupils and teachers from all over the world to meet and get to know each other in person.
Two rounds of the Mondialogo School Contest have already been completed: 25,000 pupils from 126 countries took part in the 2003/2004 contest. The awards were given out in 2004 in Barcelona. The second contest saw the participation of 35,000 pupils (in 2,600 teams) from 138 countries. The symposium took place in Rome in 2006. The third round is finished and the symposium took place in Beijing in 2008.
Mondialogo Engineering Award.
The Mondialogo Engineering Award calls for engineering students from developed and developing countries to form international project team and enter project proposals addressing the United Nations Millennium Development Goals – proposals that are capable of advancing the quality of life in the developing countries.
The first two rounds had 3,600 young engineers from 113 countries in 1,500 project teams participating in the Mondialogo Engineering Award. After a six-month project work phase the teams entered project proposals that are judged by an international jury of experts. The top 30 entrees are awarded prizes given out during a symposium lasting several days. The symposia took place in Berlin and Mumbai, respectively. The awards are endowed with a prize money of altogether €300,000, intended to help get the project proposals realised.
Mondialogo Internet Portal.
The Mondialogo Internet Portal is the initiative's communications and information platform. In five languages, it offers a global online-community of over 26,000 members from 174 countries many features that allow them to communicate, interact, and network.
Teams participating in the Mondialogo School Contest and the Mondialogo Engineering Award here have virtual project offices that allow them to jointly work on their projects.
Details about the contests, news surrounding intercultural dialogue, and the Mondialogo Magazine are also provided on the portal, as well as all the latest about current developments and former projects, which can be found in the Inside Mondialogo Blog, written by members of the team and former participants.
Awards.
Since being founded in 2003, Mondialogo has been awarded several prizes for furthering intercultural dialogue. Among those are:

</doc>
<doc id="19287403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287403" title="Standards (Jarrett album)">
Standards (Jarrett album)

Standards is a two-volume set of jazz albums released by the Keith Jarrett trio in 1983. Originally released by ECM, they have been multiply re-issued, including by Universal/Polygram. The two volumes present performances of pianist Keith Jarrett with Gary Peacock on bass and Jack DeJohnette on drums. "Vol. 1" reached #14 on the Billboard Jazz Albums charts. In 2008 the two albums, along with 1983's "Changes", were collected into a boxed set, "".
Background.
The trio originally worked together on a 1977 album headline by Peacock, "Tales of Another", coming back together in 1983 when producer Manfred Eicher proposed a trio album to Jarrett. Jarrett approached Peacock and DeJohnette with the idea of performing standards, which was greatly contrary to the contemporary jazz scene of the early 1980s. In a 2008 interview with the "San Francisco Chronicle", Jarrett recalled his reasons for wanting to record standards. "This material was so damn good," he said, "and why was everyone ignoring it and playing clever stuff that sounds all the same?" He told Salon in 2000 that "valuable player doesn't have to play anything new to have value, because it's not about the material, it's about the playing."
The three joined in a studio in Manhattan, New York for a 1 day session during which they recorded enough material for three albums, the two "Standards" volumes and "Changes". For that session, as in subsequent, the trio did not rehearse or pre-plan their playlist.
DeJohnette, also speaking to the "San Francisco Chronicle", recalled that the trio had agreed to "do this until we don't feel like doing this anymore". In 2008, the trio celebrated its 25th anniversary, becoming during that time "the preeminent jazz group interpreting standards".
Reception.
The first of the pair, "Standards, Vol. 1" reached #14 on the Billboard Jazz Albums charts. In its review, "Rolling Stone" describes the album as "merely...competent", criticizing Jarrett's "deficiencies as a jazz improviser". The second in the series, "Standards, Vol. 2", did not chart, but according to jazz commentator Scott Yanow "gets the edge over the first due to its slightly more challenging material". Yanow characterizes Jarrett's performance in this set as "surprisingly playful".
Jazz musician and writer Ian Carr noted in his biography of Jarrett that with these volumes the trio had found "fresh ways of approaching the classic jazz repertoire". In its review of the box set, Pop Matters noted that the material "sounded dazzling in the mid-1980s", adding that "of Jarrett, like myself, will always hear these records as having a fresh immediacy".

</doc>
<doc id="19287405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287405" title="Nebil Caidi">
Nebil Caidi

Nebil Caidi (born 25 September 1988 in Ravenna) is a football defender who currently plays for Teramo in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.

</doc>
<doc id="19287407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287407" title="Aylin Yaren">
Aylin Yaren

Aylin Yaren (born 30 August 1989 in Berlin, Germany) is a Turkish-German female soccer player, who currently plays for Cloppenburg in Germany's top level Frauen-Bundesliga.
Early life.
Yaren was born in Berlin, and grew up in Wedding and Reinickendorf. Her first football club was BFC Meteor 06. At school, she completed the Realschulabschluss.
Playing career.
Club.
Aylin has played in the Damallsvenskan for LdB FC and for TeBe Berlin. She transferred from FC Lübars to Hamburger SV at the beginning of 2012, and scored the opening goal in her debut against 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam.
Yaren was one of two players, the other being Julia Simic, who gave freestyle football performances in the roadshow for the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup. In 2011, she gave between 50 and 60 performances.
International.
Yaren made her debut for the Turkey women's national football team in a friendly match against Macedonia on 22 January 2006. She played in the German and Turkish youth national teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19287428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287428" title="Young Harmony">
Young Harmony

Young Harmony
Musical career.
During the week Johnathan and Ginger work in the office of Young Harmony preparing for the next weekend of ministering. They also make the most of their off-road time, spending it with their three children, Josh, Markale and Ashley. Ginger says this is sometimes a challenge as all three children are in college, but well worth it!
Johnathan and Ginger have been serving GOD in full-time ministry since 1995. Prior to that time, Ginger was singing, along with directing the Praise Team, at her local church. Johnathan was singing with two of his cousins known as, The McClure Trio. As concert dates began to increase, they then formed the Husband / Wife team and became known as, Young Harmony.
Although husband and wife are both accomplished musicians on several instruments, they sing with soundtracks in concert to achieve a more consistent sound. As for their favorite artists, they claim The Freemans and all the individual members of The Freemans as influences as well. Darrell Freeman is their producer. In an interesting side note, Johnathan wrote a song that was recorded by Mariah Carey and Boys To Men on their duet album. Young Harmony will minister anywhere they are invited, paid or unpaid. And, they will travel any distance to sing.
Young Harmony travels ministering in word and song everywhere from revivals to concerts. Anywhere the Lord leads, they view as an opportunity to lift up His name. Location, people, denomination, size of congregation, finances, etc., are no limits to Young Harmony when it comes to spreading the gospel. They fill approximately 200 concert dates per year and gives thanks to GOD for their calling in building the Kingdom.
Through serving and trusting in HIM, one of the most important lessons they have learned is that GOD is bigger than anything! They believe that people need to be reminded of the LOVE and POWER of JESUS. As a team, Young Harmony wants to, not only reach out to the lost and dying, but also to the church. Lead the lost to JESUS and help the church be who CHRIST intended. Together, they have one goal in mind - To build the KINGDOM of GOD. This is not a job to Johnathan and Ginger, it is a ministry. "We are called by the Master to lift up His name in singing, so we do just that everywhere we go. Remember the verse, 'the steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord.' (KJV-Psalms 37:23)", says Johnathan.
When asked about their greatest blessings in the ministry, Johnathan said, "We have the opportunity to reach out to hungry, lost and dying people from all different backgrounds of life. To know that we have made a difference, through Christ, in someone's life is worth all of our time and efforts."
One of Young Harmony's most exciting adventures happened when they were invited to sing at a funeral of a lady from Lexington, KY, whom they didn't even know. They sang one song, "Consolation On Your Knees", which is part of Johnathan's testimony. During the song, 72 people came to the altar and gave their hearts to GOD! According to Bond, "we've seen GOD use this song in many ways and know that He will continue using it to change lives". Check out the “Testimonies” CD for more exciting stories such as this one.
God has opened up many doors for Young Harmony. In 2008, they were inducted into the North America Country Music Hall of Fame. In 2007, their album, Strength was nominated as Southern Gospel Album of the Year. GOD Still GOD was nominated as Southern Gospel Song of the Year and also nominated as overall Song of the Year. In 2006, Young Harmony's song, Good Morning Lord was nominated as The Dove Awards Song of the Year. The project Faith, Hope and Joy was nominated in the Dove Awards as Album of the year in 2005. In November 2004 at the Ryman Auditorium on national television, Young Harmony was named 2004 Duet of the Year. These are just to name a few of the awards. Many recognize their charting songs such as, "I Need Your Grace", "What If He Didn't", "God's Still God", "Good Morning Lord", "God Has Not Forgotten You", "Can The World See Jesus In You" and "All He's Done For Me". Their latest radio release, "When JESUS Prays" (also written by Johnathan) has gained them even more notoriety. Johnathan stated, "Together our goal is to all GOD to use us to change lives, even one heart at a time!"
Personal life.
Johnathan Bond's Testimony.
Written by Paula J. - Chattanooga Times Freepress
On September 24, 1991, while driving on rain slick roads, an 18-wheeler pulled into his lane on a four lane road and forced him into oncoming traffic. His car was hit by two different vehicles with a force so great that it ripped his seat belt in half. "The next thing I remember was lying on a wet road and people were standing over me trying to find a pulse." After a few minutes of CPR, the paramedics said, "We can't do anything for him, he's dead." At that moment Johnathan heard a voice speak to him that said repeatedly, "Ask and you shall receiv." Remembering the teachings of the Word, Johnathan pleaded, "Lord, if You will save me and let me live, I'll live for You." When his mother arrived at the emergency room and asked about her son, the doctor put his arm around her and assured her that the ER team had done all they could, but they had lost him. Johnathan's mother heard the same voice speak to her the same words, "Ask and you shall receive". She then asked the doctor, who was a Christian, to pray with her for her son. Although he was simply being nice, as they prayed, a nurse ran up to the doctor and exclaimed, "That man is not dead!" Johnathan had begun to strangle while the nurse was preparing his body for identification. PRAISE GOD! Johnathan was then placed in the Intensive Care Unit. After further examination, the doctor told Mrs. Bond, "Although God has answered our prayers and brought back your son, he would probably be better off dead". Johnathan's injuries were extensive and massive. He had a brain aneurysm from a fractured skull. His head was swollen past his shoulders. His right eye was loosed from the socket ad was being held with two out of 50 ligaments. His face was cut. Two ribs, his right arm and shoulder had been broken. His back was broken in nine places and he was paralyzed from right above his waist down. The most critical was oxygen had been cut off to his brain for approximately 18 ½ minutes. The doctor said, "Mrs. Bond, there is no way." Three days after the accident while in Intensive Care, Johnathan's heart stopped and the doctors rushed in to try to revive him. Without success, the doctor informed his mom once again that they had lost him. She said, "Do you remember the first day I came in here? Will you pray with me again?" The doctor, Johnathan's mom and a non-Christian nurse began to pray. As they prayed, GOD brought Johnathan back once again. Four days after his wreck, Johnathan walked out of the hospital completely healed from head to toe. No surgeries by man, just the GREAT PHYSICIAN, JESUS! GOD IS SO AWESOME!
Ginger Bond's Testimony.
It started in the spring of 1997. I began having some female
problems. As a wife, a mother and being on the road in
music ministry, I simply had too much going on to think
about these problems. I just kept pushing them to the back of
my mind. The problems continued to get worse until I was at
the point where I finally knew that I need to be checked so I
said to Johnathan, “something is wrong, I need to go to the
doctor”. I made an appointment and went to the Women’s
Center in East Ridge, TN. After talking to the doctor he began
to run some tests. Just a short while later, the doctor called
us back in and sat both Johnathan and me down. Neither of
us had any idea of what he was about to tell us. His words,
although very unexpected, would be something that I would
never forget. He said “Mrs. Bond, you have Ovarian Cancer,
we are going to have to do a complete hysterectomy.” He
shared with both of us about what all that meant. One thing
that he said is that right before the surgery they do what is
called an ultrasound. The ultrasound would show them the
exact size of the tumor before the start the surgery. The doctor
left the room to get everything set up, leaving Johnathan and
me there to cope with the bad news. Johnathan asked if I was
ok. I turned to HIM and simply said, “I don’t understand.
We travel and do what GOD has called us to, we tell people
every day that GOD is bigger than their problems and now I
am the one with cancer. I don’t understand!” Johnathan said
“GOD is still bigger than our problems and all we need to
do is pray and give it to GOD. While we were praying, GOD
spoke the scripture to Johnathan, “If we have the faith as a
grain of mustard seed, we can speak to the mountains we are
facing and they have no choice but to crumble.” That is just
what we did. We spoke to the mountain
of Cancer! The doctor’s office sent me to the hospital for the ultrasound,
which, again, would pinpoint the exact location and
size of the tumor before they started the operation. As they
began to do the ultrasound, Johnathan waited outside in the
waiting area. He said that he noticed the doctor leave and then
return with another doctor. The doctors redid the ultrasound,
making sure that it was correct. Here was my news after the
ultrasound, “Mrs. Bond, we don’t understand exactly what
has happened, but here is the x-ray showing the tumor. It
is definitely there. ut while we were performing the ultrasound,
the tumor simply burst and disintegrated right before
our eyes. We can’t find a trace of any of the Cancer cells.”
I said, “I do understand. Let me tell you what happened...”
It has been over ten years now since GOD healed me of ovarian cancer. No surgery, no radiation, no chemotherapy, just a mustard seed of faith and JESUS!
Awards and nominations.
2007, Album of the Year “Strength” - Nominated (Dove Awards)
2007, SG Recorded Song of the Year “God’s Still God” – Nominated (Dove Awards)
2007, Song of the Year “Johnanthan Bond” – Nominated (Dove Awards)
2006, SG Recorded Song of the Year “Good Morning Lord” – Nominated (Dove Awards)
2008, SG Artist of the Year – Nominated (KCCM)
2007, SG Artist of the Year – Win (KCCM)
2005, SG Artist of the Year – Win (KCCM)
2004, Vocal Duo of The Year – Won (CCMA)
2003, Vocal Duo of The Year – Nominated (CCMA)
2002, Vocal Duo of The Year – Nominated (CCMA)
2007, Horizon Group - Nominated (SNFA)
2007, Horizon Group - Nominated (SNFA)
2007, Horizon Group - Nominated (SNFA)
2007, Duet of the Year – Nominated (Diamond Awards)
2007, Bluegrass Gospel Artist of the Year – Nominated (Diamond Awards)

</doc>
<doc id="19287430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287430" title="Greyhawk (supplement)">
Greyhawk (supplement)

Greyhawk is a supplementary rulebook written by Gary Gygax and Robert J. Kuntz for the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. Its product designation is TSR 2003.
Contents.
The "Greyhawk" supplement introduced new combat rules, character classes (thief, paladin), spells, monsters, and treasures.
The sixty eight-page supplement focuses on game rules that were used in Gygax's "Greyhawk" campaign. The supplement removes the game's dependency on the "Chainmail" rules by providing its own set of combat rules. This made it much easier for new, non-wargaming players to grasp the concepts of play.
The "Greyhawk" supplement was not intended as a reference for the eponymous setting; however, it introduced the thief and paladin classes, and new rules on weapon damage varying by weapon. The supplement added new treasure and magic items, and new spells, including 7th, 8th, and 9th level spells. The supplement also included a section on , introducing the lizard men, beholders, displacer beasts, blink dogs, carrion crawlers, and many others.
Publication history.
The "Greyhawk" digest (designated "Supplement I") was published by TSR, Inc. in 1975, as an expansion to the original "Dungeons & Dragons" boxed set rules, with the "Blackmoor supplement" following later the same year. Many of the new rules presented in the supplement eventually became standard parts of the "AD&D" game.
Illustrations for the supplement were provided by Greg Bell.
The "Greyhawk" supplement will be reproduced as a premium reprint on November 19, 2013, as part of a deluxe, premium reprint of the original "White Box" which features new packaging in an oaken box. Each booklet will feature new cover art but will otherwise be a faithful reproduction of the original, including original interior art.
Reception.
Lawrence Schick, in his 1991 book "Heroic Worlds", calls this book "The first and most important supplement to "Original D&D"".

</doc>
<doc id="19287438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287438" title="Substance Abuse &amp; Disability Services Report">
Substance Abuse &amp; Disability Services Report

Substance Abuse & Disability Services Report is a news service (or newsletter) produced in Silver Spring, Maryland by CD Publications.
"SDR" reports on public and private sources of funding for substance abuse treatment/prevention and disability programs. It also covers activities of the United States and federal or state agencies.
This publication, formerly published by CD Publications, has been discontinued, and is no longer published.

</doc>
<doc id="19287474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287474" title="Vordingborg">
Vordingborg

Vordingborg is an old ferry town in Vordingborg Municipality in Denmark. It has an inner urban area population of 11,686 (1 January 2013), and a total population of approx 17,500 including the satellite towns Ørslev, Nyråd and Stensved. These satellite towns have evolved during the last decades, due to three large estates surrounding Vordingborg and therefore prevented a collective development of the town.
Vordingborg Municipality (Kommune) has a population of 46.000. 
Long term head coach of the Danish national football team, Morten Olsen, was born in Vordingsborg.
History.
On January 1, 2007 the old Vordingborg municipality was, as the result of "Kommunalreformen" ("The Municipal Reform" of 2007), merged with Langebæk, Møn, and Præstø municipalities to form an enlarged Vordingborg municipality.
Geography.
Vordingborg is situated 37 km from Nykøbing Falster, circa 50 from Gedser, and circa 100 from Copenhagen and Odense. The town is situated on the island of Zealand and is linked to the island of Falster with Farø Bridges and Storstrøm Bridge.
Attractions.
The ruins of Vordingborg Castle, the old royal castle which was built around 1364, is the town's most famous attraction. The only fully remaining part of the castle, the 26 meter tall Goose Tower ("Gåsetårnet"), is the symbol of the city. It is the largest of King Valdemar Atterdag's nine main castle towers. The name comes from the golden goose perched on top of the tower's spire. Legend has it that Valdemar Atterdag used the symbol to taunt the Hanseatic League. The current goose was put there in 1871. It is not certain what was on top of the tower before 1871 and maybe it was just a weather vane made of gold. The tower was transferred into the national trust on December 24, 1808, and is thus the first, protected historic monument in Denmark.
A historic garden is also located on the site of the ruin.
Vordingborg is the home of the South Zealand Museum ("Sydsjællands Museum").
The city holds an annual festival, Vordingborg Fest Week ("Vordingborg Festuge") in July.
The Vordingborg Transmitter is one of the tallest towers in Denmark.
The Danish Army operates a barracks facility on the edge of town, known as "Vordingborg Kaserne". It houses the DANILOG regiment.
Twin towns.
Vordingborg is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="19287483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287483" title="Gordon McGregor Reid">
Gordon McGregor Reid

Gordon McGregor Reid (born 9 February 1948) was Director General and Chief Executive of the North of England Zoological Society, popularly known as Chester Zoo. He stepped down in 2010.
The North of England Zoological Society is an independent charity for conservation, education and science. It is also one of the leading wildlife attractions in the UK, receiving well over one million paying guests each year.
Under Gordon McGregor Reid’s leadership, this major wildlife attraction has gained more than 100 international, national and regional awards for success in conservation, environment management education, science, and business excellence, including the Queen’s Award for Enterprise in the category of Sustainable Development–the highest business accolade in the UK.
Africa research.
From humble beginnings as a 16-year-old technician in the zoology department at Glasgow University, Gordon rose to conduct leading research into marine life in Botswana and Nigeria. He completed his PhD at the University of London with a thesis on the morphology of tropical fish.
In recent years, he has taken Chester Zoo from strength to strength to its current position as the sixth largest visitor attraction in the UK, with 6,000 animals of 600 species, half of them on the World Conservation Union’s endangered list.
In 2008 Gordon was made an Honorary Doctor in Science for his contribution to knowledge of the natural world from the Faculty of Science and Engineering at Manchester Metropolitan University (MMU). The conservation work of the zoo spans more than 50 countries, including Kenya, where it works with MMU’s Behaviour and Ecology Group on the Chyulu Project for Rhino Conservation. MMU is soon to embark on a new Masters programme in Zoo Conservation Biology, jointly run with Chester Zoo.
Recognition.
President: rECOrd (Local Biological Records Centre for Cheshire)
Elephant Keeper Death.
After the death of the Zoo Keeper Richard Hughes in 2001 a investigation was conducted and In 2004 professor Gordon Reid admitted to breaching the UK Health & Safety Act.

</doc>
<doc id="19287486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287486" title="Doug Powell">
Doug Powell

Doug Powell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19287490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287490" title="Tim Hennessey">
Tim Hennessey

Timothy F. "Tim" Hennessey (born November 4, 1947) is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 26th District and was elected in 1992.
Career.
Prior to being elected, Hennessey was an attorney in private practice, also serving as a township solicitor and a trial attorney in the Chester County Public Defender's Office.
He was elected to the House in 1992 and has been re-elected seven times.
Currently, Hennessey serves as the Republican Chairman of the Aging and Older Adult Services Committee. He also serves on the House Local Government Committee.
Personal.
Representative Hennessey is a 1965 graduate of St. Pius X High School. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree from St. Joseph’s University in 1969, and his Juris Doctor degree in 1972 from Villanova University School of Law. He and his wife live in North Coventry Township, Pennsylvania. They have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19287491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287491" title="Richard Royston">
Richard Royston

Richard Royston (1601, Oxford – November 1686) was an English bookseller and publisher, bookseller to Charles I, Charles II and James II.
Royston, the son of an Oxford tailor Richard Royston and Alice Tideman, was admitted a freeman of the Stationers' Company in 1627. In the 1630s he published work by John Donne and Thomas Heywood. His own anti-Parliament pamphlet "Pro-quiritatio" was suppressed in 1642, and Royston began publishing the work of high-Anglicans like Jeremy Taylor and Henry Hammond.
Royston was charged by John Wright, parliamentary printer, on 31 July 1645, as being the "constant factor for all scandalous books and papers against the proceedings of parliament". Royston was confined to the Fleet prison, and petitioned on 15 August for release. In 1646 he published Francis Quarles's "Judgment and Mercie for afflicted Soules", and wrote and signed the dedication addressed to Charles I. In 1648 appeared, "printed for R. Royston in Ivie Lane", the first edition of Είκών Βασιλική, of which about fifty impressions were issued six months. On 23 May 1649 Royston had entered to him in the register of the Company of Stationers "The Papers which passed at Newcastle betwixt his sacred Majesty and Mr. Henderson concerning the change of church government". He was examined in October 1649 for publishing a "virulent and scandalous pamphlet", and bound in sureties to "make appearance when required and not to print or sell any unlicensed and scandalous books and pamphlets". He came before the council of state again in 1653 for a similar offence. On 29 November 1660 Charles granted to him the monopoly of printing the works of Charles I, in testimony of his fidelity and loyalty, and "of the great losses and troubles he hath sustained in the printing and publishing of many messages and papers of our said Blessed Father, especially those most excellent discourses and soliloquies by the name of Είκών Βασιλική Eikon Basilike". On 6 May 1663 Charles II took the unusual course of addressing a letter to the Company of Stationers to request the admission as an assistant of "Mr. R. Royston, an ancient member of this company and his Majesty's bookseller, but not of the livery". As king's bookseller Royston caused the stock of Richard Alleine's "Vindiciæ Pietatis" (1664, &c.) to be seized in 1665 for being published without license, but afterwards purchased the stock as waste-paper from the royal kitchen, bound the copies, and sold them. For this he was reprimanded by the privy council. Royston had a further proof of the goodwill of the king on 29 Sept. 1666, when he had a grant of £300 in compassion for losses sustained in the late fire.
"Orthodox Roystone", as John Dunton called him, was master of the Company of Stationers in 1673 and 1674, and bequeathed plate to the company. He died in 1686 in his eighty-sixth year, and was buried in Christ Church, Newgate Street. An inscription in the south aisle of the church describes him as "bookseller to three kings", and also commemorates his granddaughter Elizabeth and daughter Mary ("d." 1698), who married the bookseller Richard Chiswell the elder.

</doc>
<doc id="19287511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287511" title="Servemehere">
Servemehere

ServeMeHere is a community-based site where independent contractors offer mobile professional services and individuals or companies can find them. The site is open to any professional service that can be contracted, including accountants, cleaning, copywriters, handymen, massage therapists, veterinarians, performing artists, pet groomers, real estate brokers, translators, private tutors or web designers. Users can locate mobile professional service providers by browsing listings in their local area, or by searching for rate or quality of service provided. The service is only available in the United States.
The site defines the various services available into four large categories: 1) Do it For Me (e.g. designers, writers) 2) Take Care of Me (e.g. private chefs) 3) Teach Me (e.g. music tutors) 4) Be With Me (e.g. home care provider). There is information available about each professional, including details about services, experience, license(s), testimonials, and feedback/rating. 
As a community-based site, the feedback users leave for the service providers offers a way for new clients to trust providers and rewards good work. It allows both for services done online (telecommunicating) and on-site work. Payment is generally made at the time of service directly to the professional. For more involved projects professionals usually offer a consultation or price quotation before the service begins.
The site has gained a footing in an otherwise crowded industry for freelancers and mobile professional services because it lets users schedule appointments online. Professionals post their appointment schedule and clients can choose the specific time or deadline for the project. The professional service provider contacts the client by phone or email to confirm the time of service and location, which is often the home or office.
In the past, independent contractors for mobile professional services were located and hired by personal recommendation and directories (e.g. yellow pages). ServeMeHere is part of a broader trend of moving professional service hiring from offline to online. Recommendations can now be made by the site’s users, and the directory is searchable, making it more efficient for individuals or companies to find professionals in their area quickly and easily.

</doc>
<doc id="19287542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287542" title="Interaction overview diagram">
Interaction overview diagram

Interaction Overview Diagram is one of the fourteen types of diagrams of the Unified Modeling Language (UML), which can picture a control flow with nodes that can contain interaction diagrams. 
The interaction overview diagram is similar to the activity diagram, in that both visualize a sequence of activities. The difference is that, for an interaction overview, each individual activity is pictured as a frame which can contain a nested interaction diagrams. This makes the interaction overview diagram useful to "deconstruct a complex scenario that would otherwise require multiple if-then-else paths to be illustrated as a single sequence diagram".
The other notation elements for interaction overview diagrams are the same as for activity diagrams. These include initial, final, decision, merge, fork and join nodes. The two new elements in the interaction overview diagrams are the "interaction occurrences" and "interaction elements." 

</doc>
<doc id="19287547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287547" title="Bernadette Swinnerton">
Bernadette Swinnerton

Bernadette Swinnerton was an English racing cyclist. She came second in the 1969 world road championship in Czechoslovakia, 1m 10s behind Audrey McElmury.
Bernardette Swinnerton was born in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, the eldest of seven children. Her parents, Roy and Doris Swinnerton, ran a cycle shop in Stoke-on-Trent. Bernardette Swinnerton has recently retired after 40 years of teaching, spending the last 17 years of her career as a headteacher in Blythe Bridge, Stoke-on-Trent. She has 3 grown children, Jennifer, Kevin & Danielle; and 4 grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19287550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287550" title="Gideon Henderson">
Gideon Henderson

Professor Gideon Mark Henderson FRS (born 29 July 1968) is a British geochemist. His work focuses on low temperature geochemistry, and on improving the understanding of the mechanisms driving climate change. Henderson is currently Head of Department at the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Oxford.
Education.
Henderson graduated with an Honours degree in Earth Sciences from Hertford College, Oxford. He next went to St John's College, Cambridge, to complete a Ph.D. supervised by Professor Sir Keith O'Nions (1990–1994).
Career.
After his PhD, Henderson moved to the Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia University (1994–1998), working with Wally Broecker. He then became a University Lecturer in Environmental Earth Sciences, BFD at the University of Oxford. Since 2007, Henderson has held the position of Professor of Earth Sciences at the University of Oxford. He leads the research group "Isotopes and the Environment" and is a Sollas Fellow of University College, Oxford.
Awards.
Awards include European Union of Geosciences outstanding young scientist award (2001), and the Philip Leverhulme Prize in 2001. He is a member of the Scientific Committee on Oceanic Research (SCOR) Planning Group for GEOTRACES, an international study of the global marine biogeochemical cycles of trace elements and their isotopes.
In 2013 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS), his nomination read:

</doc>
<doc id="19287553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287553" title="Anna Geifman">
Anna Geifman

Anna Geifman is an American historian. She is a student of political extremism, terrorism and the history of the Russian revolutionary movements.
Biography.
Geifman was born in 1962 in Leningrad, USSR and moved to Boston, Massachusetts with her parents in 1976. She received her BA from Boston University in 1984 and her PhD from Harvard University in 1990 under professor Richard Pipes. She is a Professor of History at Boston University, where she teaches undergraduate and graduate classes on the history of imperial Russia, the USSR, psychohistory, and modern terrorism.
Geifman researches and writes on 20th- and 21st-century fundamentalist terrorism, emphasizing psychological patterns of political violence through comparative analysis. As psychohistorian, she focuses on incentives for extremist behavior, as well as on impact of organized brutality on the daily lives and emotional conditions of civilians in areas affected by terrorism.
She has been living in Israel since 2007, working at Bar-Ilan University.
Intellectual positions.
Geifman has introduced the comparison between the pre-revolutionary Russian terrorist groups and the contemporary perpetrators of Islamist violence into the conversation on terrorism.
Geifman downplays the importance of revolutionary ideologies, focusing not on the intellectual but on the psychological aspects of terrorism, which she relates to the perpetrators' difficulties in dealing with identity crises of modernity and post-modernity. She also underscores criminal tendencies both among the Russian radicals and the contemporary terrorists worldwide.
In Geifman’s opinion, the idea that taking on the responsibilities of government will moderate groups like Hamas and Hezbollah is a fallacy. A better understanding of how ideologically-driven groups that use terrorism as a tactic operate may be gained by looking at the Bolshevik Revolution. She points to the parallel between Hamas’ commitment to building up its “security forces,” and the Bolshevik establishment and funding of the Cheka (first Soviet secret police, precursor to the KGB) as its first priority upon gaining power.
According to Geifman, Hamas’s first victims are the Palestinian civilians, just like the earliest victims of the Bolshevik regime were its own citizens. “You want to know what happens when terrorists come to power? As soon as terrorists take control of the government, they begin building on what they had done in the underground. Look at the Bolsheviks, who were terrorists before they came to power in 1917". They used their extensive experience in violence to build a terror-based state.

</doc>
<doc id="19287559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287559" title="John Mitchell (United Mine Workers)">
John Mitchell (United Mine Workers)

John Mitchell (February 4, 1870 – September 9, 1919) was a United States labor leader and president of the United Mine Workers of America from 1898 to 1908.
John Mitchell was born in 1870 in Braidwood, Illinois, a second generation Irish immigrant. He became an orphan when he was only six years old, and began working at that age to support his family. He worked in the coal mines his whole life. When he was fifteen years old, he joined the Knights of Labor in 1885 and was a founding member of the United Mine Workers of America in 1890. He was elected District 12 secretary-treasurer in 1895. He was made an international union organizer in 1897 and worked alongside Mary Harris "Mother" Jones before being elected an international vice president the same year.
In September 1898, Mitchell became acting president of UMWA after president Michael Ratchford resigned to become a member of the United States Industrial Commission. He won election outright in 1899.
He helped organize the National Civic Federation in 1900.
He served as fourth vice president of the American Federation of Labor (AFL) from 1898 to 1900, and as second vice president from 1900 to 1914 (although he had lost the UMWA presidency in 1908).
Along with AFL Samuel Gompers and AFL secretary-treasurer Frank Morrison, he was sentenced to prison for violating a court injunction during a strike at the Buck Stove and Range Co. in St. Louis, Missouri. In a landmark case, the United States Supreme Court overturned the contempt citation in "Gompers v. Buck's Stove and Range Co.", finding that the court of appeals had erred in allowing the company to bring the complaint of contempt, rather than the district court itself.
One of Mitchell's earliest challenges in the UMWA was to help incorporate new workers from various ethnicities into the union. There were numerous language barriers, as well as cultural biases and outright prejudice to be overcome. His success in this area helped him become vice-president in 1897, and president one year later.
Labor activity was notoriously dangerous at the time. Just before Mitchell became president, the Lattimer Massacre had seen 19 miners killed by police and 58 miners died in the Twin Shaft Disaster one year earlier. But this was also a period of growth for the union: the number of members grew almost tenfold, from 34,000 to 300,000, during Mitchell's term. Mitchell engaged in contentious negotiations with mining companies, including one in which President Theodore Roosevelt had to intervene, resulting in an eight-hour workday and a minimum wage. A tributary statue of Mitchell stands on the grounds of the Lackawanna County Courthouse in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the site of the Coal Strike of 1902 negotiations in which President Roosevelt participated. Because of the significance of these negotiations, the statue and the Courthouse were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
When his successor, Thomas Lewis, won approval of a resolution forcing UMWA members to resign from the National Civic Federation, Mitchell left the union. He continued his association with the federation for many years, as well as serving on a number of state and federal commissions.
Mitchell died from pneumonia in New York City, September 9, 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19287564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287564" title="Social safety net">
Social safety net

Social safety nets, or "socioeconomic safety nets", are non-contributory transfer programs seeking to prevent the poor or those vulnerable to shocks and poverty from falling below a certain poverty level. Safety net programs can be provided by the public sector (the state and aid donors) or by the private sector (NGOs, private firms, charities, and informal household transfers). Safety net transfers include:
On average, spending on safety nets accounts for 1 to 2 percent of GDP across developing and transition countries, though sometimes much less or much more. In the last decade, a visible growing expertise in various areas of safety nets has taken place. However, even though an increasing number of safety net programs are extremely well thought out, correctly implemented, and demonstrably effective, many others face — and create — serious challenges.
General overview.
Safety nets are part of a broader poverty reduction strategy interacting with and working alongside of social insurance; health, education, and financial services; the provision of utilities and roads; and other policies aimed at reducing poverty and managing risk.
Safety net programs can play four roles in development policy:-
The safety net as a whole should provide coverage to three rather different groups:-
Figure A: Processes and Stakeholders Involved in a Safety Net Program
The effectiveness of a safety net intervention lies in the details of the implementation process and stakeholders’ involvement therein (Figure A). An adequate transfer program incorporates at least a system to target beneficiaries, to register them, to set up program conditionalities, to make payments, and to monitor and evaluate its performance. Moreover, a stakeholders’ strategy that clearly assigns specific tasks and responsibilities for each agent is critical for program success. It is important to acknowledge that every intervention is unique in its complexity, needs to be adapted to local circumstances, and requires a fluent communication mechanism and a solid data process system.
Source: Adapted from Arribas-Baños and Baldeón 2007
Common interventions.
Cash transfers.
Cash transfers are defined as the provision of assistance in the form of cash to the poor or to those who face a probable risk of falling into poverty in the absence of the transfer. The main objective of these programs is to increase poor and vulnerable households' real income. The growing use of cash transfers is driven significantly by improvement in their design and implementation. Some critical issues include targeting methods, payment modalities, and institutional arrangement.
Types of cash transfer include:
Conditional cash transfers.
Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) programs provide cash payments to poor households that meet certain behavioral requirements, generally related to improve their children's human capital, such regular school attendance and basic preventive health care. The purpose of these programs is to address the inter-generational transmission of poverty and to foster social inclusion by explicitly targeting the poor, focusing on children, delivering transfers to women, and changing social accountability relationships between beneficiaries, service providers and governments.
The first generation of conditional cash transfers (e.g. Mexico’s Oportunidades and Brazil’s Bolsa Familia) have been marked by good implementation with respect to targeting, general administration and impact evaluation. These programs have been proven to be very effective in reducing poverty in the short term since they have helped to increase household income and consumption in poor families. These programs have also helped to increase school enrollment and attendance and they also have shown improvements in children’s health conditions. Most of these transfer schemes are now benefiting around 110 million people in the region, and are considered relatively cheap, costing around 0.5% of their GDP.
These outcomes represent an increase in the investment of human capital, thus becoming a very important tool for reducing the inter-generational transmission of inequality. However, studies by the UNDP have shown that conditional cash transfers did not represent a significant increase in the quality of education and in learning, nor in significant increases in salaries, once the recipients entered the labor force.
CCT Programs have been proved to be very well-targeted and effective in reaching the poor and the excluded groups, notably the extreme poor living outside the reach of social protection programs tied with formal sector employment The programs have also promoted equality of gender since they provide larger funds to girls given that it is common that they tend to drop out earlier from school, so this has increased their enrollment and attendance to secondary levels of education. In the long run, these investments may also yield to significant changes in women’s empowerment and insertion in economic networks. However, it has been critiqued that these programs do not serve the needs of other marginalized groups, such as some indigenous people and poor families living in certain rural areas, since they live too far away from schools and health centers to effectively comply with the program conditions
More recent pilot adaptations are testing CCTs in a diverse range of settings including a growing list of low income countries, urban settings, and for more specialized purposes.
CCT Programs are efficient tools for reducing poverty and inequality but only in the short term. Hence, it is important that these programs are coordinated with other social programs in ortder to strengthen synergies in poverty alleviation. The programs should be linked with programs that support labor market insertion and employment to provide incentives for graduation and opportunities for moving out of poverty. For example, Chile’s Programa Puente targets the 100,000 poorest and most excluded families in urban areas and provides beneficiaries with the support of a social worker for two years. While the monetary value of the transfer is relatively low (US$ 22 PPP 2003 per family per month), the program aims at inserting families into the wider safety net through a tailored plan of conditionalities. Similarly, Bolsa-Família in Brazil seeks to promote local synergies by linking the beneficiaries to preferential housing, micro-credit and local business development, and Oportunidades in Mexico piloted various expansions to the basic
program through the Plataforma Oportunidades – albeit with limited success to date,-- as well as credits for secondary school graduates that can be used for micro-enterprise, further education or housing.
Food-based programs.
Food-based safety net programs support adequate consumption and contribute to improving nutrition and securing livelihoods. They differ from other safety net programs in that they are tied to the provision of food, either directly or through cash-like instruments (food stamps, coupons) that may be used to purchase food.
The debate on the use of cash rather than food has been receiving renewed attention in recent years, in part because of changing donor practices. In parallel there has been growing attention on the appropriateness of food transfers taking into account a number of concerns, e.g. impacts on food markets, transaction costs, type and size of transfers, and preferences of beneficiaries.
Supplementary feeding programs provide a direct transfer of food to target households or individuals. The food may be prepared and eaten on-site (e.g., in child feeding centers or at schools), or given as a dry ration to take home. Supplementary feeding is often provided as an incentive for participation in public services such as primary health care (pre- and post-natal and well-baby care) and education. The most common forms are maternal and child feeding, and school feeding.
School feeding programs encourage children’s enrollment and improve their ability to pay attention in class. They vary from the provision of breakfast, lunch or a midmorning snack, to a combination of these. School feeding programs are often integrated with health and nutrition education, parasite treatment, health screening, and provision of water and sanitation.
Food for work (FFW) programs provide food rations in exchange for a given amount of work done. FFW programs have long been used to protect households against the decline in purchasing power that often accompanies seasonal unemployment, drought, and other periodic disruptions.
Emergency food distribution includes direct provision of food, supplementary feeding for vulnerable groups, and therapeutic feeding during crises, emergencies and situations in which people are displaced (see UNHCR and WFP 1999 for guidelines on the size and type of on-site and take-home food rations). These last-resort programs save lives by preventing malnutrition and morbidity.
Food stamps, vouchers, and coupons are near-cash paper tokens targeted to poor households that they can use to purchase food at authorized retail locations. The transfer is often based on the gap between the amount of resources spent on food and the amount needed to acquire a minimum food basket. Some instruments restrict households to buying only a few specific foods, while others allow them to purchase any food.
General subsidies.
Subsidies guarantee access to essential commodities at prices that consumers can afford. The rationale for using subsidies is based on the potential to shift consumption as well as on low operating costs as beneficiaries are not administratively targeted. Although subsidies require little administrative capacity, they tend to be expensive and regressive with respect to targeting the poor.
Universal/Indirect price supports for food are open-ended, untargeted subsidies that attempt to lower the price paid for staple foods. Controlling these prices responds to the need to prevent prices from becoming too high. The interventions are implemented via indirect taxes or producer subsidies which are often part of general price stabilization efforts.
Subsidized untargeted sales take place at public distribution centers or designated private outlets on a first-come, first-served basis. Quantities may be rationed by limiting the amount households may purchase.
Subsidies for energy and utilities most often include gasoline and diesel used for transport and for electricity generation; kerosene for lighting and heating; and liquefied petroleum gas for cooking. Their costs can be higher than for food subsidies, while their targeting efficiency tends to be much lower than for food.
Public works.
Public works programs provide unskilled workers with temporary labor-intensive jobs during critical times. Public works can include road construction and maintenance, maintenance of public spaces and buildings, irrigation infrastructure, reforestation and soil conservation. The output of such programs is twofold: jobs of short duration for work to increase income, and creation of public goods in the form of new or improved infrastructure.
The level of the wage rate is a critical design issue. Self-selection can be encouraged if the wage paid is set at slightly below the market wage for unskilled labor. Cross-country evidence suggests that programs are worthwhile if planners give careful attention to the quality of the assets to be created, and to their potential to create second-round (employment) benefits.
Fee waivers, exemptions, and scholarships.
The main objective of fee waivers, exemptions, and scholarships is to provide poor people with the financial resources to use public services such as education and health facilities. These systems are targeted to a pre-determined group of people that would not have access to these services otherwise. These are relatively recent programs that were implemented in Africa in the latter part of the 1990s, counterbalancing the negative effects on the poor of the introduction of fees in the health and education sectors in the 1980s.
Fee waivers and exemptions for health care enable the poor to obtain free health care even when fees are charged. Exemptions are granted to everyone for defined services and allow people to receive free prenatal care, immunizations, and treatment for tuberculosis. By contrast fee waivers are granted to some individuals, usually for specific health care activities which also account for the bulk of charges even though they may only account for a minority of interactions with the health care system.
Fee waivers and scholarships for schooling include stipends, education vouchers, targeted bursaries, and interventions related to tuition and textbooks. Benefits range from covering the direct costs of uniforms, books, or transport, to compensating for the opportunity costs of students’ time. Programs may be complemented by grants to schools to ensure quality of education.
Financing of and spending on safety nets.
Figure B: Safety Net Expenditures as a Percentage of GDP, Selected Countries and Years
Most developing countries spend 1 to 2 percent of their GDP on safety nets. If countries wish to increase their spending on safety nets, they can reallocate expenditures, raise taxes, obtain aid grants, or borrow. Reallocation of funds from less important items is preferable. If taxes are to be raised, the government must pay attention to the economic and political costs. If international grants are to be used, the government and donors should ensure that funding flows are stable and that procedures are conducive to building capacity. Debt finance is appropriate when programs benefit future generations by raising their productivity and consequently increasing future tax revenues, or during recessions.
Even where safety nets have a place within budgets, they may face financial constraints so tight that policy makers will have to make difficult decisions about how to allocate money insufficient to meet needs. In response, there are three approaches that may be taken in different combinations:
Source:Weigand and Grosh 2008
Note: Kosovo data are for 2003
Customizing safety nets for different contexts.
There is a recognized need to adapt social safety nets programs to local contexts. Both the program mix and shape of individual programs should vary from place to place.
Safety nets in low-income countries are increasingly being recognized as effective tools to reach out to the most vulnerable. At their worst, they protect households facing hard times from falling into deeper poverty and help them manage risk by allowing them to maintain assets on which their livelihoods are based. At their best, they can provide households with a cushion to invest resources more efficiently and effectively in human capital. Common interventions vary from public works and food-based interventions to more recently cash and conditional cash transfer programs. Low-income states may face institutional capacity and financial constraints.
Safety nets in middle-income countries may aspire to cover all target groups although they tend to focus on helping the chronically poor. Individual programs may be sophisticated, but sophistication may not have spread to all programs in the country. Evidence suggests that they possess strong track record progress in design and implementation.
Safety nets in crisis contexts attempt to protect incomes and avoid irreversible losses of physical assets and human capital. They also help maintain political consensus around the policies needed to resolve crises (financial, fuel, food). Scaling up programs quickly is difficult, so some compromises with respect to targeting, incentive compatibility, and accountability may be needed.
Safety nets after natural disasters help households avoid irreversible losses that could ensue. Effective safety nets should be seen as a complement to larger efforts to protect livelihoods and undertake reconstruction and recovery. Countries with existing programs that they can modify will be better placed to deliver safety nets after natural disasters. They may need to adjust procedures during the response.
Safety nets to facilitate reforms can help compensate the poor for any losses suffered as a result of reforms such as abolishing subsidies. These may also promote the political tolerance required for reforms to take place. Some programs with a temporary political goal may be at a scale that is too large to sustain. Others with a clearer poverty focus may be meant to be permanent, and so must be designed to be sustainable.
Safety nets in fragile states are increasingly recognized as helping endangered and/or displaced households cope in post conflict or complex settings. Selected safety nets interventions, integrated with other actions, may assist in rebuilding societies and preventing future conflict. A critical issue is how and when to transition from primarily humanitarian relief efforts to more strategic sustained development.
Safety nets in developed countries have resulted in a much lower crime rates and generally lower poverty levels. One example is Canada's universal healthcare, known as Medicare, which was first proposed by Thomas Clement "Tommy" Douglas (called one of the "fathers of medicare"); in 2004 Douglas was voted the Greatest Canadian for his achievements and contributions to Canada, including working towards Medicare.
Aspects of design and implementation.
Targeting.
The main objective of targeting is to deliver more resources to the poorest groups of the population. Targeting is a tool that has costs and benefits. Decisions about whether to target, how precise to be and what method to use will depend on the relative size of these costs and benefits, which will vary by setting.
Good evidence indicates that, for the most part, programs can focus resources on the poor to a moderate or high degree without incurring unacceptably high errors of exclusion (excluding poor groups) and cost.
A few methods of targeting and types of programs go hand-in-hand. However, several different methods can be used for a particular program resulting in better targeting:
Targeting systems should allow new or newly poor households to access the program and move out the ones that are no longer eligible. The inputs to good targeting outcomes include adequate staffing; well-defined rules of the game; clearly assigned and sensible institutional roles; and adequate information systems, material inputs, monitoring, and evaluation.
Determining benefit levels.
Benefits may be differentiated by household characteristics such as poverty level, size and composition, or specific needs or behaviors. Such customization will improve the poverty impact, but will complicate administration. Available budget allocations will greatly determine the efficacy of safety net programs. Programs with benefits that are too small will have little impact on beneficiaries and administrative costs will be high relative to benefits. Programs with high benefits will have a larger impact on recipient households, but will have a higher fiscal burden, require better design and targeting, and may induce disincentives.
Monitoring and evaluation.
Monitoring and evaluation (M&E) systems are the hallmark of good program management. A new wave of results-oriented programs, such as CCTs in Latin America and public works programs (e.g. Argentine, Ethiopia), have developed and use integrated M&E. These programs demonstrate that strong monitoring systems support credible program evaluation and that both provide feedback for improvements in productivity, effectiveness and impact.
Program monitoring systems are tools that regularly supply information about how well a program is working, so that program managers can take action to improve implementation. Effective monitoring systems require a strategic focus and political support. They also require adequate skills, management attention, and information technology.
Program evaluation refers to an external assessment of program effectiveness that ascertains whether a program meets some standards, estimates its net results or impacts, and/or identifies whether the benefits the program generates outweigh its costs to society. It generates evidence that programs are well implemented and are achieving their intended results, and provides feedback for improvements.
The most frequently used types of evaluation in safety net programs are:

</doc>
<doc id="19287573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287573" title="Communauté de communes du Carrefour des Quatre Provinces">
Communauté de communes du Carrefour des Quatre Provinces

The communauté de communes du Carrefour des Quatre Provinces was created on December 28, 1998 and is located in the Creuse "département" of the Limousin region of central France.
It comprises the following 14 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19287575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287575" title="Ricardian economics">
Ricardian economics

Ricardian economics are the economic theories of David Ricardo, an English political economist born in 1772 who made a fortune as a stockbroker and loan broker. At the age of 27, he read "An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of Wealth of Nations" by Adam Smith and was energized by the theories of economics. 
His main economic ideas are contained in "On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation" (1817). This set out a series of theories which would later become theoretical underpinnings of both Marx's "Das Kapital" and Marshallian economics, including the theory of rent, the labour theory of value and above all the theory of comparative advantage.
Ricardo wrote his first economic article ten years after reading Adam Smith and ultimately, the "bullion controversy" gave him fame in the economic community for his theory on inflation in 19th-century England. This theory became known as monetarism, the theory that excess currency leads to inflation. He was also a factor in creating classical economics, which meant he fought for free trade and free competition without government interference by enforcing laws or restrictions.
The Law of Diminishing Returns.
Another idea Ricardo is known for in his "Essay on the Influence of a Low Price of Corn on the Profits of Stock" is the Law of Diminishing Returns (Ricardo, Economic Essays, Henderson 826). The law of diminishing returns states that if you add more units to one of the factors of production and keep the rest constant, the quantity or output created by the extra units will eventually get smaller to a point where overall output will begin to fall ("Diminishing Returns").
For example, consider a simple farm that has two inputs: labor and land. Suppose the farm has 100 hectares of land and one worker (the labor input). This land-labor combination produces some level of output. If the amount of land is increased, and the amount of labor stays the same, the worker will have to give less attention to each acre of land (provided that nothing else changes). So, output may increase, though the additional (marginal) output from adding an acre of land may decrease. 
If more and more land is added that must be tended by this one worker, there will eventually be so much land that output starts to decrease as the worker becomes overwhelmed (that is, less labor time, on average, is devoted to each acre). This is the typical stylized result of increasing one productive input while holding the others constant (versus increasing all inputs, generating economies of scale).
Comparative advantage.
Ricardo was opposed to tariffs and other restrictions on international trade. Ricardo devised an idea that is well known as the theory of comparative advantage (Henderson 827, Fesfeld 325). According to the Washington Council on International Trade, comparative advantage is the ability to produce a good at a lower cost, relative to other goods, compared to another country. In the "Principles of Economics", Ricardo states that comparative advantage is a specialization technique used to create more efficient production (52) and describes opportunity cost between producers (53). With perfect competition and undistorted markets, countries tend to export goods in which they have a comparative advantage.
For example, we should think of two countries that both make cards and pencils and use the same amount of time to make one unit of items (please see table). Country one can make 4 pencils if they specialize just in pencils at the expense of one card, but this country can also make ¼ of a card at the expense of one pencil. The same logic goes for country two: if country two makes only pencils, it will make 2 pencils at the expense of 1 card. 
If country two specializes only in cards, it will make ½ of a card at the expense of a pencil. For this example, country one has a comparative advantage in pencils over country two (4 pencils to 2 pencils), whereas, country two has a comparative advantage in cards over country one (½ of a card to ¼ of a card). In Ricardo's idea of comparative advantage, these two countries should specialize in what they do best. According to "The Fortune Encyclopedia of Economics", Ricardo's idea of comparative advantage is "the main basis for most economists' belief in free trade today" (827).
How Ricardian economics is used today.
Though David Ricardo was of the 19th century, many people use his work in everyday economics. Ricardo's theory on rent consisted mostly of an agricultural model featuring farmers and landowners. Since highly productive land was desired for more crops and the market would pay the same price for crops grown on both favorable and unfavorable land, farmers were eager to pay more for highly productive land to grow more crops for the extra money (Henderson 827).
Ricardo also had another influential theory: minimum wages. He knew that once the population rose more greatly, the demand for jobs would increase, making the wages decrease to a level that would not support people because many were willing to take the low-paying jobs to survive (St. Clair 9, Fusfeld 325). This observation of minimum wage work is especially true today when looking at the controversy with the enforcement of a minimum wage law. In Ricardo's book, "On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation", he is saying that the jobs we give more value to are paid better than those we do not value as much (11-2). 
To Ricardo, value had much to do with the cost of production, which included wages and profit (St. Clair 27) and how much you paid a worker affected the price you put on the item. He also believed the value of a product was related to the quality of labor necessary for the production (Principles of Political 5). An example of this would be paying a slightly higher price for an item that is handmade, rather than being manufactured. Though this is true, Ricardo also thought the labor or machine itself should be considered when selling an item and that a little of every item should be priced to include this factor of labor (St. Claire 24). 
Ricardo addressed many of the issues we face today in our economic world, such as minimum wage and rent (Fusfeld 325). These issues are perhaps as important today as they were in the 19th century, which is why David Ricardo's economic theories are still an important part of modern economics.

</doc>
<doc id="19287578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287578" title="Antoine-François Momoro">
Antoine-François Momoro

Antoine-François Momoro (1756, Besançon—24 March 1794, Paris) was a French printer, bookseller and politician during the French Revolution. An important figure in the Cordeliers club and in Hébertisme, he is the originator of the phrase "Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité", the motto of the French Republic.
Life.
"First Printer of Liberty".
Momoro's family was originally from Spain but settled in the Franche-Comté region of eastern France. Antoine-François Momoro studied in his home town and moved to Paris while still very young. He showed a particular talent as a typographer and he was admitted to the Parisian printers' guild in 1787. He was one of many publishers in the French capital, but he established his credentials quickly by issuing his own highly regarded printer's manual, "Traité élémentaire de l’imprimerie, ou le manuel de l’imprimeur" (1787). The outbreak of the Revolution and the declaration of the freedom of the press in August, 1789, massively boosted his output and would change his destiny.
An open opponent of even a constitutional monarchy and of the Roman Catholic religion, Momoro keenly threw himself into the revolutionary cause and put his abilities at the service of the new ideas. At the start of the Revolution he bought up several presses, opened a press at 171 rue de la Harpe and launched himself into politics. His initial output remained cautious however, as shown by his refusal in June, 1789, to be the first publisher of "La France Libre" by Camille Desmoulins. He won the exclusive concession to typography and printing from the Paris Commune and became secretary to the "Société des droits de l’homme", which later became the "Club des Cordeliers", whose journal he published as well as becoming one of its loudest orators.
Momoro was also among the signatories of the anti-monarchical petition which led to the Champ de Mars massacre, an event that would end in formalizing the split between the moderates and extremists. In the wake of this affair, which led to his imprisonment until September, 1791, Momoro resumed his printing activities under his self-given title of "first printer of the national liberty", publishing Jacques-René Hébert's radical newspaper, "Le Père Duchesne".
Radicalization.
A member of the section du Théâtre-Français, in June 1792 he, Danton and Chaumette wrote and signed a declaration which suppressed the distinction between passive and active citizens in the section. He then took an active part in the insurrection of 10 August 1792. He more and more supported the "enragés" more than the more moderate indulgents. He was elected by the section to the Directoire du département de Paris and it was then that he and mayor Pache inscribed the motto "Liberté, Égalité, Fraternité" on the façades of all public buildings. After a recruiting mission in Calvados and Eure, he returned to Paris where he was made president of the section du Théâtre-Français.
He took an active part in dechristianisation and was a principal proponent of the Cult of Reason. It was his wife, Sophie Momoro (née Fournier), who played the part of the Goddess at the cult's infamous "Festival of Reason" on 20 Brumaire, Year II (10 November 1793).
He was sent into the Vendée in May, 1793, where he acted as deputy to Charles-Philippe Ronsin at the siege of the état-major at Saumur, in a mission to ensure the army fighting against the revolt there was well supplied. On his return to Paris, in a long "Rapport sur la politique de la Vendée fait au comité de Salut Public", he explained the reasons for setbacks to Ronsin's strategy in the Vendée and defended General Rossignol, contributing to his rehabilitation.
When Marat was assassinated in July, 1793, Momoro aspired to succeed him as champion of the people and their cause. He persuaded the Cordeliers to go ahead with the publication of the "L'Ami du Peuple" at his press.
Fall.
After working for the fall of the Girondists in the struggle between the Commune and the Convention, he participated in attacks on Danton, Robespierre (whom he accused of modérantisme), and the Committee of Public Safety. Pushed onwards by a report by Saint-Just to the Convention denouncing the "complot de l’étranger" woven by the Indulgents and Exagérés, the committee decided on the arrest of the Hébertistes on 13 March 1794. The Revolutionary Tribunal condemned Momoro to death, and he loudly replied "You accuse me, who have given everything for the Revolution!" He was guillotined with Hébert, Ronsin, Vincent and other leading Hébertistes the following afternoon, 4 Germinal, Year II (24 March 1794).

</doc>
<doc id="19287581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287581" title="Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods">
Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. is an investment banking firm headquartered in New York City, specializing exclusively in the financial services sector. KBW's primary business lines include Research, Corporate Finance, Equity Sales and Trading, Fixed Income Sales and Trading, Equity Capital Markets, Debt Capital Markets, and Asset Management.
The firm provides a broad range of services to corporate clients such as banking companies, insurance companies, real estate and REITs, broker-dealers, mortgage banks, asset management companies, and specialty finance firms as well as to the institutional investor community. KBW's research analysts cover more than 600 companies in the financial services industry globally.
The company, which was founded in 1962, currently has eight offices in the United States as well as offices in London, Hong Kong and Tokyo. In 2012, KBW was acquired by Stifel Financial, a financial services holding Company, for $575 million.
History.
The firm was founded in 1962 by Harry Keefe Jr., Gene Bruyette and Norbert Woods. The three founders previously had worked together at Tucker, Anthony & R. L. Day. Beginning in the 1950s, Keefe had been one of the first Wall Street research analysts to focus on bank stocks, which later became the specialty of the firm he co-founded. Norbert Woods died in 1972 and the firm was led by Keefe and Bruyette through the 1970s and 1980s.
Under Harry Keefe, the firm advised on several mergers that helped form large regional banks in the 1980s. The firm advised on a series of deals that created the Bank of New England out of smaller banks in Massachusetts and Connecticut. KBW also advised on the creation of SunTrust Bank from a group of Florida and Georgia based banks. In 1985, KBW negotiated the merger of Wachovia and First National Bank of Atlanta. More recently, in 2005, the firm was sole adviser to Bank of America in their takeover of MBNA.
Harry Keefe left the firm in 1989 after a business dispute with his associates and founded his own money management and consulting firm. By 1990, KBW had transitioned management of the firm from the original founders to a new group including Charles Lott and James McDermott. Gene Bruyette retired from the firm in 1991. James McDermott was later convicted of violating insider trading rules in 2000 by providing stock tips to a girlfriend.
In November 2006, KBW completed a $100 million initial public offering of stock. The firm is traded on the NYSE under the ticker 'KBW'. As of the end of 2010, KBW employees owned approximately one-third of the stock in the company.
Impact of September 11.
The company's prior New York headquarters was located on the 85th, 88th, and 89th floors of the World Trade Center's South tower at the time of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. Out of the firm's 172 New York employees, 67 died as a result of the attack when the South tower collapsed. Among the employees killed in the attack were the firm's co-CEO Joseph Berry, CFO Jeffrey Fox, as well as several notable research analysts David Berry, Dean Eberling and Thomas Theurkauf.
Prior to September 11, the firm had been engaged in discussions with BNP about a possible acquisition. The firm has held an annual 9/11 memorial service and also maintains a charitable fund it set up to help victims' families.
Controversies.
On December 8, 1999, Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc had a lawsuit for being the Life Financial's lead underwriter in the offering, while the financial statements of Life Financial improperly included earnings amounts arrived at in violated of SFAS No. 125, and paid 75000 dollars for settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="19287594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287594" title="NAIRU">
NAIRU

In monetarist economics, particularly the work of Milton Friedman, NAIRU is an acronym for non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment, and refers to a level of unemployment below which inflation rises. It is widely used in mainstream economics. It was first introduced as NIRU (non-inflationary rate of unemployment) in ModiglianiPapademos (1975), as an improvement over the "natural rate" of unemployment concept.
Origins.
An early form of NAIRU is found in the work of Abba P. Lerner , who referred to it as "low full employment" attained via the expansion of aggregate demand, in contrast with the "high full employment" which adds incomes policies (wage and price controls) to demand stimulation.
The concept arose in the wake of the popularity of the Phillips curve which summarized the observed negative correlation between the rate of unemployment and the rate of inflation (measured as annual nominal wage growth of employees) for number of industrialised countries with more or less mixed economies. This correlation (previously seen for the U.S. by Irving Fisher) persuaded some analysts that it was impossible for governments simultaneously to target both arbitrarily low unemployment and price stability, and that, therefore, it was government's role to seek a point on the trade-off between unemployment and inflation which matched a domestic social consensus.
During the 1970s in the United States and several other industrialized countries, Phillips curve analysis became less popular, because inflation rose at the same time that unemployment rose (see stagflation).
Worse, as far as many economists were concerned, was that the Phillips curve had little or no theoretical basis. Critics of this analysis (such as Milton Friedman and Edmund Phelps) argued that the Phillips curve could not be a fundamental characteristic of economic general equilibrium because it showed a correlation between a real economic variable (the unemployment rate) and a nominal economic variable (the inflation rate). Their counter-analysis was that government macroeconomic policy (primarily monetary policy) was being driven by a low unemployment target and that this caused expectations of inflation to change, so that steadily accelerating inflation rather than reduced unemployment was the result. The resulting prescription was that government economic policy (or at least monetary policy) should not be influenced by any level of unemployment below a critical level - the "natural rate" or NAIRU.
The natural rate hypothesis and the NAIRU.
The idea behind the natural rate hypothesis put forward by Friedman was that any given labor market structure must involve a certain amount of unemployment, including frictional unemployment associated with individuals changing jobs and possibly classical unemployment arising from real wages being held above the market-clearing level by minimum wage laws, trade unions or other labour market institutions. Unexpected inflation might allow unemployment to fall below the natural rate by temporarily depressing real wages, but this effect would dissipate once expectations about inflation were corrected. Only with continuously accelerating inflation could rates of unemployment below the natural rate be maintained.
The analysis supporting the natural rate hypothesis was controversial, and empirical evidence suggested that the natural rate varied over time in ways that could not easily be explained by changes in labor market structures. As a result the "natural rate" terminology was largely supplanted by that of the NAIRU, which referred to a rate of unemployment below which inflation would accelerate, but did not imply a commitment to any particular theoretical explanation, or a prediction that the rate would be stable over time.
Properties.
If formula_1 is the NAIRU and formula_2 is the actual unemployment rate, the theory says that: 
Okun's law can be stated as saying that for every one percentage point by which the actual unemployment rate exceeds the so-called "natural" rate of unemployment, real gross domestic product is reduced by 2% to 3%.
Criticism.
The NAIRU analysis assumes that if inflation increases, workers and employers can create contracts that take into account expectations of higher inflation and agree on a level of wage inflation that matches the expected level of price inflation to maintain constant real wages. Therefore, the analysis requires inflation to accelerate to maintain low unemployment. However, this argument implicitly assumes that workers and employers cannot contract to incorporate accelerating inflation into wage expectations, but there is no clear justification for assuming that expectations or contract structures are limited in this way aside from the fact that such wage arrangements are not commonly observed.
The NAIRU analysis is especially problematic if the Phillips curve displays hysteresis, that is, if episodes of high unemployment raise the NAIRU. This could happen, for example, if unemployed workers lose skills so that employers prefer to bid up of the wages of existing workers when demand increases, rather than hiring the unemployed. 
Others, such as Abba Lerner (1951, 1967) and Hyman Minsky (1965) have argued that a similar effect can be achieved without the human costs of unemployment via a job guarantee, where rather than being unemployed, those who cannot find work in the private sector should be employed by the government. This theory replaces the NAIRU with the NAIBER (non-accelerating-inflation-buffer employment ratio).
Relationship to other economic theories.
Most economists do not see the NAIRU theory as explaining all inflation. Instead, it is possible to move along a "short run" Phillips Curve (even though the NAIRU theory says that this curve shifts in the "longer run") so that unemployment can rise or fall due to changes in inflation. Exogenous supply-shock inflation is also possible, as with the "energy crises" of the 1970s or the credit crunch of the early 21st century. 
The NAIRU theory was mainly intended as an argument against active Keynesian demand management and in favor of free markets (at least on the macroeconomic level). There is, for instance, no theoretical basis for predicting the NAIRU. Monetarists instead support the generalized assertion that the correct approach to unemployment is through microeconomic measures (to lower the NAIRU whatever its exact level), rather than macroeconomic activity based on an estimate of the NAIRU in relation to the actual level of unemployment. Monetary policy, they maintain, should aim instead at stabilizing the inflation rate.

</doc>
<doc id="19287611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287611" title="Cath Swinnerton">
Cath Swinnerton

Catherine Swinnerton (born 12 May 1958) was an English racing cyclist. Born in Fenton, Staffordshire as one of seven children, Swinnerton is part of a cycling family, and founders of Swinnerton Cycles in Fenton. Her twin brother, Paul was also a racing cyclist.
She competed in the road race at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where she finished 13th.

</doc>
<doc id="19287619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287619" title="Vasks">
Vasks

Vasks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19287624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287624" title="La Prevoyante Stakes">
La Prevoyante Stakes

The La Prevoyante Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually in mid September at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. An Ontario Sire Stakes, it is a restricted race for three-year-old fillies. It is contested over a distance of one mile (8 furlongs) on Turf and currently carries a purse of $125,000.
Inaugurated in 1975, it was raced at a distance of seven furlongs until 1979 when it was modified to its present one mile. For 1977 only, the race was run on dirt and in 1979 it was run in two divisions.
The race was named to honor the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame and U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, La Prevoyante. Owned by Quebec businessman and prominent racing stable owner, Jean-Louis Levesque's, La Prevoyante went undefeated in all twelve of her races in 1972 and was voted U.S. Champion 2-Yr-Old Filly and Canadian Horse of the Year. In 1974, she collapsed and died of a ruptured lung following the Miss Florida Handicap at Calder Race Course who also honors her with the La Prevoyante Handicap.
Records.
Speed record: (Through 1998, Woodbine times were recorded in fifths of a second. Since 1999 they are in hundredths of a second)
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="19287625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287625" title="Floyd B. Olson">
Floyd B. Olson

Floyd Bjørnstjerne Olson (November 13, 1891 – August 22, 1936) was an American politician. He served as the 22nd Governor of Minnesota from January 6, 1931, to August 22, 1936, dying in office of stomach cancer. Olson was a member of the Minnesota Farmer-Labor Party, and the first member of that party to win the office of governor. He is consistently considered one of the greatest governors in Minnesota history and one of the most influential American politicians of his era.
Early life.
Floyd B. Olson was born on the north side of Minneapolis, Minnesota, the only child of a Norwegian father and a Swedish mother. The North Side neighborhood where Olson grew up was the home of a sizable Orthodox Jewish community, and Olson's friendships with some of the local Jewish families led him to serve as a shabbos goy, assisting Jews on the Sabbath by performing actions they were not permitted to do. Olson picked up Yiddish from his childhood associations with his Jewish neighbors and years later spoke the language fluently while campaigning in Jewish communities, in addition to having several Jews serve him in advisory roles while in elected office.
After graduating from North High School in Minneapolis in 1909, Olson went to work for the Northern Pacific Railway. The next year, he enrolled at the University of Minnesota, but he left after only a year, during which he was constantly in trouble for wearing a derby in violation of school rules and for refusing to participate in required ROTC drills.
Heading west, Olson worked a series of odd jobs in Canada and Alaska before settling briefly in Seattle, Washington, where he became a stevedore and joined the Industrial Workers of the World. During this time, Olson read widely and began to adopt a populist, semi-socialist philosophy he would retain for the rest of his life.
Returning to Minnesota in 1913, Olson enrolled at William Mitchell College of Law (then the Northwestern College of Law), earning his degree in 1915. That same year, he met and married Ada Krejci in New Prague, Minnesota and became a practicing lawyer.
Hennepin County Attorney.
In 1919, Olson was hired as an Assistant Hennepin County Attorney and by the following year had himself become the Hennepin County Attorney after his former boss was fired for accepting bribes.
During that period, he made his first foray into politics when he helped form the Committee of 48, an organization that attempted to draft Senator Robert M. La Follette, Sr. to run for president on a third-party ticket. The effort proved unsuccessful, but La Follette would later run on the Progressive Party ticket in 1924. That same year, Olson ran in the Democratic primary for the local seat in the House of Representatives, but lost.
As Hennepin County Attorney, Olson quickly earned a name for himself as a stern prosecutor who relished going after crooked businessmen. He took on the Ku Klux Klan in a well-publicized case that brought both respect and death threats, and was reelected to the position in 1922 and 1926.
Candidate for governor.
In 1923, Olson brought a case against the leaders of the Minnesota Citizens Alliance, a conservative business organization dedicated to preserving right-to-work laws, after they hired a hitman to dynamite the home of a union leader. Olson's vigorous pursuit of the Citizens Alliance made him a hero to the local labor movement, which encouraged him to run for the Minnesota Farmer-Labor Party's gubernatorial nomination.
Having secured the endorsement of the Hennepin County Farmer-Labor Central Committee, Olson narrowly won the nomination in a bitterly fought primary. Buoyed by La Follette's presidential campaign (La Follette endorsed Olson and vice versa), he received 43% of the vote to Republican candidate Theodore Christianson's 48%. The Democratic candidate came in a distant third with 6%.
Four years later, in 1928, the new "Farmer-Labor Association" (which had changed its name to avoid being linked with local communists) attempted to draft Olson to run for governor again. Although the party committee once again endorsed him and this time guaranteed that he would not face a primary battle, Olson declined to run. In the U.S. presidential election, 1928, the Farmer-Labor candidate lost in the Republican landslide that accompanied Herbert Hoover's election.
By 1930, however, the stock market had crashed and the Great Depression had begun. After the party's newspaper urged that Olson be drafted, he easily won the nomination. Forming a coalition of farmers, organized labor, and small businessmen, Olson swept to a landslide victory in the election, receiving 59% of the vote in a four-way race and winning 82 of the state's 87 counties.
Olson as Governor.
At the time Olson assumed his office, Minnesota's legislature was officially nonpartisan, but was in reality dominated by conservative Republicans who opposed most of what Olson stood for.
Nevertheless, Olson soon proved himself skilled at the art of politics and managed to fulfill the vast majority of his campaign promises. During his three terms as governor, Olson proposed, and the legislature passed, bills that instituted a progressive income tax, created a social security program for the elderly, expanded the state's environmental conservation programs, guaranteed equal pay for women and the right to collective bargaining, and instituted a minimum wage and a system of unemployment insurance.
Despite these changes, the thing Olson wanted the most, a bill that would have put Minnesota's electric utilities, iron mines, oil fields, grain elevators, and meatpacking plants under state ownership, never saw the light of day, as the legislature balked at what they saw as socialism and Olson insisted was "cooperativism."
As the platform of his party grew successively more radical, Olson's support amongst the middle class gradually began to erode. His vigorous support with labor and agriculture, however, remained undiminished and he was easily reelected in 1932 and 1934.
In its April 24, 1933, issue, "Time" magazine quoted Olson speaking from the steps of the state capitol:
"I am making a last appeal to the Legislature. If the Senate does not make provision for the sufferers in the State and the Federal Government refuses to aid, I shall invoke the powers I hold and shall declare martial law. ... A lot of people who are now fighting measures because they happen to possess considerable wealth will be brought in by provost guard and be obliged to give up more than they would now. There is not going to be misery in this State if I can humanly prevent it. . . Unless the Federal and State governments act to insure against recurrence of the present situation, I hope the present system of government goes right down to hell."
On May 16, 1934, the trucker's union in Minneapolis started a strike (Minneapolis Teamsters Strike of 1934) that quickly resulted in open violence. The violence ebbed and flowed for the next two months until Governor Olson declared martial law on July 26, and mobilized 4,000 National Guardsmen under the command of Adjutant General Ellard A. Walsh. Walsh used a combination of check points, security patrols, and curfews to restore order. As the violence subsided, negotiations resumed and an agreement was reached to end the labor dispute. 
Despite considerable achievements and popular support, Olson's administration was marred by allegations made by crusading newspaper editor Walter Liggett that there were links between some members of his administration and organized crime. No evidence ever implicated Olson personally, however. Liggett was gunned down in front of his family in 1935. Kid Cann, Minnesota gangster, was charged with but not convicted of the killing.
Final days.
In 1935, Olson ruled out the possibility of running for President in the 1936 election, as a third-party candidate. Instead, on November 18, 1935, he announced his intention to run against longtime incumbent Thomas Schall for one of Minnesota's U.S. Senate seats. His chances improved the next month, when Senator Schall died in office following a road accident, and Elmer Benson, the interim successor to Schall chosen by Olson, promised not to run for the seat in the 1936 election. 
However, Olson's own health was beginning to fail. Having suffered from severe ulcers ever since his election, Olson went to the Mayo Clinic in December 1935 and was diagnosed with stomach cancer. Although the cancer would eventually prove fatal, Olson was not told of the seriousness of his condition, as was the practice of the day.
Thus reassured of his "good health," Olson proceeded to further weaken himself by not only resuming his duties as governor but also beginning to organize his party's state convention and returning to his senatorial campaign. As he stumped across the state, promising to support federal ownership of monopolies, he further weakened his immune system, allowing his cancer to metastasize.
Olson last made a public appearance on June 29, 1936, giving a stump speech in Minnehaha Park in Minneapolis. The next day, he returned to the Mayo Clinic for treatment, but it was too late. He died there on August 22. He was 44 years old.
Monuments.
Since his death, dozens of statues of Olson have been constructed throughout the state, many of which declare him to be the state's "greatest governor."
Shortly after Olson died, Minnesota State Highway 55 (a highway that was then being constructed) was renamed the "Floyd B. Olson Memorial Highway" in his honor. A proposal by the Taxpayers League in late 2004 to rename the highway after the recently deceased President Ronald Reagan met with widespread public condemnation and was soon abandoned.
In 1974, Olson's home at 1914 West 49th Street in Minneapolis was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Further reading.
"The Political Career of Floyd B. Olson" by George H. Mayer, The University of Minnesota Press (1951)

</doc>
<doc id="19287632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287632" title="Sonny Okosun">
Sonny Okosun

Sonny Okosun (January 1, 1947 in Enugu, Nigeria – May 24, 2008 in Washington DC) was a musician from Nigeria. His surname is sometimes spelled Okosuns and first name Sunny. He was one of the leading Nigerian musicians from the late 1970s to mid '80s.
His first band, The Postmen, was formed in Enugu in 1965. In 1969 he joined Melody Maestros, a band led by Victor Uwaifo. From 1972 to 1974 he led a group known as Paperback Limited and then formed a new band, Ozziddi. From then on, he released several albums either with Ozziddi, or solo recordings. 
His 1977 song, "Fire in Soweto", became a major international hit. He was featured in the anti-apartheid album "Sun City", and his song "Highlife" was in the soundtrack of 1986 film "Something Wild". His mainstream success started to fade in the late 1980s, but he continued his career as a gospel musician under the name Evangelist Sonny Okosun.
He died aged 61 of colon cancer on 24 May 2008 at Howard University Hospital, Washington DC. His musical styles ranged included reggae, highlife, Afro-funk and gospel among others. He made music in the Edo language, Igbo language, Yoruba language and English.

</doc>
<doc id="19287633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287633" title="Training Air Wing, Finnish Air Force">
Training Air Wing, Finnish Air Force

The Training Air Wing (, abbr. "LentoSK", ) is the Finnish Air Force pilot jet aircraft training school. It is located at Kauhava Airport in Kauhava, in Southern Ostrobothnia. The unit trains pilots for the Finnish Defence Forces, as well as for the Finnish Border Guard.
History.
In the beginning, pilots were trained in Helsinki at Santahamina, where there was a sandy airfield, called "Sahara". Until the end of the 1920s, the school mostly used aircraft equipped with floaters. In the 1930s, the pilot training was moved to Kauhava. At the same time, the Finnish Air Force also started to train pilots for the reserve. 
In 2005, it was decided that primary training would be branched off and a new unit was created in Tikkakoski. Its was named into Air Force Academy. Because the name of Kauhava unit had been the same, it was renamed into Training Air Wing - the same name unit had already in 1941-1952.
Current status.
The pilot training starts with a conscript course at the Air Force Academy in Tikkakoski, now a part of Jyväskylä, where initial training is given with the Vinka aircraft. Training is handled by Patria Aviation. Upon completing initial training, some pilots are transferred to the Training Air Wing at Kauhava, where they begin jet training with Hawk aircraft.
In September 2008 the Finnish defence conglomerate Patria and the Finnish Air Force signed a contract, establishing an international flight training center. The facility, called the Nordic Pilot Training Centre, or NPTC, will offer military flight training to foreign customers utilizing Hawk aircraft located at the Kauhava Air Force Base.

</doc>
<doc id="19287637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287637" title="Ken Krippene">
Ken Krippene

Ken Krippene (? – 1980) was a Chicago lawyer turned Hollywood script writer and the author of several books and magazine articles. He worked as an American journalist and travel writer.
Biography.
Krippene was born in Oshkosh, Wisconsin and published work in popular men's magazines including "Sir!", "Argosy","Adventure", "Real Combat Stories" and "Male Magazine" during the 1950s through the 1970s. He also wrote several books on Central and Southern American history and contemporary culture. He was married for twenty years, until his death, to Jane Dolinger, a pin-up model and writer on Incan and Western culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19287665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287665" title="Economy of Portugal">
Economy of Portugal

The Economy of Portugal is of a mixed nature and functions in support of a high income country. The Global Competitiveness Report 2012-2013 edition placed Portugal in the 49th position out of 144 countries and territories.
Most imports come from the European Union (EU) countries of Spain, Germany, France, Italy, and the United Kingdom, while most exports also involve other EU member states. The Portuguese currency is the euro (€) and the country has been a part of the Eurozone since its inception. Portugal's central bank is the "Banco de Portugal", which forms part of the European System of Central Banks, and the major stock exchange is the Euronext Lisbon, which belongs to the NYSE Euronext, the first global stock exchange.
Despite the gradual modernization and relative expansion of the Portuguese educational system since the 1960s, it remained underdeveloped until the 2000s when it achieved recognition for its world-standard practices and trends. However, Portugal has been increasingly targeted by lower-cost producers in Central Europe and Asia for the purpose of foreign direct investment. Such long-term problems have hindered a significant amount of economic growth in Portugal.
The Financial Crisis of 2008 continues to severely affect the Portuguese economy and it shrank for the third consecutive year in 2013. The crisis has caused a wide range of domestic problems that are specifically related to the levels of public deficit, as well as the excessive debt levels, in the economy. Nonetheless, the government faces tough choices in regard to its attempts to stimulate the economy while it also seeks to maintain its public deficit around the EU average. In April 2011, following the decisions of Greece and the Republic of Ireland, Portugal confirmed a financial bailout from the European Union that was worth €78 billion. Predictions stated that the Portuguese economy will not significantly recover until 2014.
Portugal is home to a number of notable leading companies with worldwide reputations, such as Grupo Portucel Soporcel, a major world player in the international paper market; Sonae Indústria, the largest producer of wood-based panels in the world; Corticeira Amorim, the world leader in cork production; and Conservas Ramirez, the oldest operational canned fish producer ; Portugal Telecom which, after the fusion with the Brazilian Oi, with a forecasted 100 million subscribers will become the 2nd largest telecommunications company in Latin America and the 8th largest in Europe, under the corporate name of Corpco; Cimpor, one of the world's 10th largest producers of cement; EDP Renováveis, the 3rd largest producer of wind energy in the world; Jerónimo Martins, retail market leader in Portugal and Poland, and now also investing in Colombia; TAP Portugal, highly regarded for its safety record, and one of the leading airlines linking Europe with Africa and Latin America (namely Brazil).
History.
Portuguese Colonial Empire.
During the Portuguese Empire period, started in the 15th century, until the Carnation Revolution of 1974, the economy of Portugal was centered in trade and raw materials related activities within its vast colonial possessions, mainly in Asia (spices, silk, dyes, porcelain and gems), Africa (ivory, timber, oil and diamonds) and South America (sugar cane, dyes, woods and gold). The country, with a transcontinental empire with plenty of natural resources and vast unexploited areas, was among the most powerful nations in the world.
In 1822, the Portuguese colony of Brazil became an independent country, however, until 1974, Portugal managed to preserve its colonies/overseas territories in Africa, which included Angola and Mozambique, territories that would experience reasonable rates of economic growth until the departure of the Portuguese in 1975.
After a long period of economic divergence before 1914, the Portuguese economy recovered slightly until 1950, entering thereafter on a path of strong economic convergence. Economically, most of the Salazar years (1933–1968) were marked by a period of modest growth and the country remained largely underdeveloped and its population relatively poor and with low education levels well into until the 1960s. Portuguese economic growth in the period 1960–1973 created an opportunity for real integration with the developed economies of Western Europe. Through emigration, trade, tourism and foreign investment, individuals and firms changed their patterns of production and consumption, bringing about a structural transformation. Simultaneously, the increasing complexity of a growing economy raised new technical and organizational challenges, stimulating the formation of modern professional and management teams.
The economy of Portugal and its overseas territories on the eve of the Carnation Revolution (a military coup on 25 April 1974) was growing well above the European average. Average family purchasing power was rising together with new consumption patterns and trends and this was promoting both investment in new capital equipment and consumption expenditure for durable and nondurable consumer goods. The Estado Novo regime economic policy encouraged and created conditions for the formation of large business conglomerates.
The regime maintained a policy of corporatism that resulted in the placement of a big part of the Portuguese economy in the hands of a number of strong conglomerates, including those founded by the families of António Champalimaud (Banco Totta & Açores, Banco Pinto & Sotto Mayor, Secil, Cimpor), José Manuel de Mello (CUF – Companhia União Fabril), Américo Amorim (Corticeira Amorim) and the dos Santos family (Jerónimo Martins). Those Portuguese conglomerates had a business model with similarities to South Korean chaebols and Japanese keiretsus and zaibatsus.
The Companhia União Fabril (CUF) was one of the largest and most diversified Portuguese conglomerates with its core businesses (cement, chemicals, petrochemicals, agrochemicals, textiles, beer, beverages, metallurgy, naval engineering, electrical engineering, insurance, banking, paper, tourism, mining, etc.) and corporate headquarters located in mainland Portugal, but also with branches, plants and several developing business projects all around the Portuguese Empire, especially in the Portuguese territores of Angola and Mozambique.
Other medium sized family companies specialized in textiles (for instance those located in the city of Covilhã and the northwest), ceramics, porcelain, glass and crystal (like those of Alcobaça, Caldas da Raínha and Marinha Grande), engineered wood (like SONAE near Porto), canned fish (like those of Algarve and the northwest), fishing, food and beverage producing, tourism (well established in Estoril/Cascais/Sintra and growing as an international attraction in the Algarve since the 1960s) and in agriculture (like the ones scattered around the Alentejo – known as the breadbasket of Portugal) completed the panorama of the national economy by the early 1970s. In addition, rural areas' populations were committed to agrarianism that was of great importance for a majority of the total population, with many families living exclusively from agriculture or complementing their salaries with farming, husbandry and forestry yields.
Besides that, the overseas territories were also displaying impressive economic growth and development rates from the 1920s onwards. Even during the Portuguese Colonial War (1961–1974), a counterinsurgency war against independentist guerrilla and terrorism, the overseas territories of Angola and Mozambique (Portuguese Overseas Provinces at the time) had continuous economic growth rates and several sectors of its local economies were booming. They were internationally notable centres of production of oil, coffee, cotton, cashew, coconut, timber, minerals (like diamonds), metals (like iron and aluminium), banana, citrus, tea, sisal, beer, cement, fish and other sea products, beef and textiles.
Labour unions were not allowed and a minimum wage policy was not enforced. However, in a context of an expanding economy, bringing better living conditions for the Portuguese population in the 1960s, the outbreak of the colonial wars in Africa set off significant social changes, among them the rapid incorporation of more and more women into the labour market. Marcelo Caetano moved on to foster economic growth and some social improvements, such as the awarding of a monthly pension to rural workers who had never had the chance to pay social security.
The objectives of Caetano's pension reform were threefold: enhancing equity, reducing fiscal and actuarial imbalance, and achieving more efficiency for the economy as a whole, for example, by establishing contributions less distortive to labour markets or by allowing the savings generated by pension funds to increase the investments in the economy.
The military coup of 1974.
The post Carnation Revolution period was characterized by chaos and negative economic growth as industries were nationalised and the negative effects of the decoupling of Portugal from its former territories were felt. Heavy industry came to an abrupt halt. All sectors of the economy from manufacturing, mining, chemical, defence, finance, agriculture and fishing went into free fall.
Portugal found itself overnight going from the country in Western Europe with the highest growth rate to the lowest – in fact it experienced several years of negative growth. This was amplified by the mass emigration of skilled workers and entrepreneurs due to political intimidation, and the costs of accommodating in Portugal thousands of refugees from the former overseas provinces in Africa – the "retornados".
After the Carnation Revolution's turmoil of 1974, the Portuguese economic basis changed deeply. The Portuguese economy had changed significantly by 1973 prior to the leftist military coup, compared with its position in 1961 – total output (GDP at factor cost) had grown by 120 percent in real terms. Clearly, the prerevolutionary period was characterized by robust annual growth rates for GDP (6.9 percent), industrial production (9 percent), private consumption (6.5 percent), and gross fixed capital formation (7.8 percent).
In 1960, at the initiation of Salazar's more outward-looking economic policy due to the influence of a new generation of technocrats with background in economics and technical-industrial know-how, Portugal's per capita GDP was only 38 percent of the EC-12 average; by the end of the Salazar period, in 1968, it had risen to 48 percent; and in 1973, on the eve of the revolution, Portugal's per capita GDP had reached 56.4 percent of the EC-12 average. In 1975, the year of maximum revolutionary turmoil, Portugal's per capita GDP declined to 52.3 percent of the EC-12 average. Convergence of real GDP growth toward the EC average occurred as a result of Portugal's economic resurgence since 1985. In 1991 Portugal's GDP per capita climbed to 54.9 percent of the EC average, exceeding by a fraction the level attained just during the worst revolutionary period. Portugal overtook Greece in terms of GDP per capita in 1992, but fell again below it in 1993, until today.
The growth rate of Portuguese merchandise exports during the period 1959 to 1973 was notable – 11 percent per annum. In 1960 the bulk of exports was accounted for by a few products – canned fish, raw and manufactured cork, cotton textiles, and wine. By contrast, in the early 1970s (before the 1974 military coup), Portugal's export list reflected significant product diversification, including both consumer and capital goods. Several branches of Portuguese industry became export-oriented, and in 1973 over one-fifth of Portuguese manufactured output was exported.
There was a 16-percentage-point increase in the participation of the services sector from 39 percent of GDP in 1973 to 55.5 percent in 1990. Most of this growth reflected the exacerbated proliferation of civil service employment and the associated cost of public administration, together with the contribution of tourism services during the 1980s to the detriment of more sustainable and reproductive activities like manufacturing, exporting and technology/capital-intensive industries.
EU membership (1986).
Membership in the European Communities, achieved in 1986, contributed to stable economic growth and development, largely through increased trade ties and an inflow of funds allocated by the European Union (and before that the European Communities) to improve the country's infrastructure.
Although the occurrence of economic growth and a public debt relatively well-contained as a result of the number of civil servants has been increased from 485,368 in 1988 to 509,732 in 1991, which was a much lower increase than that which will happen in the following years until 2005 marked by irrational and unsustainable State employment, from 1988 to 1993, during the government cabinets led by then Prime Minister Aníbal Cavaco Silva, the Portuguese economy was radically changed. As a result, there was a sharp and rapid decrease in the output of tradable goods and a rise of the importance of the non-tradable goods sector in the Portuguese economy.
After a recession in 1993, the economy grew at an average annual rate of 3.3%, well above EU averages but well behind the growth of the Portuguese economy before the military coup of 1974.
In order to qualify for the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU), Portugal agreed to cut its fiscal deficit and undertake structural reforms. The EMU brought to Portugal exchange rate stability, falling inflation, and falling interest rates. Falling interest rates, in turn, lowered the cost of public debt and helped the country achieve its fiscal targets.
In 1999, it continued to enjoy sturdy economic growth, falling interest rates, and low unemployment. The country qualified for the Economic and Monetary Union of the European Union (EMU) in 1998 and joined with 10 other European countries in launching the euro on 1 January 1999. The three different designs chosen for the national side of the Portuguese euro coins were drawn by the artist Vitor Manuel Fernandes dos Santos. The inspiration came from the three seals of the first king, Dom Afonso Henriques. Portugal's inflation rate for 1999, 2.4%, was comfortably low.
Household debt expanded rapidly. The European Commission, OECD, and others advised the Portuguese Government to exercise more fiscal restraint. Portugal's public deficit exceeded 3% of GNP in 2001, the EU's self-imposed limit, and left the country open to either EU sanctions or tighter financial supervision. The overall rate of growth slowed in late 2001 and into 2002, making fiscal austerity that much more painful to implement.
Portugal made significant progress in raising its standard of living to that of its EU partners. GDP per capita on a purchasing power parity basis rose from 51% of the EU average in 1985 to 78% in early 2002. By 2005 this had dropped to 72% (of the average across all of now 25 EU members, including seven with GDP per capita lower than Portugal) as GDP per capita rose in other EU countries. Unemployment stood at 4.1% at the end of 2001, which was low compared to the EU average.
GDP growth in 2006, at 1.3%, was the lowest not just in the European Union but in all of Europe. In the 2000s, the Czech Republic, Malta and Slovenia overtook Portugal in terms of GDP per capita. From 2010 until 2012, GDP per capita (PPP) in Portugal fell below those of Slovakia (in Europe) and Seychelles (outside Europe). In 2013 it's estimated that the Portuguese GDP per capita will be similar (within minus or plus 1,000 USD per capita) of those of Greece, Estonia and Lithuania. Portugal is now the Developed Country with the lowest GDP per capita, a position which is being reinforced by the demotion of Greece from Developed Country to Emerging market by the MSCI There have been questions about a demotion of Portugal and a similar reclassification of Portugal. The GDP per capita fell from just over 80% of the EU 25 average in 1999 to just over 70% in 2007. This poor performance of the Portuguese economy was explored in April 2007 by The Economist which described Portugal as "a new sick man of Europe".
From 2002 to 2007, the unemployment rate increased 65% (270,500 unemployed citizens in 2002, 448,600 unemployed citizens in 2007). In December 2009, ratings agency Standard and Poor's lowered its long-term credit assessment of Portugal to "negative" from "stable," voicing pessimism on the country's structural weaknesses in the economy and weak competitiveness that would hamper growth and the capacity to strengthen its public finances and reduce debt.
However, the Portuguese subsidiaries of large multinational companies ranked among the most productive in the world, including Siemens Portugal, Volkswagen Autoeuropa, Qimonda Portugal (before the parent company filed for bankruptcy), IKEA, Nestlé Portugal, Microsoft Portugal, Unilever/Jerónimo Martins and Danone Portugal. Many Portuguese companies have grown and expanded internationally since after 1986. Among the most notable Portugal-based global companies are SONAE, Amorim, Sogrape, EFACEC, Portugal Telecom, Jerónimo Martins, Cimpor, Unicer, Millennium bcp, Lactogal, Sumol + Compal, Delta Cafés, Derovo, Critical Software, Galp Energia, EDP, Grupo José de Mello, Sovena Group, Valouro, Renova, Teixeira Duarte, Soares da Costa, Portucel Soporcel, Simoldes, Iberomoldes, Logoplaste and TAP Portugal
Evolution of the number of public employees in Portugal (1979–2013).
In 2008, 12.1% of the employment as a percentage of the labour force worked in the General Government, as opposed to an average of 15.0% in the OECD.
Portuguese financial crisis (2010-onwards).
As of May 2013, the Portuguese Financial crisis is a major political and economic crisis in Portugal that started during the initial weeks of 2010. It is the Portuguese economy's most severe recession since the 1970s.
A report published in January 2011 by the "Diário de Notícias", a leading Portuguese newspaper, demonstrated that during the period of the Carnation Revolution, from 1974 to 2010, the democratic Portuguese Republic governments have encouraged over-expenditure and investment bubbles through unclear public-private partnerships. Consequently, numerous ineffective external consultancy/advising committees and firms were funded, and this facilitated considerable slippage in state-managed public works, inflated top management and head officers' bonuses and wages. Additionally, a recruitment policy eventuated that has boosted the number of redundant public servants.
For almost four decades, the nation's economy has also been damaged by risky credit, public debt creation, and mismanaged European structural and cohesion funds. Apparently, Prime Minister Sócrates's cabinet was unable to forecast or prevent the crisis when symptoms first appeared in 2005, and was later incapable of doing anything to ameliorate the situation when the country was on the verge of bankruptcy in 2011. In 2010, acronyms were widely used by international bond analysts, academics, and the international financial press when referring to the underperforming economies of Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece and Spain.
Four factors that heavily contributed to the financial crisis were:
In April 2011, Portugal confirmed the receipt of a financial bailout from the IMF and the European Union worth €80 billion ($115 billion, £70 billion), following Greece and the Republic of Ireland. Some senior German policymakers publicly stated that emergency bailouts for Greece and future EU aid recipients should be accompanied by harsh penalties, which caused social unrest in Ireland and across Southern European countries, germanophobia, a big increase of euroscepticism and the rise of far-left and far-right parties in Greece (namely SYRIZA, Golden Dawn, among others), as well as the eurosceptic Five Star Movement and Lega Nord in Italy. In May 2007, 65% of the Portuguese tended to trust the EU institutions while 24% tended not to trust them. On the other hand, in November 2012, only 34% tended to trust them, while 59% tended not to trust them (even so, less extreme than Greece or Spain, where 81% and 72% tended not to trust them, respectively). Partly as a result of this disappointed attitude concerning to the EU, Portugal has started to close ties with Africa, Brazil as well as with other Latin American countries, China, USA, Switzerland and other parts of the world, which has been reflected both in the investments, in foreign trade, and even in emigration.
The year 2013 is the final period of the three-year EU aid program and it is anticipated that the conclusion of the EU's support package, worth €78 billion, will leave Portugal with a €12 billion funding gap in 2014.
Government expenditure by function.
According to Eurostat in 2011, the General Government expenditure by main function, as a percentage of Total Expenditure, was as follows (compared to the Eurozone and EU averages):
Also according to Eurostat in 2011, the General Government expenditure by three of the main functions, as a percentage of GDP, was as follows (compared to the Eurozone and EU averages):
According to these data, in 2011, Portugal didn't present any overspending neither on the coverage of social risks (social protection and health) and the slightly high spending on education can be related to a lag between the average qualifications of Portuguese and their European counterparts, resulting in an eventual attempt to overcome that lag. There have been some remarkable progresses towards that objective, since the school dropout rate fell from 43.6% in 2000 to 23.2% in 2011, being this still the 3rd highest in the EU, where the average was 13.5% in the same year.
The functions where the overspending probably existed were in "general public services", specifically those related with compensations to employees, intermediate and final consumptions of the "legislative and executive organs, financial and fiscal affairs and external affairs", some sub-functions in the item "economic affairs", since there was a very intensive public works, notably focused on new motorways, that didn't have a high multiplier effect. It's also worthy to mention item "public order and safety" and "defence", with the compensations to employees and intermediate and final consumptions being quite higher than the EU average. There seems to be have been an overspending on these functions, since Portugal has had only a very discrete role in international conflicts and the crime rate is also quite moderate. There was a big controversy about the purchase of two submarines, whose need has been questioned. Also the expenses in the sub-sunction of "outpatient services", belonging to the "health" function" was very high compared to the EU average, in opposition to the in-patient "hospital services" where the expenses were very low in 2011. It's also very relevant to explain the difficulties in controlling the deficits if we take into account the payments of interests concerning to loans contracted by the State. Having been stable around 3.0% of the GDP until 2010, they jumped to 4.2% in 2011.
Employment and wages.
As of February 2013, the unemployment rate is at 17.6%. The number of unemployed people has increased consistently since 2000 and was estimated to be at around 1 million, by then. It has later decreased to 15.6%, in part due to the massive emigration (the labour force decreased 1.6% in the first 9 months of 2013) that has been verified during the past few years, but also because of the relaxation of the recession and because of other factors, like the previous heavy loss of jobs, the increase of tourism and the volatility of the agricultural sector, where most of the jobs were created.
As of May 2006, over 420,000 people were unemployed in Portugal. The unemployment rate in the country was 7.7%. In 2007 the unemployment rate reached 8.4%, the highest unemployment rate in Portugal since 1987. The average European Union unemployment rate decreased to a record low of 7.3% in 2007. In the Portuguese sub-region of Vale do Ave, the unemployment rate has reached 15%, and in the Península de Setúbal sub-region 12.5%.
Officially, in 2008 the unemployment decreased to 7.3% in the second quarter of 2008. However, it immediately rose again to higher rates. By December 2009, unemployment had surpassed the 10% mark nationwide.
Although being both a developed country and a high income country, Portugal has the lowest GDP per capita in Western Europe and its population has one of the lowest incomes per head among member states of the European Union. According to the Eurostat it had the 6th lowest purchasing power among the 27 member states of the European Union for the period 2005–2007. After having been overtaken by Slovakia, Portugal is now the least developed country among the Developed countries.
Maria da Conceição Cerdeira, one of the authors of a published research study made by the Technical University of Lisbon's ISEG ("Instituto Superior de Economia e Gestão"), explained that "in a generic way, there is not a high intensity of work, or a great psychological pressure" in Portugal, for the mass of common ordinary workers, unlike what happens in Northern Europe or North America. Less pressure does not mean, however, a better job. The last European survey of workers, published in 2007 and which formed the basis of this 2009 research study showed that Portugal is the 5th European country with lower quality of work. A study conducted by Harvard Business School, including 9 EU member-countries, also revealed that Portugal had the 2nd worst managers in that universe, just above Greece, and below Ireland, Poland, Italy, UK, France, Germany and Sweden.
The first quarter of 2013 signified a new unemployment rate record for Portugal, as it reached 17.7 per cent—up from 16.9 per cent in the previous quarter—and the government predicted an 18.5 per cent unemployment rate in 2014.
Wages.
The minimum monthly wage in Portugal is 485 euros and has been stable over the past few years. The average gross wage is 1018 euros (1378 USD, nearly the same as Poland and Croatia), and the average net wage is 805 euros (1090 USD).
Graduate unemployment.
In 2008, about 8 per cent of the people with a degree were unemployed, and a much larger proportion was underemployed. This was directly correlated with a general lack of employability and a student's under-preparation for the workplace that was seen among many courses in a number of fields that were offered by certain higher education institutions or departments. The implementation of the Bologna process and other educational reforms, such as the compulsory closing of a number of courses, departments, colleges and private universities after 2005 due to a lack of academic rigour and low teaching standards, was a completely new approach to tackle the problem.
In 2007 some major private universities were investigated by state agencies and two were immediately closed. Additionally, a number of degrees of the public system were also discontinued due to lack of quality, low demand from potential students or scarce interest from potential employers in these fields. Secondary and post-secondary non-higher education (intermediate education—"ensino médio") that consists of technical and vocational education has been redeveloped since 2007 through the governmental policies of the "XVII Governo Constitucional" (headed by Prime-Minister José Sócrates).
Nearly 100,000 (60,000 in 2008) people with an academic degree are unemployed in Portugal and this group includes a large proportion of young adults.
As of February 2013, the graduate unemployment rate is over 35 per cent, while the number of unemployed workers from the manufacturing, construction and energy sectors, among others, rose by 3.6 per cent in the first quarter of 2013.
Economy by sector.
Fisheries and agriculture now account for about 4% of the GDP, down from approximately 25% in 1960, while still employing 11.4% of the labour force. On the other hand, the tertiary sector has grown, producing 66% of the GDP and providing jobs for 52% of the working population. The remaining 30% of the GDP is mainly produced by the building and energy sectors.
Natural resources.
Natural resources such as forests cover about 34% of the country, namely pine trees (13,500 km2), Cork Oak (6800 km2), Holm Oak (5,340 km2), and Eucalyptus (2,430 km2). Cork is a major production, Portugal produces half of the world's cork. Significant mining resources are lithium, tungsten, tin, and uranium.
Agriculture and fisheries.
A considerable part of continental Portugal is dedicated to agriculture, although it does not represent most of the economy. The south has developed an extensive monoculture of cereals and olive trees and the Douro Valley in vineyards. Olive trees (4,000 km2; 1,545 sq mi), vineyards (3,750 km2; 1,450 sq mi), wheat (3,000 km2; 1,160 sq mi) and maize (2,680 km2; 1,035 sq mi) are produced in vast areas. Portuguese wine and olive oil are especially praised by nationals for their quality, thus external competition (even at much lower prices) has had little effect on consumer demand.
Portugal is a traditional wine grower, and has exported its wines since the dawn of western civilization; Port Wine, "Vinho Verde" and Madeira Wine are the leading wine exporters. Portugal is also a quality producer of fruits, namely the Algarve oranges, cherries (large production in Cova da Beira and Alto Alentejo), and Oeste region's "pêra rocha" (a type of pear). Other exports include horticulture and floriculture products, beet sugar, sunflower oil, cork, and tobacco.
The Portuguese fishing industry is fairly large and diversified. Fishing vessels classified according to the area in which they operate, can be divided into local fishing vessels, coastal fishing vessels and long-distance fishing vessels. The local fleet is mainly composed of small traditional vessels (less than 5 GRT), comprising, in 2004, 87% of the total fishing fleet and accounting for 8% of the total tonnage. These vessels are usually equipped to use more than one fishing method, such as hooks, gill nets and traps, and constitute the so-called polyvalent segment of the fleet.
Their physical output is low but reasonable levels of income are attained by virtue of the high commercial value of the species they capture: octopus, black scabbardfish, conger, pouting, hake and anglerfish. Purse seine fishing is also part of the local fleet and has, on the mainland, only one target species: the sardine. This fishery represents 37% of total landings. Portugal's Exclusive Economic Zone has 1,727,408 km2.
The coastal fishing fleet accounted for only 13% of vessels but had the largest GRT (93%). These vessels operate in areas farther from the coast, and even outside the Portugal's Exclusive Economic Zone. The coastal fishing fleet comprises polyvalent, purse seine and trawl fishing vessels. The trawlers operate only on the mainland shelf and target demersal species such as horse mackerel, blue whiting, octopus and crustaceans.
The crustacean trawling fishery targets Norway lobster, red shrimp and deepwater rose shrimp. The most important fish species landed in Portugal in 2004 were sardine, mackerel and horse mackerel, representing 37%, 9% and 8% of total landings by weight, and 13%, 1% and 8% of total value, respectively. Molluscs accounted for only 12% of total landings in weight, but 22% of total landings in value. Crustaceans were 0.6% of the total landings by weight and 5% by value.
Industry.
The major industries include: oil refineries, petrochemistry, cement production, automotive and ship industries, electrical (mainly from renewable sources) and electronics industries, machinery, pulp and paper industry, injection moulding, plastic products, textile, footwear, leather, furniture, ceramics, beverages and food industry and cork (leader producer). Automotive and other mechanical industries are primarily located in and around Setúbal, Porto, Lisbon, Aveiro, Braga, and Santarém.
Coimbra and Oeiras have growing technological-based industries, including pharmaceuticals and software. Sines has the largest oil refinery in the country and is a major petrochemical centre, as well as the busiest port in the country. Maia has one of the largest industrial parks of the country, including noted wood processing and food industries. Figueira da Foz and Setúbal are major centres of pulp and paper industry. Marinha Grande is the most reputed glass making centre of Portugal. Leiria, Oliveira de Azeméis, Vale de Cambra and Viseu, have important light industries, including injection moulding and plastics.
Modern non-traditional technology-based industries like aerospace, biotechnology and information technology, have been developed in several locations across the country. Alverca, Covilhã, Évora, and Ponte de Sor are the main centres of Portuguese aerospace industry, which is led by Brazil-based company Embraer and the Portuguese company OGMA. Since after the turn of the 21st century, many major biotechnology and information technology industries have been founded and are concentrated in the metropolitan areas of Lisbon, Porto, Braga, Coimbra and Aveiro.
Energy.
Since the late 1990s, when Wind Power was virtually inexistent in Portugal, the country has become the 6th producer of this kind of renewable energy. Along with the traditional Hydroelectric energy, the Portuguese companies, including the biggest one in the country - EDP - and with the support of the government have heavily invested in new kinds of renewable energy, from then on. In 2010, 52% of the energy produced in Portugal was renewable. In 2013, 61,7% of the energy produced was renewable, including 30.4% hydroelectric, 24.1% from wind, 5.2% from biomass, 0.9% solar energy and 1.1% from other renewable energy sources, particularly geothermical energy in the Azores. Thanks to this energetic strategy, during 2013 Portugal had reduced to only 5% the energy that it imports. Fossil fuels are still the source of 38.3% or the energy produced, but the trend is to diminish. In 2013, the increase in the production of clean energy helped to save 806 million Euros in the imports of fossil fuels and CO2 emission licences. From the beginning, Portugal has opted not to invest in Nuclear Power, so there isn't any Plant of that kind in the country.
Services.
The tertiary sector has grown, producing 66% of the GDP and providing jobs for 52% of the working population. The most significant growth rates are found in the trade sector, due to the introduction of modern means of distribution, transport and telecommunications. Financial tertiary have benefited from privatisation, also gaining in terms of efficiency. Tourism in Portugal has developed significantly and generates approximately 5% of the wealth produced in Portugal. Some big Portuguese companies in the services' sector have committed themselves to internationalize their services, like the retailer Jerónimo Martins, which holds the largest supermarket chain in Poland and is also investing in Poland and Portugal Telecom, which has merged with Oi - Telemar Norteleste, S.A., in order to form Corpco, a luso-Brazilian company that will be headquarded in Rio de Janeiro and that will be 2nd largest telecommunications operator in Latin America, and one of the 20 biggest in the world. Worth to notice is also TAP Portugal, a company often used by transit passengers traveling between Europe, Africa and Latin America (mainly Brazil), which is particularly regarded by its safety record.
Financial market.
In the Portuguese financial market, the major stock exchange is the Euronext Lisbon which is part of the NYSE Euronext, the first global stock exchange. It is supervised and regulated by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission. The PSI-20 is Portugal's most selective and widely known stock index. Portugal's central bank is the "Banco de Portugal", which is an integral part of the European System of Central Banks. The largest Portuguese banks are Banco Comercial Português and the state-owned Caixa Geral de Depósitos.
Portuguese banks hold strategic stakes in other sectors of the economy, including the insurance sector. Foreign bank participation is relatively high as is state ownership through the Caixa Geral de Depósitos (CGD). Overall, Portugal's financial system is sound, well managed and competitive, with shorter-term risks and vulnerabilities quite well contained, and with the system buttressed by a strong financial policy framework. Despite being relatively small and concentrated, Portugal's banking system generally compares well with other European Union (EU) countries in terms of efficiency, profitability, and asset quality, with solvency also close to European levels.
Across all the financial sub-sectors, and with particular reference to the larger institutions, supervision of Portuguese financial institutions is active, professional and well organized. The insurance sector has performed well, partly reflecting a rapid deepening of the market in Portugal. While sensitive to various types of market and underwriting risks, both the life and non-life sectors, overall, are estimated to be able to withstand a number of severe shocks, even though the impact on individual insurers varies widely.
Competitiveness.
Portugal's competitiveness in the world.
The Global Competitiveness Report for 2005, published by the World Economic Forum, placed Portugal on the 22nd position, ahead of countries and territories like Spain, Republic of Ireland, France, Belgium and Hong Kong. This table showed that Portugal had stepped two places regarding the 2004 ranking. On the Technology index, Portugal was ranked 20th, on the Public Institutions index Portugal was the 15th best and on the Macroeconomic index, Portugal was placed on the 37th position.
The Global Competitiveness Index 2007–2008 placed Portugal on the 40th position out of 131 countries and territories. and in the 2008–2009 edition, it went even further down as Portugal was placed as the 43rd out of 134 countries and territories.
Competitiveness by city.
A study concerning competitiveness of the 18 Portuguese district capitals, complying with World Economic Forum methodology, was made by Minho University economics researchers. It was published in Público newspaper on 30 September 2006. The best-ranked cities in the study were Évora, Lisbon and Coimbra.,
Ranking:
Education, training and research in business and economic sciences.
There are several higher education institutions awarding academic degrees in economics and business management across the whole country. Almost every polytechnical institute have programmes in management and administration. All state-run universities have programmes in economics. Among the largest and most reputed universities which host an economics department and develop research on economics, are the Technical University of Lisbon (through its "Instituto Superior de Economia e Gestão" – ISEG), ISCTE – Lisbon University Institute, the Portuguese Catholic University at Lisbon (through its "Faculdade de Ciências Económicas e Empresariais" – FCEE), the University of Porto (through its "Faculdade de Economia da Universidade do Porto" – FEP); the New University of Lisbon (through its "Nova School of Business and Economics" – NOVASBE); the Minho University (through its "Escola de Economia e Gestão" – EEG); and the University of Coimbra (through its "Faculdade de Economia da Universidade de Coimbra" – FEUC).
The Financial Times European Business school ranking has consistently placed the Católica Lisbon School of Business and Economics and the Nova School of Business and Economics among the top European business and economics schools. Both the Bank of Portugal and Statistics Portugal develop lengthy and thoroughly systematic research and make reports on the Portuguese economy.

</doc>
<doc id="19287716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287716" title="Canton of Jarnages">
Canton of Jarnages

The Canton of Jarnages is a canton situated in the Creuse département and in the Limousin region of central France.
Geography.
An area of valleys and plateaux, consisting of woodland and farmland, with the town of Jarnages, in the arrondissement of Guéret, at its centre. The altitude varies from 333m (Domeyrot) to 625m (Saint-Silvain-sous-Toulx) with an average altitude of 427m.
Composition.
The Canton of Jarnage comprises 10 communes and a total of 3257 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).

</doc>
<doc id="19287721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287721" title="Bernie O'Neill">
Bernie O'Neill

Bernard "Bernie" T. O'Neill is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 29th District and was elected in 2003.
Career.
Before entering politics, O'Neill was a special education teacher at William Tennent High School in the Centennial School District for 25 years.
O'Neill served as a township supervisor in Warminster Township, Pennsylvania from 1998 until 2003. His final three years, he served as chairman of the Board of Supervisors.
He was elected to the House in 2002 and won re-election in 2004 and 2006. O'Neill currently serves on the House Education, Judiciary, Labor Relations, and Professional Licensure Committees. He is also a member of the Governor’s Commission on Higher Education and is a member of the Board of Trustees of Bucks County Community College.
Personal.
O’Neill is a resident of Warminster, Pennsylvania and lives with his wife and sister.
Representative O'Neill graduated from William Tennent High School, and received a bachelor’s degree from Penn State University and a master’s degree in education from Temple University.

</doc>
<doc id="19287730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287730" title="Olmstead Street Historic District">
Olmstead Street Historic District

The Olmstead Street Historic District is located along two blocks of that street in Cohoes, New York, United States. It is a microcosm of the city's economy at its peak in the mid- to late 19th century, consisting of a former textile mill complex, a filled-in section of the original Erie Canal, and three long blocks of row houses built for the millworkers.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. Today the row houses still serve as affordable housing.
Properties.
The district is defined as both sides of Olmstead Street between Cayuga and Ontario (also NY 470) streets. This area is just to the northwest of the larger Downtown Cohoes Historic District. 
The 18 buildings included in this 10-acre (4 ha) area are the houses and the former Ogden Mills complex, with its own parking lot, known as Ogden Mills Plaza. Between the street and the plaza is a grassy strip that was part of the original alignment of the Erie Canal. Today it has been made into a park, with playgrounds and other facilities.
The mill complex consists of three sections. The north and south wings are both three and a half stories tall with gabled roofs, corbeled cornices and a square tower rising from their 24-bay west facades. The seven-bay central section, built later, comes to a full four stories. Both of its facades project slightly. It has a low-pitched gable roof and a modillioned cornice. There are two outbuildings.
The rowhouses across the street are in three blocks. All are three stories high and built of brick on rubblestone foundations, but there are some differences. The longest is the northernmost, at 42 bays. It has dormer windows and stone-trimmed windows. It extends from Cayuga to Van Vechten Street, where the 15-bay middle block begins on the opposite corner. Its buildings are flat-roofed and have wood-trimmed windows. Connected to it at its south end is the 18-bay south block, with gabled roofs, seven chimneys and a corbeled cornice.
History.
In the late 1830s the Erie Canal, built two decades earlier, had become so successful that its management found it necessary to build the Enlarged Erie Canal to handle larger vessels. They abandoned the original route for one that ran to the west of the present-day city. The Cohoes Company, which operated a smaller, local canal system that provided water power to the industry attracted to the area by the canal, took over the former route. 
The company built the north and south sections of the mill first, in 1844 and 1846 respectively. The houses were built across a new street named for company agent Charles A. Olmstead, who had supervised the original power canal construction. By 1847 the Ogden Mills were the city's leading producer of woven cotton.
That changed quickly. An 1849 strike over a 15% wage cut ended after three weeks when workers feared losing their jobs to replacements that Olmstead had advertised for, but the company failed in 1851. Harmony Mills bought the plant and expanded it in 1859 with the middle section. By the later years of the century it was part of one of the largest cotton-production actions in the country.
The mill continued to be used for clothing manufacture until the late 20th century. Today it has been converted into a mixed-use complex with apartments, retail and office space. The house blocks are now Section 8 affordable housing. 
Currently.
These buildings have currently been turned into projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19287734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287734" title="Afghan detainees at Guantanamo Bay">
Afghan detainees at Guantanamo Bay

According to the United States Department of Defense, it held more than two hundred Afghan detainees in Guantanamo prior to May 15, 2006. They had been captured and classified as enemy combatants in warfare following the US and allies invasion of Afghanistan to overthrow the Taliban and disrupt terrorist networks. Originally the US held such prisoners in sites in Afghanistan, but needed a facility to detain them where they could be interrogated. It opened the Guantanamo Bay detention camp on January 11, 2002 and transported the enemy combatants there.
The United States Supreme Court's ruled in "Rasul v. Bush" (2004) that the detainees had the right of "habeas corpus" to challenge their detention under the US Constitution. That summer, the Department of Defense stopped transferring detained men and boys to Guantanamo. On September 6, 2006 United States President George W. Bush announced the transfer of 14 high value detainees to Guantanamo, including several Afghans. Other Afghans have been transferred to the camp since then.

</doc>
<doc id="19287743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287743" title="Erich Woitke">
Erich Woitke

Erich Woitke (29 January 1912 – 24 December 1944) was a fighter pilot 'ace' serving in the German Luftwaffe during World War II.
Early life.
Woitke was born 29 January 1912 in Mülheim, near Duisberg. A gifted all-round athlete, he represented Germany in the Decathlon at the 1936 Berlin Olympics.
Military career.
"Leutnant" Woitke served with the fighter unit 1./J 88 of the Condor Legion during the Spanish Civil War. He recorded his first victory on 27 September 1939, claiming a Republican I-16 "Rata". He claimed 3 more victories, all "Ratas" before returning to Germany. From the early stages of his career until his death, Woitke was considered outspoken, and anti-authoritarian, and his attitude to authority would lead him into conflict with his superiors on numerous occasions. He is reputed to have received the German Cross in Gold from Hermann Göring in person, only to hurl the award on the floor while making disparaging remarks!
World War II.
In February 1940, "Oberleutnant" Woitke was made "Staffelkapitän", 6./JG 3, leading the unit through the Battle of France. On 31 May 1940, he shot down a Royal Air Force (RAF) Bristol Blenheim and then claimed a French Morane-Saulnier M.S.406 near Compigne on 3 June. 
Operating during the Battle of Britain, Woitke claimed 7 victories. On 1 October 1940, Woitke was appointed "Gruppenkommandeur" of II./JG 3. He was then appointed "Gruppenkommandeur" II./JG 52 in late November. He recorded his next victory (his 14th in total) on 14 February 1941, a Spitfire over Maidstone.
Woitke led II./JG 52 east in May 1941 for the invasion of Russia. He claimed two victories on 22 June 1941, the opening day of Operation Barbarossa. The severity of the Russian winter of 1941–42 was such that Luftwaffe operations were virtually halted. By January the pilots and ground personnel of II./JG 52 were pressed into service as infantry to protect their airfields from the sudden Soviet counter offensive in the Rzhev sector. As commander, Woitke was warned of a Soviet incursion on the night of 20 January and was advised by local army commanders to alert the airfield's defensive positions. He apparently ignored the advice and consequently several pilots and ground crew were killed and wounded, including the gruppe adjutant, Oberleutnant Carl Hartmann. Woitke was therefore court-martialled, removed from command and demoted.
In October 1942, Woitke was back in front line service, with II./JG 27 in Africa. He claimed a USAAF P-39 Airacobra on 9 October over El Daba as victory number 23. By January 1943, he was serving with Stab.JG 77 in Tunisia, claiming a Curtiss P-40 on 14 January.
By October 1943, Woitke was part of 2./JG 11 on "Reichsverteidigung" (Defense of the Reich) duties. He claimed his 25th kill, a B-17, on 9 October. He was then transferred to II./JG 300 in early 1944, and shot down a B-24 bomber on 21 February.
In May 1944, Woitke was appointed as Gruppenkommandeur III./JG 1. After the D-Day landings, III./JG 1 was sent to Beauvais as part of the counter to the Allied aerial operations over the beaches in Normandy. On 18 June, Woitke was shot down in aerial combat with a P-38 near Pont Laverne, and although he bailed out of his Bf 109 G-6, he dislocated both shoulders. His injuries hospitalised him until October 1944.
On his recovery, Woitke returned to III./JG 1 which now based at Anklam. On 24 December 1944, Woitke was shot down and killed in aerial combat near Aachen in a dogfight with Spitfires. He was credited with 30 victories, eight on the Russian front, two in Africa, and the rest on the Western Front, including three heavy bombers. His victory total includes four victories claimed in the Spanish Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="19287757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287757" title="Edward Fitzmaurice Inglefield">
Edward Fitzmaurice Inglefield

Rear Admiral Sir Edward Fitzmaurice Inglefield, KBE (1861–1945) was a Victorian Royal Navy officer and later secretary of Lloyd's of London. He gave his name to the Inglefield clip, a device he patented in 1890 for quickly attaching signal flags.
Family.
Edward Fitzmaurice Inglefield born on 10 April 1861 at Wavertree, near Liverpool, Lancashire, the youngest son of Edward Augustus Inglefield (1820–1894), Arctic explorer and Royal Navy admiral. He married Julia Katherine Margaret; in 1891 she submitted a petition for divorce.
Naval career.
Midshipman.
He joined the Royal Navy in 1874 and was promoted to midshipman on 16 March 1876, and joined the "Emerald"-class screw corvette HMS "Tourmaline" on 5 March 1879, probably on the North America and West Indies Station.
Service as a lieutenant.
He was promoted to lieutenant on 3 July 1883. A painting by Lieutenant E F Inglefield survives in the National Maritime Museum entitled "A Pinnace for Chasing Slaves". It seems probable that he served in HMS "London" during her time engaged in the East African anti-slavery campaign of the late 19th century. He served in the Sudan, in the relief of Khartoum in 1884-85 and commanded a torpedo boat during the blockade of Greece in 1886. On 1 September 1888 he was appointed the flag lieutenant to Rear-Admiral St. George Caulfield D'Arcy Irvine.
HMS "Melita" and the Inglefield Clip.
Lieutenant Inglefield was sent to Malta in 1889 to become the first lieutenant of the newly launched HMS "Melita". She did not commission until 27 October 1892, and during the long wait he invented the Inglefield clip, patenting the invention in 1894. The prototype device was fashioned in the naval dockyard in Valletta, and it was so successful that by 1895 it had become standard issue to Royal Navy ships. It is still in use today.
"Victoria" and "Ramilles".
He was appointed as first lieutenant to , flagship of Vice Admiral George Tryon, in April 1893. He was hospitalised by an accident, and was therefore absent from the ship in June when she collided with and was sunk. Tryon was killed in the sinking, and Inglefield was appointed to the new flagship, , flying the flag of Admiral Michael Culme-Seymour. On 30 June 1895 he was promoted to commander, on the same day as his cousin, Frederick Inglefield, was promoted to captain. 
Service as a commander.
He continued to serve in the Mediterranean in the battleships and and in 1899 was appointed in command of on the South America station. He was promoted to captain on 17 July 1901.
Service as a captain.
From 1901 to 1905 he served as Assistant Director of Naval Intelligence, during which time he worked on Trade Division plans for advising ship owners of safe routes in the event of war. The groundwork conducted during this period, and the relationships he formed with mercantile marine operators, came to be crucial during World War I. In 1905 returned to sea to command the "Devonshire"-class armoured cruiser HMS "Antrim", part of the First Cruiser Squadron of the Channel Fleet. He was placed on the retired list on 30 June 1907 and was appointed to the rank of rear admiral on the retired list on 9 March 1911.
Business interests.
On leaving the Navy in 1906, he became the Secretary to Lloyd's of London, retaining the position until 1921. In 1935 he was listed in the "Directory of Directors" as the company chairman of the Rio de Janeiro Lighterage Company Ltd. He was appointed a Commander of the Military Division of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire on 7 January 1918 and elevated to Knight Commander on 1 January 1919.
Masonry.
Inglefield was a freemason, and was for many years a member of the Lutine Lodge, made up of employees of Lloyds. He was the Provincial Grand Master of Buckinghamshire in 1917.
Inventions.
In addition to the Inglefield clip, he continued inventing into later life; in 1923 he submitted Patent GB209652 for improvements to valve arrangements.
Death.
Inglefield died on 19 July 1945 at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="19287781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287781" title="Air Force Academy, Finnish Air Force">
Air Force Academy, Finnish Air Force

The Air Force Academy (, abbr. "IlmaSK"; ) is located at Tikkakoski in Jyväskylä, Finland. It is a Finnish Air Force pilot training school, which gives initial pilot training for conscripts of the Finnish Air Force. The pilots fly Vinka aircraft and training is provided by the Patria Aviation company. Upon completing initial training, some pilots are transferred to the Training Air Wing in Kauhava, where they begin jet training with Hawk aircraft.
Initial pilot training was formerly given in the Air Force Academy in Kauhava, but basic training was branched off as a separate unit and moved to Tikkakoski in 2005. At the same time, the Kauhava unit change its name into Training Air Wing and the new unit in Tikkakoski retained the name Air Force Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19287790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287790" title="Kim Swales">
Kim Swales

Kim Swales is a Professor of Economics at the University of Strathclyde. 
Swales is a graduate of Queens' College, Cambridge; his main research interests are in regional economics. In 1989 he joined the Fraser of Allander Institute to become a key member in an ESRC-funded project to develop a macro-micro model of the Scottish economy (AMOS). 
He has published widely in the field of regional economics, regional modelling and regional policy and until recently was associate editor of "Regional Studies" and is on the management committee of the ESRC Urban and Regional Study Group.
In particular, he has worked with various novel approaches to helping unemployment such as tax breaks on value-added tax.
Swales is a coauthor of an alternative approach to the minimum wage submitted to the European Commission. This provides incentives for a minimum wage without mandating it, by using tax breaks per employee to reduce the value added tax paid by employers. The report of the team's modelling states that this would not only increase employment levels but also increase GDP, i.e. it would reverse any unemployment and deadweight loss effects of a mandated minimum wage, acting as a Pigovian subsidy.

</doc>
<doc id="19287806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287806" title="2000 Cochabamba protests">
2000 Cochabamba protests

The Cochabamba protests of 2000, also known as the Cochabamba Water War or the Water War in Bolivia, were a series of protests that took place in Cochabamba, Bolivia's third largest city, between December 1999 and April 2000 in response to the privatization of the city's municipal water supply company Semapa. The wave of demonstrations and police violence was described as a public uprising against water prices.
The tensions erupted when a new firm, Aguas del Tunari – a joint venture involving Bechtel – was required to invest in construction of long-envisioned dam (a priority of Mayor Manfred Reyes Villa) - so they had dramatically raised water rates. Protests, largely organized through the Coordinadora in Defense of Water and Life, a community coalition, erupted in January, February, and April 2000, culminating in tens of thousands marching downtown and battling police. One civilian, Victor Hugo Daza was killed. On April 10, 2000, the national government reached an agreement with the Coordinadora to reverse the privatization. A complaint filed by foreign investors was resolved by agreement in January 2006.
Economic background.
The restoration of civilian rule to Bolivia in 1982 ended decades of military dictatorships, but did not bring economic stability. In 1985, with hyperinflation at an annual rate of 25 thousand percent, few foreign investors would do business in the country. The Bolivian government turned to the World Bank as a last refuge against economic meltdown. For the next 20 years, successive governments followed the World Bank's provisions in order to qualify for continued loans from the organization. In order to move towards independent development, Bolivia privatised its railways, telephone system, national airlines, and hydrocarbon industry.
World Bank.
The World Bank said that "poor governments are often too plagued by local corruption and too ill equipped to run public water systems efficiently. ...that the use of private corporations opens the door to needed investment and skilled management,"
In a 1999 Public Expenditure Review, the World Bank stated that "no subsidies should be given to ameliorate the increase in water tariffs in Cochabamba". "The New Yorker" reported on the World Bank's motives, "Most of the poorest neighborhoods were not hooked up to the network, so state subsidies to the water utility went mainly to industries and middle-class neighborhoods; the poor paid far more for water of dubious purity from trucks and handcarts. In the World Bank's view, it was a city that was crying out for water privatization."
In a 2002 publication the World Bank acknowledges that one of its loans, the "Major Cities Water and Sewerage Rehabilitation Project", included a condition to privatize the La Paz and Cochabamba water utilities. The privatization was required to allow a two-year extension of the project that was due to close in 1995. The World Bank project that began in 1990 had covered three cities, leading to sharply diverging outcomes: Access increased and service quality improved in Santa Cruz de la Sierra where a successful cooperative provided services, which enjoyed, according to the World Bank, "the reputation as one of the best-managed utilities in Latin America." However, results were mixed in La Paz and poor in Cochabamba. In the latter access to piped water had actually decreased from 70% to 40%, water losses had remained high at 40% and water supply had remained unreliable at about 4 hours a day despite the funds made available by the World Bank to support the public utility. Interestingly, the World Bank did not include a conditionality to privatize water in Santa Cruz where the local utility had been able to improve services, but only in the cities where the utilities had failed to improve services.
The World Bank acknowledges that it provided assistance to prepare a concession contract for Cochabamba in 1997. However, its involvement with water in Cochabamba ended in the same year. At that time the bidding process for the concession had been declared void by the Supreme Court in response to a legal challenge by the municipality of Cochabamba. In the same year the World Bank project in the three cities ended. The World Bank thus was not included any more in the subsequent phase of the privatization. The new concession included the Misicuni project that involved construction of a new dam. The dam had been opposed by the World Bank as being unnecessarily expensive compared to a cheaper alternative, but local politicians favoured the Misicuni project. An alternative, the Corani project, would have supplied water to Cochambamba from an existing dam. The high expected cost of the Misicuni project led to the 38% tariff increase imposed at the beginning of the concession. Had the advice of the World Bank been followed, the construction of the dam would not have been part of the concession, the tariff increase would have been unnecessary and Aguas del Tunari would have had to face competition in its drive to win the Cochabamba concession. Such competition would have made it much more difficult to obtain some of the abusive conditions that were ultimately included in the concession.
The Misicuni project was later pursued by Evo Morales when he became President of Bolivia. It was justified through its benefits for hydropower generation and irrigation in addition to potable water supply for Cochabamba. In 2010 the dam was under construction.
"Aguas del Tunari" consortium.
Prior to privatization the water works of Cochabamba were controlled by the state agency SEMAPA. After pressure from the World Bank, the Bolivian government put SEMAPA up for auction for privatization but not capitalization. Only one party was willing to bid on the project. This was "Aguas del Tunari", a consortium between the British firm International Waters (55 percent) - itself a subsidiary of the construction giant Bechtel Enterprise Holdings (USA) and United Utilities (UK) - the engineering and construction firm Abengoa of Spain (25 percent) and four Bolivian companies (5 percent each) including Constructora Petricevic, Sociedad Boliviana de Cemento (SOBOCE), Compania Boliviana de Ingenieria and ICE Agua y Energia S.A., all involved with the construction and engineering industry. The water network that they envisioned was projected to provide drinking water to all of the people of Cochabamba. This was set to double the existing coverage area and also introduce electrical production to more of the region.
Without regard for its weak bargaining position, the Bolivian government under President Hugo Banzer agreed to the terms of its sole bidder "Aguas del Tunari" and signed a $2.5 billion, 40-year concession "to provide water and sanitation services to the residents of Cochabamba, as well as generate electricity and irrigation for agriculture." Within the terms of the contract the consortium was guaranteed a minimum 15% annual return on its investment, which was to be annually adjusted to the United States' consumer price index. The implementation of "Aguas del Tunari's" program was set to correlate with a government plan to present a $63 million rural development package to peasants with funds for crop diversification, and extending electric and telephone services to remote areas.
Law 2029.
To ensure the legality of the privatization the Bolivian government passed law 2029, which verified the contract with "Aguas del Tunari". To many the law appeared to give a monopoly to "Aguas del Tunari" over all water resources. Many feared that this included water used for irrigation by peasant farmers ("campesinos"), and community-based resources that had previously been independent of regulation. The law was seen as "enabling the sale of water resources that had never really been a part of SEMAPA in the first place." Many became worried that independent communal water systems which had yet to be connected with SEMAPA would be "summarily appropriated by the new concession." By Law 2029, if "Aguas del Tunari" had wanted to, not only could it have installed meters and begin charging at independently built communal water systems, but it could have also charged residents for the installation of those meters. The broad nature of Law 2029 led many to claim that the government would require a license be obtained for people to collect rainwater from their roofs. The first to raise concerns over the scope of the law was the new "Federación Departamental Cochabambina de Regantes" (FEDECOR) and its leader Omar Fernandez. FEDECOR was made up of local professionals, including engineers and environmentalists. They were joined by a federation of peasant farmers who relied on irrigation, and a confederation of factory workers' unions led by Oscar Olivera. Together these groups formed "Coördinator for the Defense of Water and Life", or "La Coordinadora" which became the core of the opposition to the policy.
Rate hike.
As a condition of the contract "Aguas del Tunari" had agreed to pay the $30 million in debt accumulated by SEMAPA. They also agreed to finance an expansion of the water system, and begin a much needed maintenance program on the existing deteriorating water system. Dider Quint, a managing director for the consortium, said "We were confident that we could implement this program in a shorter period of time than the one required by the contract. accomplish this We had to reflect in the tariff increase all the increases that had never been implemented before."
On top of this, in order to secure the contract "Aguas del Tunari" had to promise the Bolivian government to fund the completion of the stalled Misicuni dam project. The dam was purportedly designed to pipe water through the mountains, but the World Bank had deemed it uneconomic. While the consortium had no interest in building the dam, it was a condition of their contract, as it was backed by an influential member of Banzer's megacoalition, the mayor of Cochabamba, Manfred Reyes Villa. An attempt to privatize the water system had been made without the condition of building the dam in 1997, but Reyes Villa had used his influence to quash the deal. Critics of Reyes Villa held that the dam was a "vanity project" which would profit "some of his main financial backers".
The officials in Bolivia for "Aguas del Tunari" were mostly engineers lacking marketing training. They were also foreigners unaware of the intricacies of Bolivian society and economics. Upon taking control the company raised water rates an average of 35% to about $20 a month. While this seemed minuscule in the developed nations that the "Aguas del Tunari" staff had come from, many of their new clients only earned about $100 a month and $20 was more than they spent on food. In complete ignorance of the reality of his situation, a manager for the consortium, Geoffrey Thorpe simply said "if people didn't pay their water bills their water would be turned off." The poor were joined in their protest by January 2000, when middle-class homeowners and large business owners stripped of their subsidies saw their own water bills increase. As anger over the rates mounted, Reyes Villa was quick to distance himself from "Aguas del Tunari".
Protests and state of emergency.
Starting in early January 2000 massive protests in Cochabamba began with Oscar Olivera among the most outspoken leaders against the rate hikes and subsequent water cut-offs. The demonstrators consisted of "regantes" (peasant irrigators) who entered the city either under village banners, or carrying the "wiphala"; they were joined by "jubilados" (retired unionized factory workers) under the direction of Olivera and "cholitas". Young men began to try to take over the plaza and a barricade across incoming roadways was set up. Soon they were joined by pieceworkers, sweatshop employees, and street vendors (a large segment of the economy since the closure of the state-owned tin mines). Anarchists from the middle-classes came from the University of Cochabamba to denounce the World Bank and International Monetary Fund and neoliberalism. The strongest supporters of the demonstration were drawn from the city's growing population of homeless street children.
Protesters halted Cochabamba's economy by holding a general strike that shut down the city for four days. A ministerial delegation went to Cochabamba and agreed to roll back the water rates; still the demonstration continued. On February 4, 2000, thousands marching in protest were met by troops and law enforcement from Oruro and La Paz. Two days of clashes occurred with the police using teargas. Almost 200 demonstrators were arrested; 70 protesters and 51 policemen were injured.
Throughout March 2000 the Bolivian hierarchy of the Roman Catholic Church tried to mediate between the government and the demonstrators. In the meantime, the "Coordinadora" made their own referendum and declared that out of fifty thousand votes, 96% demanded the contract with "Aguas del Tunari" be cancelled. The government's reply was that "There is nothing to negotiate."
In April 2000, demonstrators again took over Cochabamba's central plaza. When the leaders of the "Coordinadora" (including Óscar Olivera) went to a meeting with the governor at his office they were arrested. Though they were released the following day, some, fearing further government action, fled into hiding. More demonstration leaders were arrested, with some being transferred to a jungle prison in San Joaquin, a remote town in the Amazon rainforest on the border with Brazil. The demonstrations spread quickly to other areas including La Paz, Oruro, and Potosí as well as rural areas. The protesters also expanded their demands calling on the government to resolve unemployment and other economic problems. Soon demonstrators had most of the major highways in Bolivia barricaded. The protest even inspired officers in four La Paz police units to refuse to leave their barracks or obey superiors until a wage dispute was settled.
State of emergency.
The Bolivian Constitution allows the President (with the support of his Cabinet) to declare a 90-day state of siege in one or more districts of the nation as an emergency measure to maintain public order in "cases of serious danger resulting from an internal civil disturbance". Any extension beyond 90 days must be approved of by the Congress. Anyone arrested at this time must be released after 90 days unless criminal charges are brought against them before a court. With the roads cut off and fearing a repeat of past uprisings, President Banzer on April 8, 2000 declared a "state of siege". Banzer said, "We see it as our obligation, in the common best interest, to decree a state of emergency to protect law and order." Information Minister Ronald MacLean Abaroa described the rationale for the decree, saying "We find ourselves with a country with access roads to the cities blocked, with food shortages, passengers stranded and chaos beginning to take hold in other cities." The decree suspended "some constitutional guarantees, allowing police to detain protest leaders without a warrant, restrict travel and political activity and establish a curfew." Meetings of over four people were outlawed, and the freedom of the press was curtailed with radio stations being taken over by the military and some newspaper reporters being arrested. The police moved in to enforce the policy with nighttime raids and mass arrests. At one point 20 labor union and civic leaders were arrested. The police's tear gas and rubber bullets were met by the protesters' rocks and Molotov cocktails. Continuing violent clashes between the demonstrators and law enforcement led to internal exile, 40 injuries, and five deaths. International Human Rights Organizations decried the "state of siege" declaration. This was the seventh time since Bolivia returned to democracy in 1982 that the "state of siege" decree had been employed.
On April 9, 2000, near the city of Achacachi, soldiers met resistance to removing a roadblock and opened fire, killing two people (including a teenage boy) and wounding several others. Angry residents overpowered soldiers and used their weapons against military leaders. They wounded Battalion commander Armando Carrasco Nava and army captain Omar Jesus Tellez Arancibia. The demonstrators then found Tellez in hospital, dragged him from his bed, beat him to death and dismembered his body.
Also on 9 April 2000, 800 striking police officers fired tear gas at soldiers (to which the soldiers then fired their weapons in the air). In response the government gave a 50% pay raise to the La Paz police to end the strike. This brought their monthly income up from the equivalent of $80 to $120. The police then returned to enforcement procedures against those still demonstrating. A group of soldiers soon demanded their own raise, declaring that there was racial discrimination in the pay scale. Police in Santa Cruz, the nation's second largest city, also went on strike demanding a raise.
Government view of the demonstrators.
The coca growers of Bolivia led by then-Congressman Evo Morales (later elected President of Bolivia in December 2005) had joined the demonstrators and were demanding an end to the United States-sponsored program of coca eradication of their crops (while coca leaf can be heavily refined and made into cocaine it is used legally by many in Bolivia for teas and for chewing). Seeing the involvement of the coca growers, the Bolivian government claimed that the demonstrators were actually agents or pawns of drug traffickers. Ronald MacLean Abaroa, the Minister of Information, told reporters the demonstrations were the work of drug traffickers trying to stop the government program to eradicate coca fields and replace them with cotton, pineapples, and bananas. He said that "These protests a conspiracy financed by cocaine trafficking looking for pretexts to carry out subversive activities. It is impossible for so many farmers to spontaneously move on their own." MacLean said President Hugo Banzer was worried because "political groups and traffickers are instigating farmers to confront the army." Felix Santos, a leader of the farmers rejected such claims, saying "We are protesting because of higher gasoline and transportation prices and a law that will charge us for the use of water."
Protesters' demands expand.
Teachers of state schools in rural areas went on strike calling for salary increases (at the time they made $1,000 a year).
In the capital city of La Paz students began to fight running battles with police. Demonstrators put up roadblocks of stones, bricks and barrels near Achacachi and Batallas, and violence broke out there as well (one army officer and two farmers were killed and dozens injured). Soldiers and police soon cleared most of the roadblocks that had cut off highways in five of the country's nine provinces.
Resolution.
After a televised recording of a Bolivian Army captain, Robinson Iriarte de la Fuente, firing a rifle into a crowd of demonstrators wounding many and hitting high school student Víctor Hugo Daza in the face, killing him, intense anger erupted. The police told the executives of the consortium that their safety could no longer be guaranteed. The executives then fled from Cochabamba to Santa Cruz. After coming out of four days of hiding, Oscar Olivera signed a concord with the government guaranteeing the removal of "Aguas del Tunari" and turning Cochabamba's water works over to "La Coordinadora". Detained demonstrators were to be released and Law 2029 repealed. The Banzer government then told "Aguas del Tunari" that by leaving Cochabamba they had "abandoned" the concession and declared the $200 million contract revoked. The company, insisting that it had not left voluntarily but been forced out, filed a $40 million lawsuit in the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes, an appellate body of the World Bank, against the Bolivian government, "claiming compensation for lost profits under a bilateral investment treaty." On the day following Víctor Hugo Daza's funeral, Óscar Olivera climbed to his union office's balcony and proclaimed victory to the exhausted crowd. The demonstrators declared that they would not relent until Law 2029 was changed. To get a quorum to amend the law the government even rented planes to fly legislators back to the capital. In a special session on 11 April 2000 the law was changed.
Aftermath.
World Bank and continuing protests.
On 12 April 2000 when asked about the outcome in Bolivia, World Bank President James Wolfensohn maintained that free or subsidized delivery of a public service like water leads to abuse of the resource; he said, "The biggest problem with water is the waste of water through lack of charging."
In Washington, D.C. at the 16 April 2000 IMF and World Bank meetings, protesters attempted to blockade the streets to stop the meeting. They cited the Water Wars in Bolivia as an example of corporate greed and a reason to resist globalization. Oscar Olivera attended the protests, saying, "The people have recaptured their dignity, their capacity to organize themselves - and most important of all, the people are no longer scared."
On 23 April 2002 Oscar Olivera led 125 protesters to the San Francisco headquarters of Bechtel, the only member of "Aguas del Tunari" located in the Americas. Olivera said "With the $25 million they are seeking, 125,000 people could have access to water." Bechtel officials agreed to meet him.
The victory gained the "cocalero" and "campesino" groups international support from anti-globalisation groups. Oscar Olivera and Omar Fernandez have become sought after speakers at venues discussing how to resist resource privatization and venues critical of the World Bank. His actions in the Water Wars raised the profile of Congressman Evo Morales and he became President of Bolivia in 2005. Omar Fernandez joined Morales' socialist party "Movimiento al Socialismo" and became a Bolivian senator.
The Cochabamba protests of 2000 are chronicled by Olivera in his book Cochabamba! Water Rebellion in Bolivia.
Legal settlement.
On 19 January 2006 a settlement was reached between the Government of Bolivia (then under the Presidency of Eduardo Rodriguez Veltze) and "Aguas del Tunari", it was agreed that "the concession was terminated only because of the civil unrest and the state of emergency in Cochabamba and not because of any act done or not done by the international shareholders of Aguas del Tunari". With this statement both parties agreed to drop any financial claims against the other.
Iriarte case.
When no sitting judge would hear the case against Captain Robinson Iriarte, it was transferred to a military tribunal (that had final jurisdiction over which cases it hears). In March 2002, Captain Iriarte was acquitted by the tribunal of any responsibility for the death of Víctor Hugo Daza. After Iriarte's acquittal, he was promoted to the rank of major.
Continued lack of water in Cochabamba.
In the end water prices in Cochabamba returned to their pre-2000 levels with a group of community leaders running the restored state utility company SEMAPA. As late as 2005, half of the 600,000 people of Cochabamba remained without water and those with it only received intermittent service (some as little as three hours a day). Oscar Olivera the leading figure in the protests admitted, "I would have to say we were not ready to build new alternatives." SEMAPA managers say they are still forced to deal with graft and inefficiencies, but that its biggest problem is a lack of money (it can not raise rates, and after Aguas del Tunari was forced out, other international companies are unwilling to give them more loans). Luis Camargo, SEMAPA's operations manager in an interview with the New York Times said they were forced to continue using a water-filtration system that is split between "an obsolete series of 80-year-old tanks and a 29-year-old section that uses gravity to move mountain water from one tank to another." He stated that the system was built for a far smaller city and worried about shrinking aquifers. A system to bring water down from the mountains would cost $300 million and SEMAPA's budget is only about $5 million a year. "The New Yorker" reports "in Cochabamba, those who are not on the network and who have no well, pay ten times as much for their water as the relatively wealthy residents who are hooked up", and with no new capital the situation can not be improved. A local resident complained that water-truck operators "drill polluted water and sell it. They waste a lot of water." According to author Frederik Segerfeldt, "the poor of Cochabamba are still paying 10 times as much for their water as the rich, connected households and continue to indirectly subsidize water consumption of more well-to-do sectors of the community. Water nowadays is available only four hours a day and no new households have been connected to the supply network." Franz Taquichiri, a veteran of the Water War and an SEMAPA director elected by the community, said "I don't think you'll find people in Cochabamba who will say they're happy with service. No one will be happy unless they get service 24 hours a day." Another Cochabamba resident and activist during the unrest summed up her opinion of the situation by saying, "afterwards, what had we gained? We were still hungry and poor."
Aguas de Illimani.
Similar protests took place in La Paz over Aguas de Illimani, a subsidiary of the French multinational Suez. Aguas de Illimani's contract with the state was broken after allegations were made by the Bolivian government that it did not respect all of the clauses of the contract. According to the Bolivian ambassador Pablo Solón Romero, the International Finance Corporation (IFC), part of the World Bank Group, was a share-holder of Aguas de Illimani. The ambassador pointed out that since the case was brought before the ICSID, which is an arm of the World Bank, a conflict of interest arose in this affair.
In popular culture.
The water supply issue in Bolivia was the main theme of the James Bond movie "Quantum of Solace". The movie's story was inspired by the Cochabamba Water Revolt.
"Even the Rain" (Spanish: También la lluvia) is a 2010 Spanish drama film directed by Icíar Bollaín about filmmaker Sebastian (Gael García Bernal) who travels to Bolivia to shoot a film about the Spanish conquest of America. He and his crew arrive in 2000 during the tense time of the Cochabamba water crisis.
The Cochabamba protests were featured in the 2003 documentary film "The Corporation".

</doc>
<doc id="19287820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287820" title="Non ti scordar mai di me (EP)">
Non ti scordar mai di me (EP)

Non ti scordar mai di me () is the debut EP by Italian pop singer Giusy Ferreri, released in Italy on 27 June 2008 by Sony BMG, following Ferreri's participation on the television talent show "X Factor".
It was primarily produced by Fabrizio Giannini, with additional contribution from Tiziano Ferro and Michele Canova.
Recording.
In June 2008 Ferreri, after her participation on the first edition of "X Factor", entered the recording studios to start working on modern versions of classic songs from the '60s and '70s with Lucio Fabbri and his production team. While Fabbri contributed most to the album, the singer also worked with producers Fabrizio Giannini and Michele Canova, songwriter Roberto Casalino, and fellow Italian pop singer Tiziano Ferro.
Reception.
Critical reception of "Non ti scordar mai di me" was generally positive. Many noted that although the album was heavily influenced by an old-school sound, mainly from the '60s, it was able to catch a young aged audience. The EP became one of the best-selling albums of 2008 in Italy: it sold over 50,000 copies in its first week of release and debuted at the top spot of the Italian Albums Chart. As of September 2008, "Non ti scordar mai di me" has been certified four times platinum by the FIMI for shipments of over 300,000 copies.
"Non ti scordar mai di me", being an EP, spawned one single, the title track "Non ti scordar mai di me", which reached number one in Italy for thirteen non-consecutive weeks, making it one of the most successful debuts of the year. It also reached the top thirty in Switzerland and is planned to be released in the rest of Europe during the first quarter of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19287823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287823" title="Jamaican Free Zones">
Jamaican Free Zones

The Jamaican Free Zones are a controversial government free trade zone initiative in Jamaica. Designed to encourage foreign investment and international trade, businesses operating within these zones have no tax on their profits, and are exempted from customs duties on imports and exports (capital goods, raw materials, construction materials, and office equipment) and import licensing requirements. However, they must export 85 percent of their products outside of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM).
There are five Jamaican Free Zones:
Kingston and Montego Bay Free Zones are government owned, while Cazoumar is privately owned. 
Companies outside of the zones can apply for free zone status as Single Entity Free Zones. Created under the Jamaica Export Free Zones Act, the zones are operated by the government. The zones were initially used to promote textile manufacturing and related industries, but the program has been expanded to include information technology, with addition clauses added to the act in 1996. Businesses that operate in the zones must be in the fields of manufacturing, warehousing and storage, distribution, processing, refining, assembly, packaging, or service operations. 
From 1985-1995 the combined export output of the zones in textiles was US$1.31 billion. Around 12,000 people were employed in the textile factories, about 1.6 percent of the total workforce. However since 1995 the industry has been in a serious depression due to structural problems in Jamaica and increased foreign competition.
World Trade Organization rule changes agreed at the Doha Development Round will end export subsidies in 2007.
The free zones have been criticized as United States of America-subsidized sweatshops. The 2001 documentary film "Life and Debt" features interviews with free zone workers, as well as with several prominent critics such as Michael Manley (the former Prime Minister of Jamaica), that support this view.
See also.
Entrepôt
The USA import materials to the free zone, which is then assembled in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="19287828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287828" title="Garcia v. San Antonio Metropolitan Transit Authority">
Garcia v. San Antonio Metropolitan Transit Authority

Garcia v. San Antonio Metropolitan Transit Authority, 469 U.S. 528 (1985), is a United States Supreme Court decision that holds that the Congress has the power under the Commerce Clause of the Constitution to extend the Fair Labor Standards Act, which requires that employers provide minimum wage and overtime pay to their employees, to state and local governments. The decision overruled a previous decision of the Court, "National League of Cities v. Usery", , which had held that such regulation of the activities of state and local governments "in areas of traditional governmental functions" would violate the Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
History.
When Congress passed the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) in 1938, it did not apply either to employees of private transit companies or to employees of state and local governments. Congress extended coverage of the FLSA's minimum wage provisions to employees of private transit companies of a certain size in 1961, then amended the Act to cover some employees of state and local governments in 1966 by withdrawing the minimum wage and overtime exemptions for public hospitals, schools, and mass transit carriers whose rates and services were subject to state regulation. At the same time, Congress eliminated the overtime exemption for all mass transit employees other than drivers, operators, and conductors. Congress later phased out these overtime exemptions when amending the Act in 1974.
The Supreme Court held in "Maryland v. Wirtz", 392 U.S. 183 (1968) that Congress had the authority under the Commerce Clause to extend the FLSA to cover employees of public schools and hospitals. In 1976, however, the Court held in "National League of Cities" that Congress lacked authority to regulate the wages and hours of governmental employees performing "traditional governmental functions." The San Antonio Metropolitan Transit Authority (SAMTA, now known as VIA Metropolitan Transit), which had been observing the overtime requirements of federal law up to that point, responded by informing employees that it was no longer obliged to provide them with overtime pay.
In 1979, the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor took the position that SAMTA's operations were covered by the FLSA because they were not a traditional governmental function. SAMTA then filed suit in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas seeking a declaratory judgment that its transit operations were beyond Congress' power to regulate. The Department of Labor law filed a counterclaim seeking enforcement of the Act. 
Joe G. Garcia and other employees of SAMTA brought their own suit in the same court seeking to recover the overtime pay they claimed they were owed. The court stayed that action but allowed Garcia to intervene as a defendant in the SAMTA declaratory judgment action against the Department of Labor.
Prior rulings.
The United States District Court for the Western District of Texas granted SAMTA the declaratory judgment it sought, ruling that its transit operations were a traditional governmental function and therefore exempt from regulation under "National League of Cities v. Usery". Both Garcia and the Department appealed directly to the Supreme Court, which vacated and remanded the decision for reconsideration in light of its intervening decision in "Transportation Union v. Long Island R. Co.", 455 U.S. 678 (1982), that some transit operations were not a traditional function of government.
On remand, the district court again held for SAMTA, ruling that the historical record showed that, even though local mass transit operations had been largely privately owned in the past, they had also been heavily regulated by state and local governments, creating at least an "inference of sovereignty". Noting that the federal government had historically exempted the operations of state and local governments from federal regulation in many instances, it ruled that refusing to apply the FLSA would not run counter to a century of regulation, as was the case in the railroad industry, and that exemption of state and local governments' operations was, in fact, a supervening federal policy. Called on to draw a distinction between those governmental functions that were traditional and those that were not, the Court analogized the task to Justice Potter Stewart's famous definition of pornography in "Jacobellis v. Ohio", holding that it was impossible to articulate the distinction but "someone knows it when they see it". Both Garcia and the Department of Labor appealed again.
The case.
Supreme Court proceedings.
The case was argued on March 19, 1984. The Court then directed that the parties file additional briefs to address whether "National League of Cities"' interpretation of the Tenth Amendment should be reversed. The case was reargued on October 1, 1984. In its decision, issued February 19, 1985, the Court ruled by a vote of five to four that the concept of "traditional governmental functions" was analytically unsound and that Congress had the power under the Commerce Clause to apply the FLSA to employees of state and local governments.
Blackmun's opinion.
Writing for the majority, Justice Harry Blackmun noted that the courts had not come up with an analytically sound distinction between traditional and non-traditional governmental operations. He noted that the Court had adopted a similar distinction decades earlier in challenges to the federal government's taxation of the operations of state governments, only to reject it as well. The Court denounced any efforts to draw this distinction, whether based on the historical record or on historical grounds, as arbitrary and likely to be suffused with the prejudices of an unelected branch of government as to which governmental functions are proper and traditional and which ones are not.
The Court also rejected the theoretical underpinnings of the National League of Cities v. Usery decision—that the Constitution's recognition of the sovereignty of the states necessarily implies limits on the power of the federal government to regulate their employment relations. In the majority's view, the constitutional grant of authority to Congress to regulate interstate commerce was not qualified by any implied limitation on the right to regulate the activities of the states when they engaged in interstate commerce; on the contrary, the Commerce Clause invalidates state regulations that interfere with commerce, while the Supremacy Clause allows Congress to preempt state laws that conflict with federal law in this area. According to the majority, the framers believed that state sovereignty could be maintained by the peculiar structure they adopted: a Senate in which each state was given equal representation, regardless of its population, an electoral college that gave the states the power to choose electors, and the indirect election of Senators by the legislature of each state prior to the adoption of the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. Noting that the same Congress that extended the FLSA to cover government-run mass transit systems also provided substantial funding for those systems, the Court concluded that the structure created by the framers had indeed protected the states from overreaching by the federal government.
Powell's dissent.
Justice Lewis Powell, joined by Chief Justice Warren Burger, William Rehnquist and Sandra Day O'Connor objected to both the Court's failure to grant "stare decisis" effect to its earlier decision in "National League of Cities" and for reducing the balancing test that the Court adopted in "National League of Cities" into a cruder categorical distinction between traditional and non-traditional governmental functions. Powell's opinion was even more critical of the majority's failure to recognize any limiting role of the Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, accusing it of negating the Court's role in mediating between the two through judicial review of the constitutionality of Congress' intrusions into areas previously left to the states. Powell wrote "The State's role in our system of government is a matter of Constitutional law, not legislative grace."
Rehnquist's dissent.
Justice Rehnquist expressed reservations as to Justice Powell's description of the standard actually adopted by the Court in "National League of Cities" and of the alternative standard proposed by Justice O'Connor, but reiterated his support of both dissenting opinions based on their opposition to the Court's resolution of those constitutional issues in this case.
O'Connor's dissent.
Acknowledging that the changes in the national economy in the past two hundred years had transformed Congress' Commerce Clause power from being a marginal power that served mostly to mediate between the states by eliminating interstate tariffs and other burdens on interstate commerce into a general power that gave Congress essentially unlimited power to regulate in every area of economic life, O'Connor argued for special limitations on this power to protect the states' authority over their own employment relations. She invoked the limiting language of the most expansive interpretations of the Commerce Clause in the Court's decisions of the 1930s and 1940s to argue that the Court retained the power to decide whether a particular exercise of the Commerce Clause authority was necessary and proper to the federal purposes to be achieved. Applying that standard, she, joined by Justices Powell and Rehnquist, would find the FLSA unconstitutional as applied to employees of state and local governments.
The impact of the case.
When the Court confirmed Congress' power to regulate the wage and hour standards applicable to employees of state and local governments, a different, more conservative Congress than the ones that had extended the FLSA to governmental employees in the first place now confronted the complaints from local governments that the Act was too inflexible and expensive to comply with. Congress responded by amending the Act in 1985, allowing governments to offer compensatory time off rather than overtime in some circumstances, creating an exemption for volunteers and excluding certain legislative employees from coverage under the Act. The Act also erased liabilities owed to employees who would not have been covered by the Act as interpreted by the Department of Labor's regulations prior to the Court's decision.
"Garcia" represents in many ways the high-water mark for the Court's expansive reading of the Commerce Clause to favor centralized national government as opposed to the more decentralized version of federalism, in which the Tenth Amendment limits the authority of the federal government vis à vis the states, as envisioned by Justices Rehnquist and O'Connor. While Chief Justice Rehnquist's later opinion in "United States v. Lopez", did not purport to overturn "Garcia", it reasserted the Court's power to set limits on Congress' authority to invoke the Commerce Clause to regulate in areas that have only an insignificant connection with interstate commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="19287834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287834" title="Tornaszentandrás">
Tornaszentandrás

Tornaszentandrás is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County, in Hungary. The name literally means 'Saint Andrew in Torna County'.
Sightseeing.
The major sight in the village is the parish church of Saint Andrew dating back to the Árpád dynasty: it has a double apse. In one of apse stands a statue of the patron saint of miners, Saint Barbara. In the other stands a statue of the patron saint of the church, Saint Andrew. The landowners of the village settled miners from Merano, in northern Italy, and their religious tradition is probably reflected in these apses here in Hungary.
Tornaszentandrás is home to extraordinary landscapes, which are especially breathtaking in the early hours.

</doc>
<doc id="19287837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287837" title="All Saints Pastoral Centre">
All Saints Pastoral Centre

All Saints Pastoral Centre is a conference and retreat centre on the southern outskirts of St Albans, Hertfordshire, England.
The All Saints building was designed by Leonard Stokes in 1899 and built in 1901, originally as a convent for the All Saints sisters. The building was acquired by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster in 1973 and converted to its present use. It was sold to a property developer in 2011 with the sale due to be finalised in 2014.
Design.
The main structure built around a garden and has an inner cloister leading to the meeting rooms. The building has adapted to modern requirements but has retained its original beauty. The centre today caters to both residential and non-residential conferences, meetings and retreats mainly from the religious sector, and has good transport access to the diocese via the M25 motorway and Radlett Mainline station, both close by.
The Comper Chapel.
Attached to All Saints is an example of design by architect Ninian Comper. The first half was completed in 1927. Due to demands for space it was expanded by Ninian's son Sebastian in 1963. In the west end of the Chapel below the Rose window is a Harrison & Harrison organ.
From the roof of the Comper Chapel, accessed via the bell tower, a panorama stretching from Radlett around to St Albans is visible. From the roof the join between the more recent Sebastian and original Ninian chapels can been seen with the use of a cross brace securing the North and South walls.

</doc>
<doc id="19287838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287838" title="West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish">
West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish

West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish, , was a decision by the United States Supreme Court upholding the constitutionality of minimum wage legislation enacted by the State of Washington, overturning an earlier decision in "Adkins v. Children's Hospital", . The decision is usually regarded as having ended the "Lochner era", a period in American legal history during which the Supreme Court tended to invalidate legislation aimed at regulating business.
Facts.
Elsie Parrish, a chambermaid working at the Cascadian Hotel in Wenatchee, Washington (owned by the West Coast Hotel Company), along with her husband, sued the hotel for the difference between what she was paid, and the $14.50 per week of 48 hours established as a minimum wage by the Industrial Welfare Committee and Supervisor of Women in Industry, pursuant to Washington state law. The trial court, using "Adkins" as precedent, ruled for the defendant. The Washington Supreme Court, taking the case on a direct appeal, reversed the trial court and found in favor of Parrish. The hotel appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Judgment.
The Court, in an opinion by Chief Justice Hughes, ruled that the Constitution permitted the restriction of liberty of contract by state law where such restriction protected the community, health and safety, or vulnerable groups, as in the case of "Muller v. Oregon", , where the Court had found in favor of the regulation of women's working hours. 
The "Muller" case, however, was one of the few exceptions to decades of Court invalidation of economic regulation, exemplified in "Lochner v. New York", . "West Coast Hotel" represents the end of that trend, and came about through an unexpected shift in the voting habit of Associate Justice Roberts, who had previously joined the four conservative justices in striking down a similar minimum wage law in New York in the 1936 case Morehead v. New York ex rel. Tipaldo. Coming shortly after President Franklin D. Roosevelt had proposed his court reform bill to weaken the votes of the older, anti-New Deal justices, although the historical record showed that Roberts had voted in favor of Washington State's minimum wage on December 19, 1936, just two days after oral arguments concluded, and that the court was divided 4-4 at this time only because pro-New Deal Associate Justice Harlan Fiske Stone was absent due to an illness. Chief Justice Hughes stated in his autobiographical notes that Roosevelt's attempt to pack the court "had not the slightest effect on our court's decision" and that the delay in the ruling, which was caused only by Stone's absence, led to false speculation that Roosevelt's court-packing proposal successfully intimidated the court into ruling in favor of Washington's minimum wage law. Hughes and Roberts also both acknowledged that because of the overwhelming support that had been shown for the New Deal through Roosevelt's re-election in November of 1936, Hughes was able to persuade Roberts to no longer base his votes on his own political beliefs and side with him during future votes on New Deal related policies In one of his notes from 1936, Hughes wrote that Roosevelt's re-election forced the court to depart from "its fortress in public opinion" and severely weakened its capability to base its rulings on personal or political beliefs. 
Roberts' move was notoriously referred to as "the switch in time that saved nine."
Shortly after leaving the Court, Roberts reportedly burned all of his legal and judicial papers. As a result, there is no significant collection of Roberts' manuscript papers, as there is for most other modern Justices. Roberts did prepare a short memorandum discussing his alleged change of stance around the time of the court-packing effort, which he left in the hands of Justice Felix Frankfurter. Associate Justice Sutherland's dissent contained a thinly veiled admonition of Roberts, as well as an insistence that the Constitution is not subject to the perceived necessities of present-day events (namely, the Great Depression).

</doc>
<doc id="19287841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287841" title="Northwestern National Life Insurance Co. v. Riggs">
Northwestern National Life Insurance Co. v. Riggs

Northwestern National Life Insurance Co. v. Riggs, , was an important United States Supreme Court case dealing with corporations conducting business and the power of individual states to regulate how corporations may conduct business.
Facts.
The conflict within the case involved the payment of a life insurance claim made by Riggs for the estate of Eber B. Roloson against Northwestern National Life Insurance Company which Northwestern refused to pay saying that the deceased had made false statements concerning his medical history. The state of Missouri had in place a series of legislative acts in the period of 1874 and 1889 that basically created a condition on any life insurance contract in which though medical history information may be inaccurate, if the inaccurate information had no bearing on the manner of the deceased's death then any claim must still be paid. If the inaccurate information did bear on the manner of the deceased's death or if there was a dispute concerning whether the information provided bore on the manner of the deceased's death then the matter was for a jury to decide whether the claim should be paid.
Trial.
In a jury trial on a claim by Riggs for the estate of Roloson, Northwestern National requested that the jury be instructed that the Missouri statute "was not applicable to this case, and could not be applied to it consistently with the 14th Amendment of the Constitution of the United States". The jury was not so instructed. The trial resulted in a judgment against the defendant, Northwestern National Life Insurance Company.
Northwestern National appealed the judgment with the position the corporation's due process rights under the Fourteenth Amendment had been violated.
Previous Supreme Court decisions had said that liberty "guaranteed by the 14th Amendment against deprivation otherwise than by due process of law embraces the right to pursue a lawful calling and enter into all contracts proper, necessary, and essential to the carrying out of the purposes of such calling." This interpretation of the Fourteenth Amendment had been applied to corporations as well as to individual people. The Court ruled that the Fourteenth Amendment was not a bar to many state laws that effectively limit a corporation's right to contract business so long as such limits were not unreasonable constraints on trade and due process for resolving conflicts and disputes existed.
Northwestern National's arguments were based on the fact that it was, as a corporation, an artificial "person" and hence subject to the protections afforded "persons" under that amendment, an argument which had been and was later used successfully to declare child labor and minimum wage laws unconstitutional.
Judgment.
The Court ruled to uphold the application of the Missouri statute, saying:

</doc>
<doc id="19287844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287844" title="DNA sequencing theory">
DNA sequencing theory

DNA sequencing theory is the broad body of work that attempts to lay analytical foundations for determining the order of specific nucleotides in a sequence of DNA, otherwise known as DNA sequencing. The practical aspects revolve around designing and optimizing sequencing projects (known as "strategic genomics"), predicting project performance, troubleshooting experimental results, characterizing factors such as sequence bias and the effects of software processing algorithms, and comparing various sequencing methods to one another. In this sense, it could be considered a branch of systems engineering or operations research. The permanent archive of work is primarily mathematical, although numerical calculations are often conducted for particular problems too. DNA sequencing theory addresses "physical processes" related to sequencing DNA and should not be confused with theories of analyzing resultant DNA sequences, e.g. sequence alignment. Publications sometimes do not make a careful distinction, but the latter are primarily concerned with algorithmic issues. Sequencing theory is based on elements of mathematics, biology, and systems engineering, so it is highly interdisciplinary. The subject may be studied within the context of computational biology.
Theory and sequencing strategies.
Sequencing as a covering problem.
All mainstream methods of DNA sequencing rely on reading small fragments of DNA and subsequently reconstructing these data to infer the original DNA target, either via assembly or alignment to a reference. The abstraction common to these methods is that of a mathematical covering problem. For example, one can imagine a line segment representing the target and a subsequent process where smaller segments are "dropped" onto random locations of the target. The target is considered "sequenced" when adequate coverage accumulates (e.g., when no gaps remain).
The abstract properties of covering have been studied by mathematicians for over a century. However, direct application of these results has not generally been possible. Closed-form mathematical solutions, especially for probability distributions, often cannot be readily evaluated. That is, they involve inordinately large amounts of computer time for parameters characteristic of DNA sequencing. Stevens' configuration is one such example. Results obtained from the perspective of pure mathematics also do not account for factors that are actually important in sequencing, for instance detectable overlap in sequencing fragments, double-stranding, edge-effects, and target multiplicity. Consequently, development of sequencing theory has proceeded more according to the philosophy of applied mathematics. In particular, it has been problem-focused and makes expedient use of approximations, simulations, etc.
Early uses derived from elementary probability theory.
The earliest result was actually borrowed directly from elementary probability theory. If we model the above process and take formula_1 and formula_2 as the fragment length and target length, respectively, then the probability of "covering" any given location on the target "with one particular fragment" is formula_3. (Note that this presumes formula_4, which is valid for many, though not all sequencing scenarios). The probability of not covering a given location on the target is therefore formula_5 for a single fragment and formula_6 for formula_7 fragments. The probability of covering a given location on the target with "at least one" fragment is therefore
This equation was first used to characterize plasmid libraries, but is often more useful in a modified form. For most projects formula_9, so that, to a good degree of approximation
where formula_11 is called the "redundancy". Note the significance of redundancy as representing the average number of times a position is covered with fragments. Note also that in considering the covering process over all positions in the target, this probability is identical to the expected value of the random variable formula_12, which represents the fraction of the target coverage. The final result,
remains in widespread use as a "back of the envelope" estimator and predicts that coverage for all projects evolves along a universal curve that is a function only of the redundancy.
Lander-Waterman theory.
In 1988, Eric Lander and Michael Waterman published an important paper examining the covering problem from the standpoint of gaps. Although they focused on the so-called mapping problem, the abstraction to sequencing is much the same. They furnished a number of useful results that were adopted as the standard theory from the earliest days of "large-scale" genome sequencing. Their model was also used in designing the Human Genome Project and continues to play an important role in DNA sequencing.
Ultimately, the main goal of a sequencing project is to close all gaps, so the "gap perspective" was a logical basis of developing a sequencing model. One of the more frequently used results from this model is the expected number of contigs, given the number of fragments sequenced. If one neglects the amount of sequence that is essentially "wasted" by having to detect overlaps, their theory yields
In 1995, Roach published improvements to this theory, enabling it to be applied to sequencing projects in which the goal was to completely sequence a target genome. Michael Wendl and Bob Waterston confirmed, based on Stevens' method, that both models produced similar results when the number of contigs was substantial, such as in low coverage mapping or sequencing projects. As sequencing projects ramped up in the 1990s, and projects approached completion, low coverage approximations became inadequate, and the exact model of Roach was necessary. However, as the cost of sequencing dropped, parameters of sequencing projects became easier to directly test empirically, and interest and funding for strategic genomics diminished
The basic ideas of Lander–Waterman theory led to a number of additional results for particular variations in mapping techniques. However, technological advancements have rendered mapping theories largely obsolete except in organisms other than highly studied model organisms (e.g., yeast, flies, mice, and humans).
Parking strategy.
The parking strategy for sequencing resembles the process of parking cars along a curb. Each car is a sequenced clone, and the curb is the genomic target. Each clone sequenced is screened to ensure that subsequently sequenced clones do not overlap any previously sequenced clone. No sequencing effort is redundant in this strategy. However, much like the gaps between parked cars, unsequenced gaps less than the length of a clone accumulate between sequenced clones. There can be considerable cost to close such gaps.
Pairwise end-sequencing.
In 1995, Roach "et al." proposed and demonstrated through simulations a generalization of a set of strategies explored earlier by Edwards and Caskey. This whole-genome sequencing method became immensely popular as it was championed by Celera and used to sequenced several model organisms before Celera applied it to the human genome. Today, most sequencing projects employ this strategy, often called paired end sequencing.
Post Human Genome Project advancements.
The physical processes and protocols of DNA sequencing have continued to evolve, largely driven by advancements in bio-chemical methods, instrumentation, and automation techniques. There is now a wide range of problems that DNA sequencing has made in-roads into, including metagenomics and medical (cancer) sequencing. There are important factors in these scenarios that classical theory does not account for. Recent work has begun to focus on resolving the effects of some of these issues. The level of mathematics becomes commensurately more sophisticated.
Various artifacts of large-insert sequencing.
Biologists have developed methods to filter highly-repetitive, essentially un-sequenceable regions of genomes. These procedures are important for organisms whose genomes consist mostly of such DNA, for example corn. They yield multitudes of small islands of sequenceable DNA products. Wendl and Barbazuk proposed an extension to Lander–Waterman Theory to account for "gaps" in the target due to filtering and the so-called "edge-effect". The latter is a position-specific sampling bias, for example the terminal base position has only a formula_15 chance of being covered, as opposed to formula_3 for interior positions. For formula_17, classical Lander–Waterman Theory still gives good predictions, but dynamics change for higher redundancies.
Modern sequencing methods usually sequence both ends of a larger fragment, which provides linking information for "de novo" assembly and improved probabilities for alignment to reference sequence. Researchers generally believe that longer lengths of data (read lengths) enhance performance for very large DNA targets, an idea consistent with predictions from distribution models. However, Wendl showed that smaller fragments provide better coverage on small, linear targets because they reduce the edge effect in linear molecules. These findings have implications for sequencing the products of DNA filtering procedures. Read-pairing and fragment size evidently have negligible influence for large, whole-genome class targets.
Individual and population sequencing.
Sequencing is emerging as an important tool in medicine, for example in cancer research. Here, the ability to detect heterozygous mutations is important and this can only be done if the sequence of the diploid genome is obtained. In the pioneering efforts to sequence individuals, Levy "et al." and Wheeler "et al.", who sequenced Craig Venter and Jim Watson, respectively, outlined models for covering both alleles in a genome. Wendl and Wilson followed with a more general theory that allowed for an arbitrary number of coverings of each allele and arbitrary ploidy. These results point to the general conclusion that the amount of data needed for such projects is significantly higher than for traditional haploid projects. Generally, at least 30-fold redundancy, i.e. each nucleotide spanned by an average of 30 sequence reads, is now standard.
However, requirements can be even greater, depending upon what kinds of genomic events are to be found. For example, in the so-called "discordant read pairs method", DNA insertions can be inferred if the distance between read pairs is larger than expected. Calculations show that around 50-fold redundancy is needed to avoid false-positive errors at 1% threshold.
The advent of next-generation sequencing has also made large-scale population sequencing feasible, for example the 1000 Genomes Project to characterize variation in human population groups. While common variation is easily captured, rare variation poses a design challenge: too few samples with significant sequence redundancy risks not having a variant in the sample group, but large samples with light redundancy risk not capturing a variant in the read set that is actually in the sample group. Wendl and Wilson report a simple set of optimization rules that maximize the probability of discovery for a given set of parameters. For example, for observing a rare allele at least twice (to eliminate the possibility is unique to an individual) a little less than 4-fold redundancy should be used, regardless of the sample size.
Metagenomic sequencing.
Next-generation instruments are now also enabling the sequencing of whole uncultured metagenomic communities. The sequencing scenario is more complicated here and there are various ways of framing design theories for a given project. For example, Stanhope developed a probabilistic model for the amount of sequence needed to obtain at least one contig of a given size from each novel organism of the community, while Wendl et al. reported analysis for the average contig size or the probability of completely recovering a novel organism for a given rareness within the community. Conversely, Hooper et al. propose a semi-empirical model based on the Gamma distribution.
Limitations.
DNA sequencing theories often invoke the assumption that certain random variables in a model are independent and identically distributed. For example, in Lander–Waterman Theory, a sequenced fragment is presumed to have the same probability of covering each region of a genome and all fragments are assumed to be independent of one another. In actuality, sequencing projects are subject to various types of bias, including differences of how well regions can be cloned, sequencing anomalies, biases in the target sequence (which is "not" random), and software-dependent errors and biases. In general, theory will agree well with observation up to the point that enough data have been generated to expose latent biases. The kinds of biases related to the underlying target sequence are particularly difficult to model, since the sequence itself may not be known "a priori". This presents a type of "chicken and egg" closure problem.

</doc>
<doc id="19287845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287845" title="Mary Odinga">
Mary Odinga

Mary Odinga is a Kenyan diplomat. She was the Kenyan Ambassador to Japan and Korea and later to Egypt (2003–2006).

</doc>
<doc id="19287850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287850" title="Codex Assemanius">
Codex Assemanius

Codex Assemanius is a rounded Glagolitic Old Church Slavonic canon evangeliary consisting of 158 illuminated parchment folios, dated to early 11th century. Manuscript is of Macedonian provenience of the First Bulgarian Empire.
Codex is named after its discoverer, Italian Maronite scholar and Vatican librarian of Syrian origin Giuseppe Simone Assemani, who discovered it and bought it in Jerusalem in 1736. His nephew Stefano Evodio donated it to the Vatican Library, where the codex is still kept today.
By content its an Aprakos (weekly, service) Gospel. It contains only pericopes, i.e. parts read in the church. At the end of the manuscript there is a Menologium which mentions st. Demetrius, Theodosius, Clement and other saints. The codex is held by many to be the most beautiful Old Church Slavonic book.
First to write about the codex was Mateo Karaman in his work "Identitá della lingua letterale slava" (manuscript, Zadar 1746). Manuscript was published by Franjo Rački (Zagreb 1865, Glagolitic), Ivan Črnčić ("Assemanovo izborno evangjelje"; Rome 1878, published privately, transcribed in Latin), Josef Vajs and Josef Kurz ("Evangeliář Assemanův, Kodex vatikánský 3. slovanský, 2. vols", Prague 1929, ČSAV, phototypical edition) - republished by Josef Kurz in 1966 in Cyrillic transcription. The newest Bulgarian edition is by Vera Ivanova-Mavrodinova and Aksinia Džurova from 1981 ("Asemanievo evangelie"; Sofia: Nauka i izkustvo), with facsimile reproductions.
Manuscript abounds with ligatures. Linguistic analysis has showed that the manuscript is characterized by frequent vocalizations of yers ("ъ" > "o", "ь" > "e"), occasional loss of epenthesis, and "ь" is frequently replaced with hard "ъ", esp. after "r". These are the traits pointing to the Macedonian area, and are shared with Codex Marianus. Yers are also frequently omitted word-finally, and occasionally non-etymologically mixed ("ь" being written after "k" and "g").

</doc>
<doc id="19287865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287865" title="Charles Henry Howell">
Charles Henry Howell

Charles Henry Howell FRIBA (c.1824 – 1905) was the principal architect of lunatic asylums in England during much of the Victorian era. Based in Lancaster Place, London he was a partner in the architects' firm Howell & Brooks.
Howell designed asylums at Beverley (1868–1871), Moulsford, near Wallingford (1868–1870 and 1877), Brookwood (1862–1867), Cane Hill (1883) and Middlesbrough (1893–1898). among others.
He was Consultant Architect to the Lunacy Commission and was Surveyor of Public Buildings for the County of Surrey from 1860–1893.
Between 1886 and 1897, Howell was the assessor for seven large asylum design competitions, when professional concern was expressed "... Giles, Gough & Trollope or G T Hine always seemed to receive the first two premiums - with the result that any new ideas on asylum design were being stultified". 
Other buildings designed by Howell include St Lawrence's Church at Seal Chart, Kent (1867–68), St Leonard's Hill, Windsor, (1875), Ribsden, near Bagshot, Surrey (1876) and Surrey County Hall. He was a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
Howell died on 22 June 1905 at Lynwood, Leatherhead, in Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="19287885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287885" title="String Quartet No. 2 (Haas)">
String Quartet No. 2 (Haas)

Pavel Haas composed his second string quartet, Op. 7, titled "From the Monkey Mountains" (Czech: ""Z opičích hor""), in 1925, three years after he finished his composition studies in Leoš Janáček´s masterclass.
Background.
The title of the quartet is somewhat provocative: in the Czech language, the "Monkey Mountains" used to be the nickname of the Vysočina Region (Moravian Highlands), an area once popular with tourists. The work was premièred in Brno on 16 March 1926, by the Moravian Quartet. The first performance was not well received, however: in the last movement, Haas added a percussionist, in combination with other unusual musical elements, and this daring experiment was not appreciated by the audience. Haas subsequently removed the percussion, though several modern performances and recordings have reinstated it.
Structure.
The composition consists of four movements:
The titles of the four movements give the impression of a series of atmospheric scenes from a summer recreation. The first part opens in a calm atmosphere, and gradually develops into a monumental movement with a rich onomatopoeic structure. The opening theme and tempo of the second movement are closely related to that of the first one, evoking the coach, coachman and horse of the title. The third part, ""Moon and I..."" is the most personal movement of the composition, with a festive climax followed by a return to the atmosphere and material of the opening movement. The closing movement uses folk melodies mixed with jazz elements and with unusual application of the percussion instruments.
The approximate duration of the work is 32 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19287950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287950" title="Jamie Pineda">
Jamie Pineda

Jamie Irene Pineda (born September 27, 1988) is an American pop singer-songwriter and former model. In late 2007, Pineda signed on to be the front woman of the international pop music project Sweetbox staying with the group until 2012. In 2013, she took part in third season of the American music competition series "The X Factor".
Early life.
Pineda is of Mexican descent and grew up in Fall River Mills, California with eight brothers and sisters. Growing up, she played guitar and piano in the church choir while also singing in the school choir. When she was 14, she was offered a contract after an executive heard her singing on the balcony of her grandmother's restaurant. However, her family said she was much too young and they passed on the opportunity. When she was 15, Jamie stood in line to audition for "American Idol" but was 20 days too young to compete. Among her credits, she has performed at a halftime show for the Sacramento Kings game. She has stated before that some of her influences include Mariah Carey, Selena, Etta James and Alicia Keys.
Sweetbox.
After her town raised money for Pineda to move to Los Angeles, she made the move and found herself modeling for an agency to make ends meet, while trying to make it as a musician. In August 2007, the agency informed Jamie about the international pop project Sweetbox looking for a new singer after the last singer, Jade Villalon, left to embark on a solo career. Taking the chance, she auditioned and impressed executive producer Heiko Schmidt. The next day, the then 18-year-old did some test recordings for Heiko in the studio of Bernd Burgdorf. She signed on soon thereafter to become the new front woman of the project.
The Next Generation.
The same month, Pineda got to work and began traveling around the globe to places including Stockholm, Gothenburg, New York City and London. While having songs written for her as the new face of Sweetbox, Pineda also co-wrote tracks with Toby Gad, Georgie Dennis and Derek Bramble. Seeing that they worked so well together, Bramble was chosen as the producer for the album, taking over the spot Geo left vacant after he and Jade Villalon left the project.
In May 2008, Derek and Pineda got to work on the album, entitled "The Next Generation". The duo recorded the album in Los Angeles, California with the help of mix engineer Rob Chiarelli, Derek's longtime partner.
The album's debut single, "We Can Work It Out", was released in April 2009 to Japan and reached #4 on iTunes Pop charts and eventually reached #27 of the Japan "Billboard" Hot 100. Two more singles, "Crash Landed" and "Everything is Nothing", were released from the album.
The album was released to Japan under the Warner Music Japan label in June 2009 and in Korea under the Sony BMG label in November 2009. Pineda promoted the album in Japan in May and June 2009 by visiting radio stations and performing at various events, including the FRESHNESS Warner event which showcased Warner Japan's hottest talent. In July 2009 the album was released via iTunes worldwide. It was the first Sweetbox release in North America since the debut album from the project in 1998.
The album was well received in Japan and had success in Korea. It peaked in the top 10 on several charts for both countries, including #4 on the Oricon International Charts and #1 on several Korean charts.
Diamond Veil.
Pineda started writing for the second album in June 2009, right after her first album release. Through the official Sweetbox website, she had been asking fans what they would like to see on the album. In September 2009, Pineda traveled to Sweden and started working with previous writers on the album. Pineda took a more hands-on role with the writing of this album and has stated she keeps a notebook with her at all times for inspiration. In a November 2009 interview, she stated that with this writing process she has a lot to write about and more emotions were coming out with the writing.
In January 2010, Heiko Schmidt announced that Pineda had finished writing for the album and that the second release from Pineda would be recorded in the coming months and would be released in the second quarter of 2010. He stated that the new album would feature "more uptempo and high energetic songs" than the project's previous release. In February 2010, Pineda traveled to Sweden once again and continued writing and recording. There, she once again collaborated with Didrik and Sebastian Thott, who co-wrote on Pineda's first studio album.
That May it was announced via Pineda's Twitter that the album would be released in September 2010.
However, with lack of promotion and information the album was released on iTunes and Amazon on May 18, 2011. The cover art of the album is different than the Japanese version. The album has kept its original name "Diamond Veil" from the beginning of recording. The album is more upbeat and dance-oriented than the previous effort with Pineda due to that being the main criticism of the last album "The Next Generation".
Pineda posted two videos on Warner Japan's YouTube page talking about songs on "Diamond Veil".
On 12 July, the deluxe version of Diamond Veil was released digitally, containing all the tracks found on the physical version. This version contains new artwork using a photo from "The Next Generation" as a new photo shoot was not done.
Departure from Sweetbox.
After the release of Diamond Veil, Pineda left the group. While she had been somewhat open about not being pleased with how her career with Sweetbox went, it is unclear on what terms she left.
"The X Factor".
In 2013, she auditioned to third season of the American music competition series "The X Factor". She was one of Final 40 named, and one of ten finalists in the Girls category mentored by Demi Lovato, but failed to make it to the live shows.
In the newly introduced "four-chair challenge" broadcast on October 2, 2013, she sang "Don't Speak", a hit from No Doubt and was put in chair as appreciation. However she failed to make it to the Final 16 (final 4 of girls) at the end of the process, when Lovato switched her preferring the performance of Ellona Santiago over hers.
In popular culture.
Her background vocals were used for the song "Stolen" on the 2008 album "I Am" by the German girl group Monrose. Pineda had recorded the song while in Sweden in 2007 but the song was given to Monrose for their third album.
Personal life.
Pineda resides in Redding, California with her two dogs.
Discography.
Albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="19287957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287957" title="John G. Mitchell (general)">
John G. Mitchell (general)

John Grant Mitchell (November 6, 1838 – November 7, 1894) was an Ohio lawyer and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was active in several important campaigns and battles in the Western Theater, including the Chickamauga, Atlanta, and Franklin-Nashville and Carolinas campaigns. He commanded a brigade of veteran infantry in many of these operations.
Early life and career.
Mitchell was born in Piqua, Ohio. He was educated in the common schools and then attended Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio, as a young man. He graduated in 1859 and subsequently studied law in Columbus, Ohio, with the firm Swan, Andrews, and Noble.
Civil War.
Shortly after the outbreak of the Civil War in early 1861, Mitchell enlisted as a private in the first battalion of the Ohio Reserves. On July 27, he was appointed as the first lieutenant and adjutant of the 3rd Ohio Infantry regiment. On December 21, after reenlisting for three-years, he was advanced to captain and took command of his company. He participated in Ormsby M. Mitchel's campaign in Tennessee and Alabama.
In the autumn of 1862, Mitchell helped raise and recruit what became the 113th Ohio Infantry and was appointed as the regiment's lieutenant colonel on September 2. On May 6, 1863, Mitchell continued his progression through the ranks, being elevated to colonel and leading his regiment during the Tullahoma Campaign. In September of that year, Mitchell took command of the 2nd Brigade, 3rd Division, of the Reserve Corps of the Army of the Cumberland. The following month, he became part of the XIV Corps, with which he was associated with for much of the rest of the war.
During the Battle of Chickamauga, Mitchell led a brigade under James B. Steedman which arrived late on the second day and played a leading role in aiding George H. Thomas in holding onto his delaying position atop Horsehoe Ridge. At the Battle of Missionary Ridge near Chattanooga, Tennessee, Mitchell supported Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman's assault column. Later he moved to Ambrose Burnside's relief during the Siege of Knoxville. During the 1864 Atlanta Campaign, Mitchell led the advance on the enemy positions in the Battle of Rocky Face Ridge. His regiment suffered severely at the Battle of Resaca and played a prominent role in the battles of Dallas and New Hope Church. His old 113th lost over a hundred men in the assault on Kennesaw Mountain. Mitchell reported to Thomas and took command of the detached XIV Corps during the Battle of Nashville and the subsequent pursuit of the retreating Confederate army of John Bell Hood.
On January 12, 1865, on the recommendation of General Sherman, the 26-year-old Mitchell was promoted to brigadier general of volunteers, becoming one of the youngest civilian-soldiers to attain that rank without benefit of preparative military training. He participated in one of the war's final major campaigns, the Carolinas Campaign, in the late winter and early spring of 1865. He commanded his brigade at the battles of Averasborough and Bentonville, where his actions halted a major Confederate advance. He was present during the surrender of Confederate General Joseph E. Johnston at Bennett Place in April.
Mitchell then led his men in the Grand Review of the Armies through the streets of Washington, D.C. in early May. In the omnibus promotions following the war, Mitchell received a brevet citation and promotion to major general of volunteers backdated to March 13.
Postbellum career.
Mitchell resigned from the Army on July 3, 1865, and returned home to Columbus, Ohio, to resume his legal career. In October 1862, he married Laura Platt, the daughter of Fanny Hayes Platt and niece of fellow Civil War general (and future Ohio Governor and U.S. President) Rutherford B. Hayes. The couple eventually would have four children—three girls and a boy. Mitchell and Hayes remained good friends for the rest of their lives. Mitchell served as the Register in Bankruptcy, President of the Columbus City Council, and as the Ohio pension commissioner.
John G. Mitchell died in Columbus on the day after his 56th birthday. After a large and well attended funeral, he was interred in Green Lawn Cemetery. His personal and military papers are archived in the collection of the library of the Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Center.
His only son, Grant Mitchell, became a leading character actor in Hollywood, California, in the early 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19287976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19287976" title="Martin Tytell">
Martin Tytell

Martin Kenneth Tytell (December 20, 1913 – September 11, 2008) was an expert in manual typewriters described by "The New York Times" as having an "unmatched knowledge of typewriters". The postal service would deliver to his store letters addressed simply to "Mr. Typewriter, New York". His customers included many notable authors and reporters, many of whom had clung to their manual typewriters long after personal computers became standard.
Tytell was born on December 20, 1913 to Russian Jewish immigrant parents, and grew up in Manhattan's Lower East Side. He worked in a hardware store in his youth and first learned about typewriters at age 15 after disassembling an Underwood 5 typewriter on his gym teacher's desk at Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn and watching it being repaired. He had obtained a contract to maintain typewriters for Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital before graduating from high school. He received his bachelor's from St. John's University in Queens and earned an MBA from New York University, attending college primarily at night.
Tytell met his wife, Pearl, in 1938 after he sold her a typewriter at an office she managed. He died in the Bronx of cancer on September 11, 2008 while also suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
Tytell Typewriter Company.
The Tytell Typewriter Company opened in 1938 at 123 Fulton Street.
In 1941, Tytell created a patented process that allowed him to sell Remington and Underwood Noiseless typewriters that listed for as much as $135 and offer them for sale for $24.95 with a one-year guarantee, and aimed to sell 500 of these typewriters each week. That same year, Tytell developed a coin-operated typewriter that would be available for use in hotel lobbies and train stations for 10 cents per half hour, modeled on a similar device used in Sweden.
Tytell enlisted in the United States Marine Corps during World War II, but was kept out of action due to his flat feet and knowledge of typewriters. In the military he created foreign language typewriters, including French language typewriters for paratroopers who were air-dropped as part of the Invasion of Normandy.
He was in the typewriter repair business for some 70 years, most of which was spent in his Tytell Typewriter Company, located on the second-floor store at 116 Fulton Street since 1963, which advertised itself as offering "Psychoanalysis for Your Typewriter." He worked in a white lab coat and handled typewriters that could produce 145 different languages and dialects and claimed that he had 2 million typefaces in stock. He created typewriters that could print hieroglyphics or musical notes and invented models with carriages that operated in reverse for languages such as Arabic and Hebrew that are written right-to-left. An erroneously inverted character he placed on a Burmese language typewriter became the standard in Burma. Customers included David Brinkley, Dorothy Parker and Andy Rooney, as well as both Dwight D. Eisenhower and Adlai E. Stevenson. In 1980, when David Brinkley needed a Great Primer discontinued by Royal a decade earlier, he was able to find two at Tytell. "How many do you want?" was Tytell's response after Brinkley called. Brinkley bought two, what he described as a lifetime supply.
Forensic analysis.
Alger Hiss was convicted of perjury in 1950 based on evidence that extensively relied on claims that documents passed to Soviet agent Whittaker Chambers had been created on a typewriter Hiss and his wife had owned, after the prosecution showed that the typewriter's unique combination of printing pattern and flaws matched those on the documents in question. Hiss's lawyers then hired Tytell to create a typewriter that would be indistinguishable from the one the Hiss's owned. Tytell spent two years creating a facsimile Woodstock typewriter whose print characteristics would match the peculiarities of the Hiss typewriter, which was used as one of the primary justifications for an unsuccessful appeal of the verdict in the case.
The senior Tytell retired from the typewriter business in 2000, and his son closed the repair shop in 2001, converting the Fulton Street space for use by the forensic document research business that the family operated.
Tytell's son Peter is a forensic document expert, a practice that father and son developed to trace anonymous letters and documents such as wills to their source, using the unique "fingerprint" of each particular typewriter. Peter testified for the prosecution to help gain a conviction in a case that involved documents that were said to connect President John F. Kennedy to Marilyn Monroe and mobster Sam Giancana, and made use of typewriters owned by the Tytell's repair store. His son's expertise was utilized in the investigation of the Killian documents controversy, which involved six documents critical of President George W. Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard and the use of four of these documents which were presented as authentic in a "60 Minutes Wednesday" broadcast aired by CBS on September 8, 2004.
Martin Tytell's daughter, Pamela, earned a Ph.D. from Columbia University in New York City. She lives in Paris, France where she publishes and teaches. Author of numerous articles on psychoanalysis which have appeared in "Encyclopaedia Universalis", "Magazine Littéraire",etc., her book "La Plume sur le Divan: psychanalyse et littérature en France" Aubier-Montaigne, 1982 was translated into Japanese and Italian. She is Maître de Conférences in the French University system and "Grandes Ecoles".

</doc>
<doc id="19288008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288008" title="Kune Biezeveld">
Kune Biezeveld

Kunegonda Elizabeth (Kune) Biezeveld (April 13, 1948, The Hague – September 7, 2008, Hilversum) was a Dutch theologian. She was a member of the Dutch Reformed Church (since 2004 the Protestant Church in the Netherlands).
Biezeveld studied theology at Leiden University. Afterwards she was a minister in Zandvoort, Voorthuizen and in a hospital in Blaricum.
She took her Doctor of Theology in 1996. In the same year she became a lecturer dogmatics and Biblical theology at Leiden University. She became a personal professor in women's studies theology at the same university in 2002.
Biezeveld was especially interested in feminist theology. She had moderate views of this brand of theology and was in favour of a connection with classical theology.
Kune Biezeveld died at the age of sixty due to pancreatic cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19288033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288033" title="Gobbins Path">
Gobbins Path

The Gobbins Path (Irish: "An Gobain meaning "the points of rock"") in Islandmagee, County Antrim, Northern Ireland was a dramatic coastal walk which was a popular tourist attraction in the early 20th century. Plans have been confirmed to re-construct it and open it to the public once again.
Construction and popularity.
Built by Irish civil engineer Berkeley Deane Wise, this scenic path included staircases along the cliffs, dramatic tubular and suspension bridges and caves and tunnels carved through the rock. It eventually stretched more than three miles.
Bridges were constructed in Belfast and floated out from Whitehead on barges before being lifted into position, high above the sea. The first section of the path opened in 1902.
According to an advertisement of the time, the 'new cliff path along the Gobbins Cliffs, with its ravines, bore caves, natural aquariums ... has no parallel in Europe as a marine cliff walk'.
Wise, chief engineer for the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway, tied in promotion of his Gobbins path directly to rail travel. Visitors would arrive at the BNCR station in Ballycarry and then either walk there or be taken onwards by jaunting car. For several decades, until the outbreak of the Second World War, the Gobbins was one of the most popular tourist destinations in Northern Ireland.
Closing of the path.
Wise died in 1906, leaving plans for an extension of the walk which were never realised. Even in its heyday, annual maintenance on the path was a substantial cost. Rockfalls, regular storms and the remote location added to the difficulty. The path was last repainted in 1936.
During the Second World War, the Gobbins was temporarily closed. After the war, the Ulster Transport Authority took on the job of reopening it and strengthening most of the bridges, but in 1954 high costs forced them to abandon the task. For several more years the path remained open despite lack of regular maintenance. It finally closed in 1961 due to coastal erosion.
The Gobbins today (2009).
Although closed, the path is still somewhat accessible. Most of the railings and bridges have collapsed, but it is possible to get as far as the first bridges. At the start of the walk, part of the path is completely missing requiring some climbing or swimming. Another part of the path has disappeared requiring some scrambling.
Planned re-opening.
In June 2012, Larne Borough Council sanctioned a £6 million deal which would lead to the Gobbins Path being reinstated. The Scheme is due to start in autumn 2012. This two-phase plan includes rebuilding the path and bridges plus a new free cliff-top path, visitors' centre, café and playground. The National Trust owns the land and £3.5 million will be provided by the Special EU Programmes Body.
As before, much of the engineering will be constructed off-site and transported to the path by barges. Work will only take place in autumn and winter due to the colonies of nesting sea birds on the cliffs, which are protected during breeding season.

</doc>
<doc id="19288036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288036" title="Irma Kliauzaitė">
Irma Kliauzaitė

Irma Kliauzaitė is a Lithuanian pianist settled in Austria. She has performed internationally. 
Kliauzaite graduated in the Salzburg's Mozarteum in 1996, and was decorated the Mozarteum Foundation's Bernhard Paumgartner-Medal. She has also been awarded the Bösendorfer Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19288050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288050" title="Jonathan Davidson">
Jonathan Davidson

Colonel Sir Jonathan Roberts Davidson, CMG, TD, MSc, MICE (1874–1961) was a British civil engineer and army officer. Davidson pursued a professional career as an engineer which resulted in him being elected president of both the Institution of Civil Engineers and of the Smeatonian Society of Civil Engineers. He also served as an officer in the Territorial Force where he saw combat as a battalion commander in the First World War with the Liverpool Scottish and was twice wounded in action.
Early life.
Davidson was born in 1874 at Liverpool in Merseyside. Although an engineer by profession Davidson also served as an officer in the British Army's Volunteer Force. His was first commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the 8th (Scottish) Volunteer Battalion of the King's Regiment (Liverpool) on 6 February 1901. He received promotion to Lieutenant on 22 November of the same year. Davidson was promoted to Captain on 7 March 1903.
First World War.
When the Volunteer Force was reorganised into the Territorial Force on 1 April 1908 Davidson remained with the Liverpool Scottish, now numbered the "10th", whilst retaining his rank and precedence. He was promoted to Major and subsequently held the temporary rank of Lieutenant-Colonel and command of the battalion from 1914 to 1917. During this time the battalion was called up for regular service in the First World War during August 1914, leaving Britain for Belgium on 1 November 1914. Davidson and the Liverpool Scottish spent much of 1914 and 1915 in trenches in the Ypres area. During the Spring of 1915, whilst at Zillebeeke, Davidson used his civilian engineering expertise to significantly improve his battalion's trenches. Davidson was himself injured during the attack on Bellewaarde Farm on 24–25 May 1915 in the Second Battle of Ypres.
During this period Davidson was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George and his temporary rank was confirmed as substantive on 29 May 1916 with precedence of 19 June 1915. Whilst personally rallying the battalion during the Battle of Guillemont in the Somme area in 1916 Davidson was once again wounded in action. The battalion's medical officer, Noel Chavasse, was also wounded during the battle whilst rescuing injured soldiers and in doing so won the unit's first Victoria Cross (VC). Chavasse would subsequently win their second and last VC at the Third Battle of Ypres in 1917. Davidson spent the remainder of the year convalescing and returned to the battalion in 1917. Later that year he left the unit and returned to Liverpool where he became that city's Chief Engineer.
Davidson temporarily held command of a battalion of the Norfolk Regiment from 14 November 1917. He then transferred back to the Territorial Force Reserves on 9 March 1918, retaining his rank of Lieutenant-Colonel. He relinquished his army commission during demobilisation on 30 September 1921, retaining his rank and being entitled to continue to wear his uniform. After the war he was also awarded the Territorial Decoration for his service.
Post-war.
After the war Davidson joined the Engineer and Railway Staff Corps, an unpaid volunteer unit providing engineering expertise to the British army. He was promoted to Colonel of that corps on 10 August 1938. Davidson was knighted by King George VI on 10 February 1942. He was elected president of the Institution of Civil Engineers, the highest authority in his profession, for the November 1948 to November 1949 session. He was also a member of the Smeatonian Society of Civil Engineers from 1937 and was elected their president in 1955. Davidson died in 1961. The National Portrait Gallery holds five photographic portraits of Davidson in their archives.
The William Girling Reservoir in Chingford was built to a design by Davidson.

</doc>
<doc id="19288053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288053" title="Sortition">
Sortition

In politics, sortition (also known as allotment or the drawing of lots) is the selection of decision makers by lottery. The decision-makers are chosen as a random sample from a larger pool of candidates.
In ancient Athenian democracy, sortition was the primary method for appointing officials, and its use was widely regarded as a principal characteristic of democracy. It is commonly used today to select prospective jurors in common law-based legal systems.
Ancient Athens.
Athenian democracy developed in the 6th century BC out of what was then called isonomia (equality of law and political rights), and sortition was the principal way of achieving this fairness.Also in Ancient Greek mythology,Zeus,Poseidon,and Hades used sortition to determine who ruled over which domain. Zeus got the sky,Poseidon the sea, and Hades the underworld.It was used to pick most of the magistrates for their governing committees, and for their juries (typically of 501 people). Aristotle relates equality and democracy:
In Athens, "democracy" (literally meaning rule by the people) was in opposition to those supporting oligarchy (rule by a few). Athenian democracy was characterised by being run by the "many" (the ordinary people) who were allotted to the committees which ran government. Thucydides has Pericles make this point in his Funeral Oration: "It is administered by the many instead of the few; that is why it is called a democracy."
The Athenians believed sortition to be more democratic than elections and used complex procedures with purpose-built allotment machines ("kleroteria") to avoid the corrupt practices used by oligarchs to buy their way into office. According to the author Mogens Herman Hansen the citizen's court was superior to the assembly because the allotted members swore an oath which ordinary citizens in the assembly did not and therefore the court could annul the decisions of the assembly.
Both Aristotle and Herodotus (one of the earliest writers on democracy) emphasize selection by lot as a test of democracy:
Past scholarship maintained that sortition had its roots in the use of chance to divine the will of the gods, but this view is no longer common among scholars.
Today.
Sortition is commonly used in selecting juries in Anglo-Saxon legal systems and
in small groups (e.g., picking a school class monitor by drawing straws). In public decision-making, individuals are often determined by allotment if other forms of selection such as election fail to achieve a result. Examples include certain hung elections and certain votes in the UK Parliament. Some contemporary thinkers have advocated a greater use of selection by lot in today’s political systems for example reform of the British House of Lords and proposals at the time of the adoption of the current Constitution of Iraq.
Sortition proposals put forward for discussion in the modern world generally relate to the means for selecting a large legislative body (such as the U.S. Congress) from among the adult population at large. One such proposal is C. L. R. James's 1956 essay "Every Cook Can Govern."
A more recent proposal was made by the Marxist economists Allin Cottrell and Paul Cockshott. They propose that, to avoid formation of a new social elite in a post-capitalist society...
Advantages.
A modern advocate of sortition, political scientist John Burnheim, argues for sortition as follows ("Is Democracy Possible?", pp. 124–5):
Disadvantages.
For many political offices as, under a system based on election, it is thought unlikely that those manifestly lacking the requisite skills will be elected to office. According to Xenophon ("Memorabilia" Book I, 2.9), this classical argument was offered by Socrates: 
Methods.
Before the random selection can be done, the pool of candidates must be defined. Systems vary as to whether they allot from eligible volunteers, from those screened by education, experience, or a passing grade on a test, or screened by election by those selected by a previous round of random selection, or from the membership or population at large. A multi-stage process in which random selection is alternated with screening for merit can overcome the risk of selecting those who lack ability or enthusiasm. But, by creating definitions that are not equal to the actual characteristics of the group many of the benefits, like getting realistic data that people continuously choose not to vote (due to lack of enthusiasm) or clear legislation that can be interpreted without special ability, will be compromised. As happens with any researchers data when the data that will be analysed is altered before conclusions are made.
The selection method may need to be carefully designed in order to preserve public confidence that it has not been rigged. The process may be conducted or supervised by a panel themselves selected at random, such as a grand jury being used to administer the random selection of the next grand jury.
One robust, general, public method of allotment is RFC 3797: Publicly Verifiable Nominations Committee Random Selection. Using it, multiple specific sources of random numbers (e.g. lotteries) are selected in advance, and an algorithm is defined for selecting the winners based on those random numbers. When the random numbers become available, anyone can calculate the winners.

</doc>
<doc id="19288059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288059" title="Cui Yuan">
Cui Yuan

Cui Yuan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19288064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288064" title="Get (animal)">
Get (animal)

The get of an animal are the offspring of a particular individual male animal. It is derived from the term "begat", meaning to father offspring. The term is frequently used in livestock raising and informal animal husbandry, notably horse breeding to describe the offspring of a stallion. In show competition, a "get of sire" class evaluates a group of animals who have the same sire and evaluates the consistency with which a given sire is able to pass on desirable characteristics to his offspring. 

</doc>
<doc id="19288097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288097" title="Manami">
Manami

Possible writings.
Manami can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19288103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288103" title="WAYR (AM)">
WAYR (AM)

WAYR is a radio station broadcasting a Christian Talk and Teaching format, licensed to Orange Park, Florida, broadcasting on 550 kHz AM. The station serves the Jacksonville metropolitan area, and is owned by Good Tidings Trust, Inc. 
Programming.
WAYR airs a variety of Christian talk and teaching programs such as; Grace to You with John MacArthur, In Touch with Charles Stanley, Thru the Bible with J. Vernon McGee, Insight for Living with Chuck Swindoll, Love Worth Finding with Adrian Rogers, The Alternative with Tony Evans, Unshackled!, and Back to the Bible.
History.
WAYR began broadcasting on May 26, 1960, and was initially a daytime only station running 1,000 watts, with its transmitter located at 661 Blanding Blvd. in Orange Park, Florida. In 1986 WAYR's transmitter was moved to 2500 Russell Road in Green Cove Springs, Florida where it remains today, and its power was increased to 2,500 watts. WAYR has since added nighttime operations of 65 watts and has increased its daytime power to 5,000 watts.

</doc>
<doc id="19288104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288104" title="Yangiqo‘rg‘on">
Yangiqo‘rg‘on

Yangiqo‘rg‘on is a village in Uzbekistan close to the city of Kokand.
OSM Map

</doc>
<doc id="19288110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288110" title="Pig Bride">
Pig Bride

Pig Bride is a manhwa written and illustrated by KookHwa Huh and SuJin Kim. It is published monthly in Yen Plus.
As an eight-year-old boy, Si-Joon Lee was tricked into fulfilling a prophecy and marrying the mysterious 'Pig Bride' - a young blonde girl who hides her supposedly disfigured face under a pig's-face mask. When Si-Joon turns sixteen, the Bride reappears and causes havoc, interrupting the blossoming romance between Si-Joon and classmate Doe-Doe.
Plot.
Rebellious and spoiled eight-year-old Si-Joon Lee is sent to a summer camp in the mountains by his senator father. He runs away and gets lost but is saved when he finds a house in the middle of nowhere. A mysterious woman who lives there reveals to him that he is part of an ancient prophecy and must marry her daughter, Mu-Yeon, a descendant of the Park family of the 'Park Bride' folktale. The daughter is a small girl of Si-Joon's age who hides her face behind a smiling pig mask. Tempted by food Si-Joon agrees to the marriage. That night, Mu-Yeon tells him she will meet him on his sixteenth birthday.
On his sixteenth birthday, Si-Joon is tracked down by his bride and her sister and bodyguard, Mu-Hwa. A Holy Priest who has been serving Si-Joon's family reveals that the marriage must commence and the prophecy must be fulfilled or Si-Joon will die before the year ends. Si-Joon attempts to live his life normally but begins to experience flash-backs involving his past life and Mu-Yeon.
Later on in the series, Doe Doe starts to fall for Ji Oh Yun, Si Joon's best friend and at the end of the series, it is never officially resolved whether Ji Oh like Mu Hwa or Doe Doe. At the end of the last volume, the authors reveal that Mu Yeon became South Korea's first female president, Si Joon was "working behind the scenes", Ji Oh became a doctor, Mu Hwa became the head of Secret Service, and Doe Doe became a banker.
Release.
Yen Press licensed "Pig Bride" for an English-language release in North America and have been serializing it in the manga anthology "Yen Plus" since August 2009. As of December 2009, three volumes have been published.
Reception.
The series was received negatively by Mangacritic.com where it was listed as fifth on Manga Critic's "The 2009 Manga Hall of Shame Inductees". Mangacritic criticized the series' lack of comedy, art style, and the personality of girls stating the author must hate girls. Kurt Hasseler of Yen Press rebutted Mangacritics review and disagreed on all the points and praised the characters and the art style. Joy Kim of manga life also praised the art style saying the characters were distinctive. She criticized the relationship of the lead couple, Si-Joon Lee and Mu-Yeon Park, saying that Mu-Yeon should not be so sweet and protective of someone who does not return her feelings. Manga life praised the character Ji-Oh Yun as the most interesting character in the series and that his relationship with Mu-Hwa Park is interesting.

</doc>
<doc id="19288116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288116" title="Jean Antoine Rossignol">
Jean Antoine Rossignol

Jean Antoine Rossignol, (7 November 1759, Paris 27 April 1802, Anjouan, an island in the Comores archipelago) was a general of the French Revolutionary Wars.
Life.
Early life.
Rossignol began his "Memoirs", published in 1820 by Victor Barrucand, with the words: "I was not born into a poor family. My father, who died before I was born, was a Bourguignon. He came to Paris and, after some years, he sought to marry. He thus got to know my mother and they married. Of the five children they had, I was the last." In 1774, aged 14, after 3 years' apprenticeship as a goldsmith, Rossignol, full of illusions and wanting to be his own master, left for the provinces. He journeyed by stages, stopping at Bordeaux, La Rochelle and Niort, before regretting his decision to leave Paris after six months and returning there. Faced with difficulties in finding work, he joined the Royal-Roussillon infantry regiment at Dunkirk on 13 August 1775, before the fall of the Ancien Régime.
On the outbreak of the French Revolution, Rossignol was in Paris - in the words of his "Memoirs", "On 12 July 1789 I knew nothing of the Revolution, and did not suspect in any manner that it could hold me in any way." However, he participated in the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 and in the revolutionary days of 20 June and 10 August (he was perhaps the man who shot Galiot Mandat de Grancey on 10 August).
Vendée.
Lieutenant-colonel of the gendarmerie in 1793, général de brigade in the Vendée, under the protection of general Charles Philippe Ronsin, he was made commander-in-chief of the armée de l'Ouest on 27 July 1793. He engaged in widespread looting and reported several successes. He was removed from that role on 23 August 1793 by Léonard Bourdon and Philippe Charles Aimé Goupilleau de Montaigu, but even so was defended by Georges Danton and returned to it on 28 August 1793 by the National Convention, supported by Robespierre and Hébert at the Club des Jacobins in September 1793. He then became commander in chief of the armée des côtes de Brest, armée de l'Ouest and armée des côtes de Cherbourg on 12 November 1793 (22 brumaire year II). He was reestablished in this role several times despite several setbacks and a notorious inability.
As a general Rossignol was accused of incompetence. The plan he proposed to the advocates of the council of war at Saumur was called absurd by Philippeaux and by the soldiers of the armée de Mayence, interested in the outcome. Rossignol insisted and showed that the project that he supported was the only one that could be executed. The votes divided up equally, and he said "I see what I am in - the plan is indisputable, and it was me who was bothering everyone; ah well, I retire : our great decision must not be abased by personal rivalries; I accept serving under the orders of Canclaux, to put an end to all quarrels, if Canclaux wishes to command the march that he imposes." This gesture decided no one and Rossignol, in abstaining from taking part in the second vote, allowed his opponents to triumph in principle—but only in principle, for the turning march that they decided on resulted in the delays that he knew it would and the glorious defeat of the Mayenians themselves. It can be believed that the plan by Rossignol, an ignorant general, was not the best one, but we have an authoritative opinion of some value on the point—that of Napoleon himself. Judging the operations of the War in the Vendee at a distance, he declared that the only party to take to the Council of Saumur was to march directly and en masse, re-stating in several lines the plan proposed by Rossignol. The conduct of general Rossignol in the Vendee war, like that of all the Hebertist generals, was poorly appreciated by historians writing at a distance from the passions of that conflict. The opinion of general Turreau in his "Mémoires pour servir à l’histoire de la Vendée", was the closest to the truth and to the ulterior motives presiding over Rossignol's fate.
Later life.
Finally removed from office by the Comité de Salut Public, in April 1794, following disagreements with Billaud-Varenne during this Montagnard député's mission to Saint-Malo, he retired to Orléans, re-entering civil life. Imprisoned for several days after the Thermidorian Reaction, he was compromised in the conjuration des Égaux of Babeuf, but managed to get himself exonerated before the High Court of Vendôme. He served the French Directory without conviction, all the while continuing (it seemed to him) a clandestine popular militarism in the suburb in which he had been born. After the plot of the Rue Saint-Nicaise, Bonaparte used this chance to rid himself of Rossignol, imprisoning him. Transferred from prison to prison, he was condemned to deportation to the Seychelles in 1801, with other jacobins, then transferred to the Comores. Rossignol died at Anjouan in 1802, but the people refused to believe that their hero had died - it seemed at the time that he had committed suicide of the Fauborg. Rossignol thus survived in souvenirs, and took a position in the legend after the bad 4-volume novel "Le Robinson du Faubourg Saint-Antoine".

</doc>
<doc id="19288123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288123" title="Standards Live">
Standards Live

Standards Live is a live jazz album released by the Keith Jarrett trio in 1987. Originally released by ECM, it has been multiply re-issued, including by Universal/Polygram. The album presents a live performance of pianist Keith Jarrett with Gary Peacock on bass and Jack De Johnette on drums, recorded on July 2, 1985 in Paris, at the Palais des Congrès Studios de la Grande Armée, the second of a two-night engagement at that venue.
Reception.
Jazz commentator Scott Yanow states that "he interplay between the players was constantly impressive." "The Rough Guide to Jazz" describes the concert as "exceptional", singling out the performance of "Too Young to Go Steady" as "one of the most perfect and exultant trio performances in the whole of jazz." In his biography of Jarrett, Ian Carr describes the album as "superlative: the incredible dynamism, the sheer creativity of the three men, the feeling of ecstasy that pervades the whole concert and the interplay and inter-dependence of the trio." Carr singles out "Stella by Starlight" as here "exquisite and gripping".

</doc>
<doc id="19288134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288134" title="Joe Cocker discography">
Joe Cocker discography

John Robert "Joe" Cocker, OBE (born 20 May 1944, Sheffield, England) is an English rock/blues musician, composer and actor who came to popularity in the 1960s, and is most known for his gritty voice, his idiosyncratic arm movements while performing, and his cover versions of popular songs, particularly those of The Beatles. He is the recipient of several awards, including a 1983 Grammy Award for his song "Up Where We Belong", a duet which he performed with Jennifer Warnes. He was ranked No. 97 on Rolling Stone's 100 greatest singers list.

</doc>
<doc id="19288137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288137" title="Tomingal-like peptide">
Tomingal-like peptide

Tomingal-like peptide is a newly discovered protein derivative. 
Currently, this protein is linked to the following symptoms:
Tomingal-like peptide has been confirmed to be found on chromosome 6, near the prolactin gene location, with a similar promoter. Excessive prolactin leads to gynecomastia, as well as microgenitalia. Tomingal-like peptide also leads to delayed or perturbed puberty and development (including microgenitalia, Mullerian duct regression, and Wolfian duct regression).

</doc>
<doc id="19288168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288168" title="Carol Coletta">
Carol Coletta

Carol Coletta is director of ArtPlace, a collaboration of leading national and regional foundations, federal agencies including the National Endowment for the Arts, and major banks to accelerate creative placemaking across the U.S. Previously, she served as President and CEO of CEOs for Cities and host and producer of the nationally syndicated public radio show Smart City. Before moving to Chicago to head CEOs for Cities, she served as president of Coletta & Company in Memphis. In addition, she served as Executive Director of the Mayors’ Institute on City Design, a partnership of the National Endowment for the Arts, United States Conference of Mayors and American Architectural Foundation.
Work and publications.
Carol created and hosted the Memphis Manifesto Summit with Richard Florida, the first gathering of the "creative class" to write their call to action for cities; with economist Joe Cortright she developed a series of papers on talent, where it moves and why. She conceived and wrote the Talent Magnet Report, the first city blueprint aimed at attracting and retaining the creative class; and she co-authored Cultural Development in Creative Communities for Americans for the Arts.
Carol was the host and executive producer of Smart City Radio, a nationally syndicated public radio talk show in which she talks with national and international public policy experts, elected officials, economists, business leaders, artists, developers, planners and others for a discussion of urban issues.
Awards.
Carol was a Knight Fellow in Community Building for 2003 at the University of Miami School of Architecture. Her paper on the Future of Cities, produced for the University of Houston–Clear Lake’s Future Studies program, was selected for presentation to the World Future Society annual meeting. She is a candidate for a Master of Design Methods at the Institute of Design at Illinois Institute of Technology IIT. She is frequently interviewed as an expert on urban issues by national media and is an active speaker on the success formula for cities and creative communities. In 2010, she was named a Senior Fellow of the Design Futures Council. She was named one of the world’s 50 most important urban experts by a leading European think tank.

</doc>
<doc id="19288203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288203" title="Eduardo Diazmuñoz">
Eduardo Diazmuñoz

Eduardo Diazmuñoz is a Mexican conductor, composer and arranger.
He studied piano, cello, percussion, and conducting at the National Conservatory of Music (Mexico). In 1978, 1979 he became associate conductor of the newly founded Mexico City Philarmonic. He assisted in preparation for concertos of Leonard Bernstein and Eduardo Mata. Bernstein invited him to Tanglewood in 1979. In 1980-1982 he went to Paris with Leon Barzin of whom he became assistant.
He made his debut at Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City at 22.
Diazmuñoz has conducted orchestras worldwide. He was nominated in 2000, for a Latin Grammy award in the Best Classical Album Category, for the first volume of his collection "Twentieth Century Mexican Symphonic Music", a four CD collection, making him the first mexican conductor to be nominated. In 2001, he received his second nomination in the same category for his album "Tango Mata Danzón Mata Tango".
He has done 28 recordings for 19 labels.
He is the first Mexican conductor to receive two Golden Discs and a Platinum Disc for the Albums el Tri Sinfónico.

</doc>
<doc id="19288241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288241" title="Illuminated World">
Illuminated World

Illuminated World (formerly Förlaget Illuminated Sweden, AB.) Lidingö, is a Swedish publishing group best known for releasing "Bible Illuminated: The Book". Composed of business executives and headed by Dag Söderberg and Jan Carlzon, the group was formed to foster the Book’s production. Illuminated World has partnerships with both the American Bible Society and Midpoint Trade Books.
"Bible Illuminated: THE BOOK - Nya testamentet".
In 2007, Illuminated World published "Bible Illuminated: The Book", a two-volume glossy release that combines a Swedish translation of the Bible with contemporary photographs in the format of a 300-page glossy magazine, Instead of the Swedish word "Boken", "The Book", English was chosen to sound more challenging and modern. The two volumes were subtitled "Gamla testamentet" and "Nya testamentet". 
The publication was developed following a discussion of the Bible’s readership and accessibility; according to Söderberg, the group decided to reproduce both Testaments "in a magazine style with interesting images and running text instead of chapters, verses… a format most people are familiar with when reading news stories." The first run of "Bible Illuminated: The Book" increased bible sales in the mostly secular Sweden by nearly 50 percent. 
"Bible Illuminated: The Book" (English edition).
The text of the Good News Translation replaces the original Swedish in the English-language version, which was published October 2008. "Bible Illuminated: The Book" and its author Dag Söderberg were featured on the June 4th, 2009 episode of The Colbert Report.

</doc>
<doc id="19288251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288251" title="Joseph Oliver Bowers">
Joseph Oliver Bowers

Joseph Oliver Bowers, SVD (March 28, 1910 – November 5, 2012) was a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church from Dominica, who went to West Africa to serve in the then Gold Coast in 1939. He is credited with having tripled the Catholic population and parishes in Ghana and for substantially increasing the number of Catholic priests and religious laity in the Diocese of Accra. At the time of his death in Ghana, aged 102, he was the second-oldest Roman Catholic bishop and the oldest from the Caribbean.
Biography.
Bowers was born in Massacre, Dominica, to sheriff Montague Bowers (originally from Antigua) and his wife Mary. He was educated at the Dominica Grammar School, before traveling to the United States to attend St. Augustine Seminary, in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi. He was ordained on January 22, 1939, and continued as a priest in the Society of the Divine Word from 1939 to 1952. He was then appointed auxiliary bishop of Accra, Ghana, and Titular Bishop of Cyparissia. Bowers was appointed Bishop of Accra on January 8, 1953, and received his episcopal consecration on April 22, 1953, from Cardinal Spellman at the Church of Our Lady of the Gulf in Bay St. Louis, United States, becoming the first black bishop to be so ordained in the United States. 
In 1957 Bowers founded the congregation of the Sisters of the Handmaids of the Divine Redeemer (HDR) in Accra, which was dedicated to caring and comforting the poor. He was also the founder of St John’s Seminary and College known, as of 2012, as Pope John Senior High School and Minor Seminary. 
In recognition and acknowledgement of his work in Ghana, when the diocese of St. John's-Basseterre in the West Indies was created in 1971 - comprising the islands of Antigua-Barbuda, St. Kitts and Nevis, Montserrat, Anguilla and the British Virgin Islands - Bowers was appointed its first bishop on January 16, 1971, becoming the chief pastor in Antigua. On July 17, 1981, he retired from church office and, after some years spent in Charlestown, Nevis, returned to Dominica, where he lived in Mahaut in the care of his sister, Blossom Ann Reid.
In the 1990s the HDR Sisters, some of whom had periodically visited him in Dominica, invited him back to Ghana,where they cared for him in the town of Agomanya. At the celebrations there for his 100th birthday a guest was Nicholas Liverpool, president of Dominica.
Bowers died at the age of 102 on November 5, 2012, in Agomanya in the Eastern Region of Ghana. He was buried at the Holy Spirit Cathedral, Accra.

</doc>
<doc id="19288257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288257" title="Santa Bárbara, Chihuahua">
Santa Bárbara, Chihuahua

Santa Bárbara is a city and seat of the municipality of Santa Bárbara, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the city had a total population of 8,673.
History.
Santa Bárbara, Chihuahua, was established in 1567 by Spanish conquistador Rodrigo del Rio de Losa during the rule of Francisco de Ibarra, governor of the state of Nueva Vizcaya. The Indians in the region when the Spanish arrived were the Chichimecas who were described as "naked barbarians, very poor and having nothing to eat except roots and prickly pears." The Spanish were attracted to the region by discoveries of silver and Santa Barbara grew from a population of 30 in 1575 to 7,000 in 1600. It was the northernmost outpost of Nueva Espana in the 16th century. Santa Barbara became a wealthy frontier town of slavers, ranchers, miners, adventurers, and priests.
Santa Barbara is located on a tributary of the Conchos River and was the jumping off spot for several expeditions to New Mexico including Chamuscado and Rodriguez in 1581-1582, Antonio de Espejo in 1582-1583, and Juan de Onate in 1597. 
On December 17, 1930, the town was designated a city by an act of the legislature. Today, Santa Barbara is overshadowed by nearby Parral but the extensive mine tailings tell of its former prominence.
Economy.
The municipality produces wood products and nuts from trees such as walnuts, mesquite, junipers, acamos, gatuños, willows and madroños. Fruits grown in the region are peach, pear and apple. These products are being sold worldwide. The city also continues to rely on mining of lead, silver, gold, zinc, fluorite and other minerals. Lead is now the most important mineral produced in this city. The mines collectively occupy 7,180 hectares of the municipality.
Tourist attractions.
Tourists visit caves, mountain ranges, and other natural attraction in the region. The caves have ancient paintings on the cave walls made by early indigenous people who resided here long before the arrival of the Spaniards.

</doc>
<doc id="19288298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288298" title="Blackmoor (supplement)">
Blackmoor (supplement)

Blackmoor is a supplementary rulebook for the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game written by Dave Arneson (with a foreword by Gary Gygax). Its product designation is TSR 2004.
Contents.
"Blackmoor" is the second supplement to the original "D&D" rules, and includes rules for underwater adventures, and hit location rules. "Blackmoor" also introduced the monk and assassin character classes.
The booklet was named for Dave Arneson's original role-playing campaign world, Blackmoor. It has additional rules, monsters, treasure, and the first role-playing game adventure ever published, "The Temple of the Frog". Despite the name, the supplement did not include any information on the setting itself.
"Blackmoor" added two new character classes to the game: the assassin, a thief sub-class; and, the monk, a "monastic martial arts" cleric sub-class, with some attributes of the fighter and thief classes. The book also introduces a hit location system, wherein each individual body part of a character or monster was assigned its own hit points. The odds of hitting any specific body part changed depending on the character's height and weapon reach, and if any individual body part was brought down to zero hit points, the creature would be crippled or killed.
The supplement also introduces rules for underwater adventures. Rules for swimming, equipment weight restrictions when fighting underwater, and the effects of underwater combat on weapons and spells are all covered by this supplement. Blackmoor also includes numerous new water-dwelling and equipment useful for underwater adventures.
Publication history.
Following the release of the original "Dungeons & Dragons" rulesbooks, Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson decided to publish expansions of their respective campaigns. For Arneson, this expansion would be based on his "Blackmoor" campaign, which had originated with the 1971 "Fantasy Supplement" to the Chainmail rules. The "Blackmoor" expansion was published by TSR, Inc. in 1975 as a sixty page digest-sized book. It was the second supplement to the original "Dungeons & Dragons" boxed set and bears the designation "Supplement II", with Gygax's "Greyhawk" preceding it in the same year.
Illustrations were provided by David C. Sutherland III, Mike Bell, Tracy Lesch. The supplement was edited by Tim Kask, who also did development on it.
"The Temple of the Frog" was later revised, expanded, and released as DA2 "Temple of the Frog".
The "Blackmoor" supplement will be reproduced as a premium reprint on November 19, 2013, as part of a deluxe, premium reprint of the original "White Box" which features new packaging in an oaken box. Each booklet will feature new cover art but will otherwise be a faithful reproduction of the original, including original interior art.

</doc>
<doc id="19288305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288305" title="Raad ny Foillan">
Raad ny Foillan

Route and history.
The "" starts and finishes at the Millennium Bridge over Douglas Harbour. The path, which is in length, forms a complete loop around the Manx coast, waymarked with signs showing a gull on a blue background.
The walk was created to mark the Island's "Heritage Year" celebrations in 1986 and generally follows the coast, passing through terrain varying from shingle beaches at the Ayres to over high hills and cliffs. 
The route comprises the following sections:
Flora and fauna.
The coastal sections may provide sightings of seabirds such as kittiwakes, Manx Shearwaters, puffins, guillemots and sea gulls together with grey seals, and at points inland the rare Manx Loaghtan sheep on areas protected by Manx National Heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="19288326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288326" title="Northwest Normal University">
Northwest Normal University

Northwest Normal University () is an institution of higher learning in Lanzhou, Gansu Province of the People's Republic of China.
The predecessor of the Northwest Normal University was the National Beiping Normal University, originating from the Normal College of the Capital Grand Academy founded in 1902 in Beijing. After the Marco Polo Bridge Incident of 1937, National Beijing Normal University moved westward and formed the Northwest Union University, together with National Beiping University and Beiyang Institute of Technology. The former Normal University, as a whole, became the Normal College under the Union University. In 1939, the Normal College dissociated from the Union University and became independent National Northwest Normal College. It was relocated to Lanzhou in 1941. 
After the establishment of the People's Republic of China, the college had been one of six key normal colleges under direct jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education, until 1958 when it became administered by the government of Gansu, and was renamed Gansu Normal University. In 1981, it resumed the name Northwest Normal College, and was in 1988, renamed Northwest Normal University. Currently the university is one of 14 key universities in West China supported by the Ministry of Education, and is a key university in Gansu Province.

</doc>
<doc id="19288339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288339" title="Propaganda (Yugoslav band)">
Propaganda (Yugoslav band)

Propaganda (Serbian Cyrillic: Пропаганда) was a former Yugoslav New Wave band from Belgrade, consisting of former Zvuk Ulice and Bulevar members. The band released only one album, "Apatija javnosti", and disbanded.
History.
Zvuk Ulice.
The roots of Propaganda can be found in the mid-1970s band called Zvuk Ulice. The band was formed in 1976 by Vlada Divljan (guitarist, vocalist), Zdenko Kolar (bass), Kokan Popović (drums), Dragan Mitrić (keyboards), Bora Antić (saxophone) and Dragana Milković (piano, vocals). At first Divljan only played the guitar and later also did vocals.
The band did cover versions of The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix and performed their own songs, mostly instrumentals. The band sound was described as a combination of melodic rock and jazz rock, but Zdenko Kolar in an interview stated that it was the sound that in the early eighties would definitely be described as New Wave. They had recording sessions in Radio Belgrade studios and the recordings were often broadcast on radio stations.
In 1978 the band performed at the last BOOM festival in Novi Sad and in 1979 at Zaječar Gitarijada where they were well received, but the first place at the festival was won by Galija. Soon after, Kokan Popović went to serve the Yugoslav People's Army and his future wife got pregnant so the band split up. Vlada Divljan and Zdenko Kolar soon formed Idoli, Dragan Mitrić joined Bulevar and Kokan Popović joined Slađana Milošević's backing band.
Propaganda.
Former Zvuk Ulice members Kokan Popović (guitar, vocals) and Dragan Mitrić (keyboards) with Branko Isaković (bass) and Nenad Morgenstern (drums, percussion) formed Propaganda. The band started recording their debut album, partially featuring material from the Zvuk Ulice repertoire, in the Radio Belgrade Studio 5.
"Apatija javnosti" ("Apathy of Public"), released by PGP-RTB in 1982, featured ten tracks, including the opening track, "Esmeralda", featuring lyrics written by Muharem Serbezovski, a famous Macedonian Romani musician. The band was signed as the author of all tracks as well as the album producers. The track from the album "Bugatty" appeared on the Polish various artists compilation "Ruleta 5", released by Supraphon in 1984, and the track "18. Novembar" ("November 18") appeared on the "Computer Incarnations For World Peace" German various artists compilation, released in 2007 by Sonar Kollektiv.
After the album was released, the band disbanded. Kokan Popović had already been working with Idoli, on their debut album "Odbrana i poslednji dani" ("The Defence and the Last Days"), and in 1983, Branko Isaković also joined Idoli and appeared as bassist on the albums "Čokolada" ("Chocolate") and "Šest dana juna" ("Six Days of June"). Dragan Mitrić joined Bajaga i Instruktori and later became the part of his former Bulevar bandmate Dejan Cukić backing band called Spori Ritam Band.

</doc>
<doc id="19288346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288346" title="Iron Virgin Jun">
Iron Virgin Jun


</doc>
<doc id="19288351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288351" title="Ukigumo">
Ukigumo

Ukigumo is Japanese for "drifting or floating cloud(s)" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19288364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288364" title="Amitabh Bachchan filmography">
Amitabh Bachchan filmography

This following is a complete list of all the films Amitabh Bachchan has acted in. He has acted nearly 193 films on his carer in 45 years of his cinema world.

</doc>
<doc id="19288383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288383" title="Luke Simpkin">
Luke Simpkin

Luke Simpkin (born 5 May 1979 in Derby) is a British light heavyweight boxer based in Swadlincote, Derbyshire, England. His record stands at 11 wins, 31 losses and 3 draws after 45 bouts.
Simpkin competed in the "Prizefighter" competition in Newcastle-upon-Tyne on 12 September 2008. Defeating Dave Ferguson in the opening round, Simpkin went on to fight Sam Sexton.
Sexton subsequently took Simpkin out of contention winning the match by unanimous decision and continued on to win the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19288405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288405" title="Maumee and Western Railroad">
Maumee and Western Railroad

Napoleon, Defiance & Western Railroad, formerly Maumee and Western Railroad is a railroad company in the United States which operates between Woodburn, Indiana and Liberty Center, Ohio. The railroad originally went to Toledo. Now half of the line is a walking trail.
Currently there is railcar storage between Defiance, Ohio and Cecil, Ohio and in Napoleon, Ohio. The line is used Mon-Sat between Defiance and Napoleon and upon request in Woodburn. The track, which runs over swamp ground for much of its length, is in exceptionally poor repair, having had no major maintenance since completion. New owners Pioneer describe the line as "in dire need of rehabilitation". From January 2013 onward Pioneer Railcorp ((stock symbol PRRR )) has been doing extensive repair work replacing decayed cross ties and broken pieces of rail.
There are two interchanges, one with Norfolk Southern in Woodburn and the other with CSX in Defiance.
The Railroad also operates some trackage in Cecil, Ohio that leads to Lafarge North America (paulding Plant)
The railroad was part of Indiana Hi-Rail but that company went bankrupt. It was originally a main line as part of the Wabash Railroad's 5th District from New Haven IN to Toledo OH.
The line between Defiance, Ohio and Woodburn, Indiana was acquired with funding from the Ohio Rail Development Commission (ORDC).
The railroad was purchased by Pioneer Railcorp on December 28, 2012, and they have announced the intention to repair and extend it.

</doc>
<doc id="19288412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288412" title="Ōjōyōshū">
Ōjōyōshū

The was an influential medieval Buddhist text composed in 985 by the Japanese Buddhist monk Genshin鑑真. Three volumes in length and in kanbun prose, the text expounds on Pure Land Buddhist thought, with emphasis on methods to attain rebirth in the Pure Land of Amida Buddha, drawing upon earlier Buddhist texts such as the Contemplation Sutra. Genshin emphasized visual meditation practices, where later Pure Land sects favored verbal acts such as the "nembutsu". The text is also well known for its graphic descriptions of the Hell realms, and sufferings one might endure for harmful acts committed in this life. Its influence can be seen in Japanese Buddhist paintings and other, later, texts. The founder of Jōdo Shinshū Buddhism, Shinran, wrote an influential commentary on the "Ōjōyōshū" titled, "Notes on Essentials of Rebirth", while Hōnen first encountered Pure Land teachings after studying Genshin's writings.
In 986, a copy was sent to China, where the monks where impressed enough to call Genshin the "Little Shakyamuni".

</doc>
<doc id="19288415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288415" title="Vârf">
Vârf

Vârf (Romanian for "peak, summit, top", from Slavic "vrh", "vrah") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19288416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288416" title="Zhanjiang Normal University">
Zhanjiang Normal University

Zhanjiang Normal University ( ) is an institution of higher learning in the Chikan District of Zhanjiang City, Guangdong Province, China.
The history of the university dates back to the "Leiyang Academy" () founded in 1636. In 1904, it started its education training program. In 1978, it became Leizhou Normal College, and was elevated to Zhanjiang Normal University in 1991. 

</doc>
<doc id="19288445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288445" title="Amarachi Obiajunwa">
Amarachi Obiajunwa

Amarachi Favour Obiajunwa (born October 10, 1989) is a female freestyle wrestler from Nigeria who has participated at the Olympic Games.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics she competed in the women's freestyle wrestling 72 kg event. She lost in the 1/8 of final to Ali Bernard from USA. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she again competed in the women's freestyle wrestling 72 kg event, and was defeated in the last sixteen by Wang Jiao of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19288459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288459" title="Breadalbane, Scotland">
Breadalbane, Scotland

Breadalbane [http://www.forvo.com/search/breadalbane/]—from Scottish Gaelic "Bràghad Albainn", "the upper part of Alba"—is a region of the southern/central Scottish Highlands in Atholl. The Breadalbane hydro-electric power scheme lies within the region.
Clan Campbell has a Breadalbane branch. It is retained in the title of Earl of Breadalbane and Holland, and later, the Marquess of Breadalbane.
The "Breadalbane Gathering" is a popular 2/4 March tune for the Great Highland Bagpipes.
Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park.
Much of Breadalbane is in the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park. Ben More is the highest mountain in the national park.
The Breadalbane area of the National Park is subdivided into four communities, covered by the community council areas of Balquhidder, Killin, St Fillans, and Strathfillan.
Influence.
Broadalbin, New York was named after Breadalbane.
There are Breadalbane Streets in both Toronto, Ontario, Canada and Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Breadalbane is a village in the province of Prince Edward Island in Canada.
Breadalbane, New South Wales is a small village located in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19288474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288474" title="EJay">
EJay

eJay is a series of musical arrangement software and games, primarily for Microsoft Windows. The first edition, "Dance eJay", was released in , supports eight tracks of audio and, as with its successors, permits the arrangement of sound bites by a drag-and-drop interface. Since the original "Dance eJay", there have been many releases catering to different music genres and users, including techno and hip-hop as well as a PlayStation 2 edition.
In May 2009, a note posted to eJay's official Facebook page stated that Empire Interactive Europe Limited, the company that owned and developed the eJay products, was in Administration. "The intellectual property, or the 'rights' to sell eJay products are now owned by a different company. Only this new owner can legally produce eJay products or licence other people to do so. They do not have to provide support, and they would probably not be in a position to do so in any case.".
On 15 October 2010, three eJay products were reissued in editions: "Hip Hop 5", "Dance 6" and "DJ Mixstation 4", with "Hip Hop 5" and "Dance 6" now having twice the number of sound samples than they had originally (10,000 instead of 5,000). Also on the same date, a new software called "Video & Music Exchange" was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19288479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288479" title="Watch Your Own Heart Attack">
Watch Your Own Heart Attack

Watch Your Own Heart Attack is a two-minute public information film advertisement produced by the British Heart Foundation, starring Steven Berkoff, which illustrates how it feels to have a heart attack. It was first shown on ITV1 on 10 August 2008.
The “Hollywood” heart attack.
The stereotypical heart attack, represented in films (such as "Ocean's Thirteen", where Elliott Gould was shown falling over and clutching his chest, and "Something's Gotta Give" which showed Jack Nicholson's character being rescued from his attack by Diane Keaton) and in television is not always true to life, yet a YouGov poll discovered that 38 per cent of people believe the signs of a heart attack will always be crippling chest pains. 
The British Heart Foundation was concerned that many people underestimated the effect of a heart attack due to the way they are represented on television programmes and in films, so produced the film in an attempt to educate viewers about the devastating realities of an attack.
The film features actor Steven Berkoff who punches and gags a largely unseen person and aims to graphically illustrate what it is like to have a heart attack, simulating the symptoms by using methods including a punch to the chest, taping the mouth of the sufferer to simulate breathing difficulties, and hugging them to show tightness in the chest, and ends with the victim vomiting while Berkoff warns that not all heart attack symptoms are as obvious as people think. They could be mistaken for a sports injury, indigestion, "last night's curry" or similar.
Production.
This public information film advertisement, the first work for the charity by advertising agency Grey London since it won the account of British Heart Foundation in May 2008, was conceived by creative director Jon Williams, art director Damon Troth and copywriter Joanna Perry at Grey and directed by Brett Foraker through RSA Films. It is filmed from the subjective perspective of the heart attack victim. Jon Williams, chief creative officer at Grey London, has commented that when researching ideas for the spot, someone observed, "what you really need to do is give everyone in Britain a heart attack," which is what the film aims to achieve through its use of subjective point of view.
A British Heart Foundation spokesman said the film aims to alert people to call 999 as soon as they experience heart attack symptoms and not to dismiss them as being caused by a minor problems.
Advertising campaign.
A billboard advertising campaign was launched across the UK in the weeks running up to the showing, while personalities such as Angela Rippon, David Cameron, Ainsley Harriott and Jeremy Kyle gave their backing to the film.
The viewing figures for the film were 6.5 million, which is higher than the 6.1 million that the episode of "Midsomer Murders", during which the film ran, received.

</doc>
<doc id="19288481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288481" title="London Underground M and N Stock">
London Underground M and N Stock

The London Underground M Stock and N Stock were similar designs of rolling stock built in 1935. As the new cars were urgently required they were based on existing designs (K Stock and L Stock). Several years after construction both types were absorbed into the Q Stock. The last of these trains were withdrawn in 1971.
London Underground M Stock.
London Underground M Stock was a clerestory-roofed rail stock built for the Hammersmith and City Line in 1935 and subsequently absorbed into the London Underground Q Stock, being redesignated Q35 Stock. The M Stock was based on the 1927 K stock. Twenty-eight cars were built in 1935 by Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company: fourteen were driving motor cars and the rest were trailers. All the driving motor cars were converted to trailers between 1947 and 1955.
The M Stock was the first surface stock to be delivered with air-operated doors.
Upon conversion to Q Stock, all the cars were transferred to the District Line (with the Hammersmith and City Line services being operated from 1938 onwards by new trains of O Stock).
London Underground N Stock.
London Underground N Stock was a type of clerestory-roofed stock built in 1935 and subsequently absorbed into the London Underground Q Stock, being redesignated Q35 Stock. The N Stock was based on the 1927 K Stock. Twenty-six cars, all trailers, were built in 1935 by Metropolitan Cammell.

</doc>
<doc id="19288493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288493" title="The Shadows discography">
The Shadows discography

This article presents the discography (including sheet music) of British rock group The Shadows. For releases with Cliff Richard see the Cliff Richard discography.
Albums.
Live albums.
Remastered live albums
Compilations.
Notes:
Budget compilations:
See For Miles compilations
Boxed Sets:
Sheet music (musical notation).
All the hit (& misses) singles e.g. Apache (et al.) were published as individual (2xA4 page) sheet music during the release of the single until the late 1970s when publishers switched to books featuring multiple hits.

</doc>
<doc id="19288499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288499" title="Bajaj Cub">
Bajaj Cub

The Bajaj Cub was a limited edition release motor scooter from Bajaj Auto. A suitable electronic ignition system for scooters was developed and introduced on the "Bajaj-Cub". It was released in 1984 and was quite quickly discontinued. It usually came with a detachable single footrest but an all-round foot-rest was optional. It gave a mileage of 40 km/l on roads with good maintenance.
This model was discontinued due to the huge success of its higher powered 4 speed, 150cc model, the Chetak. The Cub had a 100cc engine, and a smaller wheel diameter compared to the Chetak. The Chetak had better pick-up but a lower mileage of fuel.
It was priced at around INR 9500 approx. (190.550 US$) at the time of its release.

</doc>
<doc id="19288501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288501" title="Mike Ekstrom">
Mike Ekstrom

Michael Robert "Mike" Ekstrom (born August 30, 1983) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. Drafted by the San Diego Padres in the 12th round (342nd overall) of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft, he made his MLB debut on September 10, , striking out Manny Ramirez and pitching two scoreless innings.
Amateur career.
College.
Ekstrom started off his college career at Oregon State University, eventually transferring to NAIA school Point Loma Nazarene University after his sophomore year. Ekstrom was GSAC Pitcher of the Year and NAIA 1st Team All-America in his junior season. He was also named to the Baseball America Small College All-America 1st team.
Professional career.
San Diego Padres.
He made his professional debut at the Short-Season Eugene Emeralds in , going 3-1 with a 3.69 ERA in 12 games, seven starts. Ekstrom was one of six Emeralds named to the Northwest League's midseason All-Star team. He opened his career by tossing scoreless ball over his first six appearances from June 18 to July 9. He was promoted to the Class-A Fort Wayne TinCaps on August 21 for his final three starts.
In his first full professional season, , Ekstrom posted a 13-6 record with a 3.70 ERA in 28 starts for Class-A Fort Wayne. He was named to the Midwest League mid-season All-Star team. He was tied for first in the league in starts and shutouts with one, ranked second in innings pitched, third in wins and eighth in ERA. Ekstrom shared the organization lead in wins while ranking third in strikeouts with 112 and sixth in ERA. He made 16 quality starts and went 6-0 with a 1.29 ERA over his first nine starts from April 7 to May 22. He was named Midwest League Pitcher of the Week for the period ending May 22.
Ekstrom was named the Padres' Minor League Pitcher of the Year after posting a 10-11 record with four complete games, two shutouts and a 3.08 ERA in 28 starts between Class-A Advanced Lake Elsinore Storm and the Double-A Mobile BayBears. He was a California League mid-season All-Star with Lake Elsinore. Ekstrom was among organization leaders, was tied for second in wins, ranked third in ERA and fifth in strikeouts with 117. He was tied for third in the Southern League with three complete games.
In Ekstrom went 0-2 with a 7.45 ERA, six strikeouts and seven walks and held opponents to a .222 average in four road games with the Padres. His contract purchased from the Double-A San Antonio Missions on September 6. He made Major League debut with two hitless innings on September 10 against the Los Angeles Dodgers. He appeared in 41 games, 15 starts, with the Missions and went 11-8 with one save and a 4.58 ERA with 101 strikeouts compared to 34 walks. He ranked second in the Texas League in wins and was 7-3 with a save and a 2.57 ERA (in 26 relief appearances with San Antonio. Ekstrom participated in the 2008 Arizona Fall League as a member of the Peoria Saguaros.
Ekstrom went 4-2 with a 1.73 ERA in 42 games, one start with his home-town Triple-A Portland Beavers in . He was promoted to the Padres where he in 12 games he had an ERA of 6.38 ERA in 18 innings pitched.
Tampa Bay Rays.
On February 3, 2010, Ekstrom was claimed off waivers by the Tampa Bay Rays. In 2010, Ekstrom went 6-1 with a 2.79 ERA with the Durham Bulls (AAA), striking out 48 batters in 58 innings. Over the course of four stints with Tampa, he posted a 0-1 record with a 3.31 ERA for the Rays in 16 innings, striking out 10.
Colorado Rockies.
Ekstrom signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies on December 16, 2011. He had his contract purchased by the Rockies on July 13, 2012. Ekstrom had a 6.32 ERA with 15.2 innings pitched in 15 games.
Oakland Athletics.
On October 29, Ekstrom signed a minor league deal with the Athletics that included an invitation to spring training.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
In 2013, Ekstrom signed a minor league deal with the Angels. He pitched in 17 games for the Salt Lake Bees before being released.

</doc>
<doc id="19288506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288506" title="Descendants of Philip V of Spain">
Descendants of Philip V of Spain

The descendants of Philip V of Spain, Bourbon monarch of the Kingdom of Spain, Kingdom of Naples, and Kingdom of Sicily are numerous. He had two wives; by his first wife Maria Luisa of Savoy he had two children. After the death of his first wife Philip married Elisabeth of Parma and they had children. Philip's descendants have formed a major part of history around the globe; several becoming monarchs of Spain, Portugal and Sardinia.
His descendants also founded several cadet branches; the House of Bourbon-Parma in the Duchy of Parma and the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies in the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. This article deals with the children of Philip V and in turn their senior descendants.
Background of Philip V of Spain.
Philip was born at the Palace of Versailles in France. His older brother, Louis de France, Duke of Burgundy, was in line to the throne right after his father, "Le Grand Dauphin", thus leaving him and his younger brother, Charles de France, Duke of Berry little expectation to ever rule over France.
Claims to the Spanish throne.
In the year 1700, the King of Spain, Charles II, died. Charles' will named the 16-year old Philip, the grandson of Charles' sister Maria Theresa of Spain, as his successor. Upon any possible refusal the Crown of Spain would be offered next to Philip's younger brother Charles, Duke of Berry, or, next, to Archduke Charles of Austria.
By genealogical right alone, the Spanish throne should have passed to Louis, Grand Dauphin, son of King Louis XIV of France and Maria Theresa of Spain, sister of Charles II and daughter of Philip IV of Spain. However, the Grand Dauphin was the heir apparent to the throne of France; the union of France and Spain would greatly upset the balance of power in Europe. Thus, Charles had settled on Philip, the second son of the Grand Dauphin (whose prospect of inheriting France was slim). 
However, the Austrian branch claimed that Philip's grandmother had renounced the Spanish throne for her descendants as part of her marriage contract. This was countered by the French branch's claim that it was on the basis of a dowry that had never been paid.
After a long council meeting where the Dauphin spoke up in favor of his son's rights, it was agreed that Philip would ascend the throne but would forever renounce his claim to the throne of France for himself and his descendants. This, however, contradicted a fundamental principle of the French succession - the right of a legitimate male prince to succeed cannot be alienated. This conflict would manifest in the War of Spanish Succession. In the Treaty of Utrecht that ended the war, Philip finally agreed to renounce for himself and his descendants, his rights to the French throne only after the introduction of semi-Salic law in Spain.
War of Spanish Succession.
However, the other powers of Europe contested the idea, eventually leading to the War of Spanish Succession (1701–1714). Although Philip was allowed to remain on the Spanish throne, Spain was forced to cede Minorca and Gibraltar to Great Britain; the Spanish Netherlands, Naples, Milan, and Sardinia to the Austrian Habsburgs; and Sicily and parts of the Milanese to Savoy.
These losses greatly diminished the Spanish Empire in Europe, which had already been in decline. Throughout his reign, Philip sought to reverse the decline of Spanish power as Great Britain increasingly began to dominate at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19288516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288516" title="Welfare trap">
Welfare trap

The 'American welfare trap or British "unemployment trap or poverty trap"', theory asserts that taxation and welfare systems can jointly contribute to keep people on social insurance because the withdrawal of means tested benefits that comes with entering low-paid work causes there to be no significant increase in total income. An individual sees that the opportunity cost of returning to work is too great for too little a financial return, and this can create a perverse incentive to not work.
Differential definitions.
The term used for this concept varies depending on country. In the United States, where government benefit payments are colloquially referred to as "welfare" (e.g. a person is "on welfare"), the welfare trap often indicates that a person is completely dependent on benefits, with little or no hope of self-sufficiency.
The welfare trap is also known as the unemployment trap or poverty trap in the UK, with both terms frequently being used interchangeably as they often go hand-in-hand, though there are subtle differences. 
In other contexts, the terms "welfare trap" and "poverty trap" are clearly distinguished. For example, a Southern African Regional Poverty Network report on social protection clarifies: "... poverty trap to mean a structural condition from which people cannot rescue themselves despite their best efforts. A welfare trap in this context, by contrast, refers to the barrier created by means tested social grants that have in built perverse incentives." This South African definition is typically used with regard to developing countries.
This concept may include other adverse effects of welfare, e.g., on the family structure: welfare may encourage the increase in the numbers of single-mother families and divorce rates, as individuals see a distinct benefit in this lifestyle.
In the UK, there is a distinction between two concepts within the welfare trap:
Examples.
An example of how the welfare trap works: a person on welfare finds a part time job that will pay the minimum wage of $5 per hour, 8 hours per week. Half of the $40 earned per week, or $20, will be deducted from welfare payments leaving $20 net gain. The government will also levy a tax on their $40, say 15% ($6). There may also be extra child-care and commuting costs, now that the person is no longer able to remain at home all day, and the loss of domestic productivity. Therefore, despite performing eight hours of work productive to society (and, theoretically, themselves), the person is now worse off than before they acquired employment.
A welfare trap is an example of the perverse incentive: the welfare recipient has an incentive to avoid raising his own productivity because the resulting income gain is not enough to compensate for the (increased) work effort.
An incentive to get out of the welfare trap is that the return to the labour market gives a person chances of moving up the career ladder, improving old and acquiring new job skills, etc., thus eventually improving their standard of living. Policies which allow for the continued receipt of benefit payments for a period of time after entering work or up to a specific earnings ceiling may also eliminate the welfare trap. For example, for UK claimants of Incapacity Benefit or Employment Support Allowance, "permitted work" arrangements allow for paid work up to 16 hours or £95 per week without the withdrawal of the disability benefit payments, leading to a net overall increase in income. However, any earnings over £20 may be taxed, and additional earnings may affect receipt of Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit, which is an example of the welfare trap potentially in effect.

</doc>
<doc id="19288519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288519" title="Guizhou Normal University">
Guizhou Normal University

Guizhou Normal University (Chinese: 贵州 师范 大学 Guì-zhōu shī-fàn dà-xué) is an institution of higher learning in Guiyang, Guizhou Province of the People's Republic of China.
The university was founded in 1941, as National Guiyang Normal College (国立贵阳师范学院). After the formation of the People's Republic of China, it was renamed Guiyang Normal College. In 1985, it became Guizhou Normal University. The university was accredited with being a provincial key university in Guizhou in 1996. In 2004, the former Guizhou Vocational Institute of Technology merged into the University.

</doc>
<doc id="19288523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288523" title="Mike Crites">
Mike Crites

Mike Crites (born June 16, 1948) is an American member of the Republican Party and former United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio in the administrations of Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush. He was a candidate for Ohio Attorney General in 2008.
Personal life.
Crites was born in Bluffton, Ohio and raised in Lima, Ohio. Upon graduation from Lima Shawnee High School in 1966, he received an appointment to the United States Naval Academy and graduated in 1970. He was commissioned an officer in the United States Navy and served in the United States Navy and Naval Reserve until October 1999 retiring with the rank of Captain. In 1978, Crites received his law degree from Ohio Northern University Pettit College of Law.
Crites is the father of three daughters.
Naval career.
Crites served as the commanding officer of nine Naval Reserve units. He studied at the Naval War College and Industrial College of the Armed Forces. He also served as Deputy Commander for Mission Effectiveness, Naval Reserve Readiness Command Region 8 in Jacksonville, Florida..
A Vietnam veteran, Crites received the Legion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal, Joint Service Commendation Medal, Navy Commendation Medal, the Navy Achievement Medal, and various campaign and service awards, including the Vietnam Service Medal and Vietnam Campaign Medal.
A member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Crites was inducted into the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame in 2000.
U.S. Attorney.
Crites was nominated in 1986 by President Ronald Reagan and confirmed by a vote of the United States Senate to be the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio. He served in that position from 1986 to 1993 in the administrations of Presidents Reagan and Bush.
As the United States Attorney, Crites and his staff of Assistant U.S. Attorneys were responsible for the prosecution of all federal criminal cases on behalf of the United States and representing the United States in all civil litigation in the U.S. District Courts in the Southern Judicial District of Ohio (48 of Ohio's 88 counties, including the metropolitan areas of Columbus, Cincinnati and Dayton).
During his tenure as U.S. Attorney, Crites and his staff investigated, prosecuted and dismantled numerous local, national and international drug organizations; seized and obtained the forfeiture of more than $17 million in illegal drug money and assets; and collected more than $125 million owed to the United States. Additionally, he organized and led task forces to address health care fraud, insurance and financial fraud, bankruptcy fraud and environmental compliance.
Legal practice.
Crites' legal career has included service as United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio, Assistant United States Attorney, First Assistant Prosecuting Attorney (Delaware County), Assistant Prosecuting Attorney (Allen County), City Prosecutor (Lima, Ohio) and City law director for several central Ohio communities. He is in private practice as a partner with the law firm of Dinsmore & Shohl, LLP in Columbus, Ohio focusing on white collar defense, government investigations and regulatory enforcement.
2008 election for Ohio Attorney General.
Crites announced his candidacy for Ohio Attorney General on July 23, 2008, as a Republican. He received 38% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19288525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288525" title="Sílvia Marsó">
Sílvia Marsó

Sílvia Marsó (Barcelona, March 8, 1964) is a Spanish film, stage and televisión actress.
She started in the TVE game show "Un, dos, tres...responda otra vez".

</doc>
<doc id="19288531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288531" title="Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia">
Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia

Rafael Ángel del Socorro Calderón Guardia was the president of Costa Rica from 1940 to 1944.
Early life.
Rafael Angel Calderón Guardia was born on 10 March 1900 in San José. In his youth, Calderón Guardia studied in Costa Rica, France and Belgium, where he married Yvonne Clays Spoelders, who was later to be the first female diplomat of Costa Rica. After finishing his studies in Belgium, Calderón Guardia became a medical doctor and practicing surgeon, which he would remain for most of his life, even after serving as president.
Presidency.
In 1940, with the support of conservative coffee elites, Calderón was elected President of Costa Rica. Prior to Calderón, Costa Rican Presidents, while democratically elected, had largely supported the interests of the conservative coffee oligarchy.
Calderón soon turned his back on the conservative coffee elite to address widespread poverty and poor health conditions among the working poor. He became the first Central American president to primarily focus his attention on poverty and deteriorating social conditions.
Calderon Guardia responded to the demand for reform when he assume the presidency in 1940, and, in doing so, he offered the electorate a viable alternative to the Communist solutions to social questions. His inaugural address outlined measures by which his government proposed to foment the social, cultural and economic development of the nation. He promised particular attention to the less well developed areas of Costa Rica, such as Guanacaste and the Atlantic region which had been largely abandoned by the United Fruit Company. He pledged himself to a revision of the entire system of taxation on the just basis of capacity to contribute. He promised to give a new impulse to rural credit, to provide for a program of land distribution through the National Bank, and to initiate a program of low-cost housing. He proposed to found a national university that would orient public opinion on social questions and promote the general progress of the republic. As contribution to the welfare of all, he promised to institute a modern system of social security.
During his presidency he established the Work Code, which introduced the minimum wage, and other important protections for laborers. Prior to this reform, working conditions for Costa Rica's poor had been abhorrent. Calderón also founded the CCSS, a national social security retirement program, extremely advanced for its time. He also instituted a national healthcare program. In education, he established the University of Costa Rica.
To this day, Costa Rica has been well-known around the world for its system of universal health care, its high education levels, and the social security system founded under Calderón.
Calderón also brought Costa Rica into World War II on the Allied side and cooperated with the United States. During the war his government imprisoned many Costa Ricans of German descent and confiscated many of their assets including large coffee plantations and banking businesses. This made him very unpopular with the powerful German minority
in the country. Many German families and their descendants would later become backers of Calderón's rival, José Figueres Ferrer.
In spite of exigencies of war, the Calderón Guardia government realized prodigious advances for the nation. It sponsored comprehensive programs that included, among others, the Law for New Industries to encourage diversification of the economy; the creation of the Social Security System and enactment of the Labor Code; the pragmatic Land Law, the so-called Law of Parasites, which allowed the landless to acquire title to land on the promise of cultivating it, and a simple but effective program of distributing free shoes to needy children in the first grade to protect their feet against parasites and to help abate the feelings of inferiority produced by the lack of such a basic item. These and other measures were sponsored by Calderon Guardia to build the infrastructure of a socially oriented national economy and to deal, simultaneously and directly, with the pressing needs of the most deprived members of the Costa Rican family.
Calderón developed strong ties with labor organizations, certain important figures of the Catholic Church, such as the progressive Archbishop Víctor Sanabria, and the Communist Party, led by Manuel Mora. This unlikely alliance was strong enough to transform the country's labor laws, its health and education systems, and its economic structure. He enjoyed wide support among the poor, but a growing coalition of land owners, industrialists, military leaders, and conservative Church officials strongly opposed him, polarizing society.
Calderon Guardia headed a traditional party which included elements from all segments of society. He attracted a following among the masses of society such as no previous political figure had ever achieved.
From 1940 forward, the various contestants in the political arena could not disregard Calderon Guardia's functioning program with its sharp focus on social issues. He was determined, even it is entailed intimidation, to carry out his plans. His program and the methods he used to put it into effect therefore became inextricable parts of the social issue. His work of reform challenged the domination of the elite, which consequently became politically more active, aware and cohesive.
Picado Years.
In 1944, Calderón supported Teodoro Picado Michalski to succeed him as President. Picado was also backed by Archbishop Sanabria, and the former Communist leader Manuel Mora in the 1944 election. There were accusations of government fraud during the election, which was a usual practice in Costa Rica. However, Picado's 2:1 margin of victory suggests that he would have won regardless of these instances. Picado's Presidency was quieter and more concilliatory than that of Calderón. But both Calderón and his enemies were preparing for the upcoming showdown in 1948, when Calderón would be constitutionally eligible again to run for President.
The Costa Rican Civil War of 1948.
In 1948, Calderón ran for president again. Otilio Ulate Blanco defeated him by 10,000 votes in a very questionable election (since Calderon's party actually received much more votes for Congress than Ulate's party at a time when the Costa Rican society was heavily polarized, suggesting the non-likelihood of a "split vote"). Ulate was proclaimed winner by the two of three members of the Electoral Board. However, the Congress, controlled by Calderón's party, declared the election to be null and void and that a new election would be held.
However, the charismatic José Figueres Ferrer launched a coup against Picado's government in 1948 while several political negotiations were still in process. In the civil war, the Picado government forces were backed by the communists who believed that Ulate was a threat to the social legislation that had been established under Calderon Guardia's government. After 2,000 deaths, the civil war ended and Figueres seized power. Figueres is noted for seizing power by force, establishing the framework for a successful modern Democracy (which lasts to this day), disbanding the military, and then relinquishing power. He went on to become a democratically elected president on two occasions with his National Liberation Party (named after his National Liberation Army). Figueres is celebrated as a national hero in Costa Rica to this day, while Calderón's image remains diminished, in spite of his monumental social reforms.
Upon the victory of Figueres' armed forces, Calderón fled to Nicaragua and then to Mexico where he worked again as a doctor to support his family. In 1958, Calderón Guardia was allowed to return to Costa Rica and was elected as congressman, but he didn't serve as such. He ran for the presidency again in 1962 but lost. He was also named ambassador to Mexico (1966-1970). He died in 1970.
His son, Rafael Ángel Calderón Fournier, founded a new party in 1984 and became president of Costa Rica fifty years after his father did in 1990 in a much more transformed Costa Rican society and with a much more right-wing approach to governing.
Calderón Guardia remains one of the most controversial figures in Costa Rican history. His characterization as Figueres' primary antagonist served to strengthen this position in favor of the pro-Figueres consensus of having Figueres the "hero of the revolution" after the Figueristas won the civil war. Thu, while his social reforms had an enormous impact on Costa Rica, after the congress made the elections of 1948 void and his failed attempts to regain power in 1948 and 1962 hurt his reputation.
Further reading.
Ian Holzhauer, "The Presidency of Calderón Guardia" (University of Florida History Thesis, 2004)

</doc>
<doc id="19288537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288537" title="Tobias Norris">
Tobias Norris

Tobias Crawford Norris (September 5, 1861 – October 29, 1936) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. He served as the tenth Premier of Manitoba from 1915 to 1922. Norris was a member of the Liberal Party.
Norris was born in Brampton, Canada West (now Ontario), and moved to Manitoba at a young age. He was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 1896 provincial election in the constituency of Lansdowne. The Liberals won a landslide majority in this election, though Norris was not called to serve in the cabinet of premier Thomas Greenway. 
Norris was narrowly re-elected in the 1899 election, and moved with his party to the opposition benches. He was one of many Liberals defeated in the party's electoral debacle of 1903, losing to Conservative Harvey Hicks by sixteen votes. He defeated Hicks by ninety-six votes in the 1907 election, and emerged as one of the leading figures in the legislative opposition. In 1910, he was chosen to replace Charles Mickle as provincial Liberal leader.
Conservative Premier Rodmond P. Roblin called an election soon after Norris's selection as leader, and the Conservatives won 28 of 41 seats in the resulting campaign. Norris was re-elected in Lansdowne, and continued as opposition leader. He ran a stronger campaign in the 1914 election, though Roblin's Conservatives still won 28 of 48 seats in an expanded legislature.
Roblin's government was forced to resign amid a corruption scandal in early 1915, and Norris was called to serve as premier in his place. He was sworn in as premier on May 15, 1915, and also gave himself the powerful position of Railway Commissioner. Norris called another election for August 6, 1915, and was rewarded with a landslide majority. The Liberals and their independent allies won 41 of 48 seats, a record which has never been surpassed in Manitoba history.
Norris's government was considered a leading force for reform in Canada, introducing temperance legislation, extending the vote to women, and bringing in workman's compensation as well as a minimum wage. His government also introduced a rural farm credit system, a mother's allowance for widows (an important measure considering his government was in power during and after World War I), a public nursing system and workplace health and safety regulations. Road construction and public works were also expanded.
The Norris administration's relationship with the federal Liberal Party was generally poor. In 1916, the province eliminated the limited provisions for bilingual education that were agreed to in the Wilfrid Laurier-Thomas Greenway compromise of 1897 (see Manitoba Schools Question. This happened at a time when the federal Liberals, still led by Laurier, were trying to rebuild a support base among Quebec nationalists. In the federal election of 1917, Norris's government supported the Union government of Robert Borden against the Opposition Liberals led by Wilfrid Laurier. The "Unionist" and "Laurier" Liberals in Manitoba were not reunited until 1922, though Norris's hold on power was never threatened by this split.
Norris was in power during a period of rising labour and farmer radicalism in Manitoba, with the most significant event being the Winnipeg General Strike of 1919. The Norris government was little involved in the strike itself. His administration favoured a negotiated compromise with the strikers, and played little role in the strike's suppression by the federal government. When asked about the arrest of several leading strikers, Norris responded, "Just leave us out of this". (source: Norman Penner, "Winnipeg 1919", p. 165)
Despite his government's progressivism, it could not withstand the growing socialist movement or the wave of farmers' radicalism that was sweeping the country in the form of the United Farmers movement. The election of 1920 resulted in a hung parliament, with 21 Liberals, 11 Labourites, 9 Farmer representatives, 8 Conservatives and 6 independents. The Liberals remained in government, and usually depended on outside support from the Farmers to pass legislation. They lost a vote of confidence in 1922 and were resoundingly defeated by the United Farmers of Manitoba (UFM) in the election which followed. The UFM governed as the Progressive Party of Manitoba.
Norris was re-elected in Lansdowne, and continued to serve as leader of the opposition until 1927. By now reconciled with the national Liberal Party, he also contested the riding of Winnipeg South in the federal election of 1925, but lost to Conservative Robert Rogers. He resigned his seat to campaign federally, but was returned to the legislature in a by-election later in the same year.
Norris stood down as Liberal leader before the 1927 election, but remained a member of the legislature and was again elected for Lansdowne. He retired from politics in 1928.
Following Norris's retirement, the Manitoba Liberal Party was able to begin serious negotiations with Bracken's Progressives concerning a formal merger (because of his government's language policies, Norris had been unacceptable to Bracken's francophone supporters). The two parties were merged in 1932.
Norris died in Toronto in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="19288547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288547" title="The Second High School Attached to Beijing Normal University">
The Second High School Attached to Beijing Normal University

The Second High School Attached to Beijing Normal University () is a secondary school in the north Beijing neighbourhood of Xicheng. As a school "attached" to a major university, it is considered a prestigious institution, and the entry requirements for the programmes are quite rigorous.
The school's character is international, with students from countries such as South Korea and Russia and teachers from Canada and the United States as well as China. There are also foreign programmes taught at the school, such as SYA.
Foreign programmes.
Project Global Access.
The Project Global Access (PGA) programme is an arrangement that The Second High School Attached to Beijing Normal University, along with for that matter quite a number of schools in China, has with the China Center for International Educational Exchange (CCIEE). The programme has expanded dramatically in size from only a handful of foreign teachers and several dozens of students to currently 14 foreign teachers (from Australia, Canada, Great Britain, New Zealand and the United States) and to several hundreds of students. Students take modules divided into 3 levels, covering English language and communication ability, science, mathematics and data processing ability, the ability to use computers, business learning ability and independent study skills. Students completing this programme can proceed to university, either in China or abroad. Students in this programme receive instruction in both English and Chinese.
Saint Paul American School.
The "Saint Paul" in Saint Paul American School refers to the city in Minnesota. Its focus differs from PGA's in that it provides an American Style Education and mainly serves on foreign students living in Beijing. Most students in this programme are South Korean, although other nationalities are represented.

</doc>
<doc id="19288553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288553" title="Davis–Bacon Act">
Davis–Bacon Act

The Davis–Bacon Act of 1931 is a United States federal law that establishes the requirement for paying the local prevailing wages on public works projects for laborers and mechanics. It applies to “contractors and subcontractors performing on federally funded or assisted contracts in excess of $2,000 for the construction, alteration, or repair (including painting and decorating) of public buildings or public works”.
The act is named after its sponsors, James J. Davis, a Senator from Pennsylvania and a former Secretary of Labor under three presidents, and Representative Robert L. Bacon of Long Island, New York. The Davis–Bacon act was passed by Congress and signed into law by President Herbert Hoover on March 3, 1931.
History.
Leading to passage.
Prior to the passage of the federal Davis–Bacon Act (abbreviated DBA), other jurisdictions in the United States had passed laws that required that contractors on public works projects pay the wage that prevailed locally. “In 1891, Kansas adopted a law requiring that ‘not less than the current rate of per diem wages in the locality where the work is performed shall be paid to laborers, workmen, mechanics, and other persons so employed by or on behalf of the state of Kansas’ or of other local jurisdictions. Through the next several decades, other states followed suit, enacting a variety of labor-protective statutes covering workers in contract production.” 
In 1927, a contractor employed African-American workers from Alabama to build a Veterans' Bureau hospital in the district of Congressman Bacon. Prompted by concerns about the conditions of workers, displacement of local workers by migrant workers, and competitive pressure toward lower wages, Bacon introduced the first version of his bill in 1927.
Over the next few years, Bacon attempted to introduce variations on the prevailing wage bill 13 times. Finally, in the midst of the Great Depression, with local workers complaining about cheap labor taking their jobs and Congressmen frustrated that their efforts to bring "pork barrel" projects home to their districts did not result in jobs (and therefore political support) from their constituents, the Hoover Administration requested that Congress reconsider the Act once more as a means of preventing falling wages. Sponsored in the Senate by former Labor Secretary Davis, it passed by voice vote and was signed into law on 3 March 1931.
Since passage.
Immediately after passage.
The Davis–Bacon Act has been amended several times in its history. Almost immediately upon passage in 1931, both unions and contractors expressed dissatisfaction with key components of the law. Unions claimed that the law lacked enforcement teeth, while contractors pointed out that it was impossible to know beforehand what the prevailing wages were when submitting bids. President Hoover issued Executive Order 5778, clarifying some of the enforcement mechanisms, and Congress considered amendments which were vetoed before Hoover left office.
1930s.
In 1934 Congress passed and President Roosevelt signed the Copeland "Anti-kickback" Act, a supplement to the DBA. This was followed in 1935 with another amendment which introduced five changes: (1) The threshold for falling under the DBA requirements were lowered from $5,000 to $2,000; (2) coverage was extended to all federal contract construction, including painting and decorating; (3) the agency may withhold funds sufficient to pay underpaid workers; (4) the Comptroller General would make a list of contractors who had “disregarded their obligations to employees and subcontractors” so that they could be blacklisted from federal contracts for three years; (5) right of legal action was explicitly granted to laborers regardless of whether they had accepted wages; and (6) DBA contracts would include “the minimum wages to be paid various classes of laborers and mechanics” prior to the submission of bids by a contractor (predetermination). The predetermination requirement set up a mechanism to collect and disseminate appropriate prevailing wage data prior to issuing proposal requests for federal contract bids. Many of these changes were introduced at the urging of labor unions.
1940–1970.
In 1941 the reach of the Act was expanded to cover military construction In the 1950s, questions were raised about which agencies should control which provisions and whether the new interstate highway acts should specifically reference DBA requirements. In the 1960s, the passage of the Walsh–Healey and McNamara-O'Hara Service Contract Acts confused the situation further, as there were pay differences between manufacturing and construction, with contractors and unions having clear but opposite preferences.
In 1962 the House of Representatives convened the Special Subcommittee on Labor, chaired by James Roosevelt D–CA. In response to this committee, the Secretary of Labor established the Wage Appeals Board to allow wage determinations to be reviewed. The committee brought an amendment to the DBA that required the inclusion of fringe benefits in the wage determination.
1970–present.
In the 1970s, the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO – formerly the General Accounting Office) published a report titled, “The Davis-Bacon Act Should Be Repealed". The GAO summarized its argument as
This publication was indicative of some of the bureaucratic in-fighting that was going on throughout the period. At the same time, the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and its Office of Federal Procurement Policy (OFPP) formed a task force to review DBA and the Services Contract Act. Finally, the Carter Administration published regulations just as they were leaving office. The Reagan Administration froze all pending regulations in order to review them, and then issued its own set of regulations in 1982. These consisted of five changes: (1) setting the threshold for how much of the workforce must be paid a common wage for that wage to become the "prevailing wage" at 50% (previously 30%); (2) strictly limiting the importation of urban rates for projects in rural areas; (3) limiting the use of wages paid on other DBA-covered federal projects in the determination of prevailing rates to prevent bias in the base rate; (4) expanding the potential use of unskilled “helpers” on federal construction; and (5) eliminating the weekly payroll report requirements of the Copeland "Anti-kickback" Act of 1934, opting instead to require reports only in support of enforcement actions. These rules were challenged in "Building and Construction Trades' Department. AFL-CIO v. Donovan", 712 F.2d 611 (D.C. Cir. 1983). Of the five changes, all were eventually upheld except for the change in reporting requirements.
In addition to these changes, DBA prevailing wage principles have been included in more than 50 federal statutes.
In September 2013, the United States House of Representatives passed the Streamlining Claims Processing for Federal Contractor Employees Act (H.R. 2747; 113th Congress). This bill, if it becomes law, would amend the Davis–Bacon Act by transferring authority from the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to the United States Department of Labor for processing claims for wages due to laborers and mechanics hired by contractors on public works projects.
Little Davis-Bacon laws.
In addition to the federal law, several other jurisdictions have passed “Little Davis-Bacon” laws.
Suspensions.
The Davis–Bacon Act allows for suspension by the President in case of emergency. This authority has been exercised four times since passage: twice in general, and twice in limited areas.
Current practice.
The Davis–Bacon Act was entered into the United States Code as 40 U.S.C. §§ 276a-276a-5, but has now re-codified as 40 U.S.C. 3141-3148. The Act covers four main areas of construction: residential, heavy, buildings, and highway. Within these areas are further classifications, including craft positions such as plumber, carpenter, cement mason/concrete finisher, electrician, insulator, laborer, lather, painter, power equipment operator, roofer, sheet metal worker, truck driver, and welder [http://www.wdol.gov/].
The agency responsible for collecting and disseminating the prevailing wage data is the Wage and Hour Division (WHD) of the United States Department of Labor (DOL). The procedure “involves four steps: (1) planning and scheduling of surveys, (2) conducting the surveys, (3) clarifying and analyzing the respondents’ data and (4) issuing the wage determinations.”
Planning and scheduling surveys: In the third quarter of each year, the WHD distributes a Regional Planning Survey Report, published by the F. W. Dodge division of the McGraw-Hill Information Systems, to regional offices. The regional offices then consider the types of construction planned as well as the age of the current wage determination. This analysis determines when and where surveys will be conducted.
Issuance of surveys: WD-10 survey forms are sent to contractors and subcontractors along with a cover letter requesting information. Letters and forms are also sent to members of Congress, trade associations, and building trade unions to solicit information from them.
Compilation of data: WHD analysts then review the returned forms for completeness, ambiguity, and inconsistencies. If the information received is deemed to be inadequate, the scope of the survey may be expanded. For example, if it is determined that relevant projects have not been completed recently, or that the area is inadequately represented, WHD may conduct telephone surveys to increase the robustness of data.
Publication of data: Once compiled and analyzed, the wage determinations are made publicly available. See, for example, the Department of Labor website set up for this purpose: [http://www.wdol.gov/dba.aspx]
Controversy.
Three areas of controversy have surrounded the Davis–Bacon Act since the 1950s. In the beginning, these were touched off because of the Interstate Highway System and the volume of military construction that took place in the Cold War. These became more pronounced in the 1960s as the Space Race took off, and intensified in the wake of Nixon's suspension. Those areas, broadly considered, include (a) data collection and accuracy issues resulting from the way regulations have been formulated and administered, (b) the increased cost of federal construction projects, and (c) claims that the law is racist in conception and effect.
Data collection and publication concerns.
As noted above, the Wage and Hours Division of the Department of Labor collects data through surveys. These surveys are submitted voluntarily. Researchers have found that the methodology suffered from sampling bias and, in some cases, fraud. These are discussed below.
Statistical bias.
For the first 50 years, the WHD used union wages to satisfy the 30% rule. The GAO found similar results in 1979, just prior to the change to the 50% rule: ”Our evaluation of the wage determination files and inquiries regarding 73 wage determinations at Labor's headquarters and five of its regions showed that, in many instances, these wage rates were not adequately or accurately determined. About one-half of the area and project determinations we reviewed were not based on surveys the Department of Labor made of wages paid to workers on private projects in the locality where the wage rates issued were required to be paid. Instead, union-negotiated rates were used, on the assumption that those rates prevailed.”
The use of union data would probably prevail regardless of assumptions, since the data are collected through voluntary surveys. Since the responses are provided voluntarily, and since the response requires a substantial amount of work to understand and complete, it is in the interest of employers with high wage workforces and high overhead to respond. By answering the request for data when employers with lower wage workforces and low overhead do not, they pull the prevailing wage determination in their favor. For smaller employers and employers who do not participate in federal contracting, it is not worth the cost to complete the surveys. Furthermore, it is in the interest of local unions to respond to the surveys, since a predetermination of wage significantly below the union wage would allow non-union employers to bid successfully on contracts. Thus, the survey responses tend to be biased upwards towards collective bargaining agreement wage levels. This source of bias was noted in the DOL Office of the Inspector General report: “A past audit observed that the methods used by WH to obtain survey data allowed bias to be introduced into wage surveys. Statistical sampling of employers was not done. Only data from employers and third parties who volunteered to participate in the surveys were considered. Consequently, data that could have influenced survey results may have been omitted. Also, employers and third parties who may have had a stake in the outcome of wage decisions were afforded an opportunity to submit erroneous data that may have influenced the survey results.”
Fraud.
In addition to claims of bias, researchers and investigators have found evidence of fraud. In 1995, the state of Oklahoma conducted an investigation into the WHD-provided prevailing wages being used in state projects. This was of interest because Oklahoma had a Little Davis-Bacon law that, in an attempt to save on administrative costs, adopted the federal standards. When the state office was notified that some rates had increased 162%, it requested information from the WHD. The WHD denied the Oklahoma Department of Labor access to the survey forms used to determine the wages, so the Oklahoma Department of Labor undertook a criminal investigation. According to Brenda Reneau, then-Commissioner of the Oklahoma Department of Labor, “This investigation found that grossly inaccurate information had been reported to the Federal Government by what the U.S. Department of Labor calls interested third parties. We found inflated numbers of employees on projects, inflated wage rates reported for these same non-existent workers and we found projects that were never built. We also noticed what appears to be a pattern in the reporting method on many of the wage survey forms, as our visual presentation will show here today.” In response to this, “a follow-up investigation conducted by the U.S. Department of Labor confirms that not only was a great deal of inaccurate information reported, as we had alleged, but U.S. Department of Labor documents show certain unions in Oklahoma City as the parties who submitted that information. It appears that false information may have been submitted to the U.S. Department of Labor in an attempt, purposefully, to inflate Davis-Bacon wage rates.” In the wake of the state investigations, the WHD withdrew many prevailing wage findings for the state, and the Oklahoma Supreme Court found their Little Davis–Bacon statute to be in violation of the state constitution.
Publication delay.
Both academic and government researchers have found evidence that the procedures used by the WHD result in substantial publication delays. The WHD may take on average more than 30 months to issue data. These render the predetermined prevailing wage findings irrelevant since they may be publishing data that is no longer relevant or accurate.
Obsolescence of DBA.
In addition to these findings, some detractors have pointed out that the Davis–Bacon Act requirements were rendered moot by the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). At the time that Davis–Bacon Act was passed, legal scholars were divided on the question about whether the federal government could regulate labor costs and conditions. The Davis–Bacon Act was seen as a legitimate way to control labor wages and conditions on federal projects since there was clear jurisdiction on those. However, as the Depression rolled on, especially after the "West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish" ruling in 1937, the Roosevelt Administration succeeded in establishing a federal authority to dictate wages, including a federal, universal minimum wage. In the view of some reviewers, this superseded the need for a prevailing wage law specific to federal contracts.
Compared to Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Finally, some detractors have pointed out that the WHD collects the same data as the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), but does it with inferior methods. The BLS samples wages randomly instead of relying on self-reporting. The BLS also uses an interview approach to eliminate reporting errors. Academic researchers have found significant variations between the more accurate and timely BLS data and the WHD data; variances may run around 9%, but in some cases the WHD data may be too low. For these reasons, the DOL Office of Inspector General directed the WHD to investigate whether the BLS wage data could be used in place of the WHD wage data. They declined to do so, prompting another audit of their methodology.
Cost.
As described above, the Davis–Bacon Act requires contractors to pay a prevailing wage as predetermined by the WHD. One stated purpose of this is to prevent a “race to the bottom” in which employers may use migrant and other low-skill, unemployed workers to perform the work at low costs. If such a possibility exists in an otherwise free market, then Davis-Bacon requirements artificially inflate labor costs above market levels. In addition, companies that participate in federal construction jobs are required to collect data and report regularly. This adds to overhead costs. As a result of these cost increases, projects of a given scope cost more than they would otherwise, or that projects of a given budget must be constrained in scope, or some combination of both.
Supporters of the Davis–Bacon Act contend that these costs differences either don't exist or may be justified. One contention is that higher paid labor may be paid more because they have superior skills and are more productive. Under this assumption, a union journeyman would be worth the additional money because he works faster, more accurately, and with less supervision than an inexperienced worker. For example, four union journeyman paid $25 per hour might perform as well as or better than five entry level workers being paid $20 per hour. Others point out that federal projects tend to be more complex and require more skilled labor than on either private or state projects. Yet another counterpoint is that by inflating wages, such requirements direct more income into the middle class rather than paying rock bottom dollars to unskilled labor through federal programs while supporting their families through social service programs. Finally, blogger Matthew Yglesias has suggested that because union workers tend to vote overwhelmingly Democratic, and because Democrats favor more federal projects, then Davis-Bacon may actually increase the amount of infrastructure built by supporting those who indirectly vote for more programs.
Racism.
Intent and early operation.
At the time of original passage, the Jim Crow Laws were in effect throughout the Southern United States. During World War I, immigration from Europe fell dramatically at precisely the time that Northern industry required additional labor for the war effort. As a result, northern industry and entrepreneurs began to recruit laborers from the South. This brought about or accelerated the Great Migration in which black (and white) laborers from the South came North in search of better pay and opportunity.
The migration in turn created new demographic challenges in the North. White workers were competing against new labor; in some cases, the black workers were used as pawns in an effort to break unions. There were widespread efforts to recruit black workers and in reaction, efforts to thwart recruitment. Black migrants were restricted to specific neighborhoods in northern cities where the buildings were in poor condition and rents were high, forcing them to live in dense conditions.
In that context, the protests against the Long Island hospital built with migrant labor can be seen for what they were: resistance outside of the Jim Crow South to black workers. During this time, complaints about black workers taking federal construction jobs appear sporadically through the legislation history of both prior bills that anticipated Davis-Bacon, and Davis-Bacon itself. On the floor of the House of Representatives, Congressman Upshaw said: "You will not think that a southern man is more than human if he smiles over the fact of your reaction to that real problem you are confronted with in any community with a superabundance or large aggregation of negro labor." John J. Cochran of Missouri reported that he had "received numerous complaints in recent months about southern contractors employing low-paid colored mechanics getting work and bringing the employees from the South". Representative Clayton Allgood reported on "cheap colored labor" that "is in competition with white labor throughout the country".
Despite the initial complaints about the use of migrant workers, the Act does not require that contractors show that workers engaged are local residents, but rather requires that laborers be paid the local prevailing wage. Due to the way the data were collected at that time and due to the fact that construction trades were heavily unionized at that time by craft unions, “prevailing wage” effectively meant “union journeyman wage” as discussed above. Unions operate by negotiating for higher wages, and then working to restrict those eligible for the higher wages to union membership. Craft unions did not admit black apprentices, and therefore black laborers did not have the opportunity to advance to journeyman status. According to Bernstein, “as of 1940 blacks composed 19 percent of the 435,000 unskilled "construction laborers" in the United States and 45 percent of the 87,060 in the South”, and according to Hill, "the increase of Negro participation in building trades apprenticeship training programs rose only from 1.5% to 2%" in New York between 1950 and 1960. Furthermore, Hill pointed out that "ecause the National Labor Relations Board has done little to enforce the anti-closed shop provisions of the Taft Hartley Act, building trades unions affiliated to the AFL-CIO in most instances are closed unions operating closed shops". Therefore, the requirements and mechanisms of the Davis–Bacon Act necessarily prevented black laborers from participating in federally funded construction projects. “According to a study on youth and minority employment published by the Congressional Joint Economic Committee on July 6, 1977, Davis–Bacon wage requirements discourage nonunion contractors from bidding on Federal construction work, thus harming minority and young workers who are more likely to work in the nonunionized sector of the construction industry.” Even if racism was not the intent, racial discrimination was the outcome.
Subsequent developments.
The Congress of Industrial Organizations split from the American Federation of Labor in 1935. The AFL was predominantly made up of craft unions, most of which disallowed black members. The CIO was integrationist. In the years which followed, the AFL and CIO moved towards each other and toward integration. By the time they re-united in 1955, unions were much less discriminatory. Even more recently, rules introduced by the Johnson, Nixon, and Reagan Administrations have reduced the discriminatory effects of the Davis–Bacon Act. Black interest groups have found common cause with unions and the NAACP passed a resolution in 1993 in support of the DBA.

</doc>
<doc id="19288563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288563" title="Fishermen's Protective Union">
Fishermen's Protective Union

The Fishermen's Protective Union (sometimes called the Fisherman's Protective Union, the FPU, The Union or the Union Party) was a workers' organisation and political party in the Dominion of Newfoundland. In many ways, the development of the FPU matched that of the United Farmers movement in parts of Canada.
Origins and purpose.
The FPU was founded on 3 November 1908 by William Coaker and nineteen men following a speech by him at the Orange Hall in Herring Neck as a cooperative movement for fishers on the northeast coast of Newfoundland. It was the first serious attempt to organise fishers as a political movement along class lines. With a rallying cry of "to each his own" the FPU sought to achieve reforms in Newfoundland society to attain an equitable distribution of wealth in the fishing industry.
At its peak, it had more than 21,000 members in 206 councils across the island; more than half of Newfoundland's fishers. The FPU set up the Fishermen's Union Trading Co. (UTC) which established stores throughout the province which would purchase fish from fishers for cash and would also import goods to sell to fishers directly at a non-inflated price, thus circumventing the St. John's fish merchants. Previously, merchants did not pay cash for fish but advanced fisherman staple goods at an inflated price on credit and then took took the fishers' cured fish at the end of the season at rate determined by the merchant – a system which kept most fishers in perpetual debt making him dependent on the merchant.
Roman Catholic opposition.
The party was overwhelmingly, almost exclusively Protestant, and was accused of having links with the Orange Order. As a consequence, it was distrusted by Roman Catholic voters, and vigorously opposed by the Roman Catholic Church, who opposed the union not only for its alleged Orange links, but also for its trade unionism and class-based politics. Archbishop M.F. Howley of St. John's, objected to the FPU as he was concerned that the secular union might undermine the church's authority among Catholics living in Newfoundland's outports. Howley's successor, Archbishop Roche, was even more opposed to the union, particularly when it moved towards political activity. The church's hostility to the union impeded its ability to recruit members in Catholic areas such as the southern Avalon Peninsula and in Conception Bay.
Bonavista Platform.
In 1912 the FPU adopted the Bonavista Platform, a political manifesto calling for radical change in fishery policy, social policy and governance. Consisting of 31 planks it an advocated co-operative marketing and government regulation of fish grading. In social policy it proposed the reduction of tariffs on staple foods, improvements to old age pensions, free and compulsory education and a minimum wage. The Platform also called for democratic reforms such as the right to recall Members of the Newfoundland House of Assembly and having a salary for elected representatives to make it feasible for those who are not independently wealthy to be involved in politics.
Electoral politics.
The FPU entered electoral politics in 1913 as a left-wing party with a platform calling for government regulation of the fisheries, administrative and constitutional reform, and the extension of education and social welfare. Eight members of the FPU were elected to the House of Assembly in 1913 including Coaker.
The FPU believed that the interests of fishers were being ignored by the mainstream parties, and that candidates elected on a class basis would be able to hold the balance of power and influence government in the interests of fishermen. In his maiden speech to the House of Assembly, Coaker spoke of the significance of outport fishermen gaining a measure of political power. "It is not an accident we have come here," he said, " revolution ... has been fought in Newfoundland. The fisherman, the toiler of Newfoundland has made up his mind that he is going to be represented on the floors of this House."
FPU members of the House of Assembly joined Edward Patrick Morris' wartime National Government of 1917 with Coaker as minister of fisheries. The FPU's reputation was hurt, however, by its support of the government's conscription policy which was unpopular in Newfoundland's outport fishing villages, particularly as by taking their sons overseas it hurt the ability of fishing families to earn enough to support themselves. Coaker had promised that there would be no conscription without a referendum but he and the FPU ended up supporting the government's decision to implement the measure without a vote resulting in some FPU council's passing resolutions to censure Coaker.
In 1919, the FPU joined with the Liberal Party of Newfoundland led by Richard Squires to form the Liberal Reform Party. The Liberal-Union coalition won 24 of 36 seats in the 1919 general election with half of the coalition's seats being won by Union candidates. Coaker was appointed Fisheries Minister and attempted to introduce regulations to control the prices of fish exported abroad but the rules were too weak and failed in its goal of preventing Newfoundland's exporters from undercutting each other. The fishery industry declined in the 1920s as a result causing high unemployment, falling fish prices and emigration from the island. The influence of the FPU subsequently declined and it withdrew from electoral politics in 1924 though it attempted a return in the 1928 election winning 9 seats and becoming a junior partner in the government of Frederick C. Alderdice with much less influence then it enjoyed a decade earlier. Coaker became minister without portfolio and again attempted to pass reforms to the fishing industry but was not successful. The downward economic spiral caused by the decline of the fishing industry was aggravated further by the Great Depression resulting in the collapse of responsible government in 1934 and the implementation of direct rule from Britain via the Commission of Government.
Coaker resigned as FPU president in 1923 but retained his position as leader of the Fishermen's Union Trading Company.
Decline.
The FPU's political role ended entirely with the suspension of responsible government in 1934 (which Coaker supported). The union became a service organisation for its members, running businesses and its activities on behalf of fishermen and loggers. The FPU survived into the post-confederation period when democratic politics resumed in 1949 though it ran no candidates and had faded away by 1960. The Fishermen's Union Trading Co. survived until 1977 when it fell into receivership resulting in its ten remaining stores being sold.
Legacy.
In 1999, the town founded by the FPU, Port Union, was designated a National Historic Site of Canada as the only town in Canada to have been established by a union.
Song.
The original anthem of the Fishermens Protective Union was titled "We are Coming Mr. Coaker" which was sung or chanted at FPU meetings to show support for Coaker and his movement to unite the fishermen. The author of the work is unknown. The source of the tune has been identified as the American Civil War song "We Are Coming, Father Abraham, Three Hundred Thousand More", a call to arms written in 1862 by James Sloan Gibbons.
An additional verse was added to the song during the 1990s when Port Union was being brushed up to be a heritage site.

</doc>
<doc id="19288568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19288568" title="Dave Ferguson (boxer)">
Dave Ferguson (boxer)

David Mark "Dave" Ferguson (born 28 February 1976 in North Shields) is a British heavyweight boxer based in Wallsend, England. His record stands at 12 wins and 3 loss after 8 bouts.
Ferguson competed in the "Prizefighter" competition at York Hall, Bethnal Green. He beat Billy Bessey in the opening round, before losing to Martin Rogan, the eventual winner, in the semi-final.
He also competed in the second "Prizefighter" competition in Newcastle-upon-Tyne on 12 September 2008. He went out on a split decision to Luke Simpkin in the opening round.

</doc>
