<doc id="19134606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134606" title="WJ">
WJ

WJ or Wj may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19134624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134624" title="Blair Bridge (U.S. Route 30)">
Blair Bridge (U.S. Route 30)

The Blair Bridge or Abraham Lincoln Memorial Bridge carries U.S. Route 30 between the U.S. states of Nebraska and Iowa, across the Missouri River near Blair, Nebraska. Rail traffic crosses via the parallel Blair Bridge (Union Pacific Railroad).

</doc>
<doc id="19134632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134632" title="1951 college football season">
1951 college football season

The 1951 NCAA football season finished with seven unbeaten major college teams, of which five were unbeaten and untied. Ultimately, the Tennessee Volunteers were voted the best team by the Associated Press, followed by the Michigan State Spartans, with the Vols having a plurality of first place votes (139 to 104). Tennessee lost in the Sugar Bowl to the equally undefeated and untied #3 Maryland Terrapins, but the postseason games were not taken into account by the major polls. Tennessee, Maryland, Michigan State, and Illinois all claim national championships for 1951.
During the 20th century, the NCAA had no playoff for the college football teams that would later be described as "Division I-A". The NCAA did recognize a national champion based upon the final results of "wire service" (AP and UPI) polls. The extent of that recognition came in the form of acknowledgment in the annual "NCAA Football Guide" of the "unofficial" national champions. The AP poll in 1951 consisted of the votes of as many as 307 sportswriters. 
Though not all writers voted in every poll, each would give their opinion of the ten best teams. Under a point system of 10 points for first place, 9 for second, etc., the "overall" ranking was determined. Although the rankings were based on the collective opinion of the representative sportswriters, the teams that remained "unbeaten and untied" were generally ranked higher than those that had not. A defeat, even against a strong opponent, tended to cause a team to drop in the rankings, and a team with two or more defeats was unlikely to remain in the Top 20. Generally, the top teams played on New Year's Day in the four major postseason bowl games: the Rose Bowl (near Los Angeles at Pasadena), the Sugar Bowl (New Orleans), the Orange Bowl (Miami), and the Cotton Bowl (Dallas).
September.
In the preseason poll released on September 24, 1951, Tennessee and Michigan State were ranked first and second, with Tennessee having 60 of the 115 first place votes. MSU had opened its season on the 22nd with a 6-0 win over Oregon State. They were followed by #3 Ohio State, defending champion #4 Oklahoma, and #5 California (which had won its opener against Santa Clara, 34-0). As the regular season progressed, a new poll would be issued on the Monday following the weekend's games. 
On '"September 14", the Central Missouri Jules played the Southwestern Moundbuilders in the rejected touchdown game where Southwestern's head coach Harold Hunt "rejected" a touchdown awarded by officials because his player stepped out of bounds.
On September 29 #1 Tennessee beat Mississippi State 14-0. #2 Michigan State won at Michigan, 25-0, to take the top spot from the Vols. #3 Ohio State beat visiting SMU 7-0 in a win not deemed good enough to stay in the top five. #4 Oklahoma beat William & Mary 49-7. #5 California won in Philadelphia against Penn, 35-0, and rose to second in the next poll. The game was broadcast in New York in a test for color television Notre Dame, which had beaten Indiana 48-6, rose to fifth. The poll: 1.Michigan State 2.California 3.Tennessee 4.Oklahoma 5.Notre Dame
October.
October 6 #1 Michigan State won at Ohio State, 24-20. #2 California beat Minnesota, 55-14. #3 Tennessee beat Duke 26-0. #4 Oklahoma lost at #10 Texas A&M, 14-7 and fell out of the top bracket, and the Aggies took their place. #5 Notre Dame had beaten Mercy College of Detroit, 40-6, the night before. The poll: 1.Michigan State 2.California 3.Tennessee 4.Texas A&M 5.Notre Dame
October 13 #1 Michigan State had trouble in defeating Marquette 20-14. #2 California beat Washington State 42-35 and took over the top spot from the Spartans in the next poll. #3 Tennessee beat the University of Chattanooga (now UT Chattanooga, but athletically branded simply as "Chattanooga") 42-13. #4 Texas A&M beat Trinity College 53-14 and fell from the top five. #5 Notre Dame lost to visiting SMU, 27-20. Taking the places of the Aggies and the Irish were #6 Texas (which had beaten Oklahoma in Dallas, 9-7) and #8 Georgia Tech (which had beaten LSU 25-7. The poll: 1.California 2.Tennessee 3.Michigan State 4.Texas 5.Georgia Tech
October 20 In Los Angeles, #1 California and USC, both unbeaten at 4-0-0, faced off, and the Golden Bears lost the game, along with the top spot in the poll, 21-14. Earlier, in Birmingham, #2 Tennessee defeated Alabama 27-13. #3 Michigan State won at Penn State, 32-21. #4 Texas lost at Arkansas, 16-14. #5 Georgia Tech defeated Auburn 27-7. Appearing in the top five were #8 Illinois (which had a 27-20 win over Washington) and #7 Maryland (which had beaten North Carolina 14-7). The poll: 1.Tennessee 2.Michigan State 3.Georgia Tech 4.Illinois 5.Maryland
Another significant game on this date, though for a far different reason, was the Drake–Oklahoma A&M matchup. Drake star Johnny Bright became the first black to ever play against Oklahoma A&M on their home field. However, the game was marred by a racially motivated attack by white Oklahoma A&M player Wilbanks Smith, who knocked Bright unconscious three times in the first quarter, with the last of the three blows breaking his jaw. The attack was immortalized in a photo sequence in the "Des Moines Register" that won the photographers a Pulitzer Prize. It also had an enduring legacy on the sport:
October 27 #1 Tennessee beat Tennessee Tech 68-0. #3 Michigan State beat visiting Pitt, 53-26. #3 Georgia Tech won narrowly at Vanderbilt, 8-7. #4 Illinois won at Indiana, 21-0. Unbeaten (4-0-0) and #5 Maryland visited once-beaten (4-1-0) LSU, and won convincingly, 27-0. With all five teams staying unbeaten, the poll changed slightly: 1.Tennessee 2.Michigan State 3.Illinois 4.Maryland 5.Georgia Tech
November.
November 3 #1 Tennessee won at North Carolina, 27-0 for its fourth shutout. In six games, the Vols had outscored their opponents, 207-14. #2 Michigan State was idle and dropped to fifth in the next poll. #3 Illinois beat Michigan 7-0. #4 Maryland shut out Missouri 35-0. #5 Georgia Tech was tied by Duke, 14-14. #6 Princeton, which rose to 5-0-0 after a 12-0 win over Brown, gave an Ivy League addition to the Top Five. Michigan State came back to the five after a 53-26 win over Pitt. The poll: 1.Tennessee 2.Illinois 3.Maryland 4.Princeton 5.Michigan State.
November 10 #1 Tennessee beat Washington & Lee, 60-14. #2 Illinois beat Iowa 40-13. In Baltimore, #3 Maryland beat Navy, 40-21. #4 Princeton won at Harvard, 54-13, and left the top five. #5 Michigan State (6-0-0) hosted Notre Dame (5-1-0) and shut out the Irish, 35-0, and returned to #1 spot in the poll. In Los Angeles, two unbeaten and untied (7-0-0) powers faced off, as #7 Stanford and USC met. The Stanford Indians (they would later be called the Cardinal) beat the Trojans 27-20. The poll: 1.Michigan State 2.Tennessee 3.Illinois 4.Stanford 5.Maryland 
November 17 #1 Michigan State won at Indiana, 30-26. #2 Tennessee won at Mississippi, 46-21. #3 Illinois got a blemish on its record with a 0-0 tie at Ohio State. #4 Stanford beat Oregon State 35-14. #5 Maryland overwhelmed N.C. State 53-0. Princeton, which had shut out Yale 27-0, came back to the top five. The poll: 1.Tennessee 2.Michigan State
3.Stanford 4.Maryland 5.Princeton
November 24 
The University of San Francisco Dons closed their season—and their football program—with a perfect record of 9 wins, 0 losses and 0 ties. After their November 24 game against Loyola Marymount University, a 20-2 win, USF stopped playing football.
Conference standings.
The following is an incomplete list of conference standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19134648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134648" title="Lac de Roy">
Lac de Roy

Lac de Roy is a lake in Haute-Savoie, France. It is located 2 km west of le Praz de Lys (Praz de Lys-Sommand?) ski resort, in the commune of Taninges.

</doc>
<doc id="19134660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134660" title="Lac de l'Aiguillette">
Lac de l'Aiguillette

Lac de l'Aiguillette is a lake in Haute-Savoie, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19134661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134661" title="List of the Pour le Mérite (military class) recipients">
List of the Pour le Mérite (military class) recipients

The list contains recipients of the Pour le Mérite military class. Since the foundation, a total of 5,430 soldiers, sailors and servicemen received this award. The Pour le Mérite was the Kingdom of Prussia's highest military order for German soldiers until the end of World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19134664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134664" title="Lauren Woolstencroft">
Lauren Woolstencroft

Lauren Woolstencroft (born November 24, 1981 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian alpine skier and electrical engineer. Born missing her left arm below the elbow as well as both legs below the knees, she began skiing at the age of 4 and began competitive skiing at the age of 14. She is a multiple medal winner at the Paralympics. In 1998, she was nicknamed "Pudding" by her teammates, due to her sweet tooth.
She graduated with an electrical engineering degree from the University of Victoria. She now resides in North Vancouver.
Sporting career.
She represented Canada at the 2002 Winter Paralympics in Salt Lake City, winning two gold medals and a bronze. 
She represented her country again at the 2006 Games in Turin, winning gold in the Giant Slalom and silver in the Super G. 
She had contemplated retiring after the 2006 Games, but decided to stick around through the 2010 Games in Canada.
In 2007, during the International Paralympic Committee's General Assembly in Seoul, Woolstencroft was named the Paralympic Sport Awards 2007 Best Female Athlete. She was inducted into the Terry Fox Hall of Fame in 2007.
In the 2010 Winter Paralympics she won 5 gold medals for Giant Slalom, Slalom, Super-G, Downhill Skiing, and Super Combined. She became the first Canadian to win 3 golds at the same Winter Paralympics, this total was later increased to 5 golds. With her 4th gold medal, she helped Canada set a record for most gold medals at any Winter Paralympic Games by winning the 7th medal. The previous mark was six, set at the 2002 Salt Lake City Paralympics. With her 5th gold medal, she set the record for most gold medals won by any Winter Paralympian at a single Games, and she tied the record for gold medal haul of any Canadian Paralympian at a single Games, tying Chantal Petitclerc (who did the feat twice) and Stephanie Dixon, both Summer Paralympians. Her five gold are also the record for any Canadian Winter Paralympian or Olympian.
Woolstencroft won the Whang Youn Dai Achievement Award in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19134671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134671" title="Karenia (dinoflagellate)">
Karenia (dinoflagellate)

Karenia is a genus of 12 species of dinoflagellates which were formerly included in the genus "Gymnodinium".
A number of species cause red tides, including "Karenia brevis" off the coast of Florida and "Karenia mikimotoi" which was first described in Japan, but is now found in the Atlantic ocean as well, probably spread by ballast water.

</doc>
<doc id="19134672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134672" title="George Cram">
George Cram

George Cram may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19134674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134674" title="Hotel McAlpin">
Hotel McAlpin

The Hotel McAlpin was constructed in 1912 on Herald Square, at the corner of Broadway and 34th street in Manhattan, New York City by General Edwin A. McAlpin, son of David Hunter McAlpin. When opened it was the largest hotel in the world. The hotel was designed by the noted architect Frank Mills Andrews (1867–1948). Andrews also was president of the Greeley Square Hotel Company which first operated the hotel.
Construction of the Hotel McAlpin neared completion by the end of 1912 so that the hotel had an open house on 29 December. The largest hotel in the world at the time, "The New York Times" commented that it was so tall at 25 stories that it “seems isolated from other buildings” Boasting a staff of 1,500, the hotel could accommodate 2,500 guests. It was built at a cost of $13.5 million (nearly 300 million in 2010 dollars ). The top floor had a Turkish bath and there were two gender-specific floors; women checking into the hotel could reserve a room on the women's only floor and bypass the lobby and check in directly at their own floor. One floor, dubbed the “sleepy 16th” was designed for night workers so that it was kept quiet during the day. It also hosted a travel agency.
The McAlpin hosted what may be the first broadcast from a New York hotel in 1920, by singer Luisa Tetrazzini from her room in the hotel. The Army Signal Corps arranged the broadcast, and later, in 1922, the McAlpin became one of the first hotels to link ship-to-shore radios into their phone system. The hotel would later be the first home of, and give the call letters to, radio station WMCA in 1925.
Luisa Tetrazzini (1871-1940) was an Italian lyric coloratura soprano who had an enormous popularity in America from the 1900s-1920s. Several dishes were named after her, the origin of the “Tetrazzini” dish is unknown, but several newspaper articles attribute it to a famous chef (not named) in New York City. Luisa Tetrazzini supposedly gave her recipe for “Spaghetti Tetrazzini” to Louis Paquet, Executive Chef of the McAlpin Hotel on Herald Square in New York City.
Luisa Terazzini would subsequently take cooking lessons from Chef Louis Paquet of the McAlpin Hotel on how to make his Spaghetti Tetrazzini before embarking on one of her concert tours. 
The hotel underwent an expansion half a decade later. The owners had purchased an additional 50 feet of frontage on 34th street two years early and proceeded to dismantle those properties. The new addition was the same height as the original 25-story building, and was expected to provide an additional 200 rooms, four more elevators, and a large ballroom. A major refurbishment costing $2.1 million was completed in 1928 refreshing the rooms, installing modern bathrooms and updating the elevators.
The McAlpin family sold the hotel in 1938 to Jamlee Hotels, headed by Joseph Levy, president of Crawford Cloths, a prominent real estate investor in New York for $5,400,000. Jamlee reportedly invested an additional $1,760,000 in renovations. During the Jamlee ownership, the hotel was managed by the Knott Hotel Chain until 1952 when management was taken over by Tisch. On 15 October 1954 Jamlee sold the hotel to Sheraton Hotels for $9,000,000 and it was renamed the Sheraton-McAlpin, then later the Sheraton-Atlantic Hotel.
The hotel's Marine Grill was considered one of the more unusual interiors in the city of New York due to "an expansive grotto of polychrome terra cotta designed by the artist Frederick Dana Marsh." The building owner had closed the restaurant and historic preservationists were concerned with the future of the artwork. Their worst fears were realized when Susan Tunick, president of the non-profit group Friends of Terra Cotta, saw dumpsters outside the hotel filled with fragments from the murals. Rescue efforts were eventually successful when the murals were reassembled under the oversight of the MTA Arts for Transit Program at the William Street entrance to the Fulton Street subway station.
In the late 1970s the building was converted to 700 rental apartments. During the housing bubble, the building attempted to convert to condominiums but ultimately failed. It is currently a rental building known as Herald Towers.

</doc>
<doc id="19134683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134683" title="Devpura Rupetha">
Devpura Rupetha

Devpura Rupetha is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,794 persons living in 959 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19134696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134696" title="Canoeing at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 10000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-1 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1936 Summer Olympics. The K-1 event is raced by single-man canoe sprint kayaks and took place on Friday, August 7.
Fifteen canoers from 15 nations competed.
Final.
Friday, August 7, 1936: Only a final was held.

</doc>
<doc id="19134700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134700" title="Dhabouli (Nepal)">
Dhabouli (Nepal)

Dhabouli is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,476 persons living in 1037 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19134706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134706" title="Anti-scratch coating">
Anti-scratch coating

An anti-scratch or scratch-resistant coating is a film or coating that can be applied to optical surfaces, such as the faces of a lens or photographic film. The coating does not interfere with how the lenses function and does not affect vision, but creates a permanent bond with the lens that reduces the appearance of hairline scratches which is common to eyeglass lenses. Though an anti-scratch coating is not 100% scratch-proof, it helps to prevent minor scratches that can easily happen to a regular lens. These minor scratches can damage the surface of the lens and impair vision. An anti-scratch coating acts as a protective layer thus making the lenses more durable.
In addition to lenses, anti-scratch coatings are often used on plastic products wherever optical clarity, weathering and chemical resistance are required. These include optical discs, displays, injection molded parts, gauges and other instruments, mirrors, signs, eye safety/protective goggles, and cosmetic packaging. These coatings are usually water-based or solvent-based. 
Anti-scratch coatings are generally applied via spray (hand or automated), dip, spin, roll or flow coating. Most coating types can be cleaned with a common glass cleaner and a soft cloth.

</doc>
<doc id="19134715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134715" title="Dhalkebar">
Dhalkebar

Dhalkebar is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,797 persons living in 1374 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19134719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134719" title="Sportfive">
Sportfive

Sportfive is an international sports rights marketing agency with a global network of locations and affiliated companies.
Sportfive was formed in 2001 when the European Commission unconditionally approved the merger between the sports rights activities of Jean-Claude Darmon, Sport+, a subsidiary of Canal+ Group, and RTL Group’s sports rights division, UFA Sports. In 2004 the private equity firm Advent International finalised its acquisition of Sportfive, and in November 2006 sold it to the French media giant Lagardère for an estimated €865 million. Since that time, Sportfive has been a wholly owned subsidiary of Lagardère.
Sportfive is the world’s no.1 football agency and one of the largest sports agencies worldwide.
In recent years, Sportfive has optimised and fine-tuned its comprehensive marketing concept for football clubs. The concept includes recruiting a suitable shirt sponsor, marketing advertising panels in the stadium, organising of hospitality events, marketing TV and Internet rights, and developing marketing concepts and realising them in a professional manner with a team based at the club. Currently Sportfive International Sàrl is the official sales agent of Match Hospitality in the territory of Continental Europe for the sale of the Official Hospitality Programme for the 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa.
In February 2009, the International Olympic Committee appointed Sportfive as its official media rights agent for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, and the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil across all distribution platforms, in 40 European markets. In addition to its leading role in the field of football marketing, Sportfive is also involved in many other international professional sports arenas such as handball, basketball, triathlon, tennis and motor sports.
Sportfive has cooperations in place with more than 30 football associations and over 250 clubs, as well as ten leagues. In Germany, Sportfive already represents ten Bundesliga clubs (among others: Hamburger SV, Hertha BSC Berlin, Karlsruher SC and Borussia Dortmund). Leading clubs from other European football leagues have also chosen to sign with Sportfive, including Olympique Lyon, Paris St. Germain, AJ Auxerre and AS Monaco from the French Ligue 1 and Atalanta Bergamo, U.C. Sampdoria and Juventus F.C. from Italy’s Serie A.
In August 2012, Sportfive has organized the friendly between Dinamo Bucharest and FC Barcelona at the Arena Națională, Bucharest, Romania. The agency is also planning a summer friendly tournament in the same location for the next year.
In Germany, the company was instrumental in brokering the naming rights for the HSH Nordbank Arena in Hamburg, the Commerzbank Arena in Frankfurt, the Signa Iduna Park in Dortmund and others.
Sportfive also offers a wide range of consulting services and regularly publishes comprehensive market and media studies, feasibility studies and up-to-date market research reports.
Sportfive Italia.
Sportfive Italy is part of the international Sportfive Group and cooperates with the Serie A teams Juventus F.C., Atalanta B.C. and U.C. Sampdoria. For these clubs, Sportfive Italy is the concessionaire of certain marketing and commercial rights. As part of a long-term strategic partnership with Juventus, Sportfive Italy exclusively sells the naming right and markets other promotional and sponsorship rights for the new stadium in Turin. Since 2001, the agency has been implementing its comprehensive marketing model for Atalanta B.C. This comprehensive marketing model developed by Sportfive integrates different sponsorship and hospitality tools into an interlinked marketing network and has been successfully applied to numerous clubs across Europe. For U.C. Sampdoria, Sportfive Italy manages specific aspects of the commercial and marketing rights. The newly established Italian unit for Stadium Development draws on the Sportfive Group’s expertise in this field and manages new stadium construction and modernisation projects in all phases.

</doc>
<doc id="19134722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134722" title="Behave Yourself (1962 film)">
Behave Yourself (1962 film)

Behave Yourself is a 1962 British short comedy film directed by Michael Winner, produced by Harold Baim and featuring Dennis Price, Jack Jackson and Pete Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="19134725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134725" title="Dhanauji">
Dhanauji

Dhanauji is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,581 persons living in 974 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19134739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134739" title="Holocaust 2000">
Holocaust 2000

Holocaust 2000 is a 1977 British-Italian horror film directed by Alberto De Martino and starring Kirk Douglas.
Plot.
Despite doomsday warnings from throngs of locals, wealthy industrialist Robert Caine (Kirk Douglas) makes the controversial decision to build a nuclear power plant near a sacred cave in the Middle East. But before Caine can reap the benefits of his latest bid for global domination, he discovers that his son, Angel (Simon Ward), is the Antichrist, who is planning to use his father's project to trigger the end of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19134740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134740" title="2008–09 Stoke City F.C. season">
2008–09 Stoke City F.C. season

The 2008–09 season was Stoke City's first season in the Premier League and the 53rd in the top tier of English football.
After gaining promotion to the Premier League for the first time, Stoke were immediately tipped to go straight back down by the media. Dave Kitson became the first signing and he was followed by Seyi Olofinjana, Thomas Sørensen, Amdy Faye, Abdoulaye Faye and the returning Danny Higginbotham. Stoke started the campaign at Bolton Wanderers and were dealt a harsh reality check losing 3–1. Stoke's first home game in the Premier League produced an exciting 3–2 win over Aston Villa with Mamady Sidibe getting the winner in the 93rd minute. City claimed an unlikely away point at Liverpool in September.
Stoke only claimed only nine points away from home. However Stoke's home form was very good with 10 wins coming at the Britannia Stadium. Victories over Tottenham Hotspur, Arsenal and Manchester City amongst the most impressive. While wins over Middlesbrough, Blackburn Rovers and Bolton perhaps the most important. Despite being tipped to go down easily Stoke confirmed survival with a win at Hull and finished the season in 12th place with 45 points 11 points above the relegation zone.
Season review.
Pre-season friendlies.
Stoke began their preparations for the 2008–09 season with the traditional opener at Newcastle Town. City won 3–0 with goals coming from Cresswell, Parkin and Rooney. Stoke then travelled to Austria for their pre-season training camp, where they also played two games. The first was against German side Nuremberg in Stainach, Greek forward Angelos Charisteas scored the only goal of the match. The second was against the Bahrain national team, a rare club v country match. Stoke won 2–1 with the goals coming from Cresswell and Pericard while Ismail Abdul-Latif replied for the Arabic nation.
On their return to England Stoke travelled to League Two Notts County and came away with a 2–0 win thanks to a brace from Mamady Sidibe. Stoke kept their winning run going as they visited Shrewsbury Town's new stadium the New Meadow for the first time, Cresswell scoring the winning goal after 68 minutes.
Stoke's final away fixture saw them make the long trip down to Southampton. Stoke took the lead through new signing Dave Kitson, David McGoldrick levelled before Pericard scored from distance. Stern John pulled "Saints" level again but Stoke were not to be denied as Jamie Hatch scored an own goal. Stoke's final friendly saw them take on Spanish side Osasuna in what was an entertaining 2–2 draw. Delap and Shawcross scored for city while Walter Pandiani and Javad Nekounam scored for "Los Rojillos"
Premier League.
August.
Stoke began their long awaited first match in the Premier League and first in the top-flight for 23 years away at Gary Megson's Bolton Wanderers. Manager Tony Pulis gave debuts to new signings Thomas Sørensen, Seyi Olofinjana and record £5 million man Dave Kitson. Stoke made a bright start and went close to opening the scoring through Leon Cort and Kitson. However, out of nowhere Bolton took the lead through a 'freak' goal by Grétar Steinsson, when the left back's cross curled in to the Stoke net. This knocked all the momentum out of Stoke and Bolton took full advantage and scored twice through Kevin Davies and Johan Elmander to put Wanderers 3–0 up at half-time. Stoke tried to get back into the game and did manage to score a consolation from Ricardo Fuller in the final few seconds of the match.
Stoke's first home match in the Premier League came against Aston Villa in front of 27,500 at the Brit as Senegalese duo Abdoulaye Faye and Amdy Faye made their debuts. Both sides made a positive start and Stoke took the lead in the 30th minute when Liam Lawrence scored from the spot after Martin Laursen had brought down Rory Delap. Villa pulled level in second half through John Carew before Fuller put Stoke back in front with a quality goal, Gareth Barry was disposed by Delap who passed to Lawrence who fed in Fuller and the Jamaican 'swiveled' past Laursen and scored. The lead didn't last long as Stoke failed to deal with an Ashley Young free kick and Laursen made amends for his earlier errors. Stoke were not to be denied victory as in the final minute a trade mark Delap throw in was headed in by Mamady Sidibe to give Stoke a 3–2 win.
Stoke next travelled to Middlesbrough for the first time since 1997. The match was an even affair until the 36th minute when Amdy Faye was sent off for a dangerous two footed tackle on Mohamed Shawky. From the resulting free kick Alfonso Alves put Middlesbrough into the lead against the run of play. Boro had the chance to make sure of the win mid way through the second half after Faye fouled Alves in the area but Stewart Downing hit the crossbar. Stoke then equalised after Justin Hoyte put a Lawrence cross in to his own net. However star Turkish striker Tuncay Şanlı beat the offside trap and gave Boro the win.
September.
For the visit of Everton there were debuts for Ibrahima Sonko and the return of Danny Higginbotham. It was also the first live televised match of the season. Stoke made the better start with Fuller testing Tim Howard early on. It was Everton though who opened the scoring though Nigerian striker Yakubu just before half time and five minutes after the restart it became 2–0 as another Nigerian, Victor Anichebe, headed in. Stoke pulled one back through a Nigerian of their own when Olofinjana volleyed in after the Everton defence failed to clear a Delap throw. City thought they had equalised moments latter when Fuller went through and rounded 'keeper Howard but he was penalised for a foul on Yobo. They were level soon though as Phil Jagielka headed a Delap throw into his own net. Everton thought they should have had a penalty when Cort handled in the area but the referee deemed it outside the box which resulted in David Moyes been sent to the stands for his protest. Tim Cahill headed Everton back in front and the Toffees held out for the points.
Stoke completed the Merseyside double with a trip to Anfield. Liverpool went into the match in fine form and it looked to be a very difficult task for Stoke to come away with anything. Stoke made a bad start as Steven Gerrard's free kick found the back of the net, luckily for Stoke the linesman ruled the goal out for offside. Liverpool had numerous chances to take the lead but Stoke's defence held firm and came away with an impressive 0–0.
Title favourites Chelsea next came the Britannia Stadium and produced a commanding performance with two goals from Boswinga and Anelka. Stoke rarely troubled Cech in what was a simple win for the away side.
October.
Steve Simonsen and Michael Tonge made their first starts of the season away at Portsmouth. Peter Crouch acrobatically fired Pompey into the lead from Jermain Defoe's cross after 24 minutes at a time when the Potters were slightly on top of the game. Ricardo Fuller forced home an equaliser just after the break, but Defoe secured all three points for the hosts just three minutes later when he beat Simonsen at his near post with a low drive.
Juande Ramos's Tottenham travelled to Stoke in what turned out to be a match full of incident. The first came after 17 minutes when Gareth Bale fouled Tom Soares in the area and received a red card, Higginbotham scored from the spot after having to reset the ball four times due to strong winds. Spurs then equalised through Darren Bent before Delap gave City the lead early in the second half. Goalkeeper Sorensen was then forced off due to injury and also Vedran Corluka who collided with his own keeper Gomes. Due to these injuries 11 minutes of stoppage time would be required, Stoke had the chance to end the match when Soares was again brought down in the box but Fuller's spot kick hit both posts and Delaps rebound hit the cross bar. Spurs were reduced to nine men when Michael Dawson lunged nastily at Sidibe.
Stoke made their first trip to the City of Manchester Stadium and were undone by £32 million Brazilian Robinho who scored a hat-trick. City did have their chances put were unable to beat Joe Hart.
The first Tuesday night match in the Premier League came at home against Roy Keane's Sunderland who had beaten rivals Newcastle United at the weekend. It proved to be a very tight affair with both sides struggling to create clear cut chances. Stoke scored the only goal of the game when Fuller out jumped Dean Whitehead to head in another Delap throw-in.
November.
Arsenal visited the Britannia Stadium at the beginning of November and was another match full of incident. The first came after just eleven minutes when Fuller's delicate touch from a Delap long throw put City in the lead. Arsenal rarely threatened Sorensen as they struggled to deal with Stoke's greater power and strength. They conceded again from a Delap throw on 73 minutes when Olofinjana bundled the ball past Almunia. Arsenal's misery was complete when Van Persie was sent off for needlessly barging into Sorensen, leaving him requiring assistance from the physio. Clichy's deflected freekick gave the Gunners a consolation deep in stoppage time.
Stoke went to Wigan still looking for their first away win in the Premier League however the home side were full of confidence and had Egyptian striker Amr Zaki in fine form. Athletic dominated the match and managed to have 22 shots to City's 2, the combination of Sorensen and some wayward Wigan shooting Stoke managed a useful scoreless draw.
Stoke then made short trip to Manchester United in what turned out to be a poor game for City as the reigning champions scored five times without reply.
After the drubbing at Old Trafford Stoke came up against a more winnable opponent in West Brom. It was a poor match with few scoring opportunities but Stoke did manage to get the only goal of the game when Mamady Sidibe converted Danny Higginbotham's inch perfect centre with just five minutes remaining, to maintain City's exceptional winning record against the Baggies, and also lifted City up to 13th place in the Premier League.
Surprise package Hull City arrived at the Britannia Stadium which was covered by fog. Stoke dominated most the match and should have scored in the first half, however it was the away side who opened the scoring through Marlon King just before half time. Boaz Myhill made a number of impressive saves to keep Hull ahead but he gave away a penalty when he fouled Fuller in the area and the Jamacian made the scored level. City pressed for the winner but the Tigers held out for a draw.
December.
Michael Owen scored twice for Newcastle in the first 25 minutes of City's next match as St James Park. Stoke improved greatly in the second half and when Ricardo Fuller was brought off the bench the game started to change and moments later he set up Sidibe for a simple tap in. Stoke had a number of chances to pull level and the equaliser came in stoppage time when former 'Castle player Abdoulaye Faye converted a Whelan free kick to earn Stoke a 2–2 draw.
Stoke drew for the third game in a row when Fulham made the trip to the Britannia, it was a poor game of football with Richard Cresswell coming the closest to opening the scoring. Sidibe suffered a serious injury after just a few minutes of the match which ruled him out for the rest of the season.
Over 5,000 Stoke fans travelled to Blackburn as the club put on free coach travel, Pulis named a strange starting eleven which included Steve Simonen, Ryan Shawcross at right back and even Vincent Pericard starting. Rovers had new manager Sam Allardyce making his home debut and his team took control of the match early on. Sonko clumsily brought down Pedersen and Benni McCarthy made no mistake from the spot. Jason Roberts added a second before McCarthy made it 3–0 before half time. Only Steve Simonsen prevented Rovers adding more in the second half.
On Boxing day Stoke took on Manchester United in what was a bad tempered affair. Carlos Tevez scored the only goal for the away side in the second half, after Andy Wilkinson had been sent off for two bookable offences.
Stoke made the trip to West London for their match against West Ham still looking for their first away win. City made the best possible start when Abdoulaye Faye powerfully headed in after just 4 minutes. It became a tight game for the remainder of the first half and City went in at the break a goal up. However Carlton Cole equalised for the "hammers" when he turned past Andy Griffin. What happened next proved to be one of the most bizarre incidents of the season. After letting Cole to score Fuller approached club captain Griffin telling him what he thought of his defending, Griffin gestered to Fuller who then "slapped" him across the face and thus Fuller was sent off. Stoke couldn't hold on to the draw as Diego Tristan gave West Ham the points.
January.
After their embarrassing exit to Hartlepool United in the FA Cup Stoke took on title challengers Liverpool at the Britannia Stadium. Stoke gave new signing Matthew Etherington his debut as Stoke made a bright start to the match. Firstly Delap hit the crossbar from seven yards and then Shawcross put the ball past Reina but the goal was ruled out for offside. Liverpool rarely threatened up until the final few minutes when Gerrard hit the woodwork twice, the match finished 0–0.
James Beattie made his Stoke debut against Chelsea following his transfer from Sheffield United. Stoke suffered a blow early into the match as both Amdy Faye and Danny Higginbotham had to depart due to injury. Stoke took a surprise lead in the 60th minute when Delap broke free and beat Cech. Stoke thought they had done enough to claim victory but in the 88th minute Chelsea equalised though Juliano Belletti then Frank Lampard condemned City to a bitter defeat.
Stoke went in the game at Tottenham looking for their first win since the beginning of December. However any hopes of getting a result were ended in the first half as Spurs took control ruthlessly and went in at half time 3–0 in the lead. Stoke did manage to gain a consolation in the second half when Beattie scored his first goal for the club.
Manchester City made the trip to the Britannia and the end of January and made a bright start with Robinho and Stephen Ireland going closest. Delap was sent off in the 38th minute when he kicked the ball at Shaun Wright-Phillips after the Man City player fouled Etherington. Stoke took the lead against the run of play in the 45th minute when Beattie out jumped Wayne Bridge and headed past Joe Hart. Man City controlled the second half but never managed to score the equaliser and Stoke gained a valuable three points.
February.
Stoke were boosted by two transfer deadline day captures with the loans of Birmingham's Stephen Kelly and Wigan's Henri Camara. Stoke suffered a major blow after just 30 minutes in the match in Wearside when Pulis had to make three substitutions all due to injury. Sunderland took the lead in the second half through a typical Kenwyne Jones header Camara then managed to hit the crossbar from just four yard's. Etherington was sent off for needlessly tripping Danny Collins and David Healy gave Sunderland a 2–0 win.
The match against Portsmouth came alive in the final 15 minutes, Kranjcar gave Pompey the lead and from the restart Stoke were awarded a penalty after Glen Johnson handled in the area. Beattie scored to bring Stoke back level, he scored again just two minutes later after he headed in a Danny Pugh cross. With Stoke set for a much needed three points Shawcross under pressure from Hreidarsson sliced the ball in his own net to give Pompey a point.
March.
Abdoulaye Faye was ruled out of the match against Aston Villa meaning that an unfamiliar back pairing of Sonko and Higginbotham started. In the first half Villa dominated and it became only a matter of time before they scored, it came on the stroke of half time through Bulgarian Stylian Petrov. Sorensen injured himself trying to save Petrov's goal and was replaced at half time by Simonsen. Stoke were improved second half but couldn't score the equaliser, and the game looked finished after 80 minutes as John Carew fired Villa in to a 2–0 lead. Stoke continued to push forward though and went close through Shawcross and Whelan who hit the post, Stoke did pull one back in the 88th minute when Shawcross headed in a cross from Beattie. Remarkably Stoke managed to score again in the final minute as Glenn Whelan's volley beat Brad Friedel to claim an unlikely 2–2 draw.
Bolton were next opponents for Stoke and should have taken the lead trough Elmander after 11 minutes. City responded in cynical fashion though and took the lead with their first chance of the game just three minutes later. Gary Megson's side failed to deal with Abdoulaye Faye's long ball forward and Whelan nipped in to head the ball through to Beattie, and he made no mistake from ten yards by easily placing the ball past the helpless Jussi Jaaskelainen. Both sides continued to created and miss chances as the game became an entertaining affair. Stoke sealed the win when Fuller took advantage of Wanderers failing to clear a Delap throw in.
Stoke made the trip to Everton for the first time since 1985 still looking for their first away win the Premier League. However Everton took control early on and goals from Brazilian Jo and Lescott gave the home side a 2–0 lead. Stoke responded in the second half through Shawcross and came close to getting an equaliser but Fellani made the points safe for Everton.
Stoke then faced Middlesbrough in a relegation clash at the Britannia Stadium. It became a scrappy match typical of a relegation battle with little entertainment. With the game seemingly destined for a draw Stoke scored through Shawcross via a Delap throw to give Stoke a vital three points and leave Boro rooted in the bottom three.
April.
Stoke made the short trip to West Brom and made a flying start with Fuller scoring after just 80 seconds, Stoke went on to dominate the hosts and only Scott Carson keeping the home side in the match. Stoke sealed their first Premier League away win after Beattie curled his shot by Carson.
Relegation-threatened Newcastle United along with their new manager Alan Shearer were the next side to come to the Britannia Stadium, Newcastle struggled throughout and Stoke took the lead after 33 minutes when former Newcastle player Abdoulaye Faye powerfully headed in a Liam Lawrence corner. Stoke had a number of chances to score the second but were unable to find the net. Newcastle claimed a lucky point with ten minutes remaining through Andy Carroll.
Stoke then faced another relegation-threatened side in the form of Blackburn Rovers. It became a scrappy affair with little shots on goal. The only goal came after 75 minutes when Liam Lawrence drilled the ball past Paul Robinson to send Stoke eight points above the relegation zone.
Stoke made the trip to the capital to face in form Fulham; the home side took control of the match early into the match and took the lead in the 29th minute through Erik Nevland. Stoke were much improved in the second half and a number of chances to level but the match finished 1–0 to Europe-bound Fulham.
May.
West Ham were next to arrive at Stoke and became the first team to win at the Britannia Stadium in 2009. The match was a very tight affair with on the only goal being scored by a Diego Tristan free-kick after 33 minutes.
A win away at Hull City would confirm survival for Stoke with two games remaining and with Phil Brown's side also looking for vital points in order to climb out of the relegation zone. It turned out to be a very entertaining match with both sides going all out for the win, it was City though who took the lead. Lawrence put in a dangerous ball which fell through to Fuller, and he pounced from 6 yards to slam the ball into the bottom corner of Boaz Myhill's goal. Hull came out fighting in the second half and brought on Giovanni, Manucho, and Mendy in an attempt to draw level. However it was Stoke who kept creating chances with Whelan's half volley hitting the crossbar. Stoke sealed their survival with a wonder goal from Liam Lawrence on 73 minutes. Hull got a consolation through an Andy Dawson free kick in the final minute.
The season's penultimate game was against Wigan Athletic at home. The match was played in a relaxed atmosphere and was an entertaining game. Stoke won 2–0 thanks to a trademark sole goal from Fuller and a well worked goal from James Beattie.
The final game of the 2008–09 season came at Arsenal with Stoke making their first trip to the Emirates Stadium. Stoke lost 4–1 with all the goals coming in the first half. Stoke's goal came from Fuller after he was brought down in the area by a cynical foul by Denilson.
FA Cup.
Stoke were draw against League One Hartlepool United in the third round of the FA Cup. Manager Pulis decided to field a largely reserve side with the likes of Andy Davies, Ibrahima Sonko, Tom Soares, Michael Tonge all getting rare run outs. However that decision backfired as Stoke were awful and Hartlepool claimed a shock 2–0 victory with goals from Michael Nelson and a wonder goal from David Foley.
League Cup.
Stoke manager Tony Pulis made a large number of changes for the game at Cheltenham to give the Stoke side a largely reserve look. It turned out to an entertaining game as Stoke opened the scoring at the beginning of the second half through a Glenn Whelan freekick. It was 2–0 three minutes later when Richard Cresswell outpaced the Cheltenham defence and rounded "Robins" keeper Shane Higgs. Ashley Vincent gave Cheltenham hope before Jon Parkin sealed the win for Stoke. Alex Russell scored a consolation for the home side deep in to added time.
Stoke took on Championship side Reading in the third round of the League cup and took the lead through Pericard after nine minutes. James Henry pulled "The royals" level from the spot before Sidibe but Stoke back in front. However Henry scored again to send the tie into extra time. There was no more goals meaning the a penalty shootout would be required, Leroy Lita missed his decisive spot kick and Stoke went through.
Rotherham United made it through to face City in the fourth round and posed an early threat to a largely reserve Stoke side in what was a bright opening 10 minutes by the League Two side. However City took control of the game and took the lead after 21 minutes though another Whelan freekick which left Andy Warrington with no chance of saving. Stoke sealed their place in the quarter final of the League Cup for the first time since 1978 when Danny Pugh scored his first goal for the club.
Stoke faced Derby in the quarters and it proved to be very frustrating night for the home side as with just ten seconds remaining Rob Styles adjudged former Ram Andy Griffin to have handled the ball inside the penalty area in the 93rd minute, and Nathan Ellington stepped up to send Derby through.
Final league table.
Key: P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results.
"Stoke's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="19134741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134741" title="Rancho San Jose">
Rancho San Jose

Rancho San Jose was a Mexican land grant in northeastern Los Angeles County given in 1837 by Governor Juan Bautista Alvarado to Ygnacio Palomares and Ricardo Vejar. Today, the communities of Pomona, LaVerne, San Dimas, Diamond Bar, Azusa, Covina, Walnut, Glendora, and Claremont are located in whole or part on land that was once part of the Rancho San Jose.
History.
Ygnacio Palomares and Ricardo Vejar, owned a considerable number of horses and cattle, which they kept at Rancho Rodeo de las Aguas owned by Maria Rita Valdez de Villa. The place was too crowded for the livestock of three families, so Palomares and Vejar sought their own land. In 1837, Mexican Governor Alvarado granted Rancho San Jose to Palomares and Vejar. The Rancho was created from land from the secularized Mission San Gabriel Arcángel. The boundaries were laid out by Palomares and Vejar on March 19, 1837, the feast day of St. Joseph, thus leading the men to name the ranch after the saint. Father José Maria de Zalvidea accompanied the party from the San Gabriel Mission, performing the first Christian religious ceremony in the Pomona Valley when he performed a benediction for settlers of the rancho under an oak tree located at what is now 458 Kenoak Place in Pomona.
Luis Arenas, Ygnacio Palomares' brother-in-law, joined up with Palomares and Vejar, and they petitioned Governor Alvarado for additional grazing lands. They were granted the one square league addition, which became known as the Rancho San Jose Addition, in 1840. In 1846, Arenas sold his one third share of Rancho San Jose to Henry Dalton of Rancho Azusa de Dalton. 
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored. As required by the Land Act of 1851, a claim for Rancho San Jose was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852, and the grant was patented at to Dalton, Palomares and Vejar in 1875. A claim for the Rancho San Jose Addition was filed with the Land Commission in 1852, and the grant was patented at to Dalton, Palomares and Vejar in 1875.
Palomares and Vejar conducted sheep and cattle operations on Rancho San Jose, also growing crops for consumption by the residents of the rancho. In the early 1860s, a severe drought decimated the ranch's population of sheep and cattle. Ygancio Palomares died in 1864, and his widow began selling the ranch land in 1865. Vejar lost his share by foreclosure to two Los Angeles merchants, Isaac Schlesinger and Hyman Tischler, in 1864. In 1866, Schlesinger and Tischler sold the ranch to Louis Phillips.
Historic sites of the rancho.
Due in part to the slower growth of eastern Los Angeles County, and the early activities of the Historical Society of Pomona Valley, many of the historic buildings of the Rancho San Jose remain in existence today, several of them operated by the Historical Society. Historic sites of Rancho San Jose include the following:
Ygnacio Palomares.
Ygnacio Palomares ( - 1864) was the son of Cristobal Palomares. Ygnacio Palomares married Maria Concepcion Lopez in 1832. Ygnacio Palomares was active in Los Angeles politics in the 1830s and 1840s. He served as Juez de Campo (Country Judge) in 1834, and in 1840. He was Juez de Paz (Justice of the Peace) in 1841 and a regidor (councilman) in 1835, and again in 1838. He was an elector in 1843, voting for Santa Ana for the President of Mexico. In 1844, he was Captain of the Defensores (militia) and the following year he served as an alternate in the assembly. He was elected mayor of Los Angeles in 1848.
Ricardo Vejar.
Nepomuceno Ricardo Vejar (1805 - 1882) was born in San Diego, the son of Francisco Salvador Vejar, a soldier in San Diego. The family moved to Los Angeles (Rancho Rodeo de las Aguas) in 1810. Ricardo Vejar served as Juez de Campo (Country Judge) in Los Angeles in 1833. Vejar's sister, Magdalena Vejar, was married to Jorge Morrillo, grantee of Rancho Potrero de Felipe Lugo. Ricardo Vejar married Maria Bendita Soto. Vejar owned a one third share of Rancho San Jose and was also the owner of Rancho Los Nogales. Vejar was compelled to give up the deed to his section of Rancho San Jose to his creditors in 1864. He lived the rest of his years in the Spadra area with his family. He died in poverty in 1882.
Luis Arenas.
Luis Arenas came to California, possibly in 1834, with a group of colonists. He was married to Josefa Palomares (1815 - 1901), the sister of Ygnacio Palomares. He was the alcalde of Los Angeles in 1838. On November 8, 1841, Luis Arenas received the Rancho El Susa land grant from Governor (pro-tem) Manuel Jimeno. In 1844 Henry Dalton purchased El Susa from Arenas, and also Arenas one third interest in Rancho San Jose. Arenas was a grantee of Rancho Pauba in 1844, and Rancho Los Huecos in 1846. His son, Cayetano Arenas, was secretary to Governor Pio Pico and was the grantee of Rancho San Mateo.

</doc>
<doc id="19134762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134762" title="RAF Llandow">
RAF Llandow

RAF Llandow is a former Royal Air Force station situated near the village of Llandow, Vale of Glamorgan, South Wales, 15 miles west of Cardiff.
It opened in 1940 and closed in 1957. It was while training at this airfield in 1941 that John Gillespie Magee, Jr. wrote his famous poem, "High Flight."
History.
The major RAF unit based at Llandow throughout its existence was No. 38 Maintenance Unit RAF (38 MU) which was tasked with the reception, storage and despatch of RAF aircraft. 38 MU opened on 1 April 1940 and closed on 15 March 1957.
Other wartime RAF units were based at Llandow between June 1941 and July 1944. The first was No. 53 Operational Training Unit RAF B Flight equipped with Supermarine Spitfires which arrived on 24 June 1941. A satellite station at RAF Rhoose (now Cardiff International Airport) was used by this unit. Three small transport flights were formed here during April 1944 with No. 1312 Flight RAF remaining based until 21 July 1944 with six Avro Anson I's for transporting urgent personnel to and from the Normandy Landings area.
No. 614 (County of Glamorgan) Squadron had been formed at RAF Pengam Moors in June 1937 before moving away at the outbreak of Second World War. Post war equipment required a larger airfield as base and Llandow was chosen. The Squadron officially reformed here on 10 May 1946 and the first Spitfire Mk 16's were received in November, being replaced by Mk 22's in August 1948. Jet Equipment in the form of de Havilland Vampire fighters arrived in July 1950 and continued in use until disbandment of the squadron on 10 March 1957, with all Royal Auxiliary Air Force units.
Another long-resident post-war flying unit based at Llandow was No. 663 Squadron RAFs No. 1952 AOP Flight, equipped with Auster AOP.6 aircraft for spotting for local Territorial Army artillery units. This flight was based here from 1 July 1949 until disbandment in March 1957.
The RAF's Burmese Conversion Squadron was based here for a period from 1953 to familiarise Burmese pilots with their newly acquired ex-RAF Supermarine Spitfire fighters.
No. 4 Civilian Anti-Aircraft Co-operation Unit was based at RAF Llandow between 1 August 1951 and 1 July 1954 equipped with de Havilland Mosquito and Spitfire aircraft to tow targets and act as targets for army units in South Wales and nearby areas.
The Llandow air disaster occurred on 12 March 1950 when an Avro Tudor V airliner G-AKBY of Fairflight Ltd crashed on final approach to runway 28 at RAF Llandow. The aircraft was returning from Dublin Airport with five crew and 80 rugby supporters, all except three passengers being killed.
Current Use.
The airfield is now in use as Llandow Kart Club and Llandow Circuit, with the main runways of the former RAF base being used as Hangar Straight and Spitfire Straight in the kart circuit. The names of the corners and straights of the kart circuit reference Llandow's history as an airfield, with names such as Hangar Straight, Bomber Straight, Lancaster Curve and Spitfire Straight

</doc>
<doc id="19134775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134775" title="Play It Cool (film)">
Play It Cool (film)

Play it Cool is a 1962 British musical film directed by Michael Winner and starring Billy Fury, Michael Anderson Jr., Helen Shapiro, Bobby Vee, Shane Fenton, Danny Williams, Dennis Price, Richard Wattis and Anna Palk.The film tells the story of a struggling singer, Billy Universe (Billy Fury), and his band, who befriend an heiress who, against the wishes of her father, (Dennis Price), is searching for her lover who she has been forbidden to see and who she is hoping to elope with. The plot takes the main characters to a succession of nightclubs where the other stars are performing. There are guest appearances by Lionel Blair and Bernie Winters as well as Norrie Paramour, who was the Sir George Martin of his day. The only hit from the songs featured in the film was Fury's rendition of "Once Upon a Dream". 

</doc>
<doc id="19134781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134781" title="Spring (film)">
Spring (film)

Spring (1969) directed by Arvo Kruusement is a film adaptation of Oskar Luts' popular novel of the same name. The movie placed first place in the Estonian feature films Top Ten Poll in 2002 held by Estonian film critics and journalists. In 1970 the movie sold 558,000 tickets in Estonia (Total population 1.36 million) and 8,100,000 in the Soviet Union in 1971. The film was re-released in Estonia on 13 April 2006.
The film was shot in Palamuse, which was the prototype area of Oskar Luts' "Paunvere".

</doc>
<doc id="19134782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134782" title="Maptitude for the Web">
Maptitude for the Web

Maptitude for the Web is a version of Caliper Corporation's Maptitude Geographical Information System (GIS). The Web development platform uses application source code that can be edited using Javascript, HTML and ASP.NET. Application templates (Mapplications) are used to create a web application or service. The default templates include Ajax applications and mashups that use Google Maps via the Google Map API.

</doc>
<doc id="19134784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134784" title="USNS Effective (T-AGOS-21)">
USNS Effective (T-AGOS-21)

USNS "Effective" (T-AGOS-21) is a "Victorious"-class ocean surveillance ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1993 and assigned to the Navy’s Special Mission Program. 
Built in Louisiana.
"Effective" was built by Mc Dermott Shipyards, Morgan City, Louisiana. She was laid down on 15 February 1991 and launched 26 September 1991 and was delivered to the Navy on 27 January 1993 which assigned her to the Military Sealift Command (MSC) Special Missions Program.
Mission.
The mission of "Effective" is to directly support the Navy by using both passive and active low frequency sonar arrays to detect and track undersea threats.
Operational history.
There is no current operational history on "Effective".
Honors and awards.
"Effective" personnel are qualified for the following medals:
Note.
There is no journal entry on "Effective" at DANFS.

</doc>
<doc id="19134787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134787" title="Dhanusadham">
Dhanusadham

Dhanusadham is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,450 persons living in 1267 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19134797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134797" title="Digambarpur">
Digambarpur

Digambarpur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,115 persons living in 1352 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19134805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134805" title="Rock Ledge">
Rock Ledge

Rock Ledge can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19134807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134807" title="Dubarikot Hathalekha">
Dubarikot Hathalekha

Dubarikot Hathalekha is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,394 persons living in 1011 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19134818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134818" title="By the Time I Get to Phoenix (album)">
By the Time I Get to Phoenix (album)

By the Time I Get to Phoenix is the seventh album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1967 by Capitol Records.
Charts.
Album – Billboard (United States)
Singles – Billboard (United States)
Awards.
The album By the Time I Get to Phoenix won the 1968 Grammy for Album of the Year, the first county album to do so. In 1967 the song "By the Time I Get to Phoenix" won two Grammys in the categories Best Vocal Performance, Male and Best Contemporary Male Solo Vocal Performance. In 2004 "By the Time I Get to Phoenix" was inducted in the Grammy Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19134822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134822" title="Ministry of Interior and Municipalities (Lebanon)">
Ministry of Interior and Municipalities (Lebanon)

The Ministry of Interior and Municipalities () in Lebanon is responsible for governorate, caza, municipalities, federation of municipalities and village matters, in addition to political parties and organizations
The ministry was created in the first post-independence government in 1943. In 2000, it was named the Ministry of Interior and Municipalities. Its current minister is the member of the Lebanese Parliament, Nouhad Machnouk.

</doc>
<doc id="19134837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134837" title="11th Tony Awards">
11th Tony Awards

The 11th Annual Tony Awards took place at the Waldorf-Astoria Grand Ballroom on April 21, 1957. The Master of Ceremonies was Bud Collyer.
Presenters: Faye Emerson, Tom Ewell, Lillian Gish, Helen Hayes, Nancy Kelly, Bert Lahr, Beatrice Lillie, Nancy Olson, Elaine Perry, Cliff Robertson, Cornelia Otis Skinner.
Performers were George Gaines and Michael King. Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Due to a union dispute, there was no television broadcast, which had been scheduled for WCBS-TV Channel 2.
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"
Production.
Outstanding Play
Outstanding Musical
Performance.
Distinguished Dramatic Actor
Distinguished Dramatic Actress
Distinguished Musical Actor
Distinguished Musical Actress
Distinguished Supporting or Featured Dramatic Actor
Distinguished Supporting or Featured Dramatic Actress
Distinguished Supporting or Featured Musical Actor
Distinguished Supporting or Featured Musical Actress
Craft.
Outstanding Director
Outstanding Choreographer
Scenic Designer
Costume Designer
Conductor and Musical Director
Stage Technician

</doc>
<doc id="19134853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134853" title="Piccadilly Third Stop">
Piccadilly Third Stop

Piccadilly Third Stop is a 1960 British thriller film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Terence Morgan, Yoko Tani and John Crawford. A wealthy playboy hires a gang of criminals to help him steal £100,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19134861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134861" title="Holy Trinity Anglican Church (Maple Grove, Quebec)">
Holy Trinity Anglican Church (Maple Grove, Quebec)

Holy Trinity Anglican Church (Église Holy Trinity de Maple Grove) is a large historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located at 173 Gosford Road (173, chemin Gosford) in the in village of Maple Grove in Irlande (formerly Ireland), near Thetford Mines in the Eastern Townships of Quebec, Canada. It was designed by noted Montreal architects Louis Auguste Amos and Alfred Arthur Cox of the firm Amos and Arthur and was built of wood between 1902 and 1904 by local craftsmen Its steep pitched roof and lancet windows are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches. Adjacent to the church are its historic cemetery and its historic stone rectory (le presbytère). The cemetery is still active and is maintained by the "Maple Grove Anglican Cemetery Foundation". The rectory is a bed and breakfast called "Manoir d'Irlande". The church is no longer active, but is still consecrated and is opened several times a year for services including a reunion in August. In 2003, the Anglican Diocese of Montreal gave a 99-year lease on the church to the Maple Grove Heritage Foundation, which is in the process of doing restoration work. The first project completed has been the restoration of the stained glass windows.
Because of its architecture and its significance in the history of the area, it was designated a municipal heritage site by the municipality of Irlande on January 17, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19134868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134868" title="Alfred Wolfsohn">
Alfred Wolfsohn

Alfred Wolfsohn (23 September 1896 – 5 February 1962) was a German singing teacher. He taught Charlotte Salomon and figures in her paintings as Amadeus Daberlohn. 
He was the founder of a special style of voice training today known as the Roy Hart Theatre approach. His experiences of the cries of dying soldiers during World War I substantiated his intuitions and experiences of singing as expression of the whole human being, rather than singing compartmentalised into the separate categories of Soprano, Alto, Tenor, Baritone and Bass. These intuitive thoughts led him to explore the nature and possibilities of what he termed as the Human Voice, as opposed to the specialised voice. Later his disgust at the artificially broadcast voices heard everywhere in Hitler's Berlin and his horror at the darkest manifestations of humanity perpetrated by the Nazis further provoked his research. A pioneer in the realms of voice research, his avant-garde studies revealed the potential of the voice as not only an instrument of artistic expression but also of human development and therapy. Wolfsohn's goal was to develop an unchained voice which he called The Voice of the Future.
Early life.
Alfred Wolfsohn was born in Berlin into a German-Jewish middle-class family. His parents were religious but not strictly orthodox. When Wolfsohn was 10 years old, his father died of tuberculosis. He adored his mother singing to him a song with a high voice for an angel and a low voice for St Peter. He received a good education, felt himself to be a loner but loved football.
In 1914, he was studying law at University when he was conscripted into the Army and fought on the Eastern front in World War I, later on the Western front. He suffered terrible traumas from the cries of pain and for not going to help one agonising soldier. He returned shell shocked and broken in health. From 1919 to 1920, he travelled to Italy and re-found strength and inspiration. Returning to Germany, he abandoned law and decided that he wanted to sing. His lack of progress with his teachers prompted him to develop his own theories integrating his appreciation of music, art, literature and current psychological studies of the time (notably Carl Jung).
In1933, Adolf Hitler became Chancellor of Germany, and Jews were further discriminated against. Wolfsohn began his first manuscript "Orpheus or the Way to a Mask" in that year.
Singing teacher.
In 1935, when trying to get working papers for permission to teach singing, he was advised by Kurt Singer (Director of Berlin City Opera) to contact Paula Lindberg, the famous singer and Charlotte Salomon's stepmother, for help. Wolfsohn gave Lindberg lessons and spoke of his own theories on the voice. At that time he met Charlotte Salomon for the first time, and he spoke with her for hours about art and creativity during the next years. He had no idea how much he had influenced her. 
In January 1939, Salomon left for the south of France. A month later, Wolfsohn fled Berlin to London, helped by Alice Croner.
In 1940, To avoid internment, Wolfsohn volunteered to join the Pioneer Corps; he was later invalided out. In 1943, he was given permission by the British Government to give singing lessons. He began his longest and most comprehensive manuscript "The Bridge" in 1945.
In 1947, Roy Hart met Wolfsohn and started taking lessons from him.
In the 1950s, Wolfsohn had many students. Articles were written and contacts made with leading composers, musicians, actors, and writers to pass on the work but there was no great response. In 1956 his star pupil, Jenny Johnson, performed in the Hoffnung Music Festival to good reviews. A record “Vox Humana” was issued by Folkways and was released in the US. Wolfsohn's ill health intensified. In 1956, A BBC documentary with Wolfsohn was broadcast. In 1959, Wolfsohn's work was acknowledged by Dr Paul Moses, Speech and Voice Professor at Stanford University, San Francisco.
In 1962, Wolfsohn's health deteriorated and he died on 5 February of that year after developing a chest infection while in hospital. He had been teaching up to 10 days before his death. Roy Hart, one of his most assiduous pupils, carried on with Wolfsohn's work.
Sources.
This page was created from material found at Roy Hart Theatre Archives, with authorization.

</doc>
<doc id="19134870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134870" title="North End (Bexley ward)">
North End (Bexley ward)

North End is an electoral ward in the London Borough of Bexley which consists of Slade Green, the eastern part of Erith and a tiny part of Barnehurst, along with parts of Northend. Community interests are represented by Slade Green Community Forum, which is a registered charity. There are approximately 4800 residences within the ward.
Ward Councillors are Alan Deadman, John Eastaugh and Brenda Langstead (all Labour).

</doc>
<doc id="19134879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134879" title="Kalamandalam Kalyanikutty Amma">
Kalamandalam Kalyanikutty Amma

Kalamandalam Kalyanikutty Amma (1915–1999) was an epoch-making Mohiniyattam danseuse from Kerala in southern India. She is considered as the "Mother of Mohiniyattam". A native of Thirunavaya in Malappuram district of the state, she was instrumental in resurrecting Mohiniyattam from a dismal, near-extinct state into a mainstream Indian classical dance, rendering it formal structure and ornamentation.
Kalyanikutty Amma, one of the early-batch students of Kerala Kalamandalam, was married to the late Kathakali maestro Padma Shri Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair.
Of the two books Kalyanikutty Amma has authored, "Mohiniyattam - History and Dance Structure" is considered as an elaborate and only authentic documentation on Mohiniyattam. Noted among her disciples are her daughters Sreedevi Rajan and Kala Vijayan and Mrinalini Sarabhai and Deepti Omchery Bhalla.
A winner of both the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy and Kendra Sangeet Natak Akademi awards, Kalyanikutty Amma died on May 12, 1999 in Tripunithura (where the couple had settled) at the age of 84. Her son Kalasala Babu is a cinema and television actor, while her granddaughter Smitha Rajan is a noted Mohiniyattam artiste.
External links.
 About Kalamandalam Kalyanikutty Amma
 IGNCA Documentations
 IGNCA Documentations
 Narthaki.com Profiles/Kalamandalam Kalayanikutty Amma
 Mohiniyattom ManoramaOnline.com Articles on Culture

</doc>
<doc id="19134880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134880" title="North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company">
North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company

The North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company of North Bloomfield, California, was established in 1866 and operated a hydraulic gold-mining operation at the Malakoff Mine subsequent to the California Gold Rush. In its day, no other company's operations matched North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company in size or expense.
The mine is located within Malakoff Diggins State Historic Park, east of Highway 49 on Tyler Foote's Crossing Road, and north of Nevada City, California. The company office is still standing.
History.
The North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company was owned by 30 capitalists from San Francisco, led by railroad baron Lester I. Robinson, and William Ralston, a silver miner from Sun Mountain in Nevada. The company's water rights were the same watershed as Summit Water and Irrigation Company's but lower down on Canyon Creek. The principal reservoir was at Bowman Lake, while others included Crooked, Island, Middle, Round, English/Rudyard, Sawmill, and Shotgun Reservoirs. The company's main canal was the Bloomfield Ditch, but, according to Superintendent L.L. Meyers, only a small fraction of the ditch's water was used for irrigation and most was used for mine operations.
The company had numerous operations in Nevada County, including Union Diggings at Columbia Hill, but those at Malakoff Mine were the most notable. Completed in 1874-11-15, the North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company carved a long drainage tunnel through solid bedrock at Malakoff Mine. After tunnel completion, the company reached its peak processing of 50,0000 tons of gravel each day by operating seven giant monitors twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. In the company's 1879 year-end report, the company's president hailed a major improvement:
"... electric light of 12,000 candle intensity ... to facilitate mining operations at night better than the pitch bonfires heretofore used.
Sawyer Decision.
The tailings, dumped into the Yuba River, destroyed farm land as far west as Sacramento, creating California’s first major environmental controversy. in September 1882, Edwards Woodruff, a disgruntled New Yorker who owned farmland in Marysville, brought suit in "Woodruff v. North Bloomfield Gravel Mining Company", an anti-debris lawsuit. By June 1883, the case was at trial. On 1884-01-07, Judge Lorenzo Sawyer handed down what became known as the Sawyer Decision, among the first environmental decisions in the United States. While North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company was notable for operating the world’s largest hydraulic gold mine in 1884, the Sawyer Decision abruptly ended hydraulic mining in Gold Country soon after. The tailings can still be found on the river as the Yuba Goldfields.
California Historical Landmark.
North Bloomfield Mining and Gravel Company was registered as California Historical Landmark No. 852 in 1972-01-20. The plaque is situated at the park diggins overlook, affixed to a rock wall, and states:
NORTH BLOOMFIELD MINING AND GRAVEL COMPANY
"This was a major hydraulic gold-mining operation in California. It boasted a vast system of canals and flumes, its 7,800-foot drainage tunnel was termed a feat of engineering skill. It was the principal defendant in an anti-debris lawsuit settled in 1884 by Judge Lorenzo Sawyer's famous decision, which created control that virtually ended hydraulic mining in California."
CALIFORNIA REGISTERED HISTORICAL LANDMARK NO. 852
Plaque placed by the State Department of Parks and Recreation in cooperation with the Malakoff Citizens' Advisory Committee and E Clampus Vitus No. 10, June 11, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19134884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134884" title="Lars Larsson Eldstierna">
Lars Larsson Eldstierna

Lars Larsson Eldstierna (originally Eld) (c. 1623–1701) was a Swedish landshövding (governor) and the founder of the noble family of "Eldstierna".
Lars Larsson Eld was the son of a vogt at Händelö namned Lars (died 1657), whose possible patronym might have been Björnsson. Lars Larsson Eld was made a nobleman in 1662, being given the name Eldstierna. In 1691 he was raised further to baronage. He died as landshövding of Östergötland County.
Lars Larsson Eldstierna's younger brother, Samuel Larsson Eld (1637–1716), was also ennobled, but under the name of "Stierneld".
Older false genealogy.
During most of the 19th century Lars Larsson Eldstierna was believed to be of royal blood, being a grandson of the exiled Prince Gustav of Sweden through Lars Gustafsson Vasa and Brita Törnros. This genealogy was however based on false documents presented by the notorious forger Adolf Ludvig Stierneld (1755–1835) and have later been completely refuted by several historians and genealogists including Gustaf Elgenstierna and Bengt Hildebrand. The Swedish House of Nobility dropped the references to the royal descent in their publications at the beginning of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19134885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134885" title="David House">
David House

Lieutenant General Sir David George House (8 August 1922 – 14 July 2012) was a British Army officer who was General Officer Commanding in Northern Ireland during the Troubles, and later held the office of Black Rod.
Early life.
House was born on 8 August 1922 in Steyning, Sussex, England. He was educated at Regent's Park School in London.
Military career.
On leaving school, House entered the British Army. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the King's Royal Rifle Corps on 23 August 1941. He served in the Italian Campaign. He ended the war as a war substantive captain.
On 19 April 1947, he transferred from an emergency to a regular commission and was promoted to lieutenant from second lieutenant. He was promoted to captain on 8 August 1949.
He commanded the 1st Green Jackets (43rd & 52nd) at Penang from January 1964 to December 1964 and in West Berlin to September 1965. He served in Borneo during the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation. He was promoted to colonel on 3 November 1965, with seniority from 1 July 1964. From 1965 to 1967, he commanded 51st Gurkha Brigade in Borneo, during the Indonesian Confrontation. He was promoted to brigadier on 31 December 1966. From 1967 to 1969, he was chief of BRIXMIS. From April 1969 to January 1971, he was Deputy Military Secretary. He was promoted to major-general on 9 June 1971, with seniority from 1 November 1970. From 1971 to 1973 Deputy Chief of Staff of the British Army of the Rhine. He left the post of Chief of Staff on 13 August 1973. 
He was appointed Director of Infantry on 21 September 1973, and left the post on 27 May 1975. On 1 August 1975, he succeeded Sir Frank King as GOC Northern Ireland, and was promoted to lieutenant general with seniority from 1 January 1975. His time in command was marked by the ending of a Provisional IRA ceasefire in January 1976, and a resulting upsurge of violence. He was replaced by Timothy Creasey on 1 November 1977.
House retired from active service on 30 December 1977.
Later life.
On 10 January 1978, he was appointed Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, a ceremonial post in the House of Lords. He was succeeded by Air Chief Marshal Sir John Gingell on 14 January 1985.
He spent his final years living in North Yorkshire. He died on 14 July 2012, and is buried in Aldborough, a village near Boroughbridge, North Yorkshire.
Personal life.
In 1947, House married Sheila Betty Darwin. Together they had two daughters; Jennifer and Elizabeth.
Honours and decorations.
House was awarded the Military Cross (MC) on 8 February 1945 "in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in Italy". On 22 June 1965, he was Mentioned in Despatches "in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in the Borneo Territories".
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1964 New Year Honours. 16 May 1967, he was promoted to Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) "in recognition of Distinguished Services in the Borneo Territories during the period 24 June 1966 to 11 August 1966". In the 1975 Queen's Birthday Honours, he was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB). In celebration of Elizabeth II's Silver Jubilee and birthday on 11 June 1977, he was promoted to Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath (GCB). In the 1985 New Year Honours, he was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO).
He was appointed Colonel Commandant of The Light Division on 31 December 1973 in succession to General Sir Anthony Read. On 1 November 1977, his tenure expired and was succeeded by Lieutenant General Sir Peter Hudson. He was appointed Colonel Commandant of the Small Arms School Corps on 1 December 1974 also in succession to General Sir Anthony Read. He was succeed on 1 September 1977 by the then Major General Timothy Creasey.

</doc>
<doc id="19134891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134891" title="Digby Pines Resort">
Digby Pines Resort

The Digby Pines Resort is a seasonal coastal resort hotel located at Digby, Nova Scotia, on the shores of the Annapolis Basin. The Pines is owned by the Province of Nova Scotia and is one of the province's three "Signature Resorts," along with Liscombe Lodge in Liscombe Mills and Keltic Lodge in Ingonish Beach. 
The Pines first opened in 1905 as a large Second Empire wooden hotel built by Digby businessmen Harry Churchill. It was used in World War I as quarters for army officers. After the war, it was purchased by the Dominion Atlantic Railway and expanded as a seasonal resort to cater to the DAR's railway and steamer passengers. The famous film actress Theda Bara spent her honeymoon with husband Charles Brabin at The Pines in 1921. The DAR's owners, the Canadian Pacific Railway, decided to expand the Pines and replaced the original wooden hotel with the present building which opened on June 24, 1929.
The hotel was built in the style of a Norman Chateau, similar in style to Canadian Pacific's Algonquin Hotel in Saint Andrews, New Brunswick. The hotel includes an 18 hole golf course, a large landscaped outdoor pool, 30 cottages, and extensive grounds with a spectacular view of the Annapolis Basin and Digby Gut. Hotel bell boys once dipped the hotel flag twice a day to the Canadian Pacific steamship as she called on Digby. Canadian Pacific sold its Dominion Atlantic Railway hotels in 1957. The Pines was purchased by the Province of Nova Scotia to provide a regional tourism destination and is currently marketed as the "Digby Pines Golf Resort and Spa".
References.
Marguerite Woodworth, "History of the Dominion Atlantic Railway", (Kentville, NS: 1937) pages 143, 145-147. 

</doc>
<doc id="19134903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134903" title="Rock Ledge (Rhinebeck, New York)">
Rock Ledge (Rhinebeck, New York)

Rock Ledge is a historic district in Rhinebeck, New York.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19134923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134923" title="The Nightcomers">
The Nightcomers

The Nightcomers is a 1971 British horror film directed by Michael Winner and starring Marlon Brando, Stephanie Beacham, Thora Hird, Harry Andrews and Anna Palk. It is a prequel to "The Turn of the Screw", which later became the 1961 film "The Innocents". The manor house in the film is Sawston Hall, a 16th-century Tudor manor house in Sawston, Cambridgeshire.
Plot.
Recently orphaned, Flora and Miles are abandoned by their new guardian (Harry Andrews) and entrusted to the care of housekeeper Mrs. Grose (Thora Hird), governess Miss Jessel (Stephanie Beacham), and Peter Quint (Brando), the former valet and now gardener. With only these three adults for company, the children live an isolated life in the sprawling country manor estate. The children are particularly fascinated by Peter Quint due to his eclectic knowledge and engaging stories, and willingness to entertain them. With this captive audience, Quint doses out his strange philosophies on love and death. The governess, Miss Jessel, also falls under Peter's spell, and despite her repulsion the two embark on a sadomasochistic love affair. Flora and Miles become fascinated with this relationship, and help Quint and Jessel to escape the interference of disapproving Mrs. Grose. The children begin spying on Quint and Jessel's violent trysts and mimick what they see, including the bondage, culminating in Miles nearly pushing Flora off a building to her death. Mrs. Grose determines to write to the absent Master of the House in order to get both Quint and Jessel fired. The children are most distressed by this, and decide to take matters into their own hands to prevent the separation. Acting on Quint's assertions that love is hate and it is only in death that people can truly be united, the children murder Miss Jessel by knocking a hole in the boat she uses to wait for Quint (who never keeps the appointments), knowing that she cannot swim. Quint later finds Miss Jessel's rigid body in the water, but is given little time to mourn before Miles kills him with a bow and arrow. The film ends with the arrival of a new governess, presumably the one who features in "The Turn of the Screw".
Differences from the book.
The children in the film are portrayed as being a few years older than in the Henry James novel, probably due to the sexual nature of the film and their roles in it (Verna Harvey was in fact 19 at the time).
Reception and awards.
The film has received positive reviews. Brando's performance earned him a nomination for a Best Actor BAFTA, but recent audiences have criticised his cartoonish Irish accent. The film has an 75% fresh rating at Rotten Tomatoes. Some reviewers have objected to the film's premise of showing what happened before the novel, as this threatens the ambiguity the novel explores. Tom Milne took a very negative view of "The Nightcomers", describing it as "a film crass enough
to have the outraged ghost of Henry James haunting Wardour Street". Milne also criticised Hastings' script, stating his
dialogue "sounds embarassingly like a Cockney nanny doing her best to be genteel".

</doc>
<doc id="19134928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134928" title="Vuollerim">
Vuollerim

Vuollerim is a locality situated in Jokkmokk Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 732 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19134930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134930" title="DNSCurve">
DNSCurve

DNSCurve is a proposed new secure protocol for the Domain Name System (DNS), designed by Daniel J. Bernstein.
Description.
DNSCurve uses Curve25519 Elliptic curve cryptography to establish keys used by Salsa20, paired with the MAC function Poly1305, to encrypt and authenticate DNS packets between resolvers and authoritative servers. Public keys for remote authoritative servers are placed in NS records, so recursive resolvers know whether the server supports DNSCurve. Keys begin with the magic string codice_1 and are followed by a 51-byte Base32 encoding of the server's 255-bit public key. E.g., in BIND format:
The resolver then sends to the server a packet containing its DNSCurve public key, a 96-bit nonce, and a cryptographic box containing the query. The cryptographic box is created using the resolver's private key, the server's public key, and the nonce. The response from the server contains a different 96-bit nonce and its own cryptographic box containing the answer to the query.
The cryptographic tools used in DNSCurve are the same used in CurveCP, a UDP-based protocol which is similar to TCP but uses elliptic-curve cryptography to encrypt and authenticate data. An analogy is that while DNSSEC is like signing a webpage with PGP, CurveCP and DNSCurve are like encrypting and authenticating the channel using SSL. Just as PGP-signed webpages can be sent over an encrypted channel using SSL, DNSSEC data can be protected using DNSCurve.
Security.
DNSCurve uses 256-bit elliptic-curve cryptography, which NIST estimates to be roughly equivalent to 3072-bit RSA. ECRYPT reports a similar equivalence. It uses per-query public-key crypto (like SSH and SSL), and 96-bit nonces to protect against replay attacks. Adam Langley, security officer at Google, says "With very high probability, no one will ever solve a single instance of curve25519 without a large, quantum computer."
Speed.
Adam Langley has posted speed tests on his personal website showing curve25519, used by DNSCurve, to be the fastest among elliptic curves tested. According to the NSA, elliptic curve cryptography offers vastly superior performance over RSA and Diffie-Helman at a geometric rate as key sizes increase.
Implementations.
DNSCurve first gained recursive support in dnscache via a patch by Matthew Dempsky. Dempsky also has a GitHub repository which includes Python DNS lookup tools and a forwarder in C. Adam Langley has a GitHub repository as well. There is an authoritative forwarder called CurveDNS which allows DNS administrators to protect existing installations without patching. OpenDNS has released DNSCrypt to protect the channel between OpenDNS's users and its recursive resolvers. Jan Mojžíš has released curveprotect, a software suite which implements DNSCurve and CurveCP protection for common services like DNS, SSH, HTTP, and SMTP.
Deployment.
OpenDNS, which has 50 million users, announced support for DNSCurve on its recursive resolvers on February 23, 2010.
Then on December 6, 2011, OpenDNS announced a new tool, called DNSCrypt. DNSCrypt protects the channel between OpenDNS and its users. No equally large authoritative DNS providers have yet deployed DNSCurve.

</doc>
<doc id="19134939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134939" title="The Maples">
The Maples

The Maples may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19134942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134942" title="Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark discography">
Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark discography

This is the discography of the English band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark.
Videography.
Music videos.
Enola Gay (Version 2) appeared on the video release of "The Best of OMD" as did Talking Loud and Clear (Version 2). Enola Gay (Version 1) is in turn featured on the DVD "Messages: OMD Greatest Hits."

</doc>
<doc id="19134952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134952" title="Lock Two, Ohio">
Lock Two, Ohio

Lock Two is an unincorporated community in northeastern German Township, Auglaize County in the west central part of the U.S. state of Ohio.
Adjacent to New Bremen, Lock Two formed around the second lock of the Miami and Erie Canal north of the canal's summit at Lake Loramie. The community is served by the New Bremen Local School District and the New Bremen (45869) Post Office.

</doc>
<doc id="19134965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134965" title="Stéphanie Dixon">
Stéphanie Dixon

Stephanie Dixon (born February 10, 1984) is a Canadian swimmer. Prior to the 2008 Paralympic Games in Beijing, Dixon had accumulated fifteen Paralympic medals and is considered to be one of the best swimmers with a disability in the world.
Born missing her right leg and hip, she began to swim at the age of two. At the age of 13, she began competitive swimming against athletes without disabilities. At the age of 14, she joined Canada's national Paralympic team. She uses underarm crutches.
As of 2007, she was studying psychology at the University of Victoria.
Sporting career.
She represented Canada at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, at the age of 16, and won five gold medals. With 5 golds, she set the Canadian record for most golds at a single Games. Representing her country again at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, she won one gold, six silver, and one bronze, In the ParaPan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, she won 7 gold medals. She participated in the Paralympic Games for the third time in Beijing in 2008.
Dixon has also won several medals and set several world records at World Championships and at the Commonwealth Games.
She has been added to the Canadian Disability Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19134972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134972" title="Khaepa Kali Tala">
Khaepa Kali Tala

Khaepa Kali Tala is a temple situated at Malo Pada, old Katwa, near the Gouranga Baddi. Mostly a temple of Hindu Goddess Maa Kali,this temple also comprises a number of other temples, including that of Shiva, the most important deity of Hinduism. The temple was set up in the 1970s.
Major Locations.
The temple is composed of;

</doc>
<doc id="19134978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134978" title="Jana Aastha National Weekly">
Jana Aastha National Weekly

The Jana Aastha National Weekly is a weekly tabloid published in Nepal. It generally publishes opinions and sensational "breaking news" that is followed by other national dailies. Its background is tilted to the left but it is known for exposing the irregularities of the left movement as well. "Jana Astha" has the largest circulation among the weeklies all over the country and it leads 80 percent of the print media of Nepal, this has been certified by the Nepalese government's Audit Bureau of Circulation (ABC). Its editor Kishor Shrestha also represents editors in Press Council Nepal, which is an active member of the World Association of Press Councils (WAPC). He was jailed twice during the autocratic Panchayat regime. Shrestha has worked in the media sector for 24 years, whereas "Jana Astha" has a history of just over 17 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19134984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134984" title="2005 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race">
2005 UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's points race

The Women's Points Race was one of the 6 women's events at the 2005 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, held in Los Angeles, USA.
15 Cyclists from 15 countries participated in the race. Because of the number of entries, there were no qualification rounds for this discipline. Consequently, the event was run direct to the final.
Final.
The Final and only race was run at 18:45 on April 14. The competition consisted on 100 laps, making a total of 25 km with 10 sprints.
"Elapsed Time"=34:54.480
"Average Speed"=42.970 km/h

</doc>
<doc id="19134988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134988" title="Wolf in Sheep's Clothing (disambiguation)">
Wolf in Sheep's Clothing (disambiguation)

Wolf in Sheep's Clothing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19134995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134995" title="West 11">
West 11

West 11 is a 1963 British crime film directed by Michael Winner and based on a play ("The Furnished Room") written by Laura del Rivo and adapted for the screen by Willis Hall and Keith Waterhouse. The film features Alfred Lynch, Kathleen Breck, Eric Portman, Diana Dors, and Kathleen Harrison. Set in west London, the title is taken from the postcode W11, and it was filmed on location in Notting Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19134996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19134996" title="2008–09 OHL season">
2008–09 OHL season

The 2008–09 OHL season was the 29th season of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). Twenty teams played 68 games each during the regular season schedule, which started on September 17, 2008 and concluded on March 15, 2009.
The playoffs began on March 18, 2009, and ended on May 8, 2009 with the Windsor Spitfires winning the J. Ross Robertson Cup, and a berth in the 2009 Memorial Cup which was held in Rimouski, Quebec. Windsor went on to win the Memorial Cup.
Team changes.
The Windsor Spitfires played their last game at Windsor Arena on December 4, defeating the Guelph Storm 2-1. The Spitfires played their first game at the WFCU Centre on December 11 against the Belleville Bulls, losing the game 4-0.
Final standings.
"Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTL = Overtime losses; SL = Shootout losses; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; Pts = Points; x = Clinched playoff berth; y = Clinched division title; z = Clinched conference title"
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; Mins = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses: OTL = Overtime losses; SL = Shootout losses; GA = Goals allowed; SO = Shutouts; SV% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average"
Playoff scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Playoff leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; Mins = Minutes Played; W = Wins; L = Losses: OTL = Overtime Losses; SL = Shootout Losses; GA = Goals Allowed; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against Average"
All-Star Classic.
The 2009 Subway OHL All-Star Classic was played February 4, 2009 at the WFCU Centre in Windsor, won 11-6 by the Eastern Conference. Cody Hodgson of the Brampton Battalion won the player of the game award, as he scored three goals and added two assists. The skills competition was held the previous night on February 3, with the Western Conference winning. Honorary captains for the event were former Peterborough Petes player Steve Yzerman for the Eastern Conference, while former Windsor Spitfires player Adam Graves represented the Western Conference.
OHL Priority Selection.
The OHL conducted its annual draft, known as the OHL Priority Selection, starting at 9:00 AM on Saturday May 3, 2008 via internet.

</doc>
<doc id="19135004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135004" title="Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania">
Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania

Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce and starring Paolo Villaggio.
Despite the title the character played by Villaggio bears little resemblance from the one he played on Italian television shows under the same moniker. Instead of a sadistic/overbearing personality Kranz is here shown with a bumbling and meek demeanor more similar to that of the other 'loser' characters in Villaggio's repertoire (Fantozzi and Fracchia).
The story, recounting the traversies of a German scientist/stage magician eking out a miserly life in Rio de Janeiro's favelas until getting involved in an improbable kidnapping/ransom plot, is paper-thin and little more than an excuse to show "exotic" locales.

</doc>
<doc id="19135007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135007" title="Alternative exhibition space">
Alternative exhibition space

An alternative exhibition space is a space other than a traditional commercial venue used for the public exhibition of artwork. Often comprising a place converted from another use, such as a store front, warehouse, or factory loft, it is then made into a display or performance space for use by an individual or group of artists. According to art advisor Allan Schwartzman "alternative spaces were the center of American artistic life in the '70s."
Macdonald argues that such spaces emerged in the wake of art practices in the 1960s and 1970s that reacted against the presumed neutrality of the "white cube" gallery space. A prominent wave of alternative spaces in the United States occurred in the 1970s, with the first spaces established in 1969, including Billy Apple's APPLE and Robert Newman's Gain Ground, where Vito Acconci produced many important early works. Some date the start of the tendency from 1970, when 112 Greene Street was founded in New York and with the early curatorial work of Alanna Heiss. The Kitchen was established in New York in 1971. A.I.R. Gallery opened in September 1972 as an alternative space women's co-op gallery. About this time And/Or Gallery opened in Seattle, Washington, the first alternative space of its kind in the Pacific Northwest. It was founded by Anne Focke. Bonnie Sherk's Crossroads Community (The Farm), another early alternative space, was established in San Francisco in 1974. Real Art Ways, in Hartford, Connecticut, was founded in 1975.
The wave of alternative spaces that emerged in the US during the late 1960s through the mid-1970s were typically organized by collectives of artists whose interests were focused on conceptual art, mixed media, electronic media, diversity and performance art. For instance, Franklin Furnace in New York was established in 1976 by Martha Wilson to exhibit performance work. LACE in Los Angeles and Washington Project for the Arts showed performance and video work. One of the most enduring alternative spaces in New York, P.S 1, was founded in 1976. Exit Art in Manhattan opened in 1982. In 1981 the New Museum staged the exhibition "Alternatives in Retrospect: An Historical Overview 1969-1975", guest curated by Jacki Apple. This exhibition looked at early New York alternative galleries, Gain Ground, Apple, 98 Greene Street, 112 Greene Street Workshop, 10 Blecker Street, Idea Warehouse and 3 Mercer. The exhibition was documented with a publication and video. In Chicago, the exhibition "Alternative Spaces" curated by Lynne Warren at the Museum of Contemporary Art catalogued the scores of artists and artists' spaces to emerge during that period, including Artemisia Gallery (1973-2003), ARC Gallery (1973-), Gallery Bugs Bunny (1968-1972), N.A.M.E. Gallery (1973-1997), NAB Gallery (1974-1984), and Randolph Street Gallery (1979-1998). Earlier waves in Chicago produced the Hyde Park Art Center (1939-) and Contemporary Art Workshop (1950-2009), while later spaces included 1019 W. Lake St./Noise Factory (1981-1985), W.P.A. Gallery (1981-?) and Axe Street Arena (1985-1989). Hundreds of artists enacted those spaces, including Jim Nutt, H.C. Westermann, Ed Paschke (HPAC), Leon Golub, Nancy Spero (CAC), Hollis Sigler, Vera Klement (Artemisia), Phil Berkman and Gary Justis (N.A.M.E.).
Among the factors contributing to the demise of alternative spaces in the late 1980s in the USA was the reduction of public funding for artists and for the arts. With the election of Ronald Reagan as President came a restructuring of federal supports, such as an end to the CETA program, through which some artists found employment, and restrictions placed upon the National Endowment for the Arts. The net result of the rightward ideological movement in government – with its open hostility to non-traditional art – was that 'alternative artists' were not only de-funded, they and the galleries that featured them were prominently criminalized. By the 1990s, NEA funding was significantly reduced, and so was the number of non-profit galleries.

</doc>
<doc id="19135015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135015" title="Robert Muraine">
Robert Muraine

Robert "Mr. Fantastic" Muraine (born July 2, 1987 in North East Los Angeles, California) is a dancer in the popping style.
Muraine gained national attention when he gave a lengthy audition to the instrumental of the obscure tune "It's Me Bitches" by Swizz Beats for Season 4 of the television program "So You Think You Can Dance", during which executive producer and judge Nigel Lythgoe declared that Muraine was his favorite dancer of 2008 and then handed him the ticket in a mock slow motion fashion. Many "So You Think You Can Dance" viewers uploaded the audition to their YouTube accounts moments after the show aired, making the audition clip one of "So You Think You Can Dance"'s most successful viral videos, earning around 26,000,000 accumulated views only a week after the video surfaced. Muraine later quit the show during contestant selection due to the difficult choreography, but appeared later in the season for a guest performance, after which Lythgoe suggested a dance-off with Phillip "PacMan" Chbeeb. The dance-off aired in August 2008 during the season finale and the judges selected Muraine as the winner. 
Muraine also represented the USA in "Superstars of Dance" on NBC later in fall of 2008, specifically winning the bronze medal in the solo category, which helped lead the USA to take the top prize for the season. He was referred to as the "popping soloist" of the team.
In the same year Muraine starred in a television commercial for "IKEA" in 2008 called "What Goes Where?" in which he arranges IKEA products alongside Shugamai Johnson performing with robot dance and liquid dancing. Muraine also starred in various other commercials and viral videos in 2008 including adverts for "Pringles", "BlackBerry", "Strike Bowling" & "Uvestment". Robert also collaborated with Laurent Bremond, a French filmmaker in 2008 to make a short viral documentary about Muraine's unique dance and way of life.
From 2009 to early 2011 Muraine was involved in the "Cirque Dreams: Illumination" 2009-2010 tour of the US. He was majorly featured in segments "An Urban Beat with Robert Muraine" a short number constructed with help of choreographer Ruddy Betancourt ["New Century Dance Company"] and "Detour" a number in which Muraine and the Mongolian contortion group Contortion Sisters put together a 'twisted & funky' mix of his dancing and the troupe's traditional contortion.
Between the shows and seasons of his tour with "Illumination," Robert would be asked to perform in various parts of the "World of Dance" Tour ""the largest urban dance competition in the United States focusing on the art of street dance and choreography, taking place in 14 cities in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom" "Several video clips of his freestyle performances at "World of Dance "shows have been uploaded and posted by audiences all over the US to have gained millions of international views to this day.
In Summer and Fall of 2011, Muraine was contracted for his first time abroad in the "German" circus show called "Magnifico" directed by André Heller. Shortly after the tour launched the company filed for bankruptcy, leaving Muraine as a free agent in Europe.
In 2012 and 2013 Robert earned medals for his 'Eccentric Dance' piece in the "Festival Mondial du Cirque de Demain "in France and The "Nikulin Circus Festival "in Moscow, in which he also earned 'the most creative act of 2012' award.
Robert now travels the world performing his act in all different types of live shows all over the world and currently works with "Crazy Horse" in Paris and is working on his 'new contortion number' and putting together 'a few comedy acts for future festivals'.
Robert now travels back and forth between Los Angeles and Paris and working as an international freelance entertainer.

</doc>
<doc id="19135021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135021" title="Samuel Larsson Stjerneld">
Samuel Larsson Stjerneld

Samuel Larsson Stjerneld (1637–1716) was son of Lars Gustafsson Vasa and Brita Törnros.
In unknown year Samuel espoused an Englishwoman, Brita Ratskin (her mother a Sydney), a learned woman, who spoke Latin, understood Greek, and died in childbirth.
They had daughter Catharina Stjerneld.
In 1682 he married Margaretha Bethzen, daughter of Dutch merchant Mathias.

</doc>
<doc id="19135026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135026" title="Karl, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Karl, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Karl of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (born 30 September 1813 at Gottorp in Schleswig, Duchy of Schleswig – 24 October 1878 at Luisenlund, Glücksburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Prussia) was the second Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg. Karl was the eldest son of Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and Princess Louise Caroline of Hesse-Kassel and an elder brother of Christian IX of Denmark. Karl ascended to the throne of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg upon his father's death on 27 February 1831.
Marriage.
Karl married Princess Vilhelmine Marie of Denmark, daughter of Frederick VI of Denmark and his wife Marie Sophie of Hesse-Kassel, on 19 May 1838 at Amalienborg Palace in Copenhagen, Denmark. Vilhelmine Marie was the former wife of Prince Frederick of Denmark (later Frederick VII of Denmark). He died on 24 October 1878 at age 65 at Luisenlund. Karl and Vilhelmine Marie died without issue. Many believe that she was barren as there no records of her having any miscarriages or stillbirths.

</doc>
<doc id="19135038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135038" title="Valerie von Martens">
Valerie von Martens

Valérie von Martens (4 November 1894 – 7 April 1986), born Valérie Pajér Edle von Mayersperg, was a German-Austrian actress.
Valérie von Martens was born in Lienz, Tirol, daughter of the Austrian admiral Rudolf Pajér Edler von Mayersperg. She was an actress in Vienna when she had a relationship with the cabaret artist Karl Farkas. In 1922 she met the actor Curt Goetz. They married on 20 December 1923 in Berlin. She then appeared with him on stage and screen, mainly in pieces written or directed by him. She co-directed the 1951 film "The House in Montevideo" with Goetz in which they featured in the lead roles.
She died in Riehen, Switzerland, and is buried in the Heerstrasse cemetery in Berlin, alongside her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="19135039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135039" title="Zoran Cvetković">
Zoran Cvetković

Zoran Cvetković () (born 16 December 1976) is a Serbia footballer, currently playing for Bdin as a defender.
Cvetković has previously played for Kastoria F.C. in the Greek Beta Ethniki and Vihren Sandanski in the Bulgarian A PFG.

</doc>
<doc id="19135050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135050" title="Compressed hydrogen">
Compressed hydrogen

Compressed hydrogen (CGH2 or CGH2) is the gaseous state of the element hydrogen kept under pressure. Compressed hydrogen in hydrogen tanks at 350 bar (5,000 psi) and 700 bar (10,000 psi) is used for mobile hydrogen storage in hydrogen vehicles. It is used as a fuel gas.
Infrastructure.
Compressed hydrogen is used in hydrogen pipeline transport and in compressed hydrogen tube trailer transport.

</doc>
<doc id="19135052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135052" title="Nispakshya National Weekly">
Nispakshya National Weekly

The Nispakshya National Weekly is a weekly newspaper published in Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="19135053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135053" title="Flamboyant Bella">
Flamboyant Bella

Flamboyant Bella was a British indie/pop band that came to wider attention from online social networks including MySpace. The band was No.4 in MySpace's Top 10 unsigned bands. The current line up was formed in August 2006; the band's first gig was after just two weeks of practicing.
History.
On 16 March, Flo Kirton announced on Myspace that they had "decided it's time to move on to a new thing", because of James McBreen, Mitch "Doreen" Rose and Elliot Rose going to university. However, Kirton also announced that she was carrying on with a new band. She is currently looking for a bass guitarist, guitarist, keyboard player and drummer while writing with Stefan from the Midnight Beast. She also said, "Thanks for all of your support of Flamboyant Bella and I’m looking forward to sharing my new music with you."
Previous band members.
The band had four members, Kirton, McBreen and the Rose brothers. "Indie band is off to a flyer", "Evening Chronicle". Retrieved on 3 November 2008.</ref>
Kirton and McBreen are the vocalists and guitarists of the band, McBreen also playing synthesiser. Elliot Rose plays the drums and Mitch Rose plays bass guitar. McBreen wrote all of the band's songs except one, 'Come True' which was penned by Kirton.
McBreen is currently studying at Nottingham University where he has held a voluntary position as Head of Culture at Nottingham University Television Station. He has a new band with fellow students called, 'Walter Bottle' which has had air play on BBC Radio Nottingham. The Rose brothers are at University and still pursue their interests in music.
Released material.
The band has released three records.
"Practically Saintly" (2006) and "Lost In These Beats" (2007) were both self-released and sold to fans through their MySpace page and at gigs. Their first single, "Touch", was released on 4 August 2008 through Beefy Boy Records as part of Biglife Management. The band toured the UK in August 2008 to promote the single. The most recent release from the band was a re-recorded version of "Absolutely Wankered", which was offered as a free download. The band is currently in the studio recording its first album, and plans to release a new single in the coming months.

</doc>
<doc id="19135060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135060" title="Canoeing at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 10000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-2 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1936 Summer Olympics. The K-2 event is raced by two-man canoe sprint kayaks. The race took place on Friday, August 7.
Twenty-four canoers from twelve nations competed.
Final.
Friday, August 7, 1936: Only a final was held.

</doc>
<doc id="19135074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135074" title="Canoeing at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 10000 metres

These are the results of the Men's C-2 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1936 Summer Olympics. The C-2 event is raced by two-man sprint canoes. The race took place on Friday, August 7.
Ten canoers from five nations competed.
Final.
With only five teams competing, a final was held.

</doc>
<doc id="19135076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135076" title="Brian Casey">
Brian Casey

Dr. Brian W. Casey is the current President of DePauw University.
He graduated from the Christian Brothers Academy in Lincroft, New Jersey. He later earned his undergraduate degree in philosophy and economics from the University of Notre Dame, where he was invited to join Phi Beta Kappa. 
He earned his J.D. from Stanford University Law School in 1988, and practiced law at the Wall Street law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell before continuing on to Harvard University to obtain his PhD. He was Associate Dean for Academic Affairs at Harvard before joining DePauw in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19135077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135077" title="Out of the Shadow (1961 film)">
Out of the Shadow (1961 film)

Out of the Shadow (aka Murder On The Campus) is a 1961 British thriller film directed by Michael Winner and starring Terence Longdon, Donald Gray, Diane Clare and Robertson Hare.
Plot.
A reporter learns that his brother, who was studying at Cambridge University, has committed suicide. Unconvinced, he begins his own investigation when the police dismiss his suspicions. 
DVD Release.
The film was released under the name of "Muder On The Campus" on DVD in the UK in October 2013, in a two film collection with the 1954 thriller, "Final Appointment".

</doc>
<doc id="19135113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135113" title="Duhabi, Janakpur">
Duhabi, Janakpur

Duhabi is a Village Development Committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,762 persons residing in 990 individual households.
Duhabi is an archeological, historical, religious and cultural village situated either sides of indo-Nepal border. The Maithili cultural village with lucrative natural beauty of river, ponds, mango groove and the historical and archeological sites is a natural, cultural, and archeological museum. The word “Duhabi” is derived from the Sanskrit word “Durba”, which means plant of grass family. It is said that Saint Durbasha meditated for 12 years only eating ‘Durba’ in the same village. So the Gadh of meditation got its name Durbasha Gadh latter got its name Duhabi. Historically the archeological remains and icons idols excavated in the village resemble with archeological remains of Simraungadh and Rajbiraj this proves a historical linkage of Karnat era in Mithila described by the Chinese travelers Xuan Zang and Zheng He.
Location
The archeological, historical, religious, and cultural village, Duhabi is situated in Mithila. It is 15 km east from the historical, religious and cultural town Janakpur and at similar distance from a small business town Jaynagar (India). Nepal railway passes through the village. The archeological remains sites and the temples are at stone throw distance from the railway station. 
Visiting sites, remarkable things and events
1. Dharohar named archeological sites
2. Five Temples with excavated idols of God and Goddess.
3. 500 years old banyan tree and many years old peepal trees.
4. Cultural events and things- song, music, art traditional musical instruments.
5. Indo-Nepal Boarder – A small market towns stretched either sides of the boarder land

</doc>
<doc id="19135118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135118" title="Hurricane Ike">
Hurricane Ike

Hurricane Ike was the costliest hurricane ever to impact Cuba, the third-costliest hurricane ever to make landfall in the United States, and the costliest hurricane in Texas history. Prior to Hurricane Irene in 2011, it was also the last hurricane to make landfall in the United States since 2008. It was the ninth named storm, fifth hurricane, and third major hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season.
It was a Cape Verde-type hurricane, as it started as a tropical disturbance near Africa at the end of August. On September 1, 2008, it became a tropical storm west of the Cape Verde islands. By the early morning hours of September 4, Ike was a Category 4 hurricane, with maximum sustained winds of 145 mph (230 km/h) and a pressure of . That made it the most intense Atlantic storm of 2008. Ike passed over the Turks and Caicos Islands as Category 4, with winds 135 mph (215 km/h) on September 7. Moving west along Cuba, it made two landfalls – as a Category 4 hurricane on September 7 and as a Category 1 hurricane two days later. Ike made its final landfall near Galveston, Texas as a strong Category 2 hurricane, on September 13, 2008, at 2:10 am CDT. Hurricane-force winds extended 120 miles (195 km) from the center and tropical storm-force winds extended far beyond that.
Ike was blamed for at least 195 deaths. Of these, 74 were in Haiti, which was already trying to recover from the impact of three storms earlier that year: Fay, Gustav, and Hanna. In the United States, 112 people were killed, and 23 are still missing. Due to its immense size, Ike caused devastation from the Louisiana coastline all the way to the Kenedy County region near Corpus Christi, Texas. In addition, Ike caused flooding and significant damage along the Mississippi coastline and the Florida Panhandle Damages from Ike in U.S. coastal and inland areas are estimated at $29.5 billion (2008 USD), with additional damage of $7.3 billion in Cuba (the costliest storm ever in that country), $200 million in the Bahamas, and $500 million in the Turks and Caicos, amounting to a total of at least $37.5 billion in damage. Ike was (at the time) the second costliest Atlantic hurricane of all time (now the third costliest), only surpassed by Hurricane Katrina of 2005 and later by Hurricane Sandy of 2012. It became the largest search-and-rescue operation in U.S. history. Hurricane Rita still holds the designation as the largest U.S. evacuation in history. At one point, Ike was over 600 miles in diameter.
Meteorological history.
Hurricane Ike can be traced to a westerly wave leaving western Sudan on August 19, which moved westward through Nigeria and Mali and reached the coastal country of Senegal on August 28. Moving into the Atlantic Ocean, the wave slowly intensified over subsequent days while moving generally toward the west-northwest. On September 1, the wave developed a sufficient amount of convection and was designated Tropical Depression Nine. The depression had developed a large amount of convection as well as cyclonically curved bands. Satellite estimates were already indicating that the depression was a tropical storm; the National Hurricane Center did not classify it as such, however, because the convection was newly formed. The depression continued to intensify as it became better organized, and at 5:00 pm EDT (21:00 UTC), it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Ike. Ike was located in an environment that was supportive of intensification, and the forecast showed Ike becoming a hurricane within 36 hours of its upgrade.
During the overnight hours of September 1, Ike stopped intensifying, as a part of the eastern band began to erode as northerly wind shear began to impact the system. By late evening on Ike began to intensify again as shear relaxed a little on the system. Throughout the day, deep convection developed around the center of Ike indicating that the storm was still strengthening. Ike also quickened its movement to 18 mph (29 km/h) due to a strengthening mid-level high located to the north-northeast of Ike. Again intensification stopped during the overnight hours as the structure of Ike remained mostly unchanged.
Ike remained at the same intensity and structure through the early morning hours of September 3. However, by the late morning, Ike began to intensify again. Microwave satellites depicted an eye beginning to form and Ike strengthened just below hurricane status. The eye continued to become better defined and by mid-afternoon Ike was upgraded to a hurricane. Ike was in an area that lacked vertical wind shear and intensification was likely. Due to the lack of wind shear, Ike began to undergo explosive intensification and was upgraded to a major hurricane with winds of 115 mph (185 km/h) only three hours after being upgraded to a hurricane. During the three hour span, it is estimated that the pressure dropped . Ike continued to intensify and was further upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale three hours later with winds of 135 mph (215 km/h) and an estimated pressure of . These were satellite estimates, not actual measurements (as it was still too far from land for reconnaissance aircraft to reach).
By the early morning hours on September 4, Ike had reached its peak intensity of 145 mph (230 km/h) with an estimated pressure of , making it the most intense storm of the season.
Ike was now forecast to weaken as the upper-level high to the north of the system continued to strengthen resulting in stronger northerly wind shear affecting Ike. The explosive intensification lasted roughly 24 hours as Ike intensified from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane with a pressure drop of . By the late morning, Ike began to weaken as the cloud tops around the eye began to warm. Models were forecasting Ike to encounter strong wind shear and slowly weaken but maintain major hurricane status. This trend of the clouds warming continued through the afternoon and Ike continued to weaken slowly. By mid-afternoon, Ike was barely a Category 4 hurricane with winds of 135 mph (215 km/h). Ike began to show signs of intensification once more during the late night hours. The eye became more clear and better defined and the clouds around the eye began to deepen and become colder.
The show of possible strengthening did not last long, however, and by the morning of September 5, northerly wind shear began to erode the northern part of the system, and the cloud tops around the eye began to warm once more. The structure of the eye became less prominent as microwave satellite imagery showed that the inner structure of Ike was not deteriorating or beginning to undergo an eyewall replacement cycle. A later pass made by the satellite found that the northern eye wall had eroded and most of the convection was in the southern semicircle of the storm. This indicated that Ike was continuing to weaken as it remained in a hostile environment. Ike slowly weakened to a low-end Category Three by the afternoon hours. A ridge to the north of Ike continued to push the storm towards the southwest, into an area more favorable for intensification.
Ike maintained its intensity throughout the night as its eye briefly reappeared around 8 pm EDT, leading the NHC to forecast a slow strengthening trend. Overnight, Ike reformed a 24 nmi (48 km) wide eye, however, it was cloud covered. However, during the late morning hours on September 6, wind shear weakened Ike to a Category Two hurricane. This weakening was short lived and Ike began to undergo another round of rapid intensification, though not as significant as the first. Ike's eye began to clear out again and the system became better organized and based on an Air Force Reconnaissance Aircraft measurement, Ike had intensified into a Category Four six hours after being downgraded to a Category Two. During the afternoon and overnight, Ike had winds sustained at as it approached and passed over the Turks and Caicos Islands by the early morning hours of September 7.
Ike made landfall as a Category 4 hurricane in Holguín Province, Cuba on the evening of September 7, near Cabo Lucrecia on the northern coast. It passed across the central provinces of Holguín, Las Tunas, and Camagüey, emerging south of Cuba on September 8. It made landfall a second time as a Category 1 hurricane in Pinar del Río before entering the Gulf in the afternoon of September 9.
During the night of September 10, Ike exhibited a rapid drop in central pressure, falling from to as it passed over the Loop Current in the Gulf of Mexico. This drop was not reflected by wind speed, however, which only increased to 100 mph (160 km/h) from 85 mph (140 km/h). Multiple wind maxima were noted by the National Hurricane Center, indicating the structure was absorbing and distributing energy over a large area, rather than concentrating it near the center. The pressure was significantly lower than normal for a low-end Category 2 hurricane, as is more typical of a strong Category 3 or a Category 4 hurricane.
Ike made U.S. landfall at Galveston, Texas, on September 13 at 2:10 am CDT (0710 UTC), as a high Category 2 hurricane with winds of 110 mph (175 km/h) and a central pressure of . The 2:00 am NHC advisory cited tropical storm and hurricane force winds extending and , respectively, from the center. Around 3:00 am CDT (0800 UTC), it passed over San Leon, Texas and made its final landfall near Baytown, Texas around 4:00 am CDT (0900 UTC).
On September 13, Ike began a slow turn north, then northeast. After losing strength to tropical-storm force winds near Palestine, Texas around 1 pm, it passed to the east of Dallas and west of Little Rock, Arkansas. Maintaining tropical storm-force winds as it moved inland, it tracked across Arkansas on the night of September 13 and also produced tornadoes across the state. It brought heavy rainfall all along its path, but moved more quickly the farther north it went as it slowly lost tropical characteristics.
Early on September 14, Tropical Storm Ike merged with a large cold front moving from west to east over the central U.S. and became extratropical. This deep low pressure continued toward the north-east spreading heavy rains and damaging winds with hurricane-force gusts across a large portion of the Midwest. It moved into Canada that night, giving strong winds and heavy rain across Southern Ontario and most of Quebec, before exiting into the Atlantic at the latitude of the Labrador Sea, early on the 16th.
Preparations.
Florida.
On September 5, Florida Governor Charlie Crist declared a state of emergency in advance of Ike's arrival, (which was expected to be as early as September 8). Authorities in Key West issued a mandatory evacuation for all visitors for September 6. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) positioned supplies, and emergency response crews in Florida and along the Gulf Coast.
Florida Keys officials began evacuations on the low-lying chain of islands in phases, starting at the end in Key West by 8 am Sunday and continuing throughout the day—at noon for the Middle Keys, and at 4 pm for the Upper Keys, including Key Largo. Visitors were told to leave on Saturday.
Texas.
On September 10, U.S. President George W. Bush made an emergency declaration for Texas in advance of Hurricane Ike, making more federal help available for preparations and evacuations.
On September 7, The Texas Water/Wastewater Agency Response Network (TXWARN) activated its 700 member utility mutual aid network and began coordination with the State Emergency Operations Center and the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) to begin preparations and notifications to utilities to prepare for Ike.
State rural water associations activated mutual aid networks to prepare for the landfall of Hurricane Hanna and Hurricane Ike while still providing assistance to areas affected by Hurricane Gustav. The Texas Rural Water Association held meetings with state agencies on Tuesday, September 9, to plan for landfall along the Texas Gulf Coast.
On September 11, forecasting models began to show Ike making landfall just south of Galveston. City Manager Steven LeBlanc late Wednesday issued a mandatory evacuation order for the low lying west end of Galveston Island. Later, the mandatory evacuation order was extended to the entire island of Galveston, as well as low-lying areas around Houston, Texas. Residents evacuating ahead of Ike were received by emergency workers in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex. The fleeing residents were provided a place of refuge, medical treatment, and provisions until Ike had passed. After Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast and submerged New Orleans, the DFW area became a place for New Orleans residents to recover from the storm's destructive forces. The DFW area was still providing relief to evacuees from Gustav earlier in the 2008 hurricane season when it began preparations for evacuating residents of coastal Texas prior to Ike's arrival.
Also on September 11, at 8:19 pm (CDT), the National Weather Service in Houston/Galveston, Texas issued a strongly worded bulletin, regarding storm surge along the shoreline of Galveston Bay. The bulletin advised that residents living in single-family homes in some parts of coastal Texas faced "certain death" if they did not heed orders to evacuate. Reports said as many as 40 percent of Galveston's citizens may have not paid attention to the warnings. It was feared to be much the same in Port Arthur, and it was predicted that low-lying areas between Morgan City, Louisiana and Baffin Bay, Texas, particularly those areas east of Ike's projected eye landfall would experience the greatest damage from storm surges of up to . Waves at sea were expected to be higher, up to according to computer simulations.
The price of gas increased in the expectation of damage to some of the numerous oil refineries along the South Texas coast, or at least delays in production from the oil and gas platforms in the Gulf of Mexico.
Evacuations.
The potential danger and possible death warnings were effectively communicated to residents of the Galveston area days before Hurricane Ike landed in Texas. Due to evacuation issues during previous hurricanes authorities were swift in providing residents with information on the deadly potential of Hurricane Ike. "Authorities in Louisiana and Texas ordered major evacuations for Hurricane Gustav and Ike, who made landfall within 12 days of each other; altogether, nearly 3 million people left their homes in advance of the two storms. Nothing speaks more to improvements in evacuation management than repeat experience." In addition to the orders of local and state officials, federal officials were thoroughly involved in evacuation decisions; because of its strength, size and projected path into Galveston, President Bush made an emergency declaration for Texas three days before landfall. More than one million people evacuated in advance of Hurricane Ike, but more than 100,000 people did not."
The special needs population was effectively managed during the evacuation of Hurricane Ike as well. "Special needs populations, especially infirm evacuees, were flown out on military planes as the forward movement of the storm narrowed the evacuation window." One hospital in particular was drastically affected but the employees of the hospital worked fervently to evacuate the patients swiftly and safely. "While Houston did not take the brunt of the storm the way Galveston did, Ike did knock out the city’s water pumping systems, and that was sufficient to threaten the whole health care system. There was no wall of water, no howling winds just the sound of taps drying up and toilets ceasing to flush." Despite the apparent damages no one at the University of Texas Medical Branch was injured. The "credit for this goes in part to local authorities for issuing a mandatory evacuation order in time for a pre-agreed evacuation plan to be carried out."
"Despite dire warnings of storm surge and certain death from forecasters, an estimated forty percent of Galveston's residents did not evacuate in response to the mandatory order." Unlike victims of prior Hurricanes like Rita and Katrina the residents of Galveston were informed about the dangers of the storm and they possessed the means to evacuate some simply chose not to. "Many residents on the TX coast determined that the risks of a category 2 storm did not give them sufficient motivation to evacuate. It was the local indifference to the storm surge hazard that reduced evacuation compliance and ultimately led to a significant loss of life in the Galveston area, fatalities mostly of white, middle-income residents."
Evacuation management from 2005 until 2008 drastically improved but there is still more to learn. "Increasing evacuation response can be improved through education of local residents and their children." In addition to that residents must first "receive the warning, understand and internalize the information, act on hazard warnings and evacuation orders, overcoming whatever factors impede the decision to do so."
Impact.
Turks and Caicos Islands.
Power was lost throughout Grand Turk Island, 95% of the houses were damaged, one-fifth of which was significant damage. There was also significant structural damage to roofs and
buildings containing health services resulting in the disruption of most health services. Pharmacy stores, and supplies facilities received major damage or total destruction. Water and
electricity were also disrupted but now has been restored. There was some damage to the clinic on Salt Cay. In North Caicos and Middle Caicos, there was either no damage or minimal damage
to the clinic.
Meanwhile in South Caicos, 95% of the houses were also damaged, with over one-third significantly damaged or destroyed. Damage also
occurred on other islands, pockets of which were significant, but in general, damage was minor. After the eye of the storm passed over, it continued west at headed directly for eastern Cuba. Buildings on the islands have been severely weakened and 750 people have lost their homes. Due to the extent and magnitude of damage and affected population, the Government of the Turks and Caicos declared Grand Turk and South Caicos Islands disaster areas. Total damages in the Turks and Caicos Islands were estimated at $500 million.
Hispaniola.
The outer bands of Ike caused additional flooding in Haiti, which was already devastated by Hanna and also hit hard by Fay and Gustav. The last bridge still standing into the city of Gonaïves was washed away, slowing relief in the community considerably and creating a deeper humanitarian and food crisis in the hard-hit region. 74 deaths were reported in Haiti from Ike, of which most were in the coastal community of Cabaret which was swept away by floodwaters and mudslides. Haitian Prime Minister Michèle Pierre-Louis called for help at the end of the week, saying that four storms in three weeks have left over 550 dead and as many as one million homeless. She also said that parts of Gonaïves were so severely damaged that the city may have to be rebuilt elsewhere. No damage figures were available from Haiti or the Dominican Republic.
Cuba.
Just over one million Cubans had been evacuated on Sunday, officials said. In Baracoa, 200 homes were reported to be destroyed and waves were running high and peaked at in different areas of Cuba. The Category 3 hurricane made landfall on September 8 on the north coast of eastern Cuba in the province of Holguín near Puerto de Sama, with sustained winds of about , causing widespread flooding and damage to the eastern provinces. It passed across the central provinces of Holguín, Las Tunas, and Camagüey, emerging over the sea to the south of Cuba during September 8. Ike had dropped to a Category One by the time it crossed the island. It then followed the southern coast of Cuba and crossed the western end of the island in Pinar del Río Province, close to the path taken by Hurricane Gustav ten days previously. Another 1.6 million people had evacuated in advance of its second landfall. The western areas of Cuba, already devastated by Hurricane Gustav just 10 days before Ike hit, suffered additional major flooding from the rain and storm surge. The sugar cane crop was devastated, with over destroyed. Alongside Gustav, they were described as the "worst ever" storms by Cuban officials.
In total, seven people were killed in Cuba from Ike. The combined damage estimate from Ike and Gustav, and succeeding Paloma is about $9.7 billion (USD), with $7.3 billion of that from Ike, making Ike the most destructive hurricane in Cuban history.
United States.
Due to the intensity of the storm, Texas closed many of its chemical plants and oil refineries. Because much of the United States oil refining capacity is located in Texas, the closings caused a temporary increase in the prices of gasoline, home heating oil, and natural gas. Increases were particularly high in North Carolina, especially in the mountains, where average prices were as much as 60 cents higher than the national average. The closing of refineries so soon after Hurricane Gustav, and the time required to restart production, also resulted in shortages of gasoline in such places as the Carolinas and Tennessee, partly as a result of panic buying. Preliminary post-storm damage estimates in the US were placed at 18 billion US dollars (2008) as stated by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Eighty-two deaths have been reported in the US, including forty-eight in Texas, eight in Louisiana, one in Arkansas, two in Tennessee, one in Kentucky, seven in Indiana, four in Missouri, two in Illinois, two in Michigan, seven in Ohio and one in Pennsylvania, although there are 202 missing. On September 15, 2008 the United States Congress held a moment of silence for those who died in the hurricane.
MV "Antalina".
On September 11, the cargo ship, the MV "Antalina", was among the ships that left Port Arthur to avoid the hurricane. The ship had a crew of 22 and carried a cargo of petroleum coke. On September 12, the ship's engine failed, and the ship was adrift from the shore. The crew unsuccessfully attempted to repair the engine and requested to be evacuated by the Coast Guard, but the rescue mission was aborted because weather conditions were not within the safety parameters. The crew was forced to ride out the storm, but kept in contact with the Coast Guard. The ship successfully rode out the storm and all 22 crew members were uninjured. On September 13, a tugboat was dispatched to return the vessel to port.
Louisiana.
The storm surge ahead of Ike blew onshore of Louisiana well ahead of Ike's predicted landfall in Texas on September 13. Areas in coastal south-central and southwestern Louisiana, some of which were flooded by Gustav, were re-flooded as a result of Ike. Some areas that had not yet recovered from Gustav power outages received additional outages, of 200,000. The hardest-hit areas were in and around Cameron Parish, which also sustained catastrophic damage in 2005 from Hurricane Rita and in 1957 from Hurricane Audrey. Nearly every square inch of the coastline in that area was flooded heavily once again, with floodwater reaching as far north as Lake Charles. Hundreds of people had to be rescued, including 363 people who were rescued by Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries Search and Rescue teams in conjunction with the Louisiana National Guard and the U.S. Coast Guard.
One person was killed in a flooded bayou in Terrebonne Parish, and a wind-related death was reported near Houma. Two other deaths took place in a car crash in the evacuation phase in Iberville Parish, and two other storm related deaths in Jefferson Davis Parish were caused by natural causes (disease). While doing repairs, two energy-company contractors from Oklahoma were electrocuted.
Texas.
On the morning of September 13, 2008, the eye of Hurricane Ike approached the upper Texas coast, making landfall at 2:10 am CDT over the east end of Galveston Island, with a high storm surge, and travelled north up Galveston Bay, along the east side of Houston
("see storm-path image").
People in low-lying areas who had not heeded evacuation orders, in single-family one- or two-story homes, were warned by the weather service that they faced "certain death" from the overnight storm surge, a statement that turned out to be true for some unable to evacuate.
Despite the planning and mandatory evacuation of the Galveston and the surrounding areas authorities could not prepare for the number of individuals displaced by Hurricane Ike. “There were 3,459 families made homeless by Hurricane Ike.” 
“The region, which already had a housing shortage, lost over 8,000 units due to the storm. Concentrations of lost housing are primarily located in the cities of Port Arthur, Sabine Pass, Bridge City, Orange, West Orange and Rose City.” According to Governor Perry’s Texas rebound reports, “estimates from cities and counties in the disaster area indicate approximately 3.4 billion in total damages damage to housing in their jurisdictions of threat.” 
In regional Texas towns, electrical power began failing on September 12 before 8 pm CDT,
leaving millions without power (estimates range from 2.8 million to 4.5 million customers). Grocery store shelves in the Houston area were left empty for weeks in the aftermath of the storm.
In Galveston, by 4 pm CDT (2100 UTC) on September 12, the rising storm surge began overtopping the 17-ft (5.2 m) Galveston Seawall, which faces the Gulf of Mexico; waves had been crashing along the seawall earlier, from 9 am CDT.
Although Seawall Boulevard is elevated above the shoreline, many areas of town slope down behind the seawall to the lower elevation of Galveston Island.
Even though there were advance evacuation plans, Mary Jo Naschke, spokesperson for the city of Galveston, estimated that (as of Friday morning) a quarter of the city's residents paid no attention to calls for them to evacuate, despite predictions that most of Galveston Island would suffer heavy flooding storm tide. By 6 pm Friday night, estimates varied as to how many of the 58,000 residents remained, but the figures of remaining residents were in the thousands.
Widespread flooding included downtown Galveston: six ft (2 m) deep inside the Galveston County Courthouse, and the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston was flooded. 2,400 Medical Branch employees, including 120 faculty members, were laid off after Hurricane Ike devastated the university. Tourist attractions on the island suffered various degrees of damage. The Lone Star Flight Museum suffered massive damage, as the storm surge washed through the airport and hangars with about of water, and the recently completed Schlitterbahn Water Park was still closed in November 2008; however, Moody Gardens was built with storms in mind and was able to withstand the worst of the storm.
In preparation of Hurricane Ike, Texas A&M University at Galveston closed on Wednesday, September 10, 2008, at 5 pm and evacuation was ordered. Ike made U.S. landfall at Galveston, Texas, on September 13 at 2:10 am. It was the second most destructive hurricane to ever make landfall in the United States. The campus was not severely damaged; however, the infrastructure of Galveston Island as a whole was. As a result of Galveston Island not being able to support the close to 1800 students the enormous challenge of relocating all students, administration, and staff began. On Wednesday, September 24, 2008 fall classes resumed in College Station. TAMUG resumed operations in Galveston in the spring of 2009.
In Houston, windows also broke in downtown buildings, such as the 75-story JP Morgan Chase Tower, and Reliant Stadium was damaged. Also as a result of the high wind and eye wall that passed directly through the city, power outages were a major problem, as some residents were without electricity for over a month after landfall. Some parts of Houston were not expected to have power until November 1. Luckily, since the storm system moved rapidly and did not linger over Houston, flooding wasn't a major problem for most of the city, as it normally is as a result of the geography. Due to the damage to the stadium, the Houston Texans' game with the Baltimore Ravens, originally scheduled for September 14, was pushed back to November 9.
Hurricane Ike affected the Houston Astros' late dash for Major League Baseball's playoffs, postponing Friday, Saturday, and Sunday's games against the Chicago Cubs.
Two of the games were moved to Milwaukee's Miller Park and were played Sunday September 14 and Monday September 15. In the September 14 game, Cubs pitcher Carlos Zambrano threw a no-hitter. The final game was tentatively scheduled for Monday September 29 in Houston. The Astros were eliminated from playoff contention on September 26, and the game was officially canceled as it would not affect post-season standings.
On Bolivar Peninsula, Texas dozens of people were rescued as flood waters exceeded 12 feet (3.7 m) above sea level in advance of the hurricane. The peninsula bore the brunt of Ike's right-front quadrant, historically the worst part of a hurricane, and experienced catastrophic damage with the worst being between Rollover Pass and Gilchrist, Texas – west of High Island. Media estimates of lost homes exceeded 80% and could top 95%. A large number of people who did not evacuate in advance of the storm remain unaccounted for.
The Southeast Texas communities of Bridge City on Sabine Lake and large areas of nearby Orange (80 miles from the center of landfall) were inundated by the storm surge. Bridge City mayor Kirk Roccaforte estimated that only about 14 (later updated to around two dozen) homes in the city were unaffected by the surge.
Waterfront areas of Clear Lake were flooded, with floating debris battering homes and blocking some streets, such as in the Kemah area.
NASA's Johnson Space Center suffered minor roof damage to Mission Control and minor cosmetic damage to some of its other buildings. NASA's operations at Ellington Field also sustained roof and awning damage, and one hangar was severely damaged.
University of Texas Medical Branch (UTMB), the primary hospital in Galveston county, was dealt significant damage due to Hurricane Ike. Wide scale flooding caused failures to all facilities systems and allowed mold to invade all the buildings. All students at the UTMB medical center were transferred to other Texas medical schools immediately after the storm while determinations were made about the future of the hospital and medical school. November 12, 2008 saw thirty percent of the employees terminated in a reduction in force. As of March 2009 only 1200 employees were currently employed and being paid. Another 1200 employees are on unpaid administrative leave. All emergency facilities were moved to the Houston medical center. It wasn't until August 1, 2009 that UTMB's emergency room was reopened.
As a historical comparison, on September 8, 1900 the Galveston Hurricane of 1900 landed along a path similar to Ike's, bringing with it a storm surge that inundated most of Galveston Island, which was Texas' largest city and a major U.S. port. As a result, much of the city was destroyed, and at least 6,000 people were killed in a few hours. Engineers subsequently increased the average elevation of the island by 4 ft (1.2 m) and constructed a 17-foot (5.2-m) seawall to block incoming waves.
Low Income Populations (Galveston County and Surrounding Locations)
After Hurricane Ike hit the Gulf Coast, nearly 150 apartment complexes in Houston, Texas and surrounding areas were destroyed. Most of these apartments were occupied by low income populations. Also many communities within this area assumed that residents had their own personal transportation, but in reality most of the low income population groups, especially in the urban neighborhoods, only had public transportation. This was a big issue when it came to the evacuation plan set out for areas in Houston, Texas and other surrounding locations.
Most people living in low income households prior to Hurricane Ike were more likely to return home shortly after Hurricane Ike hit because they were unable to repair their homes and were not able to find an alternative home because of financial resources. Most of them relied on local employment for income. In addition, they didn't have the resources to move away from their home and/or job for a long period of time. High income populations, on the other hand, mostly had savings that got them through nearly a year of being away from home and/or their jobs.
Parts of Galveston (north of Broadway) are home to the highest volume of rental housing on the Island to low income and minority population. According to Galveston Housing Authority, Over 50,000 families were approved to participate in government programs following Hurricane Ike. There were many negative lash outs against some of the charity groups such as Lone Star Legal Aid for helping a lot of “low income populations, criminals, illegal immigrants, and welfare-vacuums”.
Prior to Hurricane Ike, U.S. Census 2000 classified Texas as having an above national average of individuals below the poverty line. Nearly 22.3% were below poverty line. According to Hurricane Impact Report, City of Galveston total population was 57,523, with 22.3% under poverty line, compared to 16.2% Texas average and 12.7% U.S. average. In addition, the total number of homelessness in City of Galveston/ Gulf Coast were 215 people, who were in shelters, while 68 were unsheltered, with a total homeless population of 283 people. This is 67.49% were just individuals and 32.5% were groups of families with children.
Farther Inland.
On September 14, after Ike became extratropical and was enhanced by an upper level shortwave trough, a major wind event took place across the lower and middle Ohio Valley and lower Great Lakes, and significant rainfall and flooding took place to the west. The St. Louis Metropolitan Area experienced hurricane conditions, with Ike's remnants inflicting severe damage to homes. Several areas in Illinois and Indiana, already flooded by the frontal boundary to the north, saw significant additional rainfall. Due to flooding in Chicago, Todd Stroger declared a state of emergency for Cook County due to flooding of the Des Plaines River. Hurricane-force wind gusts were reported to the east of the center across parts of Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio and Pennsylvania with significant wind damage including structural damage to buildings and trees. The Louisville area declared a state of emergency due to major damage and power outages, and the Louisville International Airport was closed temporarily. A LG&E spokesperson said that this was the worst power outage in 30 years. Later in the day, a statewide state of emergency was declared in Kentucky by Governor Steve Beshear. Cincinnati-Northern Kentucky International Airport was also temporarily shut down, and the control tower was evacuated.In Cincinnati, numerous reports of roof damage and up-rooted trees were called in to law enforcement, and on September 15, most of the schools in Hamilton County, Butler County, and Clermont County had classes cancelled because of power outages, some of which lasted seven days. Wind gusts of were recorded in both Cincinnati and Columbus, which is equivalent to sustained wind levels found in a Category 1 hurricane. Additionally, a state of emergency was declared in Ohio on Monday.
Also in Salem, Indiana and Scottsburg, Indiana, wind gusts up to were recorded. In Floyds Knobs, Indiana near Louisville, Kentucky, winds were reported in excess of 70 mph. In Indiana, high winds caused more than 200,000 customers to be without power throughout the state. Wind gusts of were recorded at Indianapolis International Airport. Coming to Indianapolis, on September 14, Ike also caused damages to the first-ever motorcycle Grand Prix held in Indianapolis, stopping both 125cc and MotoGP races after the two thirds of the distance, and causing the cancellation of the 250cc race. In Shannon County Missouri, an outdoor music festival was taking place; though a large tree fell causing a power outage and Sinking Creek was high there were no injuries reported. 
In Arkansas, about 200,000 customers lost power as a result of the winds, the worst power loss in that state since an ice storm in 2000. In the Louisville area, over 300,000 customers were without power — the worst power outage in the utility's history. The Cincinnati metropolitan area was hard hit as well, with over 927,000 customers losing power in that region. A Duke Energy spokesperson said "We have never seen anything like this. Never. We’re talking about 90 percent of our customers without power." There were so many power outages and so few workers available Duke Energy was thinking of sending workers from their base in Charlotte, North Carolina. Many homes and business were without power for 3–7 days. In the Dayton, Ohio area 300,000 of 515,000 Dayton Power & Light Co. customers lost power at some point following severe wind storms on the afternoon of September 14, according to a company spokesperson. As of Thursday morning, September 18, 90,000 DP&L customers remained without power. Also hard hit were central Ohio (with over 350,000 customers losing power) and northeastern Ohio (with over 310,000 customers losing power), as well as Illinois (49,000), Missouri (85,000), and western Pennsylvania (with over 180,000 customers losing power). In western Kentucky, outside crews had to be brought in from as far away as Mississippi to restore power. In Indiana, about 350,000 customers lost power statewide, mainly in the southern part of the state. In New York State, over 100,000 customers were reported without power. In total, 50 deaths have been blamed on Ike in the inland states.
Canada.
In Ontario, Ike's remnants brought a record amount of rain on Sunday, September 14, in the Windsor region. It was closely following a slow-moving frontal system that had drenched the city the day before, dumping of rain and breaking the old record of in 1979, according to Environment Canada. Most damage in the Windsor area with Ike was confined to downed power lines and toppled tree branches with the wind gusts reaching , with spotty street flooding that made driving completely treacherous in some areas. Highways were washed out in the Bruce Peninsula, and trees were uprooted in London, Ontario. The storm continued to cause wind and rain damage as it continues east along the St. Lawrence River leaving around 25,000 customers without electricity, especially in Belleville, Brockville, Bancroft, Peterborough, Bowmanville, Huntsville and Timmins.
In Quebec, regions to the north of the Saint Lawrence River received to of rainfall (Hautes-Laurentides, Haute-Mauricie, Réserve faunique des Laurentides, Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, Charlevoix and Côte-Nord). Maximum rainfall was recorded between Lac-St-Jean and the Réserve faunique des Laurentides with a station recording more than of rain Along the river, the amount were more in the and range, except in Quebec City area which received almost , most of it between 7:00 pm and 8:00 pm This rain caused small inundations, storm drain overflows, and closed one major highway. In Montreal, high humidity levels pushed by the system caused electrical malfunction one of the lines of the subway, stranding commuters. High winds up to caused, at their worst, over 25,000 households to lose electricity in Montreal, Laval, Estrie and Montérégie and when it reached the Magdalen Islands, it had enough strength to cause a sail boat, the "Océan", to sink. Its six passengers were rescued by a helicopter of the Canadian Coast Guard.
The "Ike Spike" in gasoline prices was quite severe in Canada, with gas prices rising anywhere from 15 to 20 cents per liter.
Iceland.
Ike's remnants combined with an unusual depression that affected southwestern Iceland on September 17, three days after Ike became extratropical. The storm produced waves along southwest coasts of the island. Rainfall peaked near close to Reykjavík. Wind gusts were measured up to . Strong winds on the backside of the system produced a large dust storm in northern areas of the island.
Aftermath.
Criticism of FEMA.
After Hurricane Ike many residents applied to FEMA for loans and FEMA trailers. Many residents were forced to wait several weeks until their trailers arrived. Some waited for up to two months living in hotels, homes of relatives several miles away, or in their homes with no power or running water. Many residents were very angry at the response that FEMA gave to the problem. Texas state leaders also accused FEMA of foot-dragging and insensitivity. People able to prepare by buying insurance were declined any aid at all, even if need was proven, while people who had either bought no insurance, or inadequate insurance, were offered help. Some residents who needed a trailer had almost finished repairing their homes by the time their trailers arrived. Residents in Bridge City were outraged that FEMA had not given their homes inspections so that they could apply for loans and trailers. In an effort to help Bridge City, people in Port Neches, Nederland, and residents of Bridge City whose homes had not been damaged offered their services to the people of Bridge City in an effort to speed up the rebuilding of Bridge City. 
FEMA did not provide debit cards to Ike victims, as it did for Katrina victims.
Public and Mental Health Issues.
Hurricane Ike also brought many health issues to the victims. Damages from the homes and the environment helped create these issues amongst the public. Following the disaster communities were challenged to provide the correct medical treatment in emergency rooms and other medical facilities. It developed stress restricting victims their basic health services. Orange County had an 88.5 percent capacity loss of intermediate care facilities reducing its overall capacity. By late October five hospitals that usually served the areas that were impacted by the hurricane stayed closed while only one hospital continued to operate but with a limit of patients.
The need for mental health services increased after the disaster especially for depression and post-traumatic stress disorder. Most individuals will not progress in constant behavioral or mental health problems, but the World Health Organization estimates between five and ten percent of victims will have more long-term issues. Telephone interviews and mental health diagnoses were ordered randomly to households concerning the effects of Hurricane Ike. Post disaster mental health occurrences were 5.9 percent for post-traumatic stress disorder, 4.5 percent for major depressive episode, and 9.9 percent for general anxiety disorder. A Galveston Bay Recovery Study (GBRS) was a survey distributed through a random stratified cluster sampling of victims in the Galveston Bay area for research on traumatic stress and disaster exposure. When surveyed victims were asked how they felt and what they experienced after the hurricane there was an immediate emotional response of fear from the loss of property, employment,displacement, and damages. Children were targeted for physical abuse by parents and guardians because of loss of property and employment. Results of post-traumatic stress disorder, depressive symptoms, anxiety symptoms, dysfunctions, and disabilities were reported when asked how stressful their lives have been since Hurricane Ike. There was an increase of impairments, interference with social activities and health behaviors such as eating poorly, smoking more, and restlessness. Development of these mental health problems were due to the lack of sufficient clean clothing, electricity, food, money, transportation, or water for at least one week.
Victims and workers face numerous residential and occupational hazards during the process of repairing their homes or community. An exposure to hazardous materials through the process created health threats of diseases, air contamination, smoke inhalation, and lead poisoning. As disaster victims return to their damaged homes children were exposed to the debris and other hazards, developing a risk of injury. After the hurricane because of power outages individuals and family misused portable generators causing carbon monoxide poisoning. 82 percent to 87 percent of carbon monoxide were caused by the improper use of generators. The Texas Department of State Health Services issued that gasoline generators should not be used indoor. 54 people were reported by the Texas poison centers to have storm related carbon monoxide exposure. The Undersea and Hyperbaric Medical Society and The Center for Disease Control reported 15 people had to undergo hyperbaric oxygen treatment for carbon monoxide poisoning. Symptoms from exposure were headaches, nausea, and vomiting with majority of the treated cases under the age of eighteen. The Department of State Health Services(DSHS) released health-related precautions for people in areas where flooding and electrical outages have occurred as a result of Hurricane Ike. This forced an advisory to be given to the communities to boil water from the public drinking water systems.
Sports.
Hurricane Ike forced the Houston Astros and the Chicago Cubs to play out their 3 game set in Milwaukee at Miller Park. Ike also forced the postponement of the second-week NFL game between the Houston Texans and the Baltimore Ravens. That postponement gave both teams a bye week in the beginning of the season on September 14, 2008. The game was later made up in Houston after repairs were made to Reliant Stadium on November 9, 2008. It also forced the NCAA football game on September 13 between the Houston Cougars and the Air Force Falcons to be moved from Robertson Stadium in Houston to Gerald Ford Stadium in Dallas. Ike also forced the postponement of a Texas Longhorns game in Austin, Texas due to increased evacuee traffic in the city's shelters. Tickets for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) WrestleMania XXV were originally scheduled to go on sale September 20, 2008, but it was postponed out of concern for the residents near the Gulf of Mexico due to Hurricane Ike and the disaster area declaration by Texas Governor Rick Perry. Following another postponement due to the effect of Ike on the state of Texas, WWE announced that ticket sales would be postponed until November 8, 2008.
Relief efforts.
There were a number of relief efforts set up to help those caught up in Ike, including one set up by Portlight and Weather Underground. Most of them raised at least $10,000 to help out. The Portlight/Wunderground effort created some initial controversy springing from the unexpected overwhelming response to requests for assistance..
Portlight delivered over $500,000 worth of equipment to people with disabilities and outlying communities that were impacted by Hurricane Ike. They also delivered pizza to the residents of the hard hit Bolivar peninsula and helped provide a Christmas party for residents of Bridge City, Tx.
It should also be noted that AmeriCorps National Civilian Community Corps Members of Class XIV and the Southern Baptist Convention's Disaster Relief Program responded to aid in the Relief Effort by working with The Red Cross and Salvation Army throughout Texas.
Oil and gas spills.
Hurricane Ike's winds, surge and giant waves tossed storage tanks and punctured pipelines. However, operators in the Gulf of Mexico (ranging from major integrated producers like BP and Shell, to small privately owned independents) shut in operations in advance of Ike's approach as a precautionary measure. As a result of these shut-ins, US oil production dropped from to in the immediate aftermath of the hurricane. By late November, production was restored to pre-Ike levels. Despite the hurricane, only of crude oil spilled into the Gulf of Mexico and the marshes, bayous and bays of Louisiana and Texas over a coastline distance of 185 miles. Much of the spillage occurred in the High Island area of Galveston County, Texas, where storm surge rose over a low-lying oilfield and flooded the marshy area around several producing wells, beam pumps and storage tanks. During the days both before and after the storm, companies and residents reported around 448 releases of gas, oil and other substances into the environment in Louisiana and Texas. The hardest hit places were industrial centers near Houston and Port Arthur, Texas, as well as oil production facilities off Louisiana's coast. 
The Coast Guard, with the Environmental Protection Agency and state agencies, has responded to more than 3,000 pollution reports associated with the storm and its surge along the upper Texas coast. Most callers complain about abandoned propane tanks, paint cans and other hazardous materials containers turning up in marshes, backyards and other places.
Oil Tanker SKS "Satilla" collision against a missing oil rig.
On March 6, 2009, a 159,000-ton Norwegian tanker SKS "Satilla" collided with a jackup oil rig Ensco 74, which had been missing after Ike struck. The tanker's double hull prevented oil spill at the site 65 miles south of Galveston, which is 115 miles west of the original position of the rig. Four drilling rigs including Ensco 74 were damaged by Ike, but it was the only rig missing. At least 52 oil platforms were damaged by Ike.
Retirement.
Because of the tremendous damage, number of deaths, and people left missing, the name "Ike" was officially retired on April 22, 2009 by the World Meteorological Organization, and will never again be used for an Atlantic tropical cyclone. It will be replaced with Isaias in the 2014 season.
Documentaries.
Students at Ball High School in Galveston, Texas, created the documentary "". It premiered at Galveston's Opera House on May 21, 2009. It was made available on DVD on September 13, 2009, the one year anniversary of Ike.
Mark Hanna with the Insurance Council of Texas (ICT) prepared a 60-minute documentary on Hurricane Ike entitled "09-13-08, Hurricane Ike". The program aired in the spring of 2009 on 10 of the 13 PBS TV stations in Texas and may be seen at ICT's website.
Chris Terrill filmed the impact of Ike on Galveston, in the second part of his three-part series "Nature's Fury". The film captured the evacuation, storm surge and waves overtopping the sea wall preceding the hurricane's arrival; before and after footage of the historic Balinese Room nightclub that was destroyed in the storm; scenes on the street during 100 mph winds and lashing rain; and the devastation afterwards.
Future mitigation.
A commission was established by Rick Perry, the Texas Governor, following the hurricane to investigate preparing for and mitigating future disasters. A proposal has been put forth to build an "Ike Dike", a massive levee system which would protect the Galveston Bay, and the important industrial facilities which line the coast and the ship channel, from a future, potentially more destructive storm. The proposal has gained widespread support from a variety of business interests. it is currently only at the conceptual stage.
Long-term recovery and solutions.
According to the Houston Department of Health and Human Services the greatest need of households affected was obtaining food supplies. Communities that were vulnerable during the disaster needed help in how to prepare for recovery that would take longer than three to five days. More than 52.3% of households had vulnerable family members such as children under 2 years old, pregnant women, and adults over 60. Affected houses included 55%without power, 9.5% used gas-powered generators to give limited power to their house, and 29.1% used grills and camp stoves to cook food. Other families said their house's toilet did not work and no garbage pickup. Others needed assistance with getting clothing, medicine, medical care, and transportation. Certain areas of Houston did not have access to public messages sent out on how to prepare for longer long-term recovery, planning to be prepared properly, and management. There was a need for improved communication with service agencies to respond after the disaster.
Most of Houston residents, roughly 3 million, were without power for weeks and lived in darkness. Victims of the hurricane were staying with friends and relatives and dealing with starting over with their life and what their next step will be. People helped out in affected communities through volunteering trying to help to rebuild the communities. Social service and nonprofit agencies tried helping Houston and Galveston by offering services through grant money. Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) assisted Ike victims by heading towards a long-term recovery through Long-Term Community Recovery Branch (LTCR) by gathering federal, state, and local nongovernment agencies to help affected communities create long-term recovery resources, fix problems and concerns, plans heading towards action steps and succeed when a future disaster happens.
Solutions for long-term recovery include federal and state agencies' meetings where they discuss recovery needs, planning effective ideas with state and local governments, and address needs and goals. Communities need to effectively use resources from programs and agencies offerings for recovery, coordination, and plans. Challenges may be faced in recovery efforts such as how long a federal government provides assistance, officials not able to successfully address the affected communities issues, effective authority and encouraging agencies' attention, and communicating to the realistic expectations of exactly how much resources in which leaders have available for recovery and assistance. Successful long-term recovery builds the community coming back stronger, keeps going, more structured than it was before hurricane and reconstruction. FEMA's grant program created purchasing properties and move them to another area that does not flood as badly. The Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000 requires communities to have plans for disaster aid and grants to identify risk and vulnerability for communities' power limitations to instill actions and assessments for comprehensive plans. FEMA Act has helped protect homes and communities promote disaster risk identification and assessment of age. After Hurricane Ike, Texas' communities started building stronger communities. Future of long-term recovery planning starts with residents being active in their community, immediate reconstruction, and long-term action enhances community and local resilience. Communities can reduce losses in the future and improve resilience by careful land use planning and development management. Action steps that can be taken to reduce threats from future hurricanes are restoring marshes and marshland, plan reconstruction in nonvulnerable areas, heighten structures for flood protection, and create building design that is simple, low in cost, and designed to handle hurricane-strength winds. Communities needed to find a way to decrease their vulnerability. Key for communication about the recovery process and planning is identifying resources, simplifying assistance, sharing information, including all important groups: improve individuality, families, and community emergency preparations.

</doc>
<doc id="19135121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135121" title="Ekarahi">
Ekarahi

Ekarahi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,695 persons living in 651 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135131" title="Northgate High School (Walnut Creek, California)">
Northgate High School (Walnut Creek, California)

Northgate High School (NHS) is a public high school located in the affluent suburban North Gate neighborhood of Walnut Creek, California. The most recent of five high schools in the Mount Diablo Unified School District, the school was built in 1974, and is home to approximately 1,600 students from Walnut Creek and Concord, California, grades 9-12. Its name derives from its location at the north entrance of Mount Diablo State Park.
History.
Northgate High School opened in 1974 to relieve pressure on neighboring Ygnacio Valley High School in Concord. Students were gradually phased in; the school graduated its first class in 1976. Northgate was the sixth of six high schools to be built in the Mt. Diablo Unified School District (in 2012, Clayton Valley High School left MDUSD and became a charter school, leaving five regular high schools in the district).
In December 2007, a petition was made to move Northgate to the Acalanes Union High School District. The Mt. Diablo school district board and the Contra Costa County Office of Education both denied the petition.
Academics.
Northgate High School was named a distinguished school in 2007. The school employs 60 certified teachers. 19 Advanced Placement courses are offered in fields including science, math, English, foreign language, social science, and art. Approximately 97% of graduates attend four-year or two-year colleges and universities. The school had a 94.81% graduation rate in 2010-11.
Unlike some other schools in the Mt. Diablo district, Northgate does not have any formal academies. However, for freshmen it does offer a Global Perspectives "pathway". A fixed cadre of students takes three “threaded” classes (English 1, World History, and Art Design) that build connections between the content in all three. Project-based learning is designed to strengthen concepts taught in the classes.
The course catalog also offers several sets of suggested courses for students with a specific interest, but these are not planned collaboratively; these include sequences in communications, environmental studies, animation, and engineering.
Extracurricular Activities.
Athletics.
The Northgate High School Athletic Department oversees 24 competitive varsity athletic teams that compete in the Diablo Valley Athletic League. Northgate's sports include football, cheerleading, basketball, baseball, soccer, volleyball, cross county, golf, lacrosse, swimming, tennis, track and field, softball, water polo, and wrestling. Steve Chappell has been the Athletic Director since 2010. During the 2013-14 year, the school broke ground on a new center to provide a pool for the aquatics teams and facilities for the school's sports medicine program.
The annual football game between Northgate and its cross-town rival Las Lomas High School is nicknamed "The Battle of the Creek" after Walnut Creek, California.
More information about the athletic program can be found at the Northgate athletics website.
Performing Arts.
All Northgate performing arts programs operate chiefly out of the Jack De Rieux Little Theatre, which was remodeled and enlarged in 2006.
The instrumental music program consists of a Concert Band, Symphonic Band, Wind Ensemble, Jazz Band, Orchestra, and Marching Band (all are regular courses except the extracurricular marching band). Symphonic Band is the largest instrumental music group, typically consisting of 10th, 11th, and 12th grade members. Orchestra consists of students from all grades; the prerequisite is previous experience with private teachers or Orchestra in middle school. The audition process for Wind Ensemble and Jazz Band, the two most advanced bands, is competitive in nature due to a high number of talented students vying for a small number of spaces. In addition to concerts on campus, each spring the jazz ensembles usually hold a concert at Yoshi's nightclub in Oakland and all the other groups perform together at the Dean Lesher Regional Center for the Arts in downtown Walnut Creek. The chair of the Performing Arts department and director of instrumental music is Greg Brown; as a result of Mr. Brown's extensive experience as a performer and clinic instructor, Northgate is visited by many guest music instructors each year. More information about the instrumental music program is published on the NIMB website.
The choir program consists of several groups: the entry-level Concert Choir, Vocal Ensemble, Mixed Choir, and Treble Choir are regular classes, while the women's group Bella Voce, the men's group Il Coro, and the co-ed Madrigals are extracurricular activities. In order to be a part of the Madrigals (or "Mads" as they are known around campus), any prospective female member must first have spent one year in Bella Voce, as well as complete a rigorous audition process. Male members must only spend one year in Concert Choir before auditioning for Mads (some exceptions have been made in the past). An audition process is also required for Bella Voce. Members of Concert Choir and Il Coro need only to sign up for the course when registering for classes.
Madrigals have a heavy winter schedule, as they do holiday gigs for restaurants and families that hire them. This fundraising activity has been in place since the late 1970s and occupies most of December for the members. The funds from this activity currently support the students' spring tour. Former Choral Director Chris Piazza was instrumental in developing and supporting this activity, which showcased the school's vocal students to the community at large. Bella Voce, Madrigals, and the Instrumental Music program go to Disneyland in the spring to participate in the musical performances that are held there for high schools and other performing arts groups. This event is called "Disney Performing Arts" (formerly known as "Magic Music Days"). During the 2011-2012 academic year, current director Monica Maddern expanded the choral music program to include a fourth group, Men's Chorus, that would join the Disneyland tours.
The drama program consists of four levels, the last being Production Workshop which produces at least one play per semester. Students have the opportunity to try working with all aspects of theater, including stage lighting, sound design, promotions, scenic design, props (theatrical property), and stage management. Northgate also participates in the Devil Mountain Improv League, a completely student-created and student-run coalition of competitive high school improvisational theater students that has been around since 1996.
Student Groups.
Northgate hosts approximately 50 clubs and organizations. These include school chapters of National Honor Society and the California Scholarship Federation, Model United Nations, Junior Statesmen of America, the Filipino Cultural Club, Northgate Robotics Group, and Environmentally Concerned Kids (ECK). The conflict management program and peer tutoring program allow older students to advise their peers. The Youth Educators program involves juniors and seniors instructing 8th graders at Foothill Middle School on drug abuse.
Architecture.
Northgate High School has received both acclaim and criticism for its unique architecture. The school is built into the side of a hill on Castle Rock Road, at the foothills of Mt. Diablo. The school is sometimes referred to as a prison by its students, because of its concrete exterior and a lack of windows in all classrooms.
When the school was originally constructed, none of the classrooms had permanent walls; rather, classes had half-high walls that could be moved to make more room in classrooms if needed. This was a main reason that the film "The Principal" chose to film at Northgate. Classrooms were later retrofitted with walls because the concept was considered a fire hazard. Movable walls in classrooms were replaced by full-height walls. The school closed for a period of many months after the Loma Prieta Earthquake due to the discovery of asbestos. During the 1990–91 school year, portable classrooms were used on the school grounds and the former Castle Rock Elementary grounds.
The library sits in the main forum of the school and remains one of the only areas with 5-foot walls, making the library very open, and in clear view of the office on the second floor. In the center of the school, there is a small atrium with plants and a small pond that is currently home to a few turtles.
Popular Culture.
The movie "The Principal" was partially filmed at Northgate High School. Northgate was chosen for the interior design of the school. Jim Belushi's character teaches at before he gets busted for bashing the red Porsche with a baseball bat. The school was supposed to represent his easy, nice-school teaching life before getting transferred to the worst school in the district (filmed in Oakland, CA), having five-foot-tall walls around the classes creating an open environment.

</doc>
<doc id="19135132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135132" title="The Majority">
The Majority

The Majority is the only full length studio album by Mammal. It is however, their second album following their debut , which was a live album and also a self-titled studio EP. The album features all new songs, except "Burn Out" & "Hollywood Shrine" which are familiar to Mammals fans, being played live for over a year prior. The first single Smash the Piñata was released a month prior to the album. The album while still being true to Mammal's core sound has shown a more diverse and adventurous side to the band musically. Work began on the album on 20 November 2007 and recording commenced on 20 April 2008 with American producer/engineer Eric Sarafin who is known for his work with Ben Harper, Spearhead & Pharcyde.
To help Mammals "No Label" approach to existing, the band enlisted the help of loyal fans by accepting pre-orders before the recording had even started, to fund the recording process. The fans who helped received the Limited Edition version of the album numbered and signed by the band and were also thanked in the liner notes.
The album was launched live on the day of release at an instore at Rare Records, St Kilda. The band performed the entire album to the lucky first 100 people who pre-ordered the album.
When the song "Burn Out" is played live, Mammal have been known to bring artists from other acts on the bill onto stage to sing in duet with Zeke.
Such artists include:
Singles.
"Smash the Piñata" is the first single taken from The Majority by Mammal. The song was released to radio about a month prior to the album release. A video was also made for the song, directed by Chris Frey 
"The Majority" was the second single taken from The Majority. The song was released to coincide with the launch of the host album. A video was also made for the song, directed by Chris Frey 
Bonus DVD.
"The Majority" was initially released as a CD+DVD Digipak Limited Edition pressing. Limited copies pre-ordered from JB Hi-Fi also came signed by the band.
AUS Limited Edition MAMMAL004

</doc>
<doc id="19135145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135145" title="Fulgama">
Fulgama

Fulgama is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,564 persons living in 1539 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135148" title="Bernard Ginsburg House">
Bernard Ginsburg House

The Bernard Ginsburg House is a single family private residence located at 236 Adelaide Street in the Brush Park district of Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Significance.
The Bernard Ginsburg House is significant for both the original owner and the architect. Owner Bernard Ginsburg was an important figure in philanthropy, civic service, and the Jewish community in Detroit during the late 19th and early 20th century. Architect Albert Kahn went on to become well known in industrial and commercial architecture; the Ginsburg house and its English Renaissance style exhibited is typical of Kahn's early work.
Bernard Ginsburg.
Bernard Ginsburg was born in Columbus, Indiana in 1864; his parents were Polish immigrants who had arrived in America in the mid-1850s. The family moved to New York and then to Detroit, where Bernard graduated from high school in 1881. Than same year, Bernard and his father began in business as iron merchants under the name, "R L Ginsburg." The business was successful, and Bernard became very well-to-do. He served as Public lighting Commissioner for two years and as a member of the Public Library Board. He was active in Jewish charities, particularly supporting the Eastern European Jews who were migrating into the country. He served as President of the United Jewish Charities, vice president of the National Conference of Jewish Charities, director of the Jewish Orphan Asylum in Cleveland, Ohio, and President of Temple Beth El from 1918-1919.
Description.
The Bernard Ginsburg House is a two-and-one-half-story structure made of red brick and stone. A carved wood arcade atop stone walls tuns the width of the front porch. Unique and beautiful statues support the porch roof. The openings for windows and doors have frames and quoins constructed of limestone.

</doc>
<doc id="19135153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135153" title="Ghodghans">
Ghodghans

Ghodghans is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,503 persons living in 632 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135159" title="Giddha, Nepal">
Giddha, Nepal

Giddha is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,147 persons living in 714 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135166" title="The Fort (Morrison, Colorado)">
The Fort (Morrison, Colorado)

The Fort is a historic restaurant in Morrison, Colorado. The structure was inspired by Bent's Fort[http://www.thefort.com/History.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="19135176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135176" title="Godar">
Godar

Godar is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of southeastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,390 persons living in 1290 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135179" title="Yagyabhumi">
Yagyabhumi

Yagyabhumi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10808 persons living in 2168 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135189" title="Gopalpur, Nepal">
Gopalpur, Nepal

Gopalpur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,076 persons living in 709 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135195" title="List of countries by number of Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film">
List of countries by number of Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film

This is a list of countries by number of Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film. This table shows the total number of nominations and awards received by each country. It follows Academy convention by not grouping the tally of extinct countries with that of their successor state(s).

</doc>
<doc id="19135196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135196" title="Electric Picnic 2008">
Electric Picnic 2008

Electric Picnic 2008 was the fifth Electric Picnic festival to take place. The three-day event took place on the weekend of Friday–Sunday, 29–31 August at Stradbally in County Laois, Ireland. The festival was headlined by Sigur Rós on the Friday, George Clinton and Franz Ferdinand on the Saturday, and My Bloody Valentine and Sex Pistols on the Sunday.
Florence and the Machine performed for the first time in Ireland at Electric Picnic 2008.
Build-up.
Tickets.
The 2008 festival was confirmed when the official Electric Picnic website announced the usual pre-sale was to happen again. These tickets went on sale on 9 November 2007 and full price tickets went on sale on Friday 28 March at 9 p.m. Weekend tickets—there are no individual day ones—cost €240 including camping, with the various sites opening at 9 a.m. on Friday 29 August. Camper van access cost €60. Also available were family tickets permitting entrance for two adults plus four children aged 12 and under. Otherwise it was strictly over 18s with photo ID required. Tickets had sold out by 17 June.
In the build up to the festival the main page of the official website was replaced by a sequence of brightly coloured boxes (originally smaller in number and toward the centre of the screen but subsequently expanded). For a period this would reveal a 'secret' message concerning the line-up followed by the caption, "Electric Picnic, August 2008, Stradbally Estate, County Laois". The boxes then became more erratic and the message evolved to reveal a particular date and time referring to the release of the line-up.
Jeopardy threats.
The 2008 festival was thrown into jeopardy in June when the Irish Music Rights Organisation said Pod Concerts had no right to run the festival again. IMRO is seeking more than €432,000 from the promoter because of royalties allegedly not paid from a series of music festivals, including Lovebox and Garden Party, over the past four years. The organisers had to make reassurances that the festival was in no doubt or jeopardy. They also had to deny rumours that the site was flooded in the build-up to the festival.
The festival.
The 2008 festival was attended by more than 32,000 people.
Music.
Sigur Rós, George Clinton and Sex Pistols headlined. Other musicians appearing included My Bloody Valentine, Franz Ferdinand, German rockers Faust, Tindersticks, The Breeders, Grinderman, Goldfrapp, Gomez, Gossip, CSS, Duffy, Foals, Hadouken!, Wilco, The Roots, Turin Brakes, Carbon/Silicon, Conor Oberst and New Young Pony Club. Irish acts to appear included Kíla, The Stunning, Sinéad O'Connor, Christy Moore, Liam Ó Maonlaí, Boss Volenti, The Waterboys, The Flaws, Ham Sandwich, Fred, Super Extra Bonus Party, Jape, Lisa Hannigan, Cathy Davey, Gemma Hayes and Mark Geary.
The initial line-up was officially announced on Wednesday 26 March at 18:00.
The Bodytonic tent line-up for 2008 included Ben Klock, Ashley Beedle, Linkwood, Calibre, Spillywalker (live), Siphon and Syntheastwood. Plans for their Twisted Pepper stage continue, with a Digitonic AV/VJ showcase assisted by Vince Watson, Eddie Brennan of POGO, Barry Donavan from Lunar Disko, 091, Shed and Redshape.
"Hot Press" Chatroom.
The "Hot Press" Chatroom returned for a fourth consecutive year, hosting exclusive public interviews with some of the weekend’s big names, including Carbon/Silicon, Elbow, The Flaws, That Petrol Emotion, The Stunning, Mark Geary, Cathy Davey, Kíla, Josh Ritter, James Yorkston, The Roots, Gemma Hayes and Michael Franti, Oppenheimer, Jinx Lennon, Joe Rooney and his very special comedy guests, Foals and David Holmes. On the Friday, Kíla's Hogan brothers talked of their Main Stage show that day, which featured a custom-made backdrop, Brazilian dancers and an acrobat show. On the Saturday, Elbow frontman Guy Garvey talked about his band's celebrity fans John Cale and the Coen brothers and explained how he ended up appearing on record with Cathy Davey, Oppenheimer told how they went from relative obscurity to having tracks appear on hit US TV show "Ugly Betty", Cathy Davey appeared with her dog, Rex to discuss the success of her latest album, her forthcoming show at the Dublin Fringe, her version of the events that led up to the Elbow collaboration, and how she got on supporting R.E.M. at the Olympia whilst That Petrol Emotion members Steve Mack and Raymond Gorman telling of their decision to play Electric Picnic after turning down several high-profile support slots for the likes of U2 and David Bowie, and discussed the possibility of recording together again. On the Sunday, Foals spoke of the incident at Summercase in Barcelona the previous month where themselves and Kaiser Chiefs broke up a fight when Bloc Party frontman Kele Okereke was assaulted and racially abused by members of John Lydon's entourage.
Amnesty International.
Amnesty International were present at the 2008 festival, hosting a series of events to mark the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The Amnesty marquee was located beside the Leviathan tent, and hosted half-hourly bingo games with big prizes and celebrity announcers Brendan Courtney, ("Off the Rails"), Karl Spain ("The Panel") and George McMahon (Mondo from "Fair City"). The Freedom Café also made a reappearance this year. The Sunday night of the festival featured a singalong of "Happy Birthday" before the Sex Pistols's Main Stage set, which was followed by a party in the Amnesty tent. Roddy Doyle and Anne Enright were amongst the writers at Leviathan who read their contributions to "The Irish Times"/Amnesty International series on the Declaration, followed by a panel discussion chaired by Hugh Linehan. Also on site were thirty distinctive yellow and black numbered boxes scattered throughout, to serve as meeting points for punters.
The Eileens returned to help Amnesty International promote their special bingo session. "Murf and Mac", grandmother Eileen Murphy and great grandmother Eileen McGillycuddy from Killorglin, County Kerry were filmed for an RTÉ documentary attending the 2007 festival.
Art.
Burning Man Temple.
The 55-foot wooden Temple of Truth by acclaimed American artist David Best resembled a cross between the Eiffel Tower and a Buddhist temple. The construction was carried out on site and took four months to prepare. At the end of the weekend it was set on fire by the family of a young male who took his own life.
Elephants.
Also on site, there was a herd of 13 life-size Asian elephants, constructed in Clonakilty, County Cork. They had been touring Ireland and Britain to raise awareness of the fate of elephants in India. The charity Elephant Family built the sculptures; it was founded by twin sisters Ruth and Mary Powys.
Comedy.
Comedian David O'Doherty staged his first gig in Ireland since winning the comedy world's most prestigious award at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
Cookery.
Five celebrity Michelin Star chefs staged "cook-offs" at the festival. Food critic Tom Doorley judged the event.
Camping.
Myhabs.
For 2008, Electric Picnic introduced the Myhab eco-friendly alternative to camping. Ticket holders could book a two-person myhab, which was located in the yellow campsite. When they arrived at the site, the myhabs were waiting for you. Myhab users also had access to toilets, hot showers, a safe box for valuables, and it was easy to find as it could be personalised when booked online. Myhabs were waterproof, spacious, and made from reusable, recyclable materials.
Poisoning incident.
On the Sunday at around 7 am, a privately hired specially converted double-decker bus containing twelve sleeping people was reported as having a faulty generator and had apparently begun leaking carbon monoxide. One person was taken to the intensive care unit in Portlaoise General Hospital and was said to be in a stable condition. A second person was sent to hospital as a precaution.
Aftermath.
Hundreds of cars became stuck in the mud in the aftermath of Electric Picnic. Heavy rain on the Sunday night left the fields soggy and partly flooded on the Monday morning, following the wettest August in over 170 years. Heavy rain overnight left the fields where cars were parked very wet. Tractors were called in to tow out some vehicles. This led to heavy traffic around Stradbally, particularly the Abbeyleix road. Gardaí cracking down on drink driving arrested a number of people on the Monday morning following on from six other arrests over the weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="19135201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135201" title="Goth Kohelpur">
Goth Kohelpur

Goth Kohelpur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,019 persons living in 578 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135208" title="Govindapur, Dhanusa">
Govindapur, Dhanusa

Govindapur is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,504 persons living in 1283 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135212" title="2008 Louisville Cardinals football team">
2008 Louisville Cardinals football team

The 2008 Louisville Cardinals football team represents the University of Louisville in the 2008 college football season. The team, led by Steve Kragthorpe in his second year at the school, plays their home games in Papa John's Cardinal Stadium and are in their fourth year in the Big East Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19135225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135225" title="Hansapur Kathpula">
Hansapur Kathpula

Hansapur Kathpula is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,969 persons living in 669 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135231" title="Circuit Court of Cook County">
Circuit Court of Cook County

The Circuit Court of Cook County is the largest of the 22 circuits in Illinois as well as one of the largest unified court systems in the world. It was created by a 1964 amendment to the Illinois Constitution which reorganized the courts of Illinois. The amendment effectively merged the often confusing and overlapping jurisdictions of Cook County's 161 courts into one uniform and cohesive court of general jurisdiction.
More than 2.4 million cases are filed every year. To accommodate its vast caseload, the Circuit Court of Cook County is organized into three functional departments: County, Municipal and Juvenile Justice and Child Protection.
Dorothy Brown is the current Clerk of the Circuit Court of Cook County, and Timothy C. Evans is system's chief judge.
County Department.
The County Department is divided into the following six divisions. Each division is headed by a presiding judge. The types of cases heard in each division depend on the nature of the controversy.
Criminal Division.
The Criminal Division hears cases in which the state alleges the commission of a serious criminal act such as:
Domestic Relations Division.
Domestic Relations Division hears matters concerning:
Law Division.
The Law Division hears civil suits for recovery of monetary damages in excess of $30,000 in the city of Chicago, and in excess of $100,000 in the suburban districts, as well as many types of administrative reviews. Cases heard include:
Probate Division.
The Probate Division hears matters concerning wills and administration of estates. Cases heard include:
Municipal Department.
"The Municipal Department is divided into six geographic districts. Each district is supervised by a presiding judge.
The First Municipal District encompasses the City of Chicago. Municipal Districts Two through Six encompass the communities in suburban Cook County.
The Municipal Districts hear cases involving:*
Juvenile Justice and Child Protection Department.
The Juvenile Justice and Child Protection Department is the Circuit Court of Cook County's newest department. Prior to its creation as a full-status department by then Chief Judge Donald P. O'Connell in January 1995, the Juvenile Justice and Child Protection Department was originally known as the Juvenile Justice Division and functioned as a part of the County Department. The establishment of the Juvenile Justice and Child Protection Department marked the first restructuring of the Circuit Court of Cook County in its thirty-year history.
The department is divided into two divisions: Juvenile Justice and Child Protection. Each division is headed by a presiding judge.
The Juvenile Justice Division hears cases involving delinquent minors under 17 years of age. The Juvenile Justice Division also orders programs and services to rehabilitate these minors and monitors their progress through probation officers. Cases heard include:
The Child Protection Division hears cases involving child abuse, child neglect, child dependency, private guardianship, and termination of parental rights.
The Juvenile Justice and Child Protection Resource Section serves as liaison to the academic, business and religious communities to identify and develop services and resources that will augment programs vital to juvenile justice. The section is supervised by an administrative presiding judge and is located in the Richard J. Daley Center. 
The Cook County Juvenile Court was the first juvenile court established in the U.S., in 1899. During its first quarter century, its most important person was Mary Bartelme, whose official titles were Cook County Public Guardian and then (after 1913) assistant to the judge. Bartelme devoted much of her life to child welfare and the reform of juvenile laws, and became an associate justice in 1923 and presiding judge in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="19135241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135241" title="Hariharpur, Janakpur">
Hariharpur, Janakpur

Hariharpur is a Village Development Committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,259 persons residing in 1133 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135246" title="Alexei Purin">
Alexei Purin

Alexei Purin (full name "Alexei Arnol'dovich Purin", ) (born 1955) is a Russian poet and critic.
Born in Leningrad, Purin graduated from the Leningrad Technological Institute as a chemical engineer but soon turned to literature. In the 1970s he became part of the group around the poet Alexander Kushner, who opposed the government's socialist realism but also rejected the "underground poetry" often found in samizdat publication.For Purin and his circle the core concepts of literary art were the ‘everyday word’ of Innokentii Annenski (1856-1909), who inspired the Acmeists, a group of early-20th-century poets reacting against the vagueness and affectations of Symbolism, and Mandelshtam’s ‘nostalgia for a world culture’. Purin’s first book of poems contains the much-discussed cycle ‘Eurasia’ (1985), which deals with his years of military service in Karelia on the Finnish border. ‘Never before has the Red Army been written about in this manner,’ said the reviewer of Novii Mir... The combination of earthliness and literary condensation in Eurasia became Purin’s trademark.Yevgeny Rein said of him: "A poet of wide, organically digested culture, a poet of the rarest technical equipment, he sends his muse along two paths: complex classical stylizations based on rarely visited poetic regions (Alexandria, the ancient East, Greece of the times of Pericles and Alcibiades, the early Middle Ages), and the other, simpler path, that of lyric exercises, impressions from touristic Europe, normal love lyrics, sometimes with an exotic tendency." He has been in charge of the poetry section of the St. Petersburg literary review "Zvezda" (The Star) since 1989 and editor of "Urbi", a literary almanac, since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19135254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135254" title="Duke Hashimoto">
Duke Hashimoto

Duke Hashimoto (born December 15, 1984 in Kapolei, Hawaii) is an American soccer forward with the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division.
College.
Hashimoto grew up in Hawaii, where he played soccer at Iolani School. He was a two time (2001, 2002) All State soccer player and the 2002 State Soccer Player of the Year. His Honolulu Bulls club team won the 2005 USYSA U-19 National Championship. However, his junior year, he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee, which would become a recurring theme in his career. He attended Southern Methodist University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 2002 to 2005. He lost the last third of his junior season after tearing the ACL in his left knee. He was a 2005 second team All American.
Professional.
In 2005, Hashimoto played as an amateur with the DFW Tornados of the fourth division Premier Development League. On January 20, 2006, the Columbus Crew selected Hashimoto in the fourth round (38th overall) in the 2006 MLS SuperDraft. On May 23, 2006, the Crew traded Hashimoto to Real Salt Lake in exchange for Noah Palmer. He then spent the rest of the season with Real’s reserves, playing eight games and scoring three goals. In June 2007, he tore the ACL in his left knee, forcing him to sit out the season. He had surgery, but tore it again in September 2007. He failed to gain first team game time in 2008 and on March 3, 2008, the Salt Lake waived him. On August 28, 2008, the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division acquired him for the remainder of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19135258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135258" title="Harine">
Harine

Harine is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,346 persons living in 779 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135267" title="Bradfield, Norfolk">
Bradfield, Norfolk

Bradfield is a village within the civil parish of Swafield, in the English county of Norfolk. The village is south south east of Cromer, north north east of Norwich and north east of London. The village lies north north west of the town of North Walsham. The nearest railway station is at Gunton for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport. As with some Norfolk villages, Bradfield stretches across many square miles and merges into other villages on the edges.
Saint Giles parish Church.
Saint Giles is a large church for what is now a small community. The church, however was once bigger still. There is evidence of this both inside and out, because the north and south arcades were filled in when the aisles were demolished. The pillars and arches can still be seen, set in the walls, the early 14th century capitals revealing the age of the church. The porch is dated 1786, along with the churchwardens' names, which is probably shortly after the aisles were demolished. At the east end of the church there is a decorated window and pentagonal buttresses with stone pinnacles added in 1864 when some restoration work was carried out on the church. Above the chancel arch there is a wall painting of Christ in Judgment. He sits on a rainbow showing his wounds. The wall painting dates from the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19135268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135268" title="Nicoamen River">
Nicoamen River

The Nicoamen River is a tributary of the Thompson River in the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located 15 km upstream from its confluence with the Thompson at Lytton.
The Nicoamen forms the extreme northeast boundary of the Cascade Mountains and part of the western boundary of the Thompson Plateau. Located nearby is the Nicoamen Plateau, a small subplateau of the Thompson Plateau.
History.
The confluence of the Thompson and Nicoamen is the site of one of the incidents which led to the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush of 1858-60, as the location of a meet-up between the Nlaka'pamux people of the area and American miners.

</doc>
<doc id="19135269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135269" title="Illinois Circuit Courts">
Illinois Circuit Courts

The Illinois Circuit Courts are state courts of the U.S. state of Illinois. They are trial courts of original jurisdiction. There are 24 judicial circuits in the state, each comprising one or more of Illinois' 102 counties. The jurisdiction of six of these circuits courts are solely within the confines of a single county; these are Cook, Kane, Will, DuPage, Lake, and McHenry. The other 18 circuits each contain between two and 12 counties.
The circuit court has general jurisdiction and can decide, with few exceptions, any kind of case. (The exceptions are redistricting of the Illinois General Assembly and the ability of the governor of Illinois to serve or resume office.) The circuit court also shares jurisdiction with the Supreme Court of Illinois (the state supreme court) to hear cases relating to revenue, mandamus, prohibition, and habeas corpus. However, if the supreme court chooses to exercise its jurisdiction over these cases, the circuit court may not decide them. The circuit court also reviews administrative decisions of certain state agencies.
There are two kinds of judges in the circuit court: circuit judges and associate judges. Circuit judges are elected for six years, may be retained by voters for additional six-year terms, and can hear any kind of case. Circuit judges are elected on a circuit-wide basis or from the county where they reside. 
In the Circuit Court of Cook County, which contains Chicago and is the largest of the 22 circuits in Illinois, circuit judges are elected from the entire county or as resident judges from each of the fifteen subcircuits within the county. Associate judges are appointed by circuit judges, under Supreme Court rules, for four-year terms. An associate judge can hear any case, except criminal cases punishable by a prison term of one year or more, unless the associate judge has received approval from the Supreme Court to hear other criminal cases.
Circuit judges in a circuit elect one of their members to serve as chief judge of the circuit court. Cases may be assigned to general or specialized divisions by the chief judge who has general administrative authority in the circuit, subject to the overall administrative authority of the Supreme Court.

</doc>
<doc id="19135270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135270" title="Tulsi Chauda">
Tulsi Chauda

Tulsi Chauda is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,451.

</doc>
<doc id="19135274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135274" title="St. Joseph's Church, Beijing">
St. Joseph's Church, Beijing

St. Joseph's Church (), commonly known as Wangfujing Church () or Dongtang (, the East Cathedral), is an early 20th-century Romanesque Revival church that is one of the four historic Catholic churches in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Beijing. It is located in the Dongcheng District of the city at 74 Wangfujing Street.
The construction of the church was finished in 1655 by Jesuit missionaries. Due to renovations and reconstruction, the current structure dates back to 1904. The church is the second oldest in Beijing after the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception.
History.
Original structures (1653–1900).
The congregation was first established in 1653 by Father Lodovico Buglio, an Italian Jesuit astronomer and theologian who worked as a missionary to China. The land the first church building was constructed on was donated to the religious order by the Shunzhi Emperor. At the time, the Jesuits were the only group of people from Europe given permission to reside in the capital city, on account of their insight into astronomy. As a result, the church also served as the residence of Buglio and another fellow Jesuit priest.
The church underwent an extremely turbulent history. An earthquake which struck Beijing in 1720 damaged the building. Approximately ninety years later, the church building was obliterated by fire and the remnants that survived were destroyed as a result of the government's anti-Western sentiments and policies. The site remained barren until 1860, when British and French forces invaded Beijing as part of the Second Opium War. Thereafter, foreign missionaries, who were once again allowed into the capital, rebuilt St. Joseph's. However, anti-foreign sentiment never faded away and arose once again at the turn of the century, culminating in the Boxer Rebellion. At the height of the uprising in 1900, the church building was "burned to the ground".
Present-day cathedral.
St. Joseph's was rebuilt in 1904 utilizing Romanesque Revival architecture, featuring pilasters and three bell towers.
In 1949, Communist forces under Mao Zedong emerged victorious in the Chinese Civil War. The new atheistic regime broke off all diplomatic relations with the Holy See two years later, and attempted to eliminate all forms of religion by either seizing or destroying churches and other places of worship. St. Joseph's suffered the same fate and in the 1950s, it was expropriated to the government, who then turned it into an elementary school. The communist government further tightened their control on the Catholic Church in China by establishing the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association (CPCA) in 1957. As a result, the church of St. Joseph's has been under the administration of the CPCA since that year and its parish priests are not recognized by the Vatican.
The church was closed down altogether in 1966—the first year of the Cultural Revolution—and suffered further damage during this period of time until the end of the revolution in 1976.
Restoration.
The Chinese government under Deng Xiaoping subsequently repudiated the Cultural Revolution. At the Fourth Plenum of the Eleventh National Party Congress Central Committee in September 1979, a key document was tabled that evaluated the entire 30-year period of Communist rule. At the plenum, party Vice Chairman Ye Jianying declared the Cultural Revolution "an appalling catastrophe" and "the most severe setback to socialist cause since [1949." The Chinese government's condemnation of the Cultural Revolution culminated in the "Resolution on Certain Questions in the History of Our Party Since the Founding of the People's Republic of China", adopted by the Sixth Plenary Session of the Eleventh Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. It stated that "Comrade Mao Zedong was a great Marxist and a great proletarian revolutionary, strategist and theorist. It is true that he made gross mistakes during the "cultural revolution", but, if we judge his activities as a whole, his contributions to the Chinese revolution far outweigh his mistakes. His merits are primary and his errors secondary." Furthermore, Deng briefly allowed free speech to flourish, thus permitting open and public criticism of the government to take place. Known as the Beijing Spring, this led to a universal condemnation of the Cultural Revolution throughout the country.
The change in prevailing political views was favorable to St. Joseph's Church; the Beijing municipal government funded the church's restoration efforts. The refurbished building reopened in 1980 for Catholic services. Another significant renovation on the church was completed in September 2000 On July 16, 2007, Fr. Joseph Li Shan—the then-parish priest of St. Joseph's—was elected as the new Archbishop of Beijing by the CPCA. Although no official Vatican statement was issued, Pope Benedict XVI expressed his approval of the appointment, making Li one of the few bishops in China to have the support of both the government and the Holy See.
Architecture.
The church of St. Joseph was built in a Romanesque Revival style and is noted for its mixture of European and local Chinese features in its design. A plaque attached to the outside wall details the history of the church. Surrounding outside the church is a large square and park that is 1.2 hectares. It contains a statue of the Madonna and Child.
References.
'"Footnotes
"'Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19135306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135306" title="Hathipur Harbara">
Hathipur Harbara

Hathipur Harbara is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,130 persons living in 687 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135317" title="Inarwa, Janakpur">
Inarwa, Janakpur

Inarwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,094.

</doc>
<doc id="19135323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135323" title="Itaharwa">
Itaharwa

Itaharwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,362 persons living in 562 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135329" title="Jhatiyahi">
Jhatiyahi

Jhatiyahi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,353 persons living in 849 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135338" title="Jhojhi Kataiya">
Jhojhi Kataiya

Jhojhi Kataiya is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,169 persons living in 513 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135345" title="First (David Gates album)">
First (David Gates album)

First is the first solo album by David Gates of Bread. The musicians include: Jimmy Getzoff, Jim Gordon, Jim Horn, John Guerin, Larry Carlton, Larry Knechtel, Louie Shelton, Mike Botts and Russ Kunkel. 
Track listing.
All tracks composed by David Gates

</doc>
<doc id="19135347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135347" title="Kachuri Thera">
Kachuri Thera

Kachuri Thera is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,560 persons living in 818 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135351" title="Nagareen">
Nagareen

Nagarain is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,401 persons living in 695 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135369" title="Rampur Birta, Janakpur">
Rampur Birta, Janakpur

Rampur Burta is a Village Development Committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,006 persons residing in 721 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135370" title="Never Let Her Go">
Never Let Her Go

Never Let Her Go is the second solo album by David Gates of Bread.
Track listing.
All songs written by David Gates.

</doc>
<doc id="19135373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135373" title="Proxy Mobile IPv6">
Proxy Mobile IPv6

Proxy Mobile IPv6 (or PMIPv6, or PMIP) is a network-based mobility management protocol standardized by IETF and is specified in RFC 5213. It is a protocol for building a common and access technology independent of mobile core networks, accommodating various access technologies such as WiMAX, 3GPP, 3GPP2 and WLAN based access architectures. Proxy Mobile IPv6 is the only network-based mobility management protocol standardized by IETF.
Introduction.
Network-based mobility management enables the same functionality as Mobile IP, without any modifications to the host's TCP/IP Protocol stack. With PMIP the host can change its point-of-attachment to the Internet without changing its IP address. Contrary to Mobile IP approach, this functionality is implemented by the network, which is responsible for tracking the movements of the host and initiating the required mobility signalling on its behalf. However in case the mobility involves different network interfaces, the host needs modifications similar to Mobile IP in order to maintain the same IP address across different interfaces.
The "SaMOG" (S2a Mobility) study item in 3GPP defines the interworking between mobile packet core and a trusted WLAN access network. The interface that SaMOG defines for this interworking is 3GPP S2a PMIP and GTP interfaces.
Proxy Mobile IPv6 Specifications.
Internet Standards (IETF):
SDO Standards (3GPP, 3GPP2 & WiMAX)
Proxy Mobile IPv6: Technology Overview.
Functional Entities
The PMIPv6 architecture defines following functional entities:
Messaging Call Flows
Protocol Operation
Access Authentication
Security Considerations
Address Assignment
Proxy Mobile IPv6: Technology Applications.
Selective IP Traffic Offload (SIPTO) Support with Proxy Mobile IPv6.
Mobile Operators today are facing two fundamental challenges:
To address these scaling challenges, mobile operators are exploring new technology approaches for expanding their network coverage by integrating alternative access technologies into a common mobile core. Specifically, Wireless LAN networks based on IEEE 802.11 standards is showing lot of promise.
Secondly, for addressing the issue with the massive growth in mobile data traffic, mobile operators are exploring new ways to offload some of the IP traffic flows at the nearest WLAN access edge where ever there is an internet peering point, as supposed to carrying it all the way to the mobility anchor in the home network. Not all IP traffic needs to be routed back to the home network; some of the non-essential traffic which does not require IP mobility support can be offloaded at the access edge gateway. This approach provides greater leverage and efficient usage of the mobile packet core with increased overall network capacity and by lowering transport costs. Approaches such as, Selective IP Traffic Offload Option can be provide the basic offload semantics.
How to Implement Proxy Mobile IPv6.
Mobile Access Gateway.
'"

</doc>
<doc id="19135387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135387" title="N. Snellenburg &amp; Company">
N. Snellenburg &amp; Company

N. Snellenburg & Company, commonly known as Snellenburg's, was a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania based middle class department store and wholesale clothing manufacturer, established in 1869. The company became the largest clothing manufacturer in the world and at one time employed 3,000. The company sold directly from the workroom to the wearer, allowing clothing to be sold for lower prices. Its slogan was "The Thrifty Store for Thrifty People." In about 1952, the company was acquired by Bankers Securities Corporation, owned by Albert M. Greenfield, but remained family run until its closure in 1962. Suburban locations were then acquired by Lit Brothers.
Flagship Store and Factory.
The company moved from its South Street location, where it was founded in 1869 by Joseph Snellenburg, to fashionable 12th and Market Streets in 1889. The store was at a location known as the "Girard Estate." At that time, the company directors were Nathan Snellenburg, Samuel Snellenburg, Simon L. Bloch, and Joseph J. Snellenburg. The Snellenburg's Clothing Factory, 642 N. Broad St., in Philadelphia, built in 1905, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The N. Snellenburg Company Department Store Warehouse, 1825-1851 N. 10th St., in Philadelphia, was built in 1914, and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. In 1965, the men's store annex at 34 South 11th Street, became the first location of Community College of Philadelphia. It still stands and is used by the Family Court of Philadelphia. The six story flagship store at 12th and Market was subsequently cut down to the present two story building and redeveloped as part of the Reading Terminal project.
Wilmington Store.
In 1895, the company opened a branch location at the corner of Seventh and Market Streets in Wilmington, Delaware. The store manager was David Snellenburg.
Into the Suburbs.
In October 1953, Snellenburg's opened a suburban store in the Snellenburg Shopping Center, in Willow Grove, Pennsylvania. Another store operated at 24th and Oregon Ave., Philadelphia, and one at Broomall, Pennsylvania at Lawrence Park & Sproul. On October 29, 1960, presidential candidate John F. Kennedy gave remarks from both these locations. A store also operated in downtown Atlantic City, New Jersey at Atlantic & Carolina. When Snellenburg's closed its downtown Philadelphia store in 1962, the suburban locations were sold to Lit Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="19135424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135424" title="Seneca Caverns (Ohio)">
Seneca Caverns (Ohio)

Seneca Caverns is a show cave located in northeastern Seneca County, Ohio, USA, just outside of Flat Rock. The cave is designated as a Registered Natural Landmark by the Ohio Department of Natural Resources.
History.
The cave was discovered in June 1872 by two boys named Peter Rutan and Henry Homer while they were hunting rabbits with their dog. The dog chased a rabbit into a brush pile, where they then disappeared. While searching through the brush pile, the two boys found an opening, fell through it, and landed in the first level of the cave, where they found their dog. The boys returned home and told everyone about their discovery. The cave became known as Good's Cave, named for Emmanuel Good, the owner of the farm on which the cave was located.
In 1931, Don Bell, a lawyer from Bellevue, discovered a series of passageways and rooms in the cave which led to an underground river, called Ole' Mist'ry River, which is part of the vast groundwater system that underlies the surrounding region. After two and a half years of improvement effort, the cave was renamed Seneca Caverns and opened to the public on May 14, 1933.
Levels.
There are 7 levels that are open to the public 
There are lower levels that have only been explored during severe droughts 

</doc>
<doc id="19135433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135433" title="Jan Kochanowski University">
Jan Kochanowski University

The Jan Kochanowski University in Kielce () formerly the Świętokrzyska Academy ("Akademia Świętokrzyska"), The Jan Kochanowski University of Humanities and Sciences ("Uniwersytet Humanistyczno-Przyrodniczy Jana Kochanowskiego w Kielcach") is a public university in Kielce, Poland, dating its tradition to an educational institution (specializing in pedagogy) established in 1945.
External links.
As from October 1, 2011, the University's name is The Jan Kochanowski University (cf. the Polish version).

</doc>
<doc id="19135444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135444" title="Bazaleti Summer School of Economics">
Bazaleti Summer School of Economics

The Bazaleti Summer School of Economics is organized by the Free University of Tbilisi, the capital of the country of Georgia. This week-long program, held in August, focuses on the latest research on property rights, business regulation, international trade, and law and economics. 
The general sponsor of the Bazaleti Summer School is the Knowledge Fund, a non-profit organization supporting education and science. The Bazaleti Summer School is implemented with the support from Eurasia Partnership Foundation, Agritechnics and organized in cooperation with Institute of Economic Studies - Europe (France) and the New Economic School-Georgia.
Students.
A total of 50 young individuals from Georgia, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Ukraine and Belgium participated in the 2008 school. Among the students were employees of the Ministries of Finance and Agriculture of Georgia, the Ministries of Economic Development of Georgia and Azerbaijan, the State Chancellery of Georgia, the Office of the Prime Minister of Georgia, and students from different universities: TSU, GAU, IBSU, ISET, and Sabanci University (Turkey).
Faculty.
In 2008, faculty included Simeon Djankov, Caroline Freund of the World Bank, Pierre Garello of the Institute for Economic Studies, and Robert Lawson of Auburn University.
Venue.
The Bazaleti resort is located on Lake Bazaleti, 40 minutes' driving distance from Tbilisi. The area around the lake housed a flourishing medieval town and is surrounded by many legends. In 1626, the Battle of Bazaleti between the two rival Georgian factions took place there.
The battle was a culmination of the power struggle that evolved after the Georgian nobles rallied behind Teimuraz and Saakadze and recovered much of eastern Georgian kingdoms of Kartli and Kakheti from the Iranian occupation. Shah Abbas I of Iran used the rivalry between Teimuraz and Saakadze to divide the Georgians into two opposing parties and to punish Saakadze who had formerly fought under the Iranian ranks. In a pitched battle, Saakadze’s backup man, Davit’ Gogrishvili, was killed and his demoralized forces were routed by the royal army. Saakadze fled to the Ottoman Empire where he was assassinated in 1629 after serving a brief but successful military career under Sultan Ibrahim I.
Nearby David Gareja Georgian Orthodox monastery is located on the half-desert slopes of Mount Gareja. The monastery includes hundreds of cells, churches, chapels, refectories and living quarters hollowed out of the rock face. The monastery was founded in the 6th century by David (St. David Garejeli). His disciples, Dodo and Luciane expanded the original lavra and founded two other monasteries known as Dodo's Rka (literally, "the horn of Dodo") and Natlismtsemeli ("the Baptist"). The monastery saw further development under the guidance of the 9th-century Georgian saint Ilarion. The convent was particularly patronized by the Georgian royal and noble families. The 12th-century Georgian king Demetre I, the author of the famous Georgian hymn Thou Art a Vineyard, even chose David Gareja as a place of his confinement after he abdicated the throne.

</doc>
<doc id="19135450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135450" title="Goodbye Girl (David Gates album)">
Goodbye Girl (David Gates album)

Goodbye Girl is the third solo album by David Gates of Bread. The song "Goodbye Girl" was also used in the movie of the same name.
Only tracks 1-4, 6 and 7 are new material; the remainder are reissued from previous albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19135453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135453" title="Kielce University">
Kielce University

Kielce University can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19135459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135459" title="Ruisbroek">
Ruisbroek

Ruisbroek is a village in the municipality of Sint-Pieters-Leeuw, in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant. Previously a separate municipality, it became a "deelgemeente" of Sint-Pieters-Leeuw in 1977. Due to its proximity to the Brussels Capital Region, the Brussels-Charleroi Canal, the Zenne river, the railway Brussels—Mons—Quévy and the Brussels outer ring (R0), the ward is heavily urbanised.
Ruisbroek has a railway station along the line Leuven—Braine-le-Comte. It is only 6 minutes to the Brussels south station. It is home to a large community of French-speakers. Ruisbroek has become popular with young families who wish to stay close to Brussels, but due to the house pricing have opted to move a little further from the city. The path along the canal offers a peaceful place for walking or cycling. 

</doc>
<doc id="19135463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135463" title="Kajara Ramaul">
Kajara Ramaul

Kajara Ramaul is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 4,029 persons living in 702 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135466" title="Kanakpatti">
Kanakpatti

Kanakpatti is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,119 persons living in 680 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135471" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Cuernavaca">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Cuernavaca

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Cuernavaca Campus (in Spanish: "Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Cuernavaca") commonly shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Cuernavaca or ITESM Campus Cuernavaca, is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system in Xochitepec, some 13 km (8.1 mi) to the south of Cuernavaca, Morelos.
Student Activities.
Student Council, Cuernavaca Campus.
The Student council is the highest representative organ with in the student body. It has the objective of lump together and coordinate the student groups; as well as make stronger academic and co-curricular activities. 
The Student Council is form by an executive council guided by the General President:

</doc>
<doc id="19135478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135478" title="Khajuri Chanha">
Khajuri Chanha

Khajuri Chanha is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,215 persons living in 965 individual households.
Transport.
Khajuri Chanha is served by Khajuri railway station of Nepal Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="19135484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135484" title="James Dickson">
James Dickson

James Dickson or Jim Dickson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19135492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135492" title="Lohana Bahbangama">
Lohana Bahbangama

Lohana Bahbangama is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,772 persons living in 824 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135497" title="Ruthless Rap Assassins">
Ruthless Rap Assassins

The Ruthless Rap Assassins were a British hip hop group from Hulme, Manchester, England. The group was formed by MC Kermit La Freak (later simply Kermit - real name Paul Leveridge) and brothers Dangerous Hinds (real name Anderson Hinds) and Dangerous C (real name Carson Hinds).
History.
Kermit grew up in Moss Side, Manchester - where he learnt to play violin at the age of 6 - and was briefly a DJ under the name of 'DJ la Freak', whilst doing a psychology degree at Manchester Polytechnic. He joined the breakdance crew Broken Glass, who moved into making records with "Style of the Street" following a meeting with Manchester DJ and producer Greg Wilson. The song was recorded for the "Street Sounds Electro UK" (Street Sounds, 1984) album, but the label owner Morgan Khan was impressed with their work and persuaded them to record more tunes for the album. In order to give the impression of a thriving British hip hop scene, the songs were recorded under a variety of aliases: in truth, of the seven tracks on the album, only one was not recorded by Broken Glass.
Kermit met the Hinds brothers - at the time calling themselves the Dangerous 2 - and together they decided to form the Assassins, with Greg Wilson staying with them as a producer. Their first release was the single "We Don't Kare" (Murdertone, 1987), which had as a B-side a song by Kiss AMC - an all-female Manchester rap group that featured Christine "Kiss" Leveridge, Kermit's sister. They followed this with two singles entirely of their own, "The Meltdown Session" (Murdertone, 1988) and "The Drone Session EP" (Murdertone, 1989) - in between which, Dangerous C performed a rap for a B-side remix of Kym Mazelle's "Useless (I Don't Need You Now)" (Syncopate, 1988).
Following this, the group released "Killer Album" (Murdertone/EMI, 1990). The album was a mixture of social commentary ("Justice (Just Us)") and more comical tunes ("Jealous MC" or a high-octane cover of The Coaster's "Yakety Yak"). It yielded two minor hit singles in "Just Mellow" and "And It Wasn't A Dream" (a duet with Tracey Carmen). The album received critical praise - UK hip hop magazine "Hip Hop Connection" (February 1991, No. 25) called it "the best rap album the UK had ever produced" - and even managed to get the single "And It Wasn't A Dream" (Murdertone/EMI, 1990) terrestrial television airplay. But despite making an impact within the scene, and getting crucial support from John Peel at BBC Radio 1 the album failed to translate this into sales. This album was reissued with extra tracks by Original Dope/Cherry Red in October 2010.
Trying again, the group went back to the studio to record their second album "Th!nk, It Ain't Illegal Yet", introducing live percussion from Jed Lynch to their usual mix of social commentary ("No Tale, No Twist" told the story of life growing up in Manchester's urban slums, whilst "Down and Dirty" was a sex rhyme featuring "guest vocals" from Jealous MC). Again, the album was liked by the critics and the industry - BBC Television had Dangerous C on an edition of "Blue Peter" to demonstrate the techniques of sampling and plug the album - but again, this good reception was not reflected in sales. The group split up shortly afterwards.
Soon after the Assassins' split, Kermit and Jed joined Shaun Ryder to form the group Black Grape and earned pop success with them, before leaving the band after suffering from septicemia and being replaced by Psycho. Since then, Kermit has released records as Manmade and made guest appearances on other artists' songs, such as Bentley Rhythm Ace. His more recent project was Big Dog with Jed and Danny Saber from Black Grape. Anderson Hinds left the music industry and worked as a teacher - although in a 2000 interview Kermit mentioned that the two of them were considering making more tunes together. Jed Lynch became a session musician.

</doc>
<doc id="19135506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135506" title="IP Connectivity Access Network">
IP Connectivity Access Network

IP-CAN (or IP Connectivity Access Network) is an access network that provides Internet Protocol (IP) connectivity. The term is usually used in cellular context and usually refers to 3GPP access networks such as GPRS or EDGE, but can be also used to describe wireless LAN (WLAN) or DSL networks. It was introduced in 3GPP IP Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) standards as a generic term referring to any kind of IP-based access network as IMS put much emphasis on access and service network separation.

</doc>
<doc id="19135510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135510" title="Anthophobia">
Anthophobia

Anthophobia is an abnormal and persistent fear of flowers (from Greek roots "anthos", flower, + "phobos", fear).
Though sufferers generally understand that they face no threat from flowers, they invariably experience anxiety at the sight or thought. Any genus or species of flowers can instill fear, as can any flower part, such as a petal or stem.

</doc>
<doc id="19135516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135516" title="Machijhitakaiya">
Machijhitakaiya

Machijhitakaiya is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,318 persons living in 1440 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135518" title="Unirea River">
Unirea River

The Unirea River (Hungarian:Létom-pataka ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19135525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135525" title="Khariyani">
Khariyani

Khariyani is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,312 persons living in 1361 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135529" title="Falling in Love Again (album)">
Falling in Love Again (album)

Falling in Love Again is the fourth solo album by David Gates of Bread.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by David Gates

</doc>
<doc id="19135533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135533" title="Nicoamen Plateau">
Nicoamen Plateau

The Nicoamen Plateau is a small sub-plateau of the Thompson Plateau in the southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located between the Nicoamen River (W) and the lower valley of the Nicola River (E).

</doc>
<doc id="19135535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135535" title="Kurtha">
Kurtha

Kurtha is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,421 persons living in 980 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135543" title="Self-ligating braces">
Self-ligating braces

Self-ligating braces are defined as "a brace, which utilizes a permanently installed, moveable component to entrap the archwire". Self-ligating braces may be classified into two categories: Passive and Active.Jeryl D. English, Timo Peltomäki, Kate Pahm-Litschel (Editors) "Mosley's Orthodontic Review" P. Emile Rossouw - St. Louis: Elsewhere Mosey p. 87</ref>
Types of self-ligating braces include:
These braces were typically made from stainless steel but, in some cases, are available in ceramic or polycarbonate.
Similarities and differences from conventional braces.
One of the most significant differences from conventional dental braces is the absence of elastic ligature (bands or ties). Self-ligating braces typically are smaller and more aesthetic since a metal door is required to hold wires in place (this prevents "invisible" or clear options of these braces, with the exception of 3M Unitek who have devised a hybrid bracket called the "Smartclip"). They also tend to stand off the teeth further toward the lips and cheeks. The ties on this type of brace are used to hold the archwire in place. The self-ligating braces uses a slide mechanism to hold the archwire, thus reducing the amount of pressure exerted on the teeth. However, there are many similarities to typical braces, such as the fitting on such appliances; self-ligating braces are glued onto the teeth and are not removable until treatment is complete. Regular cleaning is also essential for effective treatment and desirable results. The consumption of too much sugar (in food, and especially drinks) and poor dental hygiene can result in demineralisation which can lead to permanent damage, dental caries (decay).
The SPEED System.
The SPEED Appliance is a miniaturized self-ligating appliance which offers overlapping benefits to both patients and clinicians. Patients enjoy the benefits of improved hygiene, aesthetics and comfort while clinicians benefit from time savings in self-ligation and precision in tooth movement due to the action of SPEED’s Super Elastic Spring Clip.

</doc>
<doc id="19135544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135544" title="Labatoli">
Labatoli

Labatoli is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,499 persons living in 678 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135548" title="Joseph Dickson (disambiguation)">
Joseph Dickson (disambiguation)

Joseph Dickson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19135553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135553" title="Take Me Now">
Take Me Now

Take Me Now is the fifth solo album by David Gates of Bread. It was his final album until 1994.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by David Gates

</doc>
<doc id="19135565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135565" title="Lagmamdha Guthi">
Lagmamdha Guthi

Lagmamdha Guthi, often shortened to 'Lagma', is a Village Development Committee (VDC) in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 3,726 people living in 663 individual households.
Neighborhoods.
Lagma has two prominent neighborhoods commonly called Lagma East and Lagma West; the latter being divided from the former by its larger Islamic population. The major livelihoods for residents of Lagma are Fishing and Livestock; mainly the keeping of cattle animals, goats and duck.
Water.
Nagrain is the marketplace for most of Lagma dwellers and the surrounding VDC. Initially, Lagma depended on ponds for water. However, due to the increased supply of narrow tube wells with manual pumps, locally known as "kael". The quality of the water is somewhat improved compared to ponds. Initially, individuals collected water from the same pond for both household and drinking use, while those who do the laundry let the water drain back into the same pond. This resulted in widespread water borne diseases and children's health suffered badly. With no alternative, people continued to drink from the same dirty pond. Ponds are privately owned by so-called "Zamindars", who have financial stakes in them. 

</doc>
<doc id="19135567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135567" title="Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Friedrich of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (23 October 1814, Schleswig, Duchy of Schleswig; – 27 November 1885, Luisenlund, Schleswig-Holstein, Prussia) was the third Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg. Friedrich was the second-eldest son of Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and Princess Louise Caroline of Hesse-Kassel and an elder brother of Christian IX of Denmark. Friedrich inherited the title of Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg upon his childless brother Karl's death on 14 October 1878.
Marriage and issue.
Friedrich married Princess Adelheid of Schaumburg-Lippe, second-eldest daughter of George William, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe and his wife Princess Ida of Waldeck and Pyrmont, on 16 October 1841 in Bückeburg, Schaumburg-Lippe. Friedrich and Adelheid had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="19135570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135570" title="1080 usage in New Zealand">
1080 usage in New Zealand

The use of 1080, a pesticide using sodium fluoroacetate, is a contentious issue in New Zealand, with the majority of the debate occurring between conservationists and hunters.
Although the use of 1080 in New Zealand was deemed "effective and safe" by the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment in a 2011 re-evaluation and is widely considered to be the most effective tool currently available for controlling possums over large areas, it remains a contentious issue, with the majority of the debate occurring between conservationists and livestock farmers on one side and hunters and animal rights activists on the other. Concerns are also raised about security of potable water supplies in areas where 1080 is applied.
New Zealand is the largest user of biodegradable 1080 poison, using about 80% of the world's supply. Biodegradable 1080 poison is the only toxin currently registered for use on mainland New Zealand as suitable for aerial targeting of the common brushtail possum - a major conservation and agricultural pest. It has been used as such since the late 1950s. Sodium fluoroacetate is imported in a raw form from the United States.
How and why 1080 is used.
The largest users of 1080 in New Zealand are the Animal Health Board and the Department of Conservation (DOC). It is also used on a smaller scale for pest control by Regional Councils and private landowners. The first trials were carried out in New Zealand in 1954, and by 1957 its use had become widespread. 1080 baits are used through ground-based and aerial application. 1080 is considered to be suitable for use as a mammalian pest control in New Zealand because the country has only two native land mammals (bats).
It should also be noted that 1080 is commonly used in Western Australia to kill feral carnivores, as the compound is naturally occurring in Western Australian flora and the native herbivores and their native predators are immune.
Controlling conservation pests.
New Zealand's flora and fauna evolved for 80 million years with moa being the primary browsing animals and no predatory mammals. Consequently, the native birds, insects, and flora have developed no natural defence mechanisms against introduced animals such as possums, rats, mustelids and feral cats. These exotic species have become ecological pests, and their presence has had a disastrous effect on the populations of many endemic species, including the national symbol, the kiwi bird. Populations of the lizard tuatara have also been severely impacted.
An estimated 30 million possums inhabit New Zealand, and they are found in 98% of vegetated areas on mainland New Zealand.
When correctly applied, 1080 is very effective at controlling conservation pests. One aerial application can kill 98% of possums and more than 90% of rats in the targeted area. These successful knock-down rates provide vulnerable native birds with a crucial breeding window to raise chicks through to fledging, increasing their survival rate. The DOC uses aerially applied 1080 poison across about 980,000,000 ha of conservation land each year. This equates to 8% of the total conservation estate.
Controlling agricultural pests.
In New Zealand, the common brushtail possum was the main vector for the spread of bovine tuberculosis - a highly contagious disease affecting farmed cattle and deer. The disease was endemic in possums across about 38% of New Zealand (known as ‘vector risk areas’) but industry sources acknowledge the incidence of Bovine Tuberculosis has now fallen to less than 0.05% in the areas where it is monitored. 
The organisation responsible for managing bovine TB in New Zealand - the Animal Health Board - uses 1080 poison as one of a range of pest control toxins to kill possums and control the spread of disease to both livestock and unaffected areas of the country. Aerial application of 1080 poison is only used in places where ground control methods are impractical or unable to knock possum numbers down to a low enough level to break the disease cycle. In 2011, this was less than 10% of the total area receiving possum control.
Both aerial and ground-based application of 1080 poison is also used to control rabbits - an introduced grazing pest. By 1960, it had become the main poison used in rabbit control. The combination of aerial spreading and the use of carrots poisoned with 1080 enabled rabbit boards (which were responsible for rabbit destruction work) to reduce rabbit numbers in most areas by the early 1960s.
Debate.
The use of 1080 poison in New Zealand has been the topic of a long-established and complex debate. In general, the majority of conservationists and livestock farmers support the continued use of 1080 for pest control, while the hunting community, animal rights groups and antifluoride campaigners support a ban, but there are exceptions on both sides.
Organised opposition is usually small-scale and localised to areas where aerial 1080 operations are carried out. Protest is generally peaceful, but there have been occasions where opponents have resorted to violence or sabotage.
In August 2007, the Environmental Risk Management Authority released its latest review of 1080 use. The review gave new guidelines for the use of the pesticide in New Zealand, and concluded the beneficial effects of pest eradication outweigh the risks. 1080 decomposes in warm water into harmless compounds, resulting in low persistence in a lab environment, but in the natural New Zealand environment, its decomposition rates and persistence are unknown.
In June 2011, the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment (PCE) released a report in favour of 1080 to control possums, rats, and stoats, especially in large and remote areas. It is seen as an effective poison for aerial spreading. The PCE came to a number of conclusions, including not having a moratorium on 1080 use, and setting up a Game Animal Council. In June 2011, New Zealand's four largest daily newspapers all ran editorial pieces questioning the need for continued debate in light of the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment's report.
Support for the use of 1080 is mixed amongst the political parties currently in government.
In 2004, anti-1080 activist Phillip Anderton posed for the New Zealand media with a kiwi he claimed had been poisoned. An investigation revealed that Anderton lied to journalists and the public. He had used a kiwi that had been caught in a possum trap.
Support.
The following agencies, organisations, and political parties support the use of 1080 in New Zealand:
Opposition.
These organisations and political parties oppose the use of 1080 in New Zealand:
Neutral stance.
These organisations and political parties have a neutral stance on the use of 1080 poison in New Zealand:
Alternatives.
Biodegradable 1080 poison is the only toxin currently registered for use on mainland New Zealand as suitable for aerial targeting of possums. While many research teams are actively seeking new and supplemental approaches to current technologies, no method has yet gained widespread acceptance as a viable alternative to 1080.
Research.
New Zealand currently spends at least $8 million annually on improving existing pest control technology and developing new methods.
According to the EPA's Annual Report on the Aerial Use of 1080, as of October 2011 there are currently over 50 research projects underway industry-wide to find improvements in the use of 1080, alternatives to 1080 and other related topics.
Comparing pest control methods.
In the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment's June 2011 re-evaluation of 1080, these questions were used for assessing the effectiveness and safety of 1080, as well as current and prospective alternatives
1. Can the method decrease populations of possums, rats and stoats?
2. Can the method increase populations of native species?
3. Can the method rapidly knock down irrupting populations of pests?
4. Can the method be used on a large scale in remote areas?
5: Is the method sufficiently cost-effective?
6. Does the method leave residues in the environment?
7. Can by-kill from the method be minimised?
8. Does the method endanger people?
9. Does the method kill humanely?
The Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment's conclusion with regards to 1080 was, "It is not perfect, but given how controversial it remains, I for one expected that it would not be as effective and safe as it is".
The Parliamentary Commissioner reached the following conclusions regarding the possible alternatives to 1080 poison currently available in New Zealand.
Pindone, diphacinone, and coumatetralyl.
Pindone, diphacinone, and coumatetralyl are the first-generation anticoagulants most commonly used for pest control. They are generally very effective at controlling rats to keep their numbers low, but cannot effectively deal with sudden population surges. Anticoagulants break down very slowly in water and soil. They also accumulate in the liver tissue of live animals that have been exposed to the poison (either by eating bait or feeding on an animal that has eaten bait) and in carcasses. They are also the most inhumane of the poisons currently used. By-kill of native species is a significant risk from the use of first-generation anticoagulants. Different types of anticoagulants need to be rotated to avoid populations becoming bait-shy or building up resistance.
Brodifacoum.
Brodifacoum is a second-generation anticoagulant. It is licensed for killing possums and rats. Like 1080, it will kill stoats that feed on poisoned animals. It has been successfully used in aerial operations to completely eradicate possums, rats, and stoats on several offshore islands and fenced ‘mainland islands’ that are now sanctuaries for endangered animals, but it is not currently registered in New Zealand for general aerial use on the mainland. Brodifacoum takes a very long time to break down in soil and water and accumulates in the tissue of exposed animals for years. Consequently, there is a very high risk of by-kill – it is known to have killed at least 21 species of native birds, including kiwi, kākā, kākāriki and tūī. It is also widely considered a very inhumane toxin.
Cyanide.
Cyanide has been used in New Zealand since the 1940s, and is licensed for killing possums and wallabies. It is a highly lethal, broad-spectrum poison that depletes cells of energy, quickly resulting in respiratory arrest and death. Ground-laid cyanide has killed native species and other animals in the past (including kiwi, kea, weka, and bats) and it takes only a tiny amount of cyanide to kill a human. While there are antidotes to cyanide poisoning, their effectiveness is controversial and the rapid action of the poison limits the time in which they can be used. Its effectiveness varies because of bait shyness.
Cholecalciferol.
Cholecalciferol naturally occurs as vitamin D3 in many foods, including fish. It was developed as a poison to control rats and mice in the 1980s. It works by leaching calcium from the bones of the poisoned animal into its bloodstream, leading to organ failure. Cholecalciferol will reduce populations of possums and rats, but not stoats, since it does not bioaccumulate in animals. It breaks down readily in the environment and the risk of by-kill is considered to be low. Cholecalciferol is more expensive to produce than 1080. Some promising results have been obtained by combining cholecalciferol with other substances, such as aspirin, to make it more cost-effective and faster acting. Cholecalciferol is very inhumane.
Para-aminopropiophenone.
Para-aminopropiophenone (PAPP) was developed to control stoats, weasels, and feral cats, and registered for use in New Zealand in 2011. It kills by preventing red blood cells from carrying oxygen. PAPP kills stoats directly, but not possums and rats. It is approved for use in paste form or in fresh minced meat, so will only provide effective stoat control as part of intensive ground control. The risk of by-kill is likely to be low since it does not leave residues in the environment.
Zinc phosphide.
Zinc phosphide (microencapsulated zinc phosphide paste) has been widely used overseas for decades, predominantly to control rats and mice on agricultural land. It causes death by heart or respiratory failure. In August 2011, the New Zealand Environmental Protection Authority approved the import and manufacture of microencapsulated zinc phosphide (MZP paste) as an alternative to 1080 for the ground control of possums. The application was made by Pest Tech Limited, with support from Connovation Ltd, Lincoln University, and the Animal Health Board. It will be used as an additional vertebrate poison in certain situations. Unlike 1080, it cannot be used for aerial application.
Sodium nitrite.
Sodium nitrite is a naturally occurring substance commonly used as a meat preservative, but toxic at higher doses. It kills in a similar way as PAPP, by reducing the ability of red blood cells to carry oxygen (methemoglobinemia). Sodium nitrite is expected to be registered for use in for killing possums, but not rats. It will not control stoats because it will not knock down rat populations or bioaccumulate in poisoned animals. It does not leave residues in the environment and the risk of by-kill is expected to be low. It is much more humane than 1080.
Trapping.
Ground operations of which trapping is an important component have been shown to help populations of native birds. Possums, rats, and stoats can all be killed with traps. However, an intensive ground operation will typically involve trapping possums and stoats, but poisoning rats because there are so many more of them. In a mass event, populations of rodents rapidly increase as much as ten-fold, and traps simply cannot be deployed rapidly enough or in sufficient numbers to knock them down.
Some terrain is too rugged or dangerous for trapping, and trapping is not practical on a large scale. In one day, a single trapper can check traps on tens of hectares, whereas an aerial 1080 drop can cover tens of thousands of hectares. Once a trap has ‘snapped’, it will not catch another animal unless it is reset. Traps need to be checked and reset regularly, which makes them labour-intensive. Self-resetting traps, such as the Goodnature trap, are being developed and trialled, and could in the future significantly reduce labour costs and increase the cost-effectiveness of ground control operations.
Twenty three species of native birds have been reported as having been killed by leg-hold traps, and many kiwi have suffered leg or beak damage. These traps are now required to be set up off the ground on conservation land where kiwi or weka live, and this has reduced by-kill from these traps to very low levels. Trapping can be a safe and effective method to control possums and stoats in forest edges, along rivers, and in intensively managed patches of forest, but it can only ever play a supplementary role on the great majority of the conservation estate.
Biological control.
Biological control has been likened to the 'Holy Grail' of pest control by a number of sources, and was a major focus for research funding during the 1990s and 2000s in both New Zealand and Australia. Most of the methods proposed involved some form of genetic engineering, and if developed further would attract a great deal of public opposition. No biological control method has therefore yet gained widespread acceptance as a viable alternative to 1080.

</doc>
<doc id="19135575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135575" title="Lakhouri">
Lakhouri

Lakhouri is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,882 persons living in 505 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135585" title="Lakkad">
Lakkad

Lakkad is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,510 persons living in 639 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135597" title="Laxminibas">
Laxminibas

Laxminibas is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,656 persons living in 459 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135606" title="Rafał Jaworski">
Rafał Jaworski

Rafał Jaworski (b. 1973) is a Polish historian and archivist, affiliated with Jan Kochanowski University's branch in Piotrków Trybunalski.He is one of the editors and author of many articles in the popular Polish historical magazine, "Mówią Wieki"[http://www.tvp.pl/tvp2/strona.html?dzial_name=podstrony.9052&news_name=patronaty.medialne.573270[http://www.rp.pl/artykul/123883.html]. He studied in the Warsaw University and specializes in the medieval history of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19135614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135614" title="Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 10000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-1 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The K-1 event is raced by single-man canoe sprint kayaks.
Final.
The final took place on August 11.

</doc>
<doc id="19135618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135618" title="Joe Jones (Fluxus musician)">
Joe Jones (Fluxus musician)

Formation.
Joe Jones grew up in Greenpoint, Brooklyn and received a classical musical education at Hartnett Music School in New York City. In the late 1950s he began a short career as a jazz drummer. In 1960 Jones began to study avant-garde experimental composition first briefly with John Cage and then Earle Brown. Through these associations he formed an artistic alliance with Dick Higgins, Alison Knowles and La Monte Young.
Fluxus.
Jones first started experimenting with mechanical instruments in 1962, creating objects like musical boats, solar music umbrellas and a pedaled vehicle that pulled handmade instruments on wheels called "The Longest Pull Toy in the World". The following year his works were exhibited at the Betty Parsons Gallery in New York City.
Beginning in 1963 Jones participated in the Fluxus art movement, taking part in a number of Fluxus performance art activities with his automaton-like music machines - made from found ready-made instruments. In 1963 he performed his machinic noise music at the Yam festival in New Brunswick and a year later he performed again at the Avantgarde music festival in New York City. He created many machine drum exhibitions and art actions in New York City and Nice, France during this period. 
In 1969 he opened his own "Music-Store" at 18 N. Moore Street in New York City. There he presented his repetitive drone music machines in the window so that anyone could press the numerous door buttons to play the machine noise music in the window. He also gave small musical installation performances by himself and musicians such as Yoko Ono and John Lennon, among others. After moving out of 18 N. Moore his store-loft space became the art studio of Fluxus archivist and digital artist Joseph Nechvatal, then the once Theatre of Eternal Music member Jon Hassell and finally video artist Bill Viola before being merged into Walkers Restaurant.
In 1971 Jones produced the album Fly together with John Lennon and Yoko Ono and founded the 'Fluxus-Airline' with George Maciunas. Jones made automated instruments for Yoko Ono's recordings "Don't Count The Waves, You" and "Airmale" that appear on her Onobox. Soon after Jones left New York for Europe; living in Amsterdam, Asolo, Berlin, Düsseldorf and finally Wiesbaden and continued to exhibit worldwide in galleries and museums.
Since the mid-eighties Jones produced short digital art films on computer that he called "Fluxus-Home-Movies". He also devised larger orchestra-like installations with his music machines called "solar orchestras" that would be performed from when the sun comes up to the sun goes down by solar power.
In 1988 his works could be seen at the Museum Ludwig in Cologne and in 1992-93 there was a big touring exhibition with stops in Helsinki, Nuremberg, Rotterdam and Wuppertal.

</doc>
<doc id="19135625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135625" title="Robert A. Williams, Jr.">
Robert A. Williams, Jr.

Robert A. Williams, Jr., is an American lawyer who is a notable author and legal scholar in the field of Federal Indian Law, International Law and Indigenous Peoples Rights, and Critical Race and Post Colonial Theory. Williams teaches at the University of Arizona's James E. Rogers College of the Law, serving as the E. Thomas Sullivan Professor of Law and American Indian Studies and Director of the Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program. He is also the project leader for ArizonaNativeNet, a virtual university devoted to the higher educational needs of Native Nations.
Family.
Williams is the son of Robert Anthony Williams Senior and Sallie Williams. He has a sister named Karen Amanda Cooper(Williams) He has a wife and two kids, Sam and Marley. His sister has four kids; Ben, Zac, Andrew and Kevin Cooper.
Early life and education.
Williams is an enrolled member of the Lumbee Indian Tribe of North Carolina. He earned his B.A. from Loyola College in Maryland in 1977 and his J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1980.
Career.
Now at University of Arizona James E. Rogers College of Law, Williams has established a notable career in the fields of American Indian and International law, indigenous people's rights, and critical race and colonial theory. He has published several books on these topics.
For the 2003-2004 academic year, Williams was named the first Oneida Indian Nation Visiting Professor of Law at Harvard Law School. He previously taught there as the Bennet Boskey Distinguished Visiting Lecturer of Law. 
He is project leader for ArizonaNativeNet, a virtual university founded in 2006 and devoted to the higher educational needs of Native Nations. 
Williams served as Chief Justice for the Court of Appeals, Pascua Yaqui Indian Reservation. He also served as Justice for the Court of Appeals and trial judge "pro tem" for the Tohono O'odham Nation. 
Williams has represented tribal groups before the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, and the United Nations Working Group on Indigenous Peoples. He served as co-counsel for Floyd Hicks in the United States Supreme Court case, "Nevada v. Hicks" .
Awards and honors.
Williams has received awards from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, the Soros Foundation Open Society Institute, the National Endowment for the Humanities, the American Council of Learned Societies, and the National Institute of Justice in recognition of his research and advocacy on behalf of Indian tribes and indigenous peoples. 

</doc>
<doc id="19135631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135631" title="Bone Brothers (disambiguation)">
Bone Brothers (disambiguation)

Bone Brothers and similar can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19135640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135640" title="16 Lyncis">
16 Lyncis

16 Lyncis or ψ10 Aurigae is a variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="19135644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135644" title="Little Masters">
Little Masters

The Little Masters ("Kleinmeister" in German), were a group of German printmakers who worked in the first half of the 16th century, primarily in engraving. They specialized in very small finely detailed prints, some no larger than a postage stamp. The leading members were Hans Sebald Beham, his brother Barthel, and George Pencz, all from Nuremberg, and Heinrich Aldegrever and Albrecht Altdorfer. Many of the Little Masters' subjects were mythological or Old Testament stories, often treated erotically, or genre scenes of peasant life. The size and subject matter of the prints shows that they were designed for a market of collectors who would keep them in albums, of which a number have survived. 
__NOTOC__
The earliest artist to make very small intricate engravings was Altdorfer in 1506–7, probably following the example of Italian niello prints, although their size was in fact no smaller than the bottom end of the very cheap devotional woodcuts made throughout the 15th century. However Altdorfer's printmaking developed in different directions, though he continued to produce some small engravings until the 1520s, by which time the style had been taken up by the Nuremberg artists, the Beham brothers and their close friend Pencz. Hans Sebald Beham and Pencz continued to produce engravings until shortly before their deaths in 1550, which effectively ended the style; Barthel Beham had died in 1540. Barthel is generally considered the most inventive of the Nuremberg trio, but his brother Sebald was much more productive, with perhaps the finest technique, and also copied some of Barthel's prints after his death. Aldegrever was a convinced Lutheran who developed Anabaptist leanings, which perhaps led to him spending much of his time producing ornament prints with no human figures. 
Their engraving style was based on the work of Nuremberg master printmaker Albrecht Dürer, who was still living in the city until 1527, and in whose workshop Pencz at least may have trained, and the Italian Marcantonio Raimondi, with whom Barthel Beham is supposed to have worked in Rome. Raimondi, and the exterior fresco friezes of Polidoro di Caravaggio, influenced their choice of subjects and compositional style, to which Northern themes of death (Death appears personified in many prints, as above) and humour are added. The prints of Hans Baldung Grien contain similar treatments of sexual themes. 
Compared to their contemporaries, devotional subjects are notably absent in the work of the Nuremberg artists, who were all expelled from the city for their religious views in 1525 – an episode that still remains rather unclear. Their prints were very widely disseminated, and both drawn copies and examples of the originals have been found in albums from Mughal India, and their figurative compositions were copied in Limoges enamel and various other decorative media, from bronze plaques to stoneware pottery. In addition many of their prints were "ornament prints", consisting entirely of ornament in the Renaissance style, which as well as being collected were designed to be used as patterns for craftsmen in various media.
Minor members of the group were Jacob Binck and Hans Brosamer, and there are some prints by a "Master IB", named after his monogram, who may be either Pencz, Sebald Beham, or a separate artist. Other artists who did some work on a similar small scale, but are not usually classified as part of the "Little Masters" group, include: Virgil Solis, Matthias Zundt, Jost Amman, and Conrad Saldörfer in Germany, Hans Holbein the Younger in Switzerland and England, and Dirk Vellert (in etching) and "Master S" in the Netherlands. The etched work of the Hopfer family is often similar in size and must have appealed to a similar market, as did the rather later work of the French printmaker Etienne Delaune. 
The term "Kleinmeister" was used of the Nuremberg Little Masters as early as 1679, by Joachim von Sandrart, and has been applied to other groups of artists, from the genre masters of the Dutch Golden Age to a group of 6th-century BC Ancient Greek vase-painters.

</doc>
<doc id="19135653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135653" title="Gerascophobia">
Gerascophobia

Gerascophobia (Greek: θα γεράσω, "gerazo", "I am ageing" and φόβος, "phobos", "fear") is an abnormal or persistent fear of growing old or ageing. The term comes from the Greek γέρος "geros" (old man) and "phobos" (fear). 
Gerascophobia is a clinical phobia generally classified under specific phobias, fears of a single specific panic trigger.
Some authors also refer to it as gerontophobia, although this may also refer to the fear of the elderly.
Gerascophobia may be based on anxieties of being left alone, without resources and incapable of caring for oneself, Sufferers may be young and healthy.
Symptoms include the fear of the future and the fear of needing to rely on others to do daily functions. Many also fear they will not play an active role in society when they get older. 

</doc>
<doc id="19135656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135656" title="Perley A. Pitcher">
Perley A. Pitcher

Perley A. Pitcher (January 27, 1877 in Pamelia, Jefferson County, New York – February 20, 1939 in Albany, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Temporary President of the New York State Senate in 1939.
Life.
He was the son of John P. Pitcher and Mary Olive Delia (Root) Pitcher. He studied law in Watertown. He married Louella Northup Cox (1876–1947).
He was a member of the New York State Senate (37th D.) from 1925 until his death in 1939, sitting in the 148th, 149th, 150th, 151st, 152nd, 153rd, 154th, 155th, 156th, 157th, 158th, 159th, 160th, 161st and 162nd New York State Legislatures. He was the Republican Floor Leader at the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1938; and was elected Temporary President of the State Senate at the beginning of the session in 1939.
Less than two months into the legislative session, he died on February 20, 1939, in his hotel room in Albany, New York; and was buried at the North Watertown Cemetery in Watertown.

</doc>
<doc id="19135659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135659" title="2009 China League One">
2009 China League One

The 2009 China League One is the 6th season since the establishment. League kicked off on 28 March 2009 and is scheduled to end on 25 October 2009.
Winners and runners-up promotes to Chinese Super League next season and the last placed team was relegated to League Two. League One expands to 14 teams next season.
Zhu Zhengrong of Shanghai East Asia scored the first hat-trick of the season against Sichuan at Shanghai Stadium on 28 Aug 2009.
Leonardo of Shenyang Dongjin scored the second hat-trick of the season against Nanchang at Shenyang Olympic Stadium on 10 Oct 2009.
Martin of Nanchang Hengyuan scored the third hat-trick of the season against Nanjing at Bayi Stadium on 25 Oct 2009.
Promotion and Relegation.
After 2008 season, Jiangsu Sainty and Chongqing Lifan were promoted to Chinese Super League 2009 and Yantai Yiteng were relegated to China League Two 2009. They were replaced by Guangdong Sunray Cave and Shenyang Dongjin which promoted from League Two 2008 and Liaoning Whowin who relegated from Super League 2008.
League table.
Updated to games played on 25 Oct 2009.<br>
Source: 2009 China League One table<br>
Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd head-to-head points; 3rd head-to-head goal difference; 4th head-to-head goals scored; 5th goal difference; 6th goals scored; 7th disciplinary points.<br>
P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points;<br>
(C) = Champions; (P) = Promoted; (R) = Relegated.
Top scorers.
Updated to games played on 25 Oct 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19135661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135661" title="Laxmipur Bagewa">
Laxmipur Bagewa

Laxmipur Bagewa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,490 persons living in 950 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135683" title="Love Is Always Seventeen">
Love Is Always Seventeen

Love Is Always Seventeen is the sixth solo album by David Gates of Bread. It came after a 13 year break from recording.

</doc>
<doc id="19135690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135690" title="Nicomen Island">
Nicomen Island

Nicomen Island is an island in the Fraser River east of Mission and between Deroche (E) and Dewdney (W). Located on the river's north side, and separated from the foot of the Douglas Ranges by Nicomen Slough, the island is near-totally given over to agriculture and constitutes a rural community in its own right, although "downtown Dewdney" is located near its eastern end and the Indian Reserve of the Lakahahmen First Nation is located about mid-way along its north side.

</doc>
<doc id="19135702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135702" title="Ida Mari">
Ida Mari

Ida Mari (18 December 1890, in Fraore di Eia (Parma) – 22 May 1981 at Ponte Taro, (Parma)), was an Italian teacher and humanitarist, nominated ""Servant of God"", by the Vatican, and is remembered in Ponte Taro as ""La donna delle beatitudini"" ("the woman of blessings").
Early life.
Ida Mari Was the daughter of a railroad watchman and of a housekeeper, the last of nine children. In 1912 she moved to Ponte Taro and there attended Noceto school, where she learned the art of knitting and studied to become a school teacher. With the help of a priest, she began to consider the idea of founding a preparatory-school, as a way care for and teach the children of the poorest families.
The building of the preparatory-school.
In two small rooms, located in the oratorio annexed to the Church of Santa Teresa del Bambin Gesù, in the town of Ponte Taro, Ida Mari began to work with the first small group of children, occasionally helped by older girls of the village. She worked with great patience and dedicated her life to helping other people. Ida Mari founded the school in Ponte Taro, and also a teaching-laboratory for knitting, with the purpose for giving the young women job skills.
After a few years, around the beginning of the 1940s, thanks to the money given by several wealthy Catholic bourgeoises and industry entrepreneurs, (including the Barilla family, owners of a very pasta company), the two rooms soon expanded to a large building and became a true school, serving a hundred children.
In 1971, the Luigine Nuns arrived from their convent in Parma, in order to help the elderly teacher, who by then was too frail to continue her mission. The school, still existing, is much appreciated in the small town.
Ida Mari's tomb, is located in the Maternal School oratory. The cause of her beatification is pending.
Honors.
In 1952, after her many actions of charity, she was awarded the Italian "Premio di Bontà". The road that connects the main Church and the park in Ponte Tara was named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="19135706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135706" title="Günther Meier">
Günther Meier

Günther Meier (born July 26, 1941 in Nürnberg, Bayern, Germany) is a former German boxer who competed in the Light Middleweight (71 kg) category. He won an Olympic bronze medal in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19135715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135715" title="Birmingham Arts Lab">
Birmingham Arts Lab

The Birmingham Arts Laboratory or Arts Lab was an experimental arts centre and artist collective based in Birmingham, England from 1968 to 1982 – an "arts and performance space dedicated to radical research into art and creativity". Loosely organised and biased towards the obscure and avant-garde, it was described by "The Guardian" in 1997 as "one of the emblematic institutions of the 1960s".
The Arts Lab was originally based in a run-down youth centre run by The Birmingham Settlement on Tower Street in Newtown on the northern edge of Birmingham City Centre, and was accessible from the street only via a metal fire escape. It moved to a former brewery on Holt Street in Gosta Green in 1977, before financial problems and pressure from the arts establishment forced it to amalgamate with Aston University's arts centre to form the more conventional Triangle Arts Centre in 1982.
The Birmingham Arts Lab had a wide influence across numerous art forms. Figures involved with the Arts Lab, often early in their careers, included cartoonists Hunt Emerson, Edward Barker, Kevin O'Neill, Bryan Talbot, Steve Bell and Suzy Varty; playwrights David Edgar and David Hare; film director Mike Figgis; writer and poet Gareth Owen; comedian and performance artist John Dowie; photographer and journalist Derek Bishton; the psychedelic group Bachdenkel; novelist Jim Crace; singer Ruby Turner, film maker and photographer Pogus Caesar and composer and sonic artist Trevor Wishart.
History.
Origins.
The genesis of the Birmingham Arts Laboratory can be traced to a meeting on September 8, 1968 of five figures (Mark Williams, Fred Smith, Dave Cassidy, Tony Jones and Bob Sheldon) from the Midlands Arts Centre, who had been promoting avant garde music performances at the centre's outdoor auditorium and had been involved in Mike Leigh's experiments in improvised theatre, but had become frustrated at what they saw as the bureaucracy and obstructionism of the centre's management. The group resolved to start a breakaway venue to "provide a centre for experimenting in the Arts; be a community of creative people, self-aware and self-supporting; participate creatively in the life of the City; and present work of both its members and visiting groups and individuals"
There followed five months of fund-raising events around the city called Strange Days and featuring bands such as Fleetwood Mac, Colosseum and DJ John Peel (whose fundraising efforts saw him became the Arts Lab's first life member), during which a local charity offered the group the use of a first floor room in its Newtown Youth Centre as a venue. The Arts Lab opened in January 1969, initially only at weekends.
Terry Grimley, later arts correspondent of the "Birmingham Post", recalled "When I first found my way to the Arts Lab, it did not resemble an arts centre so much as a night club with a rather different ambience to other places in town. Nothing happened except at weekends, and not much happened then either, except that music was played, coloured lights were projected and people ate vegetables and brown rice and drank instant coffee."
Tower Street.
The Arts Lab was open full-time from April 1969. Initially occupying only a single room, it quickly established cinema and theatre programmes and in its first year held two experimental arts festivals - "Cybervironment Plus' (organised by Simon Chapman)' and "Gathering Number One' (organised by Pete Stark)'. Funding from the Arts Council from 1971 secured its future and saw it gradually expand: firstly to occupy the whole first floor (with the gymnasium becoming the main theatre and performance space), and eventually to occupy the entire building.
The Arts Lab was initially run along the lines of a club for members and guests. Although it never had a drinks licence (due to constant friction with the local licensing authorities) it had a coffee bar, beneath which was a void between the floors in which several members intermittently lived. Jim Crace later recalled that "it was no surprise to discover a badly-smelling playwright or drink-wrecked mime artist emerging between your legs from a priest hole below the floorboards".
The Arts Lab started with no formal organisation, but with Peter Stark as unofficial administrator. Stark left in 1970 and was replaced by Simon Chapman, who left in 1972 to become the Director of the Ikon Gallery and was replaced by Ted Little. Little was to be artistic director through to 1982, apart from a two year spell as head of the Institute of Contemporary Arts in London, during which he transformed it "from a club for the self-absorbed of Kensington to a roaring popular venue" and paved the way for its important role in the early years of British punk.
Holt Street.
The Arts Lab's earlier chaotic, co-operative organisation was increasingly challenged by funders from 1975 onwards, with a formal Board of Management being established in 1976. August 1977 saw the Arts Lab move completely from Tower Street to new, much larger premises in a former brewery on the campus of Aston University, with a bookshop, studios and exhibition spaces. Shortage of funds meant that not all of the planned facilities were finished, however, and the new more orderly surroundings were felt by some to have compromised the Arts Lab's uniquely liberating culture.
The first signs of problems became apparent in 1980 when two members of the music staff were made redundant and Ted Little left to pursue freelance work. The Arts Lab's programme began to focus increasingly on film to the exclusion of other media. In 1982 West Midlands Arts sponsored a move to combine the Arts Lab with Aston University's own Centre for the Arts as a venue focussing primarily on cinema and photography, and in 1983 the Arts Lab's premises reopened as a new Arts Centre called the Triangle Media and Arts Centre. Funding for this was removed in 1987, however, and the cinema finally closed in 1994.
Activities and influence.
Theatre and performance.
The Arts Lab's theatre programme was controversial from its start in 1969, with a nude open-air performance on the Arts Lab's roof by the theatre company Sweetness and Light attracting headlines in the "Birmingham Post". By 1971 there was a regular programme of visiting theatre companies - mainly radical performance art groups such as the People Show, Pip Simmons Theatre Group and John Bull Puncture Repair Kit - together with performances by the Arts Lab's own theatre company Zoo.
A regular Theatre Workshop was established from 1973, and the following years saw a series of plays written specifically for the Arts Lab including John Dowie's "Stillsmith", Gareth Owen's "Confession of Jon-Jak Crusoe" and his rock operetta "Rupert", Bruce Lacey and Jill Bruce's "Stella Superstar and Her Amazing Intergalactic Adventures" and most notably David Edgar's "Summer Sports", later revived as "Blood Sports" and still widely performed.
Between 1972 and 1976 the Performance Group - based at the Arts Lab but touring internationally - produced a range of shows that combined dance, film, text, poetry, electronics and ambient music; declaring "Total Theatre, Mixed or Multimedia, Compound Theatre are all terms we use in this connection", and from 1976 the Writers' Theatre Company provided an outlet for the professional production of work by young local writers. The Arts Lab was also notable as a comedy venue, with Stewart Lee crediting Victoria Wood and John Dowie's work at the Arts Lab as being one of the earliest roots of the later alternative comedy movement.
Janice Connolly -later to become comedy character Mrs Barbara Nice -performed at Tower Street in a piece directed by John Dowie from a Hunt Emerson cartoon "Dog Man "
Cinema.
The Arts Lab's cinema programme was established by Tony Jones – the first film shown being "Medium Cool" by Haskell Wexler, which had never before seen in the UK – and it continued after the programmes in most other media went into decline from 1980 onwards. The reputation of the Arts Lab's Tower Street venue as "the world's most uncomfortable cinema, the silence only broken by the accompaniment of some thrasher on the piano and the timpani of scurrying rats" was partly explained by the fact that the seating had been bought second-hand from a local cinema. In addition to its regular programme the Arts Lab held an annual Film Festival from 1972, focussing on particular themes including film makers such as Kenneth Anger, Josef von Sternberg or F. W. Murnau, or 1976's focus on Polish Cinema. Jones left the Arts Lab in 1978 to join the Cambridge Film Theatre.
Music.
The Arts Lab's music programme was defiantly aimed at "presenting contemporary music in Birmingham on a regular basis, regardless of the support it may or may not receive", starting off with a then-unusual all-Bartók concert by the Lindsay String Quartet. 1970 saw the foundation of the Arts Lab Sound Workshop by Jolyon Laycock, which produced a series of experimental sound performances throughout the 1970s involving improvisation, electronic music, amplification effects and liquid light shows, in regular collaboration with artists such as Cornelius Cardew, David Panton, Trevor Wishart and various ensembles associated with the University of Birmingham, often touring through Europe and North America. Notable premieres included Wishart's "Menagerie" and "Audio Movies".
The Arts Lab also developed a reputation as a centre of improvised rock, running from the psychedelia of Bachdenkel in the late 1960s, through the Arts Lab's own Amphioxus jazz-rock ensemble of the mid-seventies, to later collaborative performances at Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery.
Art, comics and poster art.
The Arts Lab had a printing operation from its establishment in 1969, set up by Bryan Brown and Simon Chapman whose work was influenced by the psychedelic imagery of the West Coast of America. It initially used silkscreen printing to produce posters for Arts Lab events, and raising funds by producing posters for local Student Unions and music promotors. The posters operation was later taken over by Bob Linney and Ken Meharg for the Arts Lab – emphasising simultaneous colour contrasts and the dynamic integration of hand-painted text with manipulated photographic imagery – were especially notable, being the subject of an international touring exhibition by the British Council between 1981 and 1985, and an exhibition by Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery in 1998. Ernie Hudson was particularly renown for his revolutionary multiple colour silk screen prints produced during this time, notably posters for John Peel at Aston University, and various bands at the time. Although few remain, those that do are archived in Birmingham Museum and Art gallery. 
In 1970 the Arts Lab obtained an offset litho press on loan from a local cash and carry operation (in return for printing the company's price list for free) and in 1972 bought a second hand press of its own. Initially intended to print flyers and price lists on a commercial basis, the take-over of the printing operation by Hunt Emerson in 1974 saw the Arts Lab move into comic art, producing a series of publications under its own Ar:Zak imprint. Starting with Emerson's own "Large Cow Comix" – which also featured work by Kevin O'Neill and Bryan Talbot – and eventually branching out such varied publications as Steve Bell's "Big Foot"; David Edgar's anti-Nazi "Committed Comix" and Suzy Varty's "Heroine" (the first British women's comic), Ar:Zak was to become an important part of the history of underground British comics, a position reinforced when the Arts Lab held "KAK" – the first "Konvention of Alternative Komix" in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19135717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135717" title="StillNo1">
StillNo1

StillNo1 is the seventh album by German indie rock band Slut. It was released on January 25, 2008.
Production.
The band recorded the album in Berlin in 2007. It was their first "real" studio album after recording and releasing a number of songs from Bertolt Brecht's and Kurt Weill's "The Threepenny Opera" in 2006. The band described recording those songs as essential for the existence of "StillNo1" as they incorporated many things they learned during their time performing at theaters.
Cover art.
The cover of the album is a version of a painting by Berlin artist Sigurd Wendland. The band planned to find a cover art by visiting art galleries in Berlin Mitte while recording the album but found nothing there that they liked. They discovered Wendland's art by browsing through an arts catalogue afterwards and decided that Wendland's art fits their music style. Wendland was supportive of the band and even asked them whether they would play at his vernissage at Lisbon.
Lead singer Chris Neuburger described it as great way to depict the music on "StillNo1".
Reception.
German music review site "Plattentest" gave it 9 out of 10 points and praised the album's departure from the loud, screaming songs on the band's previous 2004 studio album "All We Need Is Silence". The review also highlighted positively that the band diversified their usage of musical instruments, departing from their style of using mainly guitar sound which they established on "Lookbook" (2000) and compares the sound of the album to a variety of different artists, amongst them Radiohead, Depeche Mode, The Divine Comedy, Sigur Rós and The Beatles.
German music magazine "World of Music" also praised the album and named it their "CD of the month" in February 2008.
Lyrics.
Unlike in previous albums, "StillNo1" contains lyrics that are addressing a variety of political and sociological topics. Lead singer Chris Neuburger said in an interview that while the band previously had such thoughts, it was the first time they put them into musical form. He went on to say that the music and titles were designed to "trick" the listener into expecting lyrics that fit the music in a romantic way but instead often contain elements of criticism of the current political and sociological system.

</doc>
<doc id="19135719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135719" title="Athenæum (Das Deutsche Haus)">
Athenæum (Das Deutsche Haus)

The Athenæum, originally named Das Deutsche Haus (German:“The German House”), is the most ornate and best-preserved building affiliated with the German American community of Indianapolis. Once used as a German American "Turnverein" and clubhouse, it currently houses many groups, organizations, and businesses. The Athenæum is located across Massachusetts Avenue from the Old National Centre.
History.
In the 19th century, many German immigrants made their home in Indiana. A majority of these immigrants, called Forty-Eighters, relocated to the United States following the failed Revolutions of 1848 in the German states. These immigrants quickly formed musical, political, and social clubs after the German idea of club life including the Männerchor, Turnverein, and Liederkranz. Many of these immigrants believed in the philosophy of Friedrich Ludwig Jahn. In 1892, in order to preserve their German heritage the German clubs formed the "Sozialer Turnverein Aktiengesellschaft" (German: Social Gymnastics Association), an association to finance the building of a clubhouse. The clubhouse was built as a house of culture for the mind and body. All the German clubs would be united under a single roof.
For a cost of $32,000, two lots were purchased at Michigan Street and New Jersey Street. A German neighborhood called Lockerbie Square, also known as Germantown, surrounded the clubhouse. Construction of the East Wing began in May 1893, and was finished in 1894. The West Wing construction started in 1897 and was completed in 1898. German American architects Bernard Vonnegut, Sr. (grandfather of Indianapolis novelist Kurt Vonnegut) and Arthur Bohn designed both wings. It was called Das Deutsche Haus and hosted many organizations including the German-American Veterans Society, the German-American School Society, the Socialer Turnverein Women's Club, the German Ladies' Aid Society, and the Turner Building and Savings Association. There were 500 members by 1896.
In 1897, the "Musikverein" (Music Society) was founded at Das Deutsche Haus; it included a 60-piece orchestra, a male choir, and a mixed choir. The Athenaeum Orchestra is now the oldest orchestra in Indianapolis.
In 1907, Das Deutsche Haus agree to house the Normal College of the American Gymnastic Union in its east wing. The normal school trained physical education teachers for schools across the country. Indiana University incorporated the school in 1941, making it the School of Education of IUPUI. It is the oldest school of physical education in the United States.
With the anti-German sentiments of World War I, the clubhouse renamed itself the Athenæum. Today, the Athenaeum is operated by the non-profit Athenaeum Foundation.
Architecture.
The front part of the building is the East Wing. It is built in the German Romanesque style. The wing has a gable roof. There is a three storied brick tower with a conical slate roof. The entrance is flanked by two Roman Doric columns, and is arched with a semicircle of limestone. The upper windows are arched and the gymnasium has bullseye-shaped windows.
The West Wing is done in the German Renaissance Revival style and incorporates German architecture with Renaissance elements. It has a steep pitched hip roof. This wing also has a three storied brick tower but it has a curved mansard roof and spire. The wing has various window styles and some windows have stained glass. Roman Doric columns are placed beside the arched entrance. At each end of the main roof there are copper covered cupolas. The wing has a baroque pediment above its cornice. The faces of the stone voussoirs of the arches are projected outward. The facade is decorated with terra cotta grotesques. One figure in particular is Athena, the building's namesake, who is placed in the top arch.
Facilities.
The Athenæum Foundation nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving the historical Athenæum and serving the Indianapolis community. The foundation sponsors events and programs throughout the year. Free tours of the Athenæum are offered two times a month between March and December. Group tours can also be scheduled.
In the Athenaeum is the Rathskeller Restaurant, which is the oldest restaurant in the city.
Events.
In October 2009, the Athenaeum held its first annual GermanFest. The event, held outside on New Jersey Street, featured the Männerchor, the Saenger Chor, Meisterwinds, dachshund races, dancing, children's activities, and a visit from Mayor Greg Ballard.

</doc>
<doc id="19135723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135723" title="Arieh Dulzin">
Arieh Dulzin

Arieh Dulzin (pronounced: Dulchin; , 1913–1989) was a Zionist activist who served as a Minister without Portfolio in the Israeli government between December 1969 and August 1970, though he was never a member of the Knesset.
Arieh Leon Dulzin was born in Minsk in the Russian Empire. In 1928, he emigrated to Mexico. In 1938-1942 he was elected president of the Mexican branch of the Zionist Organisation. After immigrating to Israel in 1956, he worked for the Jewish Agency. He headed the economic department and investment bureau until 1965, then served as head of immigration, absorption and resettlement, and became treasurer in 1968 to 1978.
Dulzin was married to Annette, with whom he had two children.
He joined the Liberal Party, and on 15 December 1969 Golda Meir appointed him to her cabinet as a Minister without Portfolio. However, he resigned on 6 August 1970 when Gahal (the Herut-Liberal bloc) pulled out of the coalition.
Between 1978 and 1987 he served as president of the World Zionist Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19135728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135728" title="Kiriyenko">
Kiriyenko

Kiriyenko is Russian and Ukrainian surname.

</doc>
<doc id="19135734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135734" title="Splunk">
Splunk

Splunk is an American multinational corporation headquartered in San Francisco, California, which produces software for searching, monitoring, and analyzing machine-generated big data, via a web-style interface.
Splunk (the product) captures, indexes and correlates real-time data in a searchable repository from which it can generate graphs, reports, alerts, dashboards and visualizations.
Splunk aims to make machine data accessible across an organization and identifies data patterns, provides metrics, diagnoses problems and provides intelligence for business operation. Splunk is a horizontal technology used for application management, security and compliance, as well as business and web analytics. Splunk has over 5,200 licensed customers in 74 countries, including more than half of the Fortune 100.
The company was started in 2003 by co-founders Michael Baum, Rob Das and Erik Swan. The name "Splunk" is a reference to exploring caves, as in spelunking. Splunk is based in San Francisco, with regional operations across EMEA and Asia and has over 900 employees. Splunk is venture funded, having raised 40 million USD by 2007 and became profitable in 2009. In 2012, Splunk had its initial public offering, trading under NASDAQ symbol . In September 2013, the company announced the agreement to acquire Bugsense, a leading analytics solution for machine data generated by mobile devices.
Products.
Splunk's core product Splunk Enterprise (also called "Splunk"), can perform real-time and historical search, as well as reporting and statistical analysis. The product can index structured or unstructured textual machine-generated data. Search and analytics operations are specified using SPL ("Search Processing Language"), created for managing machine-generated big data. Originally based upon Unix Piping and SQL, its scope includes data searching, filtering, modification, manipulation, insertion, and deletion.
In 2011, Splunk introduced "Splunk Storm", a cloud-based version of the core Splunk product. "Splunk Storm" offers a turnkey, managed and hosted service for machine data.
In 2013, Splunk announced a product called "Hunk: Splunk Analytics for Hadoop", which supports accessing, searching, and reporting on external data sets located in Hadoop from a Splunk interface.
In 2013, Splunk announced that "Splunk Storm" would become a completely free service and expanded its cloud offering with "Splunk Cloud".
Licensing.
Splunk offers its main software in two license types: an Enterprise License designed for companies and large organizations, and a Free License designed for personal use. The freeware version is limited to 500 MB of data a day, and lacks some features of the Enterprise license edition.
As of the release of "Splunk Cloud", "Splunk Storm" is free and includes 20GB of data storage.
Notable Use Cases.
"Splunk" originated as a tool primarily aimed at IT/Operations use cases, but has expanded its reach to additional use cases.
IT/Operations.
"MetroPCS, a leading North American telecoms operator, is using "Splunk" to index data from firewalls, intrusion detection systems and web servers to identify network abusers and take corrective action..."
SaaS provider Ceryx uses "Splunk" to track and manage email flow issues.
Denver Water's IT team uses "Splunk" to see failure trends and address them ahead of time.
Web Analytics.
Splunk supports web analytics use cases.
Cars.com used "Splunk" to improve key performance metrics on its website so users would spend more time on their site, garnering greater profits.
Domino's Pizza uses "Splunk" to track and analyze coupon usage to determine efficacy of their online promotions.
"National Public Radio NPR is using the Splunk log search engine to analyze Web traffic for its audio streams and downloads.".
Internet of Things.
A growing set of use cases exist for "Splunk" in the Internet of Things.
In one instance, "Splunk" was used to analyze open data made available through Bangkok's Metropolitan Administration Department of Drainage and Sewage. Using the Splunk architecture, a system was implemented that monitors and sends out alerts to subscribers of the system to alert them as water levels rise so that they can prepare and evacuate as necessary
The administration at Eglin Air Force Base uses "Splunk" to monitor usage of elevators, security doors, light switches, wall mounted thermostats, and air conditioners in their facilities and then analyze the collected data to determine usage patterns and identify when energy usage can be moderated.
Nest Labs, makers of the wifi-enabled "Nest" thermostat uses "Splunk" to analyze the thermostat data from hundreds of thousands of customers to improve device performance, and medical device manufacturer iRhythm uploads remote monitor data to "Splunk" to check on performance of their products; an unnamed elevator company uses "Splunk" to monitor their customers' elevator usage patterns and used the information to decide whether to offer certain customers different plans
Security.
"Splunk" is used for a variety of security purposes.
University of Connecticut uses "Splunk" to analyze security log data and generate a "security score" based on various security metrics including use of anti-virus and OS patch level, which is then used to advise and educate the users in question.
"Splunk" is used by federal and state agencies to automate review and analysis of security and network log data so that security issues can be addressed quickly.
Compliance.
"Splunk" is used to assist in developing and maintaining regulatory compliance.
"Barclay's banking group's security division is using Splunk, a big data technology tool, to help it comply with an increasingly complex regulatory environment and is also looking to roll out the technology across a number of other business units."
Credit Suisse uses Splunk to monitor data coming from servers, databases, firewalls, etc.
"Monster Worldwide, parent company of the popular Monster.com job website, has chosen Splunk software to manage security, monitoring and compliance efforts for its online hosting business..."
Australian online bookmaker Sportsbet uses Splunk to generate reports for PCI auditors that can be used to assess compliance with the standards.

</doc>
<doc id="19135746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135746" title="Brandt (company)">
Brandt (company)

Brandt Zwieback-Schokoladen GmbH + Co. KG is a zwieback and chocolate producer in Germany. The company was established in 12 October 1912 in Hagen by Carl Brandt. In 2007, director Peter Scharf made a documentary on the company's history for WDR.

</doc>
<doc id="19135749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135749" title="Yamato 2520">
Yamato 2520

The OVA series features mechanical designs by Syd Mead and a soundtrack by jazz musician David Matthews.

</doc>
<doc id="19135750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135750" title="Continuous Plankton Recorder">
Continuous Plankton Recorder

The Continuous Plankton Recorder (CPR) survey is one of the longest running marine biological monitoring programmes in the world. Started in 1931 by Sir Alister Hardy, the CPR has provided marine scientists with their only measure of plankton communities on a pan-oceanic scale. Today the CPR survey is operated by the Sir Alister Hardy Foundation for Ocean Science (SAHFOS), located in Plymouth, UK. Uniquely, the CPR survey’s methods of sampling and plankton analysis remain unchanged since 1948, providing a spatio-temporally comprehensive > 60 year record of marine plankton dynamics.
Sampling and analysis.
The CPR is a plankton sampling instrument designed to be towed from merchant ships, or ships of opportunity, on their normal sailings. As of December 31, 2007, CPRs have been towed a total of by 278 ships since the survey’s inception. Recorders have been towed in all oceans of the world, the Mediterranean, Baltic and North Seas and in freshwater lakes. However, SAHFOS CPR sampling primarily focuses on the northwest European shelf and the Northeast and Northwest Atlantic, with these regions undergoing monthly sampling; regular sampling is also now carried out in the North Pacific. Additionally, sister CPR surveys, not conducted by SAHFOS but using similar methodology, are operated from the USA and Australia.
The CPR is towed at a depth of approximately 10 metres. Water passes through the CPR and plankton are filtered onto a slow-moving band of silk (270 micrometre mesh size) and covered by a second silk. The silks and plankton are then spooled into a storage tank containing formalin. On return to the laboratory, the silk is removed from the mechanism and divided into samples representing of tow. 
CPR samples are analyzed in two ways. Firstly, the Phytoplankton Colour Index (PCI) is determined for each sample. The colour of the silk is evaluated against a standard colour chart and given a 'green-ness' value based on the visual discoloration of the CPR silk produced by green chlorophyll pigments; the PCI is a semiquantitative estimate of phytoplankton biomass. In this way the PCI takes into account the chloroplasts of broken cells and small phytoplankton which cannot be counted during the microscopic analysis stage. After determination of the PCI, microscopic analysis is undertaken for each sample, and individual phytoplankton and zooplankton taxa are identified and counted. Nearly 500 phyto- and zooplankton taxa have been identified on CPR samples since 1948.
Ecological research.
Due to its long time-series, comprehensive spatial coverage and methodological consistency, the Continuous Plankton Recorder survey is a unique ecological dataset which has provided invaluable insights into numerous aspects of plankton dynamics and ecology. Key areas of research include:

</doc>
<doc id="19135751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135751" title="Wiesław Rudkowski">
Wiesław Rudkowski

Wiesław Rudkowski (born November 17, 1946 in Łódź, Poland) is a former boxer and Olympic silver medalist. He lost the gold medal match to Dieter Kottysch.

</doc>
<doc id="19135755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135755" title="Mammal (EP)">
Mammal (EP)

Mammal is the self-titled debut Extended play (EP), by Australian hard rock band, Mammal from 2006. The band sold the EP independently at their live shows and on their website until early 2007 when they signed with Metropolitan Groove Merchants (MGM) to distribute it independently. The original version (no longer in print) was replaced by the MGM version, released in March. The EP peaked into the top 20 of the AIR Charts.
Background.
Mammal formed in Melbourne, Australia in March 2006 when vocalist Ezekiel Ox (ex-Full Scale Deflection, Full Scale) joined guitarist Pete Williamson (ex-Pete Murray & the Stonemasons) who was writing songs with session bass guitarist, Nick Adams; the trio were joined by drummer, Zane Rosanoski. In mid-2006 they entered the Sing Sing Studios to record their self-titled debut five-track Extended Play (EP), "Mammal", which was sold independently at their live shows and on their website. By early 2007, they signed with Metropolitan Groove Merchants (MGM) which distributed their EP from March, which peaked into the top 20 of the AIR Charts.
On 2 February, they recorded a live performance at the Evelyn Hotel and released their first live album, "" in August. For this album, all five tracks from the EP had been recorded live with five additional tracks.
Track listing.
Australian CD EP MAMMAL001 Version

</doc>
<doc id="19135769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135769" title="Chinese Takeout">
Chinese Takeout

Chinese Takeout is a novel written by American author, playwright and poet, Arthur Nersesian. The novel was dedicated "To the memory of Tom Reiss, teacher, artist, friend (1957-2002)". It was released in 2003, by HarperCollins Publishers, to generally positive reviews.
Characters.
Orloff (Or) /
Reviews.
"Magnificent...Nersesian's story of a man on a search for authenticity won't leave you hungry...Nersesian is this generation's Mark Twain and the East River is his Mississippi."
-Jennifer Belle, author of High Maintenance

</doc>
<doc id="19135789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135789" title="Joaquín Rocha">
Joaquín Rocha

Joaquín Rocha Herrera (born August 16, 1944 in Ciudad de México, Distrito Federal, Mexico) is a former Olympic heavyweight boxer.
Amateur career.
Rocha was the 1968 Olympic Heavyweight Bronze Medalist at Mexico City. 

</doc>
<doc id="19135792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135792" title="ArizonaNativeNet">
ArizonaNativeNet

ArizonaNativeNet is the first online virtual university designed for use by Native American communities in the United States and Native Nations around the world. 
It was developed and produced by The University of Arizona through a partnership led by the Native Nations Institute at the Udall Center for Studies in Public Policy, the Native Peoples Technical Assistance Office, and the Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program at the University of Arizona's James E. Rogers College of Law. 
The main purpose of ArizonaNativeNet is to provide Native Nations with access to the most up-to-date research, education, and distance-learning resources. The site is designed to be used by tribal leaders, policymakers, students, educators, media and the general public.
Faculty.
S. James Anaya,
James J. Lenoir Professor of Human Rights Law and Policy
Robert A. Williams, Jr.,
E. Thomas Sullivan Professor of Law and American Indian Studies 
Director of the Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy (IPLP) Program
Melissa L. Tatum,
Research Professor of Law
Associate Director, Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program
Raymond D. Austin,
Distinguished Jurist in Residence
Robert A. Hershey,
Director, Indigenous Peoples Law Clinic
James C. Hopkins,
Associate Clinical Professor, Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program
Joseph P. Kalt & Lance G. Morgan,
Adjunct Professors

</doc>
<doc id="19135800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135800" title="PDLC">
PDLC

PDLC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19135812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135812" title="David Anderson (engineer)">
David Anderson (engineer)

Sir David Anderson (1880–1953) was a Scottish civil engineer and lawyer.
Anderson was born in 1880 at Leven, Fife, Scotland. In 1921, on his return from Army service, Anderson joined a partnership with fellow engineers Basil Mott and David Hay, forming the company Mott Hay and Anderson. Mott, Hay and Anderson traded until 1989, when it merged with Sir M. MacDonald & Partners to form "Mott MacDonald".
Anderson was elected president of the Institution of Civil Engineers for the November 1943 to November 1944 session.

</doc>
<doc id="19135819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135819" title="Au Pilori">
Au Pilori

Au Pilori, also known as Le Pilori, was an anti-Semitic newspaper published in Occupied France during World War II.
The paper first appeared as "Le Pilori", before changing its name through an evolution of the editorial team. Funded by the Germans, it did not hesitate to campaign against specific individuals, against persons "suspected" of being Jewish, and against professions normally practiced by Jews, for instance dermatologists. Editors of the paper included Lucien Pemjean, Urbain Gohier, Robert-Jullien Courtine, Paul Vigouroux and Paul Riche.
Throughout the war it was published from 43 rue Monceau, in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.
The newspaper should not be confused with the similar Swiss right-wing publication of the same name, created by Georges Oltramare.

</doc>
<doc id="19135827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135827" title="Mahendranagar, Janakpur">
Mahendranagar, Janakpur

Mahendranagar is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,209 persons living in 1916 individual households.Mahendranagar act as bridge between Dhalkebar and Janakpur. Here four lines road way network. In the educational aspects , Gangotri boarding school and Saraswati Boarding has playrd an important role. Mr. Alok kumar Mahato is topper of Mahendranagar and now he is studying science. Rabin singh, Rohit Khanal, Ananta Mahato are bright student of Gangotri Boarding School. Here is also many Hospitals for the People.In in development, here is one if the biggest factory of nepal i.e Paper Factory.

</doc>
<doc id="19135829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135829" title="Deunta Williams">
Deunta Williams

Deunta Williams (born November 21, 1987) is an American football defensive back who is currently a free agent. He played football for the University of North Carolina. Williams was considered one of the top safety prospects in his class.
High school career.
A native of Jacksonville, North Carolina, Williams attended White Oak High School, where he starred at wide receiver and defensive back. Deunta also saw time as a running back and quarterback in his high school career. As a senior, he caught 29 passes
for 299 yards on offense and averaged eight tackles per game and intercepted seven passes on defense, while as a junior, he had 400 yards receiving, 250 yards rushing and 200 yards passing. He received All-American honors by "SuperPrep" and was named the defensive MVP for the North Carolina team in the Shrine Bowl.
Considered a four-star recruit by "Rivals.com", Williams was listed as the No. 8 overall prospect from North Carolina.
College career.
After redshirting his initial season at North Carolina, Williams switched from wide receiver to safety in the fall of 2007, prior to the start of the season. He started all 12 games and ranked fifth on the team with 59 tackles. Williams was an "FWAA" and "Rivals.com" Freshman All-American in 2007.
As a sophomore, Williams started all 13 games and ranked fifth on the team with 65 tackles, including 55 solo stops. He also had three interceptions, three pass breakups and one forced fumble.
Professional career.
Williams went undrafted in the 2011 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19135842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135842" title="Mukhiyapatti Mushargiya">
Mukhiyapatti Mushargiya

Mukhiyapatti Musharniya is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,621 persons living in 436 individual households. in this village some person who leading the village. Name of this people are SHONPHI YADAV, SITA SARAN YADAV,RAM LOVIT YADAV, RAM SHOVIT YADAV, BISWANATH YADAV,PREM CHANDRA YADAV,harinath yadav ,Naresh yadav,Rajendra yadav...
in this village one temple,name is shankar bhagwan temple which is very famous in mukhiyapatti 
and the village famous in around all other village.

</doc>
<doc id="19135847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135847" title="The David Gates Songbook">
The David Gates Songbook

The David Gates Songbook is a compilation album by David Gates of Bread. It consists of previously released as well as new solo material; and songs with his former band Bread.
Track six is a new recording of the title cut from his 1994 album "Love Is Always Seventeen".

</doc>
<doc id="19135852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135852" title="Papikleshwor">
Papikleshwor

Papikleshwor is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,101 persons living in 691 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135861" title="Mithileswor Mauwahi">
Mithileswor Mauwahi

Mithileswor Mauwahi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,082 persons living in 590 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135867" title="Fifteen (novel)">
Fifteen (novel)

Fifteen is a juvenile fiction novel written by Beverly Cleary. It was first published in 1956. It chronicles the perspective of a teenage girl entering her first romantic relationship. The book captures the innocent spirit of life in the 1950s, both through the playfully light storyline and the casual references to convertibles, sweaters, "meeting boys", and soda shops. Regardless, the book remains in print today because its overall theme of difficult adolescent feelings still connects with young readers.
Plot.
Jane Purdy is a 15-year-old student at Woodmont High School in California. She dreams of having a boyfriend like blonde, popular, and sophisticated 16-year-old Marcy Stokes has. Jane feels somewhat left out of social circles at her high school, and envies the more popular girls who go out on dates, seem more confident and wear more expensive clothes.
One day while babysitting, she meets 16-year-old Stan Crandall, who is a delivery boy for a pet-food store. Jane is immediately attracted to Stan, although she does not believe that he will be attracted to her as she forgets to pretend to be sophisticated during their brief encounter. However, Stan calls her later, and asks her out on a date.Jane is extremely upset but it turns out that Stan asked Bitsy to the dance before he met Jane and he feels he cannot break the date now even though he is not attracted to Bitsy.
Jane and Stan's relationship fluctuates throughout the book. Jane constantly analyses her status with Stan, worrying about whether she's ready to date someone without scaring him off. After another outing, Jane takes Stan's unusually quiet and detached behavior as a sign that he's tired of her, but later she learns that he is sick with appendicitis.
In the end, Stan reassures Jane that she's his girlfriend, and gives her his ID bracelet as a symbol that they are going steady.
Characters.
Jane Purdy: Jane is the 15-year-old protagonist in Fifteen. She is a brunette with curly hair, which she finds childish compared to Marcy's blonde hair, and a pretty but small wardrobe with only one cashmere sweater. She is happy and surprised to meet Stanley Crandall and start a relationship with him. She constantly worries about her relationship. Jane gets her money by babysitting. She describes herself as an ordinary girl with nothing special. She doesn't like Marcy but is friends with Greg. While dating Stan, she has become much more popular and has vowed to be more confident. Jane is a sophomore at her high school.
Stanley "Stan" Crandall: Stan is a handsome 16-year-old who works at the Doggie Diner, a pet-food delivery shop. He had recently moved to Woodmont and soon starts a relationship with Jane, and tells her he thinks she's different from most girls. Their relationship is strained for a short period of time, but in the end, he assures her that everything is all right, before kissing her. Stan has brown hair, green eyes, a tan, and is described as good looking and friendly. He's a junior at his high school.
Julie: Julie is Jane's best friend. She has freckles on her face and it's hinted that she may be overweight, as she has a hard time dieting and often tries to wear clothes that make her look thinner. She goes to the dance with Buzz, starting a possible relationship. She's also a sophomore and 15-years-old like Jane.
Marcy Stokes: Marcy is 16-years-old and the ultimate "guys girl" or as Jane puts it "the cashmere sweater type" (the latest high school trend at their school). She has blonde hair which she always tosses in front of boys, and Jane to make her feel uncomfortable, as well as a stylish wardrobe with several cashmere sweaters. Marcy likes to make Jane feel little and takes any chance to embarrass her. Although she is dating Greg, she is jealous of Jane's relationship with Stan.
Buzz Bratton: Buzz is an inch shorter than Jane and Julie, even though he is a junior and 16-years-old. He likes Jane and even kisses her, upsetting Stan. When Jane and Buzz were in middle school, he would tackle her and steal the dishes she would prepare in cooking class and take home for her folks to taste. He is very reluctant about his relationship with Julie, possibly because he likes Jane not Julie.
Gregory "Greg" Donahoe: He's 16-years-old and Marcy's boyfriend. He seems to be good friends with Jane and Stan.
Mr. Purdy He is Jane's father. He is two years younger than his wife. He enjoys his begonia garden and his cat. Jane dislikes how he tries to joke and talk too much, especially around Stan.
Mrs. Purdy: She is Jane's 40-year-old mother and extremely overprotective. Jane dislikes how she never wears stockings on her bare legs.
Mr. Nibley: Mr. Nibley is the owner of the popular Nibley's Ice Cream Parlor. He thinks Jane is 11-years-old.
Betsy "Bitsy": She's Stan's former girlfriend who is short and makes fun of Stan's job.
Sandra Norton: Is 8-years-old and the brattiest girl in all of Woodmont. She has a mother who pays lots of money when people babysit her monster child. Sandra and her family are from France, and she likes Julie better than Jane.
George: He has a major crush on Jane. He is two inches shorter than Jane. He's 15-years-old and a sophomore. George carries his money in a purse, is obsessed with science and is about as romantic as a math test.
Tom: Tom is Stan's friend from his old school. He works in Chinatown.

</doc>
<doc id="19135871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135871" title="Nauwakhor Prashahi">
Nauwakhor Prashahi

Nauwakhor Prashahi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,236 persons living in 625 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135872" title="Max Huber (statesman)">
Max Huber (statesman)

Hans Max Huber (born 28 December 1874 in Zürich – died 1 January 1960 in Zürich) was a Swiss lawyer and diplomat who represented Switzerland at a series of international conferences and institutions.
He studied law at the Universities of Lausanne, Zurich and Berlin. Huber taught international, constitutional and canon law at the University of Zurich from 1902 to 1914, and retained this title until 1921 but could not teach due to World War I. During the War, he advised the Swiss Defence and Foreign Affairs ministries. From 1922 to 1939 he was a Judge of the Permanent Court of International Justice and he served as the Court's President from 1925 to 1927, and from 1928 to 1944 he was president of the International Committee of the Red Cross. He also acted as the arbitrator in the influential Island of Palmas Case between the United States and the Netherlands in 1928 at the Permanent Court of Arbitration.
After retiring from the Red Cross, Huber published several articles on international law prior to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19135877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135877" title="Mitheleswor Nikas">
Mitheleswor Nikas

Mitheleswor Nikas is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,847 persons living in 923 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135887" title="Ramaidaiya Bhawadi">
Ramaidaiya Bhawadi

Ramaidaiya Bhawadi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,790 persons living in 937 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135891" title="Triumph Legend TT">
Triumph Legend TT

The Triumph Legend TT is a British motorcycle that was made by Triumph Motorcycles Ltd from 1998 to 2001. Based on the three cylinder liquid cooled Triumph Thunderbird 900, the priority for the new Legend TT was affordability, so the designers reduced the initial cost by producing a stripped down hotrod version, with less chrome. Design features included a satin black powder coated engine, 'teardrop' fuel tank, reverse cone megaphone silencers and spoked wheels on 17 inch chrome rims. The colour options were 'Obsidian Black', 'Cardinal Red' and 'Imperial Green'.

</doc>
<doc id="19135894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135894" title="Singyahi Maidan">
Singyahi Maidan

Singyahi Maidan is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,203 persons living in 1296 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135897" title="Eternal Filena">
Eternal Filena

Plot.
"Eternal Filena" follows the adventures of Filena, a female slave and gladiator brought up as a boy in the ocean kingdom of Filosena, which is in the middle of a revival. The ruling empire offers gladiatorial games to keep the masses happy, however they use young boys to be trained as gladiators for the games, and force the girls into prostitution.
Media.
Light novels.
The light novel series was serialized in "Animage" from 1985 until 1994. Interior illustrations as well as cover artwork for the collected volumes were done by Akemi Takada, known for her work on series such as "Kimagure Orange Road" and "Creamy Mami". The series has been collected into nine volumes. The series was popular enough to place in "Animage" polls for readers' all-time-favorite series as late as 1999.
Anime.
A six-episode anime OVA series, with original character designs by Akemi Takada, was released by Tokuma Japan Communications from December 1992 through February 1993 at a rate of two 30-minute episode per month. The OVA series was not well received.
A soundtrack for the anime series was released on October 23, 1992, two months prior to the OVA series. The soundtrack was performed by guitarist Jinmo, with vocals for the opening theme song, "Ocean", performed by Azumi Inoue.
Cast.
Sources:
Staff.
Sources:
Video game.
A role-playing video game based on the series was first released on the Super Famicom in 1995 exclusive to Japan. The game was developed and published by Tokuma Shoten. Eternal Filena was released late into the Super Famicom's life, but despite this it had somewhat dated graphics that were remniscent of Final Fantasy V.
The game's story begins with Filena, a girl raised as a boy by her grandfather Zenna. Filena is raised as a boy because the Empire ruling the country forces girls into prostitution and turns boys into gladiators. After turning 16 Filena prepares to make her debut in the imperial coliseum, however before the battle she and her fellow gladiators are assigned concubines. Filena ignores her assigned bedmate, Lila, but Lila forces her way into Filena's room and learns the truth about her gender. Filena later fights through the gladiator ranks and discovers that their battles to the death are all scripted by behind-the-scenes writers. Filena then sets off with Lila on a quest to bring down an empire and reclaim her rightful place in a lost kingdom.
The gameplay is typical of role-playing video games of its time, using a turn-based battle system with random encounters with monsters to gain experience and level up.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the game a 23 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="19135899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135899" title="José Jesús Márquez">
José Jesús Márquez

José Jesús Márquez Sánchez is a Spanish Taekwondo athlete. 
He is a two-time world champion (1995 and 1997) and five-time straight national welterweight champion (from 1994 to 1998). At the 1995 World Championships in Manila, Márquez won the welterweight (−76 kg) gold medal by defeating Jean Lopez, the eldest Lopez sibling, in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19135905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135905" title="Phil Coke">
Phil Coke

Phillip "Phil" Douglas Coke (born July 19, 1982) is an American professional baseball left-handed pitcher with the Detroit Tigers of Major League Baseball. He previously played for the New York Yankees. 
Baseball career.
College.
Coke attended San Joaquin Delta College. He was drafted by the Florida Marlins in the 49th round (1450th overall) of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign.
Minor leagues.
He was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 26th round (786th overall) of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft, and did sign.
He began his baseball career with the GCL Yankees in 2003. By 2007, Coke had also pitched for the short season Staten Island Yankees, Class-A Charleston RiverDogs, and Class-A Advanced Tampa Yankees.
He made his Double-A debut with the Trenton Thunder in 2008, going 9–4 with a 2.54 ERA in 23 games (20 starts). Later that year in Triple-A with the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees, he pitched in 13 games (starting one) and went 2–2 with a 4.67 ERA.
Major leagues.
New York Yankees.
He made his major league debut on September 1, 2008, for the Yankees against the Detroit Tigers with a scoreless inning and strikeouts of Curtis Granderson and Miguel Cabrera. In 2009, Coke got his first World Series title after the Yankees defeated the Philadelphia Phillies in six games.
Detroit Tigers.
On December 9, 2009, Coke was traded to the Detroit Tigers as part of a three team trade that sent Curtis Granderson to the Yankees.
The Tigers signed Coke to a new contract on February 7, 2011. After spending all of his previous time in the major leagues as a relief pitcher, Coke was moved from the bullpen to the fifth spot in the starting rotation to start the 2011 season. On June 30, after accumulating a 1–8 record, Coke was moved back to the bullpen.
On January 16, 2012, Coke signed a one-year, $1.1 million deal with the Tigers to avoid arbitration. He was eligible to earn an additional $50,000 based on appearances in the 2012 season. On October 14 and October 16, 2012, Phil Coke earned saves against the Yankees in games 2 and 3 of the 2012 ALCS. On October 18 in Game 4 of the 2012 ALCS, Coke sent the Tigers to the World Series for the first time in 6 years by getting Jayson Nix to pop out to Prince Fielder for the final out of the game. Coke spiked his glove in celebration as he pushed the Tigers past his former team.
In the 2012 World Series, Coke pitched innings, allowing one run. The only run Coke gave up in the entire postseason came in the top of the 10th inning of Game 4, and was the game and series winner for the World Champion San Francisco Giants. This came after Coke had struck out the side in the top of the 9th inning which, coupled with his appearances in Games 2 and 3 of the series, gave him a World Series record seven consecutive strikeouts. Coke finished the 2012 postseason allowing one run in innings (0.84 ERA) and striking out 13 batters.
Coke's strong 2012 postseason proved to be an anomaly. He struggled throughout the 2013 season, failing to thrive as either a setup man or a lefty specialist. On August 20, 2013, after an outing against the Minnesota Twins that typified Coke's trademark ineffectiveness, the Tigers demoted him to their Triple-A farm club in Toledo, a move which coincided with the team's promotion of left-handed reliever Jose Alvarez to the major league roster.

</doc>
<doc id="19135919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135919" title="Suga Madhukarahi">
Suga Madhukarahi

Suga Madhukarahi is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,165.

</doc>
<doc id="19135920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135920" title="Blair Bridge (New Hampshire)">
Blair Bridge (New Hampshire)

The Blair Bridge is a wooden covered bridge originally built in 1829, that crosses the Pemigewasset River near Campton, New Hampshire, USA. It connects New Hampshire Route 175 to the east and U.S. Route 3 and Interstate 93 to the west. The bridge was damaged during Tropical Storm Irene on August 28, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19135928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135928" title="Manshingpatti">
Manshingpatti

Manshingpatti is a town and municipality in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,293 persons living in 567 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19135929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135929" title="Yitzhak Berman">
Yitzhak Berman

Yitzhak Berman (‎; 3 June 1913 – 4 August 2013) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Energy and Infrastructure from August 1981 until September 1982. He was also Speaker of the Knesset from 1980 until 1981.
Biography.
Born in Berdychiv in the Russian Empire (today in Ukraine), Berman made aliyah to Mandate Palestine in 1920. He studied at a teacher training college in Jerusalem, before studying to be a lawyer in London.
In 1939 he joined the Irgun and worked in the organisation's intelligence department. In 1941, during World War II, he enlisted in the British Army and served in intelligence. He also served in the Israel Defense Forces between 1948 and 1950, fighting in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.
In 1950 he began work as the legal advisor of the Kaiser-Fraizier Factory in Haifa, becoming Director General by the time he left in 1954. In 1951 he joined the General Zionists and became chairman of the party's Tel Aviv branch in 1964. In 1974 he became chairman of the party's national secretariat, and in 1977 elections was voted into the Knesset on the list of Likud (of which the General Zionists had become a faction). After being re-elected in 1981 he was appointed Minister of Energy and Infrastructure in Menachem Begin's government. However, he resigned from the post on 30 September 1982 due to the government's attitude towards the Kahan Commission, which was investigating the Sabra and Shatila massacre.
Berman lost his seat in the 1984 elections. In 1986 he was amongst the founders of the Centre Liberal Party, and the following year was one of the founders of the Centre Party (unrelated to the later Centre Party). He turned 100 in June 2013.
He never married and lived his last years in a Retirement home in Tel Aviv.
He died on 4 August 2013 in Tel Aviv at the age of 100 and was buried in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="19135930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135930" title="Annfield Plain railway station">
Annfield Plain railway station

Annfield Plain railway station was in County Durham in Northern England, on the original south section of the industrial Stanhope and Tyne Railway, which diverged from the East Coast Main Line south of Newcastle.
History.
The station was opened by the North Eastern Railway, and it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
The station was closed by the British Railways Board on 23 May 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19135945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135945" title="Shymko">
Shymko

Shymko () is a Ukrainian surname. Notable people with the surname include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19135947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135947" title="Mahuwa, Janakpur">
Mahuwa, Janakpur

Mahuwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,194.

</doc>
<doc id="19135955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135955" title="Mahuwa">
Mahuwa

Mahuwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19135969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135969" title="Mahuwa (Pra. Khe)">
Mahuwa (Pra. Khe)

Mahuwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,439.

</doc>
<doc id="19135977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135977" title="Makhanaha, Janakpur">
Makhanaha, Janakpur

Makhanaha is a Village Development Committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,059.

</doc>
<doc id="19135985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135985" title="Crocyllis">
Crocyllis

Crocyllis was a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family but is no longer recognized. It has been sunk into synonymy with "Plocama".

</doc>
<doc id="19135991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19135991" title="Phil Parsons Racing">
Phil Parsons Racing

Phil Parsons Racing, formerly named MSRP Motorsports, Prism Motorsports, and later HP Racing, is a NASCAR team competing in the Sprint Cup Series. It is owned by former NASCAR driver Phil Parsons, and currently fields the No. 98 Chevrolet for Josh Wise. 
The team was formerly owned by Phil's wife Marcia as well as Randy and Stacey Humphrey (hence the original name MSRP: Marcia, Stacey, Randy, Phil). For its first few years of its Nationwide Series and Sprint Cup operations, the team was infamous for being a start and park organization, meaning that the team qualified a car for races, but it eventually parked the car after just a few laps to avoid the costs of running a full race, even though the car is perfectly able to continue on. The bad publicity generated by the practice led Phil Parsons to refuse to answer questions about MSRP in 2008, but subsequently Parsons justified the practice by saying that "we furnished a living for some families, so there was some good that came out of it." In 2009, MSRP continued with two Nationwide Series teams and finally finished a race, while it also added a Sprint Cup team under the Prism name that qualified for 30 races but only finished two. After the season, the entire team became known as Prism.
In 2010, the team had two Sprint Cup teams, No. 55 and No. 66, led by drivers Michael McDowell and Dave Blaney, which drive Toyota Camrys provided under a technical alliance with MWR. Three drivers rotated among the two Nationwide Series cars (90 and 91) in 2010: Danny O'Quinn Jr., David Gilliland, and Chase Miller.
Car No. 55 crew chief Zach McGowan tweeted on November 18 that the team would be shutting down after the 2010 season ending race at Homestead, but this was denied by team owner Randy Humphrey. No information is available regarding PRISM's Nationwide teams. The team returned in 2011 as HP Racing with McDowell behind the wheel of the No. 66 Toyota with Gene Nead as crew chief. Unlike 2009, the team intended to run a limited schedule, running only a few full races, but ended up running the full schedule. The team ran with Ford for 2012 and 2013 before switching to Chevrolet for the 2014 season.
Sprint Cup Series.
Car No. 55 history.
For 2010, Prism added a second car provided by MWR, the No. 55, driven by former MWR Sprint Cup driver Michael McDowell. The car number is also owned by MWR and had previously been used by Michael Waltrip from 2007 to 2009. As of the start of the season, Prism had no sponsorship for this car. McDowell succeeded in qualifying the No. 55 into the starting field for the 2010 Daytona 500. After qualifying, McDowell said that this was the "biggest race of the season" for Prism, as the guaranteed winnings would enable the team to stay on the track for several weeks. McDowell qualified 29th, picked up sponsorship from South Carolina-based Firefly Vodka, and finished 33rd after a drive shaft issue. Randy Humphrey is listed as the official owner of the No. 55 entry.
Michael Waltrip drove the No. 55 at Talladega with Aaron's sponsorship to a poor finish after getting caught up in a wreck, but was running up front and was at one point leading the race. Mike Bliss drove the car after McDowell left the team. Waltrip will return, with sponsor Aaron's to the No. 55 at the fall Talladega race.
The No. 55 car did not enter the fall Texas race. It is unknown why the car was not entered, but it is speculated to be because of the large number of cars attempting to qualify.
Car No. 98 history.
The No. 98 car is a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series team that debuted in 2009 as the No. 66 under a technical alliance with MWR, which supplied the team's Toyota Camry, engines and technical support. Terry Labonte ran the No. 66 for the 2009 Daytona 500, where he finished 24th. Dave Blaney has run the rest of the season, except for the Aarons 499 at Talladega, where Michael McDowell drove while Blaney was away with his family. According to Blaney, Prism had anticipated attempting to run all of the laps in "six or eight" Sprint Cup races in which the team was able to secure full sponsorships, which included Window World for the Daytona 500 and Aaron's for the Coca-Cola 600. The Denny Hamlin Foundation was on the car at Lowes Motor Speedway and Talladega. But they failed to qualify for the former. Ultimately, the team qualified for 30 of the 34 Sprint Cup races in the 2009 season – 29 by Blaney and 1 by Labonte—but only ran two complete races (the Daytona 500 and the Coca-Cola 600). For the remainder of 2009, the No. 66 Prism car was a start and park team, much like their Nationwide Series counterparts.
Blaney returned to the No. 66 in 2010. Again, Prism struggled with sponsorship, as it was unable to find a sponsor for the team for even the 2010 Daytona 500, and Blaney subsequently failed to qualify for it. Blaney made the team's first race of the year in the 2010 Auto Club 500, qualifying fifth, leading four laps before finishing 41st. The 66 was later impounded by NASCAR.
The team was able to rebound from the impound, and ran the whole entire race, finishing 29th at the Shelby American.
On August 13, Scott Riggs replaced Blaney in the No. 66 at Michigan International Speedway. The team failed to qualify for the event. Riggs made his first start at Bristol Motor Speedway where the team qualified 32nd.
For 2011, McDowell returned to the team, now renamed HP Racing, for the full season. The team missed the 2011 Daytona 500, but started and parked the next three races. HP ran its first full race at Martinsville, where the team finished 32nd after a late wreck. KLOVE was the sponsor for Richmond and Darlington.
For 2012, McDowell returned to the team, renamed Phil Parsons Racing. The team also merged with Whitney Motorsports and partnered with entertainment icon Mike Curb. The team will now be running Fords with Roush Yates Engines and will use the number 98 to honor the memory of Benny Parsons. Phil Parsons Racing plans to run the first 5 races in their entirety with the hope of cracking the top 35. The 98 raced their way into the Daytona 500, with sponsorship from Curb Records and Christian radio station KLOVE. McDowell finished 30th after starting 11th in the 2012 Daytona 500.
The team opened the 2013 season with a ninth place finish at the Daytona 500, the first top ten finish for the team and for McDowell. Phil Parsons Racing withdrew from Phoenix after the team could not prepare the Generation 6 cars in time. Mike Curb is listed as the owner of the 98. McDowell left after the 2013 season and Josh Wise took over as the team switched to Chevrolet.
Nationwide Series.
Car No. 90 history.
The No. 90 first raced in the season opening Daytona 300 in 2008 with former Nationwide Series champion Steve Grissom driving. Grissom did not qualify in on time, but fell back on his Champion's Provisional. At Auto Club Speedway of Southern California, Scott Lynch drove the #90. At Las Vegas 2006 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series Champion Todd Bodine drove. Finally, at Atlanta the team found a full-time driver in Johnny Chapman. Chapman has run every race since Atlanta aside from the road courses, where both driving school instructor Chris Cook and NASCAR Canadian Tire Series driver Don Thomson, Jr. have been in the seat. The team's best finish was 36th, with a best qualifying effort of 29th by Chris Cook at Watkins Glen. At Lowe's Motor Speedway the team failed to qualify when Chapman crashed during qualifying. Chapman again started and parked the No. 90 for most of the races in 2009. In 2010, MSRP has teamed up with D'Hondt Motorsports with Danny O'Quinn Jr. as the driver (they are still start and park), however they ran the race at Road America with Patrick Long racing. Long led two laps and finished 14th.
The team has since suspended operations.
Car No. 91 history.
The No. 91 team of MSRP Motorsports had its share of drivers since its debut at Daytona in 2008. Larry Gunselman failed to qualify at Daytona, but made the next nine races with a best finish of 38th at Las Vegas. He was released after destroying the team's only Superspeedway car in a wreck that broke IRL champion Dario Franchitti's ankle. After Gunselman's departure, Kenny Hendrick drove the car at Richmond and Lowe's. Truck Series veteran Terry Cook took over running four races beginning with Darlington and ending with Indianapolis. Cook's best finish was 41st on three occasions, but his best qualifying effort was 16th at the famed Milwaukee Mile. He was replaced by Justin Hobgood, who ran six races with a best finish of 38th and failed to qualify three times, including at Loudon, where he wrecked the car. On the two road courses, veterans Scott Steckly and Michael McDowell drove the car. In 2009, Terry Cook was the main driver for the No. 91, which was occasionally sponsored by Cajun Industries, LLC. Although the team under Cook had been leading practices and qualifying in the top 15 many times, its lack of funding meant that it had to continue to start and park. At Watkins Glen, Dave Blaney qualified for the race in 20th place and finished the race in the 13th position with sponsorship from SFP (the sponsor for Peyton Sellers' No. 77 Chevy), marking the first time MSRP finished a race in the Nationwide Series. In 2012, MSRP teamed up with D'Hondt Motorsports (who ran a race in 2008 with Kyle Busch as the driver) and Stephen Leicht is the driver. The team has since suspended operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19136042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136042" title="Keleher Lark">
Keleher Lark

__NOTOC__
The Keleher JK-1 Lark is a single-seat aerobatic sport aircraft that was designed in the United States in the early 1960s and later marketed for homebuilding. It is a conventional, mid-wing strut-braced monoplane with fixed tailwheel undercarriage. The fuselage and empennage are of welded steel tube construction, skinned in fabric. The wings are wooden and also covered in fabric. The design was revised in 1963, with the new version designated Lark 1B. Plans for this version were offered for sale from 1968 and were still on sale into the 1980s. An example of the 1B won the "Outstanding Workmanship" award for L. C. Koetkemeyer at the 1968 EAA Fly-in. 
As of 2008, six remain registered in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19136044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136044" title="Nicomen Mountain">
Nicomen Mountain

Nicomen Mountain, , is the southernmost major summit of the Douglas Ranges in the Lower Mainland region of southern British Columbia. It is located to the north of Nicomen Island and the communities of Deroche and Lake Errock. A local area Last Spike ceremony was held in 1884 on the Andrew Onderdonk Contract of the Canadian Pacific Railway; Nicomen was the scene of meeting of the two construction crews, one from Hope and one from Port Moody, of the ninety mile stretch through the lower Fraser Valley. The railway has used the mountain extensively for quarrying for gravel ballasting up to the present. Logging and farming continue in the area, though the mountain is still mostly forested.

</doc>
<doc id="19136061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136061" title="Adolfo Jara Heyn">
Adolfo Jara Heyn

Adolfo Ramón Jara Heyn (born 29 December 1964 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former football midfielder, futsal player, and coach.
Career.
Heyn played for most his career in Olimpia Asunción where he won several national and international championships such as the Copa Libertadores and Supercopa Sudamericana. His brother, Luis, also played alongside him in Olimpia for eight years. Heyn also played a few games for the Paraguay national football team during his career, including the U-20 FIFA World Cup of 1985. He also had a brief stint in futsal and represented the Paraguay national futsal team in the 1989 FIFA Futsal World Cup.
After retiring from football as a player he became a coach and was part of the Olimpia coaching staff during the 2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19136067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136067" title="Valea Agrișului River">
Valea Agrișului River

The Valea Agrișului River is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19136082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136082" title="Andrea Moody">
Andrea Moody

Andrea Moody (born February 20, 1978 in Abbotsford, British Columbia) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Canada, who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics for her native country. She finished in seventh place with the Women's 4×100m Freestyle Relay, swimming the third leg, alongside Shannon Shakespeare, Julie Howard, and Marianne Limpert. Moody was coached by Sam Montgomery.

</doc>
<doc id="19136103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136103" title="The Cold Room">
The Cold Room

The Cold Room is a 1984 cable television film by James Dearden. Based on an eponymous 1978 science fiction novel by Jeffrey Caine, the film stars George Segal, Amanda Pays (in her film debut), Anthony Higgins, Renée Soutendijk, and Warren Clarke. The original film score is by Michael Nyman. It was a production of MCEG/Sterling Entertainment and released on VHS by Charter Entertainment. As of 2008, it is available only on a chapterless DVD transferred directly from that VHS by East West DVD for a suggested retail price of $1. That DVD has multiple pauses and skips in the master while the counter plays normally on copies.
Plot.
Carla Martin (Amanda Pays) is leaving an English parochial boarding school for the summer to live with her estranged father at an inn in East Berlin. The headmistress (Ursula Howells), a nun, gives her a 1936 guide to Berlin, telling her she may find it useful, even though Berlin has surely changed as much as she has. Her best friend, Sophie (Lucy Hornack), gives her a bag of marijuana.
Hugh Martin (George Segal), her father, who lives on Central Park West, greets her at the Berlin Airport, surprised at how grown she looks. Carla is a bit embarrassed that he has given her a teddy bear, as she is nearly seventeen years old. She addresses him on a first name basis, and a camera pan reveals that he just bought the teddy bear at the airport. As they cross through the Berlin Wall, Carla is terrified that she will be personally searched and caught with drugs.
Hugh has a thirty-year-old girlfriend named Lili (Renée Soutendijk), who recommends Frau Hoffman's (Elizabeth Spriggs) inn because of the local character being significant to Hugh's historical research. Carla is convinced that there are rats behind the wall and wants to leave. Hugh has Frau Hoffman humour her and show her that there is merely a broom closet next door, though that room is not deep enough to convince her. Hugh insists it's probably just part of the next room.
Carla sees flashes of another girl in the wardrobe mirror, starts tapping the wall behind it and gets taps back, and tearing away at the wallpaper, she opens the wall to find a disused cold room, for the hotel was once a butcher's shop and home, and a Jewish dissident named Erich (Anthony Higgins) hiding inside. She begins sneaking him food from the hotel kitchen, along with utensils and her father's razor, to help him. Carla is experiencing two realities, one in which she is Carla Martin and another in which she is Christa Bruckner, daughter of butcher Wilhelm Bruckner (Warren Clarke) a proud member of the Nazi Party who calls her a "little slut" and rapes her in the night. Christa also has lines of cuts in both of her palms. Carla is ashamed by the rape and scrubs herself thoroughly in the bathtub.
Hugh is concerned that Carla may be going insane like her mother did and finally makes good on his insistence at having her seen by a doctor (George Pravda). When the doctor comes, she has stripped the sheets on her bed for their dirtiness and is not wearing anything under the bed covers, so her father steps out for the examination. The doctor cannot find anything wrong, and when she tells him that her father raped her the night before and asks him to examine her, he sees only inflammation from the scrub brush and identifies her as "virga intacta"—she was not raped.
Christa and Erich begin lovemaking, as Christa fears she is pregnant by her father and psychologically needs to have the possibility that any baby born is Erich's. She carves their names into a cross centred on the letter I on the wall of the cold room. Soon after, Hugh finds her huddled in a nightgown inside the wardrobe, which is filled with rotten food. Hugh and Lili get her dressed and take her out of the hotel. As they are getting into the car, Herr Bruckner drags her back into the butcher shop and insists he needs her for deliveries. In reality, this is to give Frau Hoffman time to reveal Erich to the Gestapo. When they return, Moltke (Clifford Rose), who had previously interrogated her about a visit to a Jewish man referred to her by Erich (something Carla was not able to accomplish in her own experience), is waiting in her bedroom. Erich shot one of Moltke's men, and Moltke killed him.
Hugh and Lili carry Carla back to the room with Frau Hoffman's assistance. When Carla regains consciousness, she begins accusing Frau Hoffman of having killed Erich. Not being able to tell Hugh from Herr Bruckner, she stabs him in the chest near the shoulder with a knife she has hidden. Coming to her senses, she and Lili ride with him in the ambulance.
Hugh now with his arm in a sling, the police are called to open the wall behind the wardrobe, which Carla had never actually opened. The planks Herr Bruckner had sealed it up with are removed, and Carla investigates it, filled with rats as she initially suspected, discovering the place where Christa and Erich's names are carved into the wall. Frau Hoffman is unable to hide her shame. Hugh takes Christa back to the airport to live with her aunt, with whom she lived prior to boarding school.
Soundtrack album.
The original music for the film was performed by the Wembley Studio Chamber Orchestra and recorded at The Music Centre, CTS Studios, London. In 1995, the original soundtrack recordings were acquired by Ford A. Thaxton of Silva America Records for release on compact disc in the wake of the popular success of "The Piano" in late 1993. Strings and piano predominate the score.
Track listing.
"Main Theme – Reprise" is not the end title music, but in fact, the second track heard in the film. There is no return to the brighter opening music after the beginning of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19136115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136115" title="Karen Brown">
Karen Brown

Karen Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19136134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136134" title="12th Tony Awards">
12th Tony Awards

The 12th Annual Tony Awards took place at the Waldorf-Astoria Grand Ballroom on April 13, 1958. Bud Collyer was the Master of Ceremonies. For the second year the program was not telecast, due to a strike against WCBS-TV.
The ceremony.
Presenters: Sydney Chaplin, Greer Garson, Judy Holliday, Celeste Holm, Nancy Kelly, Mary Martin, Elsa Maxwell, Laurence Olivier, Tyrone Power, Martha Scott, Phil Silvers, Walter Slezak
Performers were Mindy Carson and Bill Hayes.
Music was by Meyer Davis and his Orchestra.
Winners and nominees.
"Winners are in bold"
Production.
Outstanding Play
Outstanding Musical
Performance.
Distinguished Dramatic Actor
Distinguished Dramatic Actress
Distinguished Musical Actor
Distinguished Musical Actress
Distinguished Supporting or Featured Dramatic Actor
Distinguished Supporting or Featured Dramatic Actress
Distinguished Supporting or Featured Musical Actor
Distinguished Supporting or Featured Musical Actress
Craft.
Outstanding Director
Outstanding Choreographer
Scenic Designer
Costume Designer
Conductor and Musical Director
Stage Technician

</doc>
<doc id="19136144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136144" title="Riverside, Tasmania">
Riverside, Tasmania

Riverside is a residential suburb 4 kilometres north-west of the central business district of Launceston, Tasmania's second largest city. The West Tamar Highway runs through the suburb, adjoining Riverside to the West Tamar, which includes small towns: Beaconsfield, George Town and Beauty Point. Riverside is part of the West Tamar Council local government area, despite its close proximity to the Launceston CBD. The suburb is now Launceston's largest by population, narrowly ahead of Kings Meadows, nevertheless, it lacks in shopping facilities, with only a small $2 million centre which opened in the 1980s. The "Riverside Shopping Centre" as it is known, includes: a Woolworths supermarket, a Banjos bakery and a pharmacist. 
Though mostly built in the 1960s, Riverside contains a wide range of buildings, with older brick and weatherboard style homes prominent along the West Tamar Highway and area's closer to the city, many of which being either Edwardian or Art Deco in style, while more modern homes are located in the western and northern areas. Few buildings in Riverside date from the 1800s, though the notable exception being Cormiston House, a former estate house from the mid-1800s, located on a large property at the northern extremity of Riverside.
The western half of Riverside, accessed by Pomona Road, was built in the 1950s as the hydro-electric village of Marrawaylee to serve the construction of the Trevallyn Power Station. Now known as West Riverside, this minor suburb contains a single shop, the St Francis Church as well as the old hydro lodge, now modified into a private residence. The northwestern region of West Riverside has recently been the site of Riverside's most rapid urban growth, with new suburbs now connected onto Pomona Road North, Guildford Road, Tamar Rise and Balmoral Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19136145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136145" title="Bellefield Boiler Plant">
Bellefield Boiler Plant

Bellefield Boiler Plant, also known as the "The Cloud Factory" from its nickname's use in Michael Chabon's 1988 debut novel "The Mysteries of Pittsburgh", is a boiler plant located in Junction Hollow (referred to as "The Lost Neighborhood" also in Chabon's book) between the Carnegie Institute of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University in the Oakland district of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
Built in 1907 to provide steam heat for Carnegie Museum, it was designed in the Romanesque Revival style by the architectural firm Longfellow, Alden & Harlow. One of the smoke stacks measures 150 feet and the other more than 200 feet. The plant has burned both coal and natural gas but stopped burning coal on July 1, 2009. Its steam system expanded in the 1930s to service the University of Pittsburgh's Cathedral of Learning. Today it pumps heat to most of the major buildings in Oakland. It is owned by a consortium made up of the University of Pittsburgh, University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, Carnegie Mellon University, the Carnegie Museum, the City of Pittsburgh, and the Pittsburgh Public Schools.
According to reporting by the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", however, the 2007 film version of the "The Mysteries of Pittsburgh" does not use the actual Bellefield Boiler Plant, but at what remains of the Carrie Furnace, a storied blast furnace that was part of US Steel's Homestead Works, a few miles south in Rankin, Pennsylvania. As of 2010, one of the two stacks has been removed.
Source of the phrase the "Cloud Factory".
Chabon may have coined the name "Cloud Factory" himself, or heard it first from locals before employing it to great effect in his novel. Or he may have borrowed the phrase from Henry David Thoreau. It appears in Thoreau's essay "Ktaadn and the Maine Woods", which was first published in five serialized installments in "Sartain's Union Magazine" in 1848. The piece describes a transcendental, "mountain-top" experience Thoreau had in the summer of 1846 while hiking Mount Katahdin in Maine:
Sometimes it seemed as if the summit would be cleared in a few moments, and smile in sunshine; but what was gained on one side was lost on another. It was like sitting in a chimney and waiting for the smoke to blow away. It was, in fact, a "cloud factory"—these were the cloud-works, and the wind turned them off done from the cool, bare rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="19136160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136160" title="Kings Meadows, Tasmania">
Kings Meadows, Tasmania

King's Meadows is a suburb in the south of Launceston, Tasmania, Australia, with a greater amount of shops than any other suburb within Launceston making it the largest commercial district in Launceston outside on the CBD. It also has the largest indoor shopping centre within Launceston, the Kings Meadows High School, and a hotel. Kings Meadows is located in the floor of a shallow valley, roughly 70m above sealevel, which drains NE towards the small suburb of Punchbowl. Main access to the suburb from the CBD is from Hobart Road via the minor suburb of Sixways.

</doc>
<doc id="19136161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136161" title="Ma Zhongchen">
Ma Zhongchen

Ma Zhongchen (Chinese: 马忠臣; September 1936 - ) is a politician from the People's Republic of China. 
Ma was born in Taian, Shandong Province, and joined the Communist Party of China in 1956. In 1966, Ma became the vice Party chief of Taian County, Shandong. In June 1976, he became the Party chief and chairman of revolutionary commission of Zhangqiu County, Shandong.
In December 1992, Ma was appointed as the vice secretary of CPC Henan Committee, and the acting governor of Henan. He was confirmed as the governor of Henan in April, 1993. In March, 1998, Ma was elevated to the secretary of CPC Henan Committee.
Ma was an alternate member of 12th, 13th and 14th Central Committee of CPC, and a full member of 15th Central Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19136185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136185" title="CE-HTML">
CE-HTML

CE-HTML is an XHTML-based standard for designing webpages with remote user interfaces for consumer electronic devices on Universal Plug and Play networks. The standard is intended for defining user interfaces that can gracefully scale on a variety of screen sizes and geometries, including those of mobile devices to high definition television sets.
CE-HTML is part of the CEA-2014 standard (also referred to as Web4CE), defined within the Consumer Electronics Association (CEA).
Features.
CE-HTML consists of the following internet languages: 
CE-HTML can both be used in-home through UPnP as via the Internet. It allows the content creator to use the common and known languages in the web to define a user interface that can be controlled on a CE device. A CE-HTML client typically consists of a web browser adapted for the CE-HTML standard running on a consumer electronics device.
CE-HTML offers specific extensions for these browsers such as :
Typical CE-HTML code looks like this:
History.
CE-HTML was developed within the Consumer Electronics Association R7WG9 working group – consisting of a number of CE-manufacturers – to formulate an answer to the problem of displaying HTML (web) content on a device that does not possess the characteristics of a typical personal computer. 
CE devices have problems displaying regular web pages because these pages make use of:
Further difficulties with using a CE device to display web content are caused by the fact that CE devices typically have different capabilities such as different resolutions, remote controls and audio/video codecs.
Use.
CE-HTML is increasingly used within other standards, such as the Open IPTV Forum, the Digital Living Network Alliance (as of version 2) and HbbTV.
Some research suggests that CEA-2014 (of which CE-HTML is an important part) will be one of the key technologies in the living room internet experience.
There are currently a number of browser vendors and solution providers that claim to have a CE-HTML capable browser, such as Oregan developed by Oregan Networks Ltd and the Wedison project which is based on Webkit.
Philips released the first devices which support the CE-HTML standard through the Net TV feature in Europe in April, 2009, which in 2010 expanded to include Sharp and Loewe platforms. Connected TV's are also being released by Samsung, Panasonic and Sony, although these base their work on different languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19136188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136188" title="Hugues Legault">
Hugues Legault

Hugues Legault (born January 14, 1974 in Montréal, Québec) is a male former freestyle swimmer from Canada, who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There he finished in 39th place in the Men's 50m Freestyle. He is the older brother of swimmer Karine Legault, who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19136191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136191" title="Terry Taylor (musician)">
Terry Taylor (musician)

Terry Taylor (Terence Martin Taylor, born 28 August 1948) is an English guitarist, arranger and songwriter, who started to become known internationally in the latter half of the 1960s as the band leader of the group Tucky Buzzard, who were produced by Bill Wyman.
Career.
In 1979, after the ITV strike caused a curtailment in that year's autumn term schedules, Terry Taylor's guitar tunes The May Dance and Les Trois Enfants, were used as interval tracks as an accompaniment for the schools programmes interval slides.
After Tucky Buzzard broke up, after an introduction by Wyman, Taylor joined the band Arrows for their second television series, "The Arrows Show".
Taylor co-founded the band The Rhythm Kings with Wyman in 1997 and is currently a member.
Personal life.
Taylor has one son, Daniel, a result of his relationship with ex-wife Eva Dyrinda Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="19136192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136192" title="Ravenswood, Tasmania">
Ravenswood, Tasmania

Ravenswood is an eastern suburb of Launceston, Tasmania, Australia.
History.
Ravenswood was first settled in the early nineteenth century as a small farming area. The first official valuation of properties in the district took place in 1858.
For some years after the arrival of the pioneers, there was only one road to Launceston across a ford at St. Leonards. There were no bridges. The farmers went by horseback to Launceston to sell their fruit, butter, eggs and vegetables.
There is very little about the area indexed at the Archives Office in Tasmania, but what information there is supports the claim that the Ravenswood district took its name from the property owned by David McGown on Distillery Creek.
As well as already obtaining grants of land from the Government, Mr McGown purchased 2000 acres and another 30 acres at Distillery Creek from Henry Prialux, the original grantee, in February, 1836, for the sum of two thousand pounds. He called his property at Distillery Creek "Ravenswood". Later he named the area near his home "Roslyn". His first home on the property was, unfortunately, burnt. Ultimately the district became known as Ravenswood.
In 1838, Mr. McGown stated evidence to the Distillation Committee that he had carried on business as a Distiller for 14 years in Scotland and for 6 years in the colony at the site, Distillery Creek.
On 19 May 1838, the "Cornwall Chronicle" carried a warning to trespassers not to allow cattle on the property of "Ravenswood", the property of D. McGown (known as Priaulx's grant).
It was in 1840, according to the "Cornwall Chronicle" that he offered "Ravenswood" and the "Caledonian Will" for sale.
In 1858 and 1868 the assessment rolls showed John Faulkner as occupier of the house with garden and land owned by D. McGown's trustees, agent - James Scott.
"Distillery Creek" received its name for an obvious reason. The Caledonian Distillery, sometimes known as Towers' Distillery, was built on Mr. McGown's property and was conducted by his brother - in - law, James Towers, whose brother, Robert, operated the semaphore station at Windmill Hill.
Nearby settlers used to bring their grain to the mill. They received in return bottles of whiskey which were passed to them through spaces between horizontal bars firmly set in wall openings. The water used for distilling was piped from a spring in the hills above.
On the opposite side of Distillery Creek near the site of the home of Mr and Mrs D. Brooks, there was once a flour mill called Harden Mill, built in 1857 to the order of James Scott, the surveyor and son-in-law of D. McGown. He lived in "Bowhill", Glen Dhu, behind Coats Patons' Mill. In 1868 Gaunt and Co. were occupiers and James Scott was still owner.
By 1892 James Marshall was the operator. An illustration of "Marshall's Mill" may be found in records in the local history room at the Northern Regional Library. Later it was sold to Robert Hogarth. Finally, in 1932, it was demolished because there were large cracks in the walls and it was considered unsafe.
An early map shows four adjoining properties owned by Jame McNally, Francis Bourke, Richard Dry and Dalrymple Keating. These properties were purchased on 31 July 1883, by Ameia Dean, wife of George B. Dean owner of the Phoenix Bakery, St John Street, Launceston. The farm "Hiawatha Farm", was first used as a run for horses which drew the bread delivery carts. The farm extended to what we now know as Ravenswood Road. Gradually, small sections have been sold to make way for Launceston City Council initiated developments, e.g. flood prevention, a section of Bell Bay railway, housing and the present school.
In December, 1914, an agreement was drawn up between Amelia Dean and a solicitor, Louis Page, to have a bridge built across the North Esk River at Henry Street. Louise Page was to have the bridge built in return for 20 acres of land from Amelia Dean. The conditions were that the bridge had to be above the level of the highest flood, (it withstood the flood of 1929), that it be completed in nine months and that it be substantial enough to bear the weight of traction engines and other machinery. Roads approaching it were to be completed in twelve months. The bridge was replaced by the Launceston City Council in 1968.
Another bridge, the first, was built by George Hobler, who had land at South Ravenswood, bound by the North Esk. He obtained permission from the Government to build a bridge over the river at his own expense. This was the first Hobler's bridge. George's property was known as "Killafaddy". Since then, two more bridges of the same name have been built and each has been in a different place.
According to one source, two of the best known early settlers were the Towse brothers, who emigrated from England. It has been suggested that their property was named "Ravenswood", after their property in their homeland but Archives did not reveal any evidence to substantiate this. Their first home was built of stone. A small church was built on the corner of Wildor Crescent and Henry Street (now demolished). The Towse brothers were buried in the cemetery nearby. Other tombstones bare the names of Faulkner, Gipton, Elmore and Hodgson.
Timber split in the bush and hauled by bullocks was used to build a small hall on Mr. Gipton's property. The renovated building, now the Ravenswood Gospel Chapel is in front of the original Gipton house.
Quite a few of the early homes, like Mr. Gipton's, were made of large blocks of stone. At one time there were six such homes facing Launceston. Mr Bird and Mr Tattersall both lived in stone houses near the recreation ground and Mr S. Leslie lived in another near the reservoir.
Names of other early settlers not mentioned elsewhere are Boag, Luck, Lawrence, Goodyer, Rankin, Olding, Bradshaw, Chandler. Land holders shown on an early map were Kealing, Dry, Burke, McNalley, Stonehouse, Mackey, E. Wench, Snell, whose holdings were "located". D. McGown, C. Swan, H. Chapman, T. Learmonth and H. Jennings were "granted" land.
The first school was built on land given by Robert Gipton, who migrated from Ireland, he married Miss Towse. The building of the first school consisted of one school room with an attached residence of four rooms and a sun room. The structure was at the rear of Mr Spataro's house in Henry Street.
Children came from as far as Rocherlea, Mowbray, Vermont, Prosser's Forest and Russell's Plains, Waverley and Newstead. The enrollment at one time reached 60. The school was closed in 1940 because of diminishing numbers. Mr R. K. Jones was the last principal. The building itself was re-erected at Ogilvie Park where it serves as a caretakers residence. The flag which was used at the first school in Ravenswood was donated to the present primary school by Mrs R. K. Jones.
Facilities.
Ravenswood has the following facilities:
Education.
Ravenswood has two schools Ravenswood Heights formed at the end of the 1996 school year after the amalgamation of the three local schools Ravenswood High, Ravenswood Primary and East Ravenswood Primary. After the amalgamation Ravenswood Primary was closed and later re-opened as a special school. While Ravenswood high became the senior campus for grades 6-10 with East Ravenswood becoming the junior campus for grades 1-5 as well as having a kindergarten. The senior campus closed at the end of 1999 after many years of low enrolments, leaving remaining students to choose between nearby Brooks High School at Rocherlea or Queechy High School at Norwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19136199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136199" title="Baycliff">
Baycliff

Baycliff is a village in the South Lakeland District of Cumbria in England. Historically in Lancashire, it is situated south of Ulverston, in the civil parish of Aldingham. At the centre is a village green, and many of its buildings date from the 17th and 18th centuries. There are two public houses, the "Farmer's Arms" and the "Fisherman's Arms", situated close to the green.
History.
In the past Baycliff, originally spelled "Baycliffe", was a fishing and farming community. The industries of iron mining and local white stone quarrying provided employment for the men of the village. The iron was shipped to Backbarrow.
Limestone.
Baycliff limestone is still quarried; the quarry beds produce two distinct stones. "Lord" is oatmeal coloured with dark cream markings; "Caulfield" is a buff stone with light coffee mottling. It is a versatile material, used to create distinctive, durable floors and attractive paving schemes and is used in landscaping designs.

</doc>
<doc id="19136201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136201" title="MBB Lampyridae">
MBB Lampyridae

The MBB Lampyridae, or Firefly, was a low-observable medium missile fighter (MRMF) developed in 1980 by the German aerospace company Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm (MBB).
Development.
Developed independently of the Have Blue prototype and Lockheed's F-117 stealth fighter, the Lampyridae nonetheless utilized a similar approach. The design was revealed to the US in 1987 when a group of USAF officers were shown the piloted model, which was kept in a closed-off section of MBB's plant at Ottobrunn in Bavaria. The project was canceled soon after for unspecified reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19136207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136207" title="Pârâul Porcului (Ciugud)">
Pârâul Porcului (Ciugud)

The Pârâul Porcului is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19136210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136210" title="McAlpin">
McAlpin

McAlpin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19136222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136222" title="Lane Motor Museum">
Lane Motor Museum

Lane Motor Museum is located in Nashville, Tennessee and features a unique collection of mostly European automobiles.
History.
The Lane Motor museum was established in 2003 by Jeff and Susan Lane and began with Jeff Lane's personal collection of 70 vehicles. The collection is housed in the former Sunbeam bakery which occupied the site from 1951 to 1994. Many of the unique architectural details of the building have been retained.
The collection.
The collection features over 330 automobiles, 20 motorcycles, and related art and memorabilia, housed in the former Sunbeam bakery. There are many architectural details that complement the collection. The museum includes the largest collection of Czechoslovakian cars outside of Europe (including 13 Tatra), European automobiles of unusual or innovative design, propeller-powered vehicles, microcars, three-wheeled cars, amphibious vehicles, alternative fuel vehicles, military vehicles, and one-of-a-kind vehicles and prototypes. This museum highlights the outlandish and unusual sides of the automobile's development with cars rarely seen in the United States.
Rally for the Lane fundraisers.
Since approximately 2009 the Lane has hosted annual fundraisers in which donors of $500-$850 are able to drive a car from the collection on a 200 mile route in rural Tennessee. 

</doc>
<doc id="19136234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136234" title="Ludi">
Ludi

Ludi (Latin plural) were public games held for the benefit and entertainment of the Roman people ("populus Romanus"). "Ludi" were held in conjunction with, or sometimes as the major feature of, Roman religious festivals, and were also presented as part of the cult of state.
The earliest "ludi" were horse races in the circus ("ludi circenses"). Animal exhibitions with mock hunts ("venationes") and theatrical performances ("ludi scaenici") also became part of the festivals.
Days on which "ludi" were held were public holidays, and no business could be conducted — "remarkably," it has been noted, "considering that in the Imperial era more than 135 days might be spent at these entertainments" during the year. Although their entertainment value may have overshadowed religious sentiment at any given moment, even in late antiquity the "ludi" were understood as part of the worship of the traditional gods, and the Church Fathers thus advised Christians not to participate in the festivities.
The singular form ludus, "game, sport" or "play" has several meanings in Latin. The plural is used for "games" in a sense analogous to the Greek festivals of games, such as the Panhellenic Games. The late-antique scholar Isidore of Seville, however, classifies the forms of "ludus" as "gymnicus" ("athletic"), "circensis" ("held in the circus," mainly the chariot races), "gladiatorius" ("gladiatorial") and "scaenicus" ("theatrical"). The relation of gladiatorial games to the "ludi" is complex; see Gladiator.
Politics and religion.
Originally, all "ludi" seem to have been votive offerings ("ludi votivi"), staged as the fulfillment of a vow to a deity whose favor had been sought and evidenced. In 366 BC, the "Ludi Romani" became the first games to be placed on the religious calendar as an annual event sponsored by the state as a whole. Games in the circus were preceded by a parade "(pompa circensis)" featuring the competitors, mounted youths of the Roman nobility, armed dancers, musicians, a satyr chorus, and images of the gods. As the product of military victory, "ludi" were often connected to triumphs. The first recorded "venatio" (staged beast hunt) was presented in 186 BC by M. Fulvius Nobilior as part of his "ludi votivi", for which he paid with booty displayed at his triumph.
As religious ceremonies, "ludi" were organized at first by various colleges of priests; during the Republic, they were later presented by consuls, but became most associated with the responsibilities of the aediles. Although public money was allocated for the staging of "ludi", the presiding official increasingly came to augment the splendor of his games from personal funds as a form of public relations. The sponsor was able to advertise his wealth, while declaring that he intended to share it for public benefit. Although some men with an eye on the consulship skipped the office of aedile for the very reason that massive expenditures were expected, those with sufficient resources spent lavishly to cultivate the favor of the people. The religious festivals to which the "ludi" were attached also occasioned public banquets, and often public works such as the refurbishing or building of temples.
Following the assassination of Julius Caesar at the Ides of March in 44 BC, Marcus Brutus realized that a significant segment of the "populus" regarded him not as a liberator, but as the murderer of a beloved champion, and among other gestures of goodwill toward the people, he arranged to sponsor the "Ludi Apollinares", held annually July 6–13. Caesar's heir Octavian at once upstaged him with "Ludi Victoriae Caesaris", "games in honor of Caesar's victory," which ran July 20–28 in conjunction with a festival to honor Venus Genetrix, Caesar's patron deity and divine matriarch of the Julian "gens". It was during these "ludi", which also served as funeral games, that the comet famously appeared to "announce" Caesar's newly divine status. Octavian recognized the value of the festivals in unifying the people, and as Augustus instituted new "ludi" within his program of religious reform; public spectacles and entertainments were thus subsumed by Imperial cult.
"Ludi compitalicii".
The "ludi compitalicii" ("crossroads games") were entertainments staged by the neighborhoods or community associations of Rome ("vici") in conjunction with the Compitalia, the new year festival held on movable dates between the Saturnalia and January 5 in honor of the crossroads Lares. In the late Republic, performances were held at the main intersections of neighborhoods throughout the city on the same day. During the civil wars of the 80s, these "ludi" gave rise to often unruly plebeian political expression by the neighborhood organizations. Freedmen played a leading role, and even slaves participated in the festivities.
In 67 BC, the Compitalia had been disrupted by a riot at the "ludi", which were also the scene of disturbances in 66–65 BC. This unrest on the first occasion was a response to the trial of Manilius, who had backed reforms pertaining to the voting rights of freedmen, and on the second is attached to the murky events later referred to misleadingly as the First Catilinarian Conspiracy. Along with some forms of occupational guilds ("collegia") and neighborhood associations, the "ludi compitalicii" were consequently banned by the senate in 64 BC.
An unnamed tribune of the "plebs" supported efforts to stage the "ludi" for 61 BC, but the consul-designate Metellus Celer squelched the attempt. In 58 BC, Clodius Pulcher, who had given up his patrician status to become one of the people's tribunes, restored the right of association, but even before his law was enacted, his aide Sextus Cloelius had prepared the way by organizing new-year "ludi". The consul Calpurnius Piso, father-in-law of Caesar, permitted the games, even though the organizations that ran them were still outlawed. Caesar banned the "collegia" and "ludi" again in 46 BC.
In 7 BC, Augustus reorganized Rome for administrative purposes into 265 districts which replaced but which were still called "vici". An image of the Genius of Augustus now stood between the Lares at the crossroads shrines, and the "ludi" once considered dangerously subversive became expressions of Imperial piety.
"Ludi circenses".
"Ludi circenses" were games presented in the circus. The Circus Maximus was primarily a venue for chariot races, but other athletic events, races, and beast hunts might be offered as well. The games were preceded by an opening parade, the "pompa circensis". "Ludi circenses" were regularly featured in celebrating a triumph or dedicating a major building. They were part of the most important holidays and festivals, such as the Floralia, "Ludi Romani" ("Roman Games"), and "Ludi Plebeii" ("Plebeian Games"). During the Imperial era, circus games were often added to festivals for which they were not traditionally celebrated in the Republic. Circus games were held in various provinces throughout the empire, as indicated by archaeological remains of tracks and supporting structures, although many areas would have lacked costly permanent facilities and instead erected temporary stands around suitable grounds.
List of "ludi".
The following lists of "ludi" are not exhaustive. Unless otherwise noted, the sources are Matthew Bunson, "A Dictionary of the Roman Empire" (Oxford University Press, 1995), pp. 246–247, and Roland Auguet, "Cruelty and Civilization: The Roman Games" (Routledge, 1972, 1994) pp. 212–213.
Annual "ludi".
Listed in order by month as they appear on the Roman calendar.
Single-occasion "ludi".
The following "ludi" were held only once.

</doc>
<doc id="19136236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136236" title="Frank Saker">
Frank Saker

Frank Warren Saker (August 10, 1907 – April 6, 1980) was a Canadian flatwater canoer who competed in the 1930s.
At the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, he won two medals with Harvey Charters with a silver in the C-2 10000 m and a bronze in the C-2 1000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="19136239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136239" title="False breeching">
False breeching

False breeching can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19136240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136240" title="Dewdney Peak">
Dewdney Peak

Dewdney Peak is the southwesternmost summit of the Douglas Ranges in the Lower Mainland of southern British Columbia, Canada. Located immediately above the community of the same name, from whence it got its name, it is generally known in the area unofficially as Hatzic Mountain, in relation to Hatzic Prairie on its immediate west.

</doc>
<doc id="19136244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136244" title="Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 10000 metres

These are the results of the men's K-2 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The K-2 event is raced by two-man canoe sprint kayaks.
Final.
The final took place August 11.

</doc>
<doc id="19136246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136246" title="Markaby">
Markaby

Markaby is a small Ruby library for writing HTML code in pure Ruby. It is an alternative to templating languages such as ERb and HAML which combine Ruby code with some form of markup. It was developed by anonymous computer programmer "why the lucky stiff" and its name comes from "Markup as Ruby".
Usage.
Executing the above code will render the following HTML:
Distribution.
Gem
Rails plugin
Camping.
Markaby is the templating engine used for the Camping micro web framework.

</doc>
<doc id="19136288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136288" title="Oliver F. Naquin">
Oliver F. Naquin

Rear Admiral Oliver Francis Naquin, United States Navy (March 24, 1904 – November 13, 1989) was born in New Orleans, and was a 1925 graduate of the United States Naval Academy. He was one of 33 men rescued by the McCann Rescue Chamber when the submarine sank in 240 feet of water during routine sea trials in the Atlantic Ocean off Portsmouth, New Hampshire on May 23, 1939, and was rescued in a two-day rescue operation.
USS "Squalus" disaster.
Twenty-six men (one officer, Ensign Joseph H. Patterson; 23 enlisted men; and two civilian technicians, Donald M. Smith and Charles M. Wood) were trapped in a flooded aft compartment and died. The remaining 32 naval personnel and a third civilian, naval architect Harold C. Preble, spent up to 39 hours in the sunken vessel before they were brought to the surface by the McCann Rescue Chamber which was used for the first time. Survivors of the USS "Squalus" were brought up in four trips as the diving bell rode a cable attached to the forward escape hatch of the submarine. A naval board of inquiry concluded that “a mechanical failure in the operating gear of the engine induction valve,” had caused flooding of the aft compartment. The USS "Squalus" was later salvaged, repaired and returned to sea as the renamed , receiving credit for sinking seven enemy vessels in World War II.
World War II.
Naquin also was a survivor of the attack on Pearl Harbor while aboard the battleship , which sank in shallow water after being struck a bomb and two torpedoes in the Japanese attack on December 7, 1941. During World War II, he served as navigator of the heavy cruiser in the battles of the Coral Sea and Midway. At the Battle of Tassafaronga on November 30, 1942 the cruiser was struck by a Japanese torpedo, which detonated the ship's forward magazines and gasoline tanks and the ensuing explosion severed 150 ft of her bow forward of turret #2. The severed bow, including turret #1, swung around the port side and crushed several holes in the "New Orleans"' hull before it sank at the stern and damaged the port inboard propeller. Naquin guided the ship to Tulagi Harbor, which was reached near daybreak on December 1, 1942 for repairs and was awarded a Bronze Star for his role in saving the vessel.
Naquin played two roles in the sinking of the . His first role as Port Director was to not inform Capt. Charles Butler McVay III of enemy submarine activity along the route from Guam to Leyte and to refuse a request for escort, making this the first time a cruiser had traveled the Philippine Sea unescorted. The trip was approximately 1,500 miles; when the USS "Indianapolis" sunk it was 300 miles from land. The second role Naquin played was to not follow through on being notified of a distress call from a ship in the approximate area where the USS "Indianapolis" would be, even once he was made aware that the USS "Indianapolis" was seriously overdue. His justification was that it was Navy policy to confirm a distress call and his Office sent out a reply message but did not get a return message. The reason for this policy was that the Navy wanted to be sure that the call was not an enemy trap. There were many high-ranking officers who had knowledge of the route and schedule of the USS "Indianapolis" voyage from Tinian to Guam to Leyte and were anticipating word of the ship's arrival in Leyte. There are many scenarios where, under proper Navy procedure the survivors could have been found at least approximately 24 hours before they were, and as soon as twenty-four hours after the sinking of the ship, which would have been forty-eight hours earlier. They were not found until a pilot on routine patrol spotted them by accident approximately seventy-one hours after the incident. It took another two days for everybody to be rescued. The crew consisted of 1,196 young men in their late teens and early twenties. Approximately 300 went down with the ship and 317 survived. That means approximately 550–600 were lost at sea, mostly to the sharks. The twenty-four or forty-eight hour difference would have saved hundreds of lives, and, of course, if there had been an escort with submarine detection capability, perhaps, all could have been saved.
Post-war.
Naquin held several high staff positions after the war and was the chief naval officer in the Military Assistance Advisory Group in Britain, at his retirement on July 1, 1955 after a 34-year career in the Navy. He lived in Arlington, Virginia.
He died on November 13, 1989, at age 85, of pancreatic cancer at Andrews Air Force Base Hospital and was buried in Section 5 of Arlington National Cemetery.
References.
Notes.
Obituary, "New York Times", November 15. 1989
Barrows, Nathaniel A. "Blow All Ballast! The Story of the Squalus." New York: Dodd, Mead & Co, 1940. 
"Department's Report on "Squalus" Disaster". Washington: U.S. G.P.O., 1939. 
Gray, Edwyn. "Disasters of the Deep: A Comprehensive Survey of Submarine Accidents and Disasters." Annapolis, Md: Naval Institute Press, 2003. 
Naval Historical Center (U.S.)." USS Squalus (SS-192) The Sinking, Rescue of Survivors, and Subsequent Salvage, 1939." Washington, D.C.: Naval Historical Center, 1998. http://www.history.navy.mil/faqs/faq99-1.htm
LaVO, Carl. "Back from the Deep: The Strange Story of the Sister Subs Squalus and Sculpin." Annapolis, Md: Naval Institute Press, 1994.
Mariners' Museum (Newport News, Va.). "Salvage of the Squalus: Clippings from Newspapers, May 25, 1939 – January 20, 1941". Newport News, Va: Mariners' Museum, 1942. 
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard (U.S.). "Technical Report of the Salvage of U.S.S. Squalus." Portsmouth, N.H.: U.S. Navy Yard, 1939. 
"Falcon" (Salvage ship), and Albert R. Behnke. "Log of Diving During Rescue and Salvage Operations of the USS Squalus: Diving Log of USS Falcon", 24 May 1939-12 September 1939. Kensington, Maryland: Reprinted by Undersea & Hyperbaric Medical Society, 2001
Maas, Peter. "The Rescuer." New York: Harper & Row, 1967. 
"Diving in the U.S. Navy a brief history." http://purl.access.gpo.gov/GPO/LPS88384
Maas, Peter. "The Terrible Hours: The Man Behind the Greatest Submarine Rescue in History." New York: HarperCollins Publishers, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19136290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136290" title="Wendy Macpherson">
Wendy Macpherson

Wendy Macpherson (born January 28, 1968) is an American ten-pin bowler. 
Macpherson was born in Walnut Creek, California and currently lives in Henderson, Nevada. She won twenty titles with the Professional Women's Bowling Association between 1986 and 2003 and was a four-time Bowling Writers Association of America Female Bowler of the Year. She is the all-time leader in career PWBA earnings ($1,232,910 U.S.).
Macpherson won her first pro title at age 18 in the U.S. Women's Open, and also won the USBC Queens event three times. In 2006, she became the only female bowler to win a USBC Open Championships title when she fired an 812 series in the singles competition. In December, 2008, Macpherson was elected to the USBC Hall of Fame for Superior Performance.
Macpherson has also competed in the PBA Women's Series, which is sponsored by the USBC. Making the field of 16 for the Bayer Earl Anthony Medford Classic as an alternate in January, 2009, she eventually won the title over previous Women's Series champion Stefanie Nation, 199-184.
Macpherson is currently a member of the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA), and an associate member of the Japan Professional Bowling Association. Within the JPBA, she has earned ten titles, including the 2010 ABS Japan Open where she scored a 300 game in the final match.

</doc>
<doc id="19136298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136298" title="Charley One-Eye">
Charley One-Eye

Charley One-Eye is a 1973 British-American film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Richard Roundtree, Roy Thinnes and Nigel Davenport. It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19136316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136316" title="Benjamin F. Feinberg">
Benjamin F. Feinberg

Benjamin Franklin Feinberg (October 23, 1888 – February 6, 1959) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Temporary President of the New York State Senate from 1944 to 1949.
Life.
He was born on October 23, 1888, in Malone, Franklin County, New York. Later he lived in Plattsburgh.
He was a member of the New York State Senate from 1933 to 1949, sitting in the 156th, 157th, 158th, 159th, 160th, 161st, 162nd, 163rd, 164th, 165th, 166th and 167th New York State Legislatures; and was Temporary President from 1944 to 1949. 
He was a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1938. He was an alternate delegate to the 1940 Republican National Convention, and a delegate to the 1944 and 1948 Republican National Conventions.
In 1949, he sponsored the Feinberg Bill, an act to purge Communist and fellow traveler teachers from the State public-school system. The bill required the Regents of the State School Board to draw up a list of all subversive organizations. Membership in such organizations was sufficient grounds for summary removal. The regents were also empowered to dismiss school employees for the "utterance of any treasonable or seditious word...or the doing of any treasonable or seditious act..." regardless of their affiliations.
On March 30, 1949, he was appointed Chairman of the New York State Public Service Commission, and remained in office until 1958.
He died on February 6, 1959, in Royal Victoria Hospital in Montreal, Canada, of kidney disease.
He was instrumental in the founding of the State University of New York, and the Library at SUNY Plattsburgh is named after him.
Sources.
 

</doc>
<doc id="19136329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136329" title="Carlton Chambers">
Carlton Chambers

Carlton Chambers (born June 27, 1975) is a retired sprint athlete from Canada, and a winner of gold medal in 4x100 m relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He ran in the preliminary heats, however a groin injury prevented him from running in the final race which was won by Robert Esmie, Glenroy Gilbert, Bruny Surin, and Donovan Bailey. He had a personal best of 10.30 in the 100 metres.
Early career.
Chambers first started track when he entered grade nine at Malton's Ascension of our Lord Catholic Secondary School in September 1990. Born in June 1975, he was 15 years old as of Sept 1 of that year and competed as a junior, where most 15 year olds compete in the younger midget boy category. With little coaching or training Chambers ran to a 10.84 and a silver medal in the 100m at the O.F.S.A.A. (Ontario Federation of Schools Athletic Association) in June of '91. The race finished with the first five junior boys within 0.02 seconds of each other.
That year Mark Guthrie of the Brampton Track Club approached the 5'6" sprinter and suggested that he join the club. Chambers didn't show up to most of the practices until May of the following year - 1992. That year going into O.F.S.A.A., Chambers relied on his natural ability rather than his training preparation. He won the junior boys 100m in 10.99 and Guthrie knew he has a star on his hands.
From then on Chambers trained more regularly and enjoyed quite a lot of success at O.T.F.A. (Ontario Track and Field Association) meets. At the beginning of the '93 high school track season Chambers was preparing himself with Guthrie for the first of three possible senior boys 100's, as he was only in grade 11 at this time. But the Catholic separate school board had a "work to rule" strike and as a result Chambers' school did not send athletes to O.F.S.A.A.
The following indoor season hambers trained intently and won a 60m Gold medal at the York University high school Track and Field invitational. Chambers ran a hand-timed 10.2 at the city track meet (ROPSSAA) and he went to the O.F.S.A.A. ranked #1 in the province. There the 100m record had once been set at 10.55 by Yorkdale S.S.'s Ben Johnson and was later broken by Sudbury LaSalle's Robert Esmie when he ran 10.50 in 1990. Carlton ran to a legal, non wind-aided, time of 10.41 seconds. In the final, Eric Frempong of Martingrove C.I. ran a wind-aided 10.36 to win Bronze, and Dave Tomlin of Grand River ran 10.30 for Silver. Carlton Chambers then claimed the O.F.S.A.A. Gold with his 10.27w time.
NCAA.
After his time in the O.F.S.A.A. Chambers signed on at Clemson University with a full track scholarship.
The summer of 1994 saw Chambers win a Silver medal at the Canadian Juniors behind defending champion Frempong. This qualified him for the World Juniors in Portugal. There he ran a new Canadian Junior record, breaking Desai Williams' 16 year old 10.32 with a 10.30, 5th place finish. Chambers got his first international relay experience as the Canadian Junior 4x100m team of Chambers, Frempong, Dave Tomlin and Chris Robinson won Bronze in 39.90. That same summer he was selected to run the third leg of the Commonwealth 4x100m relay where he handed the baton off to Bruny Surin who ran it in for Gold.
After two years at Clemson, Carlton went to the 1996 NCAA championships and ran to a fourth place in the 100m with a time of 10.19. Ato Boldon of UCLA won the race and later went to the 1996 Olympic Games and ran a 9.90 100m in Atlanta to win bronze.
1996 Olympics.
In Atlanta, Chambers ran the heats in the 4 x 100m relay. In the final Chambers was replaced by Robert Esmie, who lead off the relay. Canada won the gold medal in 37.69 seconds, defeating the United States and establishing a national record in the event. Chambers had suffered a groin injury running the 200m, and the switch with Esmie was made.
In 2008, Carlton Chambers, along with his 4x100m relay teammates from the 1996 Atlanta Olympics were inducted into the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19136337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136337" title="Jim Hougan">
Jim Hougan

James Richard Hougan (born October 14, 1942) is an American author, investigative reporter and documentary film producer. A best-selling novelist in both the United States and Europe, his books have been translated into more than a dozen languages. He is best known for "Secret Agenda," perhaps the first investigative work to question the orthodox narrative of the Watergate scandal as propounded by the "Washington Post".
Born James Richard Edwards in Brooklyn, N.Y., he graduated from William Horlick High School in Racine, Wisconsin (1960). In 1966, he earned a degree in philosophy from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. Soon afterwards, he wed Carolyn A. Johnson and began work as a newspaper reporter and photographer for the Prince George's "Sentinel" in suburban Maryland. After winning awards from the Maryland-Delaware Press Association, he joined the "Capitol Times" newspaper in Madison, Wisconsin. In 1971, while working at the "Cap Times" and as a stringer for the "New York Times", he was named an Alicia Patterson and Rockefeller Foundation fellow. Reporting from Mexico City, Amsterdam, Ibiza, Athens, and London, his articles for the two foundations about "contemporary Western youth movements" were published in an array of national newspapers and magazines. During this time, while covering counter-cultural movements in the West, he reported as well on the massacre of student dissidents in Mexico City's Tlatelolco Square and on the violent repression of their Greek counterparts by the military junta in Athens. Both assignments were considered dangerous.
Hougan is also an award-winning investigative journalist and broadcaster. He lives in Afton, Virginia.
Works.
Hougan's first book, "Decadence", was published soon after his return from Europe. His second book, "Spooks", reported on the "metastasis" of the American intelligence community and the emerging "cryptocracy." In its review, the "Los Angeles Times" declared "Spooks" "one of the best non-fiction books of the year, a monument of fourth-level research and fact-searching." Howard Hughes, Robert Maheu, Robert Vesco, Aristotle Onassis, and Yoshio Kodama were among the book's more infamous subjects, but its most important contribution to the investigative canon may have been its reportage about lesser known intelligence agents such as Bernard Spindel, Lou Russell, Mitch WerBell, John Frank, Joseph Shimon and others.
Aa Washington Editor of "Harper's Magazine" (1979–84), Hougan wrote extensively about the U.S. intelligence community, and the CIA in particular. His investigation of the Watergate break-in uncovered links between the Democratic National Committee (DNC) headquarters in the Watergate office building and a call-girl ring at a nearby apartment complex. This liaison arrangement, coupled with evidence implicating the CIA in the operation, led to the publication of "Secret Agenda: Watergate, Deep Throat and the CIA." A Book of the Month Club selection, "Secret Agenda" was chosen by the New York "Times" as "one of the year's most noteworthy books." Throughout this period, Hougan made numerous radio and television appearances on such programs as NPR's "All Things Considered", "The Today Show", "Good Morning America", and programs hosted by Larry King, Tom Snyder, and Regis Philbin.
In the mid-1980s, Hougan joined author Sally Denton in forming a Washington-based company – Hougan & Denton – which undertook investigative research for law firms and labor unions. Clients included the AFL-CIO, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW), the United Mineworkers of America, and the Service Employees International Union (SEIU). During this same time, Hougan joined with Norman Mailer and Edward Jay Epstein in forming what Hougan characterized as "an invisible salon," but which the "New York Times" called "a small coterie of intelligence buffs, conspiracy theorists and meta-political speculators, who, with all proper self-mockery, call themselves 'the Dynamite Club.'" The group met irregularly at the Manhattan apartment of Edward Jay Epstein and at the Washington manse of Bernard "Bud" Fensterwald (founder of the Assassination Archives and Research Center in Washington, D.C.). Attendees included Dick Russell (author of "The Man Who Knew Too Much"), Don DeLillo ("Libra" and "Underworld"), Kevin Coogan ("Dreamer of the Day"), G. Gordon Liddy ("Will") and others. At the time, Hougan was helping Mailer in his research for what became Mailer's CIA novel, "Harlot's Ghost". And while Mailer referred to these informal gatherings – drinks and dinner – as "meetings," the affairs had more in common with those of a salon than of an actual "club." 
In early 1991, Hougan was retained as a private investigator by AFL-CIO's Industrial Union Department (IUD) and by the United Steelworkers of America (USWA). At stake were the jobs of more than 1700 workers at the Ravenswood Aluminum Corporation (RAC) in Ravenswood, West Virginia – a demographic that constituted the majority of the town's workforce. Hougan discovered that the plant from which the workers had been locked-out was secretly controlled by Marc Rich, a fugitive billionaire and commodities broker then resident in Zug, Switzerland. For the next two years, Hougan led the investigative component of an international campaign marked by demonstrations in Switzerland and England, and by congressional hearings in Washington and parliamentary speeches in Bern. In the Summer of 1992, Rich finally capitulated and the Steelworkers returned to their jobs. The Ravenswood campaign has since been called "one of the most innovative and sophisticated contract campaigns ever waged by an American union. What happened in this small West Virginia town serves as a beacon of hope for American workers..."
With the successful closure of the Ravenswood campaign, Hougan returned to investigative reporting, documentaries and books. In 1993, he became one of the first – if not the first – American journalist to return to Beirut after years of internecine warfare, kidnappings and bombings. On assignment for the television documentary program, "60 Minutes", Hougan and Lowell Bergman paved the way for Mike Wallace to interview three of Hezbollah's most powerful figures: its spiritual leader, Sheik Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah; its former Secretary-General and suspected head of Ansar Allah, Sheik Subhi al-Tufayli; and Hussein Mussawi, an Iranian agent and head of Islamic Amal. Both Musawi and Tufayli have been implicated in the Lebanon's torturous Hostage Crisis. The segment - "Three Days in Beirut" - aired in 1994. Hougan continued to work for "60 Minutes" over the next two years, after which he returned to writing books.
These were thrillers, all but one written with his wife, the novelist Carolyn Hougan, using the pseudonym, "John Case." The first of these of was "The Genesis Code," a "New York Times" best-seller. "The First Horseman" followed a year later. "Kingdom Come" was published under his own name in 2000, and was subsequently reprinted as "The Magdalen Cipher" after becoming a runaway bestseller in Spain. To date, his subsequent novels- all written under the John Case pseudonym – include "The Syndrome" (2002); "The Eighth Day" (2002); "The Murder Artist" (2004); and "Ghost Dancer" (2007). All were published in the U.S. by Ballantine Books, a division of Random House, Inc., as well as by publishers in Europe, Asia, South America, Australia and New Zealand. Writing with his wife as "John Case," Hougan has twice been short-listed for the Hammett Prize, honoring literary excellence in crime writing.

</doc>
<doc id="19136340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136340" title="Nayi language">
Nayi language

Nayi (also known as "Nao") is an Omotic language of the Afro-Asiatic language family spoken in western Ethiopia. The 2007 census listed 1998 census listed 7,188 speakers; the 1998 census 3,656 speakers, with 1,137 identified as monolinguals.
Most of the speakers of the language live in two separated areas. The largest grouping live in Decha woreda of the Keffa Zone. The nearest city to their region is Bonga. A few in Dulkuma village of the Shoa Bench woreda, some in Sheko woreda having moved there in 1976-1977 as a result of conflicts between local feudal lords and the military government (Aklilu 2002:4). In Decha, young people no longer speak the language.
The language is notable for its retroflex consonants (Aklilu Yilma 1988), a striking feature shared with closely related Dizi, Sheko and nearby (but not closely related) Bench. The language has 5 vowels that can be long or short. The question of the status of a short mid central vowel is still unresolved. There are three phonemic tones and syllabic nasal consonants. There are ejective stops and affricates, but no implosives (Aklilu 2002:6,7).
Nayi, together with the Dizi and Sheko languages, is part of a cluster of languages variously called "Maji" or "Dizoid".

</doc>
<doc id="19136342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136342" title="2009 North Indian Ocean cyclone season">
2009 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 2009 North Indian Ocean cyclone season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation. The North Indian Ocean cyclone season has no official bounds, but cyclones tend to form between April and December, with peaks in May and November. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northern Indian Ocean.
The scope of this article is limited to the Indian Ocean in the Northern Hemisphere, east of the Horn of Africa and west of the Malay Peninsula. There are two main seas in the North Indian Ocean — the Arabian Sea to the west of the Indian subcontinent, abbreviated "ARB" by the India Meteorological Department (IMD); and the Bay of Bengal to the east, abbreviated "BOB" by the IMD.
The official Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre in this basin is the India Meteorological Department (IMD), while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center releases unofficial advisories. The tropical cyclone scale for this basin is detailed on the right. On average, 4 to 6 storms form in this basin every season.
__TOC__
Storms.
Cyclonic Storm Bijli.
On April 13, an area of shower and thunderstorms became slightly organized over the central Bay of Bengal. Later that day, an area of low pressure developed underneath the convection as the system developed. Weak banding features also formed around the periphery of the storm. By April 14, deep convection persisted around the center of circulation; following the development the RSMC in New Delhi, India designated the system as Depression BOB 01. Following further development, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) as they anticipated the system to develop into a tropical storm. Early the next morning the JTWC reported that the depression had intensified into a tropical storm and designated it as Cyclone 01B. The storm tracked towards the west-northwest due to a mid-level ridge over India. Later that morning RSMC New Delhi reported that the depression had intensified into a deep depression and reported it was expected to intensify into Cyclonic Storm Bijli. Around 1500 UTC, the RSMC New Delhi upgraded the system to a cyclonic storm and gave it the name Bijli. All four ports in Orissa were placed on high alert due to rough seas produced by the storm. A Local Cautionary Signal Number Three was issued for the Gopalpur, Puri, Paradeep and Chandabali ports. On April 16, the storm turned towards the northeast, paralleling the eastern coast of India. Around 0600 UTC, RSMC New Delhi reported that Bijli had reached its peak intensity with winds of 75 km/h (45 mph 3-minute winds). Early on April 17, RSMC New Delhi reported that Bijli had weakened to a deep depression as it moved northwest. Later, RSMC New Delhi downgraded the deep depression to a depression. Late on April 17, RSMC New Delhi reported that Depression ex-Bijli had made landfall near Chittagong, Bangladesh and had rapidly become an area of low pressure over Bangladesh. Maximum wind of 30 knots (56 km/hr) was reported by Cox Bazar and 3 people were killed in Bangladesh. That night, the JTWC issued their final advisory on Tropical Cyclone 01B as it rapidly weakened over Bangladesh and Myammar.
Bijli developed as a depression during first fortnight of April.Climatologically, cyclogenesis during first fortnight of April is rare. Only ten cyclones have developed over the Bay of Bengal during 1891-2008.
Severe Cyclonic Storm Aila.
Late on May 21, the JTWC reported that a Tropical Disturbance had persisted about 515 nm to the south of Kolkata, India. The disturbance at this time had a broad and poorly organised area of deep convection, which was located to the southeast of the low level circulation center which had consolidated into a single circulation during the previous 12 hours. Environmental analysis indicated that the system was in an area of favorable conditions to develop with low vertical wind shear and warm sea surface temperatures. During May 22 the disturbance developed further with a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert being issued early the next day by the JTWC as the low level circulation center had become stronger and more defined. Later that morning RSMC New Delhi designated the disturbance as Depression BOB 02.
The Cyclone crossed the West Bengal coast close to the east of Sagar Island between 0800 & 0900 UTC as a severe cyclonic storm on 25 May. Kalaikunda in West Bengal recorded maximum wind of 112 km/hr. Singlabazar recorded 320 mm rainfall in 48 hrs between 26 and 27 May.
Depression ARB 01.
Early on June 21, the JTWC reported that an area of low pressure had persisted about 675 km, (420 miles), southwest of Mumbai, India. Multispectral imagery showed that the disturbance had a developing low level circulation center with convection flaring over it and was in an area of low vertical wind shear. Over the next couple of days the disturbance developed gradually with a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert being issued early on June 23 as the disturbance had continued to organize and consolidated over the last couple of hours. RSMC New Delhi then reported later that morning that Depression ARB 01 had formed and was expected to intensify into a Deep Depression before making landfall, however the depression did not intensify any further before making landfall on the south Gujarat coast near Diu. The JTWC then cancelled their Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert, with the IMD issuing their final advisory later that day. It hovered over Gujarat as a well marked area of low pressure before moving towards the northeast and re-emerged into the Arabian sea and regenerated into a Depression. Tropical Depression ARB 01 dissipated early on June 26.
Unusually strong lightning storms associated with the depression killed at least nine people in Gujarat. Officials in the region warned residents about the likelihood of severe flooding from the depression. Sutrapada in Gujarat got 250 mm rainfall in 48 hrs between 24 & 25 June.
Depression ARB 02.
Early on June 25 at 0900 UTC, the remnants of Depression ARB 01 emerged into the Arabian Sea, and intensified into Depression ARB 02. The storm moved northward, weakened, and maintained its intensity, as a well marked low pressure area over Kutch, and neighbouring areas at 0000 UTC on 26 June 2009. Saurashtra and Kutch experienced active monsoon condition under the influence of this system. Like its parent system, it was mostly monitored by the synoptic and satellite analysis. It was short lived system with a life period of about 25 hours. As a result it did not have any significant impact on rainfall, except over Saurashtra & Kutch.
Moving in a north-northwesterly direction, the Depression, which was located over Saurashtra, Kutch, and neighbouring areas, which was the system, re-intensified into the depression over northeast Arabian Sea, and lay centred near lat. 22.50N/long. 68.50E about 50 km west-northwest of Dwarka and 300 km south-southeast of Karachi at 0900 UTC on 25 June. Moving slowing in a northerly direction, the system weakened into a well marked low pressure area at 0000 UTC on 26 June, over Kutch and its neighbouring regions. But later on June 26, Depression ARB 02 dissipated completely. Mangrol in Gujarat got 130 mm rainfall on 27 June.
Deep Depression BOB 03.
Early on July 20, RSMC New Delhi reported that Depression BOB 03 had formed about 120 km (75miles) to the southeast of Digha. Convection had been gradually organizing itself over the last 12 hours, and was in an area of low to moderate vertical wind shear. The Depression then intensified further and became a Deep Depression that afternoon before making landfall crossed north Orissa-West Bengal coast between Balasore and Digha during 1600 and 1700 UTC later that day. The Deep Depression gradually weakened before becoming a low pressure area early the next day. Binika in Orissa got 220 mm rainfall on 21 July. Around 43 people lost their lives in the state of Orissa.
The remnants of this storm caused heavy to very heavy downpour in coastal Pakistan.
Deep Depression BOB 04.
Early on September 3, the IMD reported that an area of low pressure had formed embedded within the monsoon off the Orissa coastline. During the next day it developed further with the IMD reporting that the low pressure area had become well marked with deep convection starting to consolidate around a developing low level circulation center in an area of moderate vertical wind shear. Early on September 5, as the area of low pressure was moving into an area of low vertical windshear the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert, whilst the IMD reported that the low pressure area had intensified into a Depression. Later that day the IMD reported that the depression had intensified further and had become a Deep Depression, whilst the JTWC designated the depression as a Cyclone 03B, with winds equivalent to a tropical storm. However the JTWC's first warning was also their final warning as the cyclone had made landfall near Digha in West Bengal and was expected to dissipate later that day. However the IMD kept issuing advisories on the deep depression until early on September 7, when the IMD reported that it had weakened into a depression and then into a well marked low pressure area later that day when they stopped issuing advisories on the depression whilst it was located over Jharkhand and adjoining region of Chhattisgarh.
One person drowned in Digha after being swept away by high waters. Berhampur got 210 mm rainfall on 6 September.
Cyclonic Storm Phyan.
Cyclonic Storm Phyan developed as a tropical disturbance to the southwest of Colombo in Sri Lanka late on November 4, 2009. Over the next couple of days the disturbance gradually developed before weakening as it made landfall on Southern India on November 7. After the disturbance had emerged into the Arabian Sea late n November 8 it rapidly became more marked with the India Meteorological Department (IMD) reporting early on November 9 that the disturbance had intensified into a Depression and designated it as Depression ARB 03 whilst the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert. Later that day the JTWC designated the system as Cyclone 04A. During the next day as the Depression turned towards the northeast the IMD reported that it had intensified into a Cyclonic Storm and named it as Phyan. Chandwad in Maharashtra recorded 240 mm rainfall in 48 hrs between 11 and 12 November. The maximum wind 68 km/hr was reported at Pune at the time of land fall. However the coastal areas recorded 75 km/hr winds. Seven persons died and about 44 fishermen were missing due to cyclone.
Phyan as a tropical disturbance gave heavy rainfall to Tamil Nadu. Kethi in Nilgiris district of Tamil Nadu got 82 cm in 24 hours, beating the previous 24 hour rainfall record for Tamil Nadu. In 72 hrs, Kethi recorded 1171 mm making it as the 5th wettest Cyclone in India 
Cyclonic Storm Ward.
On December 10, RSMC New Delhi announced that Depression BOB 05 had formed, about 400 km east-southeast of Batticaloa, Sri Lanka. The next day it strengthened to become Cyclonic Storm Ward. After wandering some time to the east of Sri Lanka, the system made landfall near Trincomalee on December 14 as a Deep Depression. Cyclonic Storm Ward dissipated completely on December 16. Sirkali in Tamil Nadu recorded 140 mm rainfall on 15 December. The maximum wind of 25 knots (46 km/hr) was reported by Pamban observatory in coastal Tamil Nadu.
Season effects.
This is a table of the storms in 2009 and their landfall(s), if any; the table does not include storms that did not make landfall, which is defined as the center of the storm moving over a landmass. Deaths in parentheses are additional and indirect (an example of an indirect death would be a traffic accident), but are still storm-related. Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical or a wave or low.

</doc>
<doc id="19136347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136347" title="Day of the Assassin">
Day of the Assassin

Day of the Assassin is a 1979 action film. A Spanish, Mexican and American co-production, it was filmed in Spain, directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith. It starred Chuck Connors, Susana Dosamantes, Glenn Ford and Richard Roundtree.
Trenchard-Smith says making the movie was one of his craziest directing experiences:
All directors, at some point in their career trajectory, find themselves hanging on to a runaway train; despite best efforts, things turn to custard on a daily basis. More often than not, The Movie from Hell is a co-production. Foreign locale, fast money, giant egos, high pressure schedule – all make a volatile witches’ brew, even before you factor in deep rooted national resentments. A co-production is a business model designed to diminish trust between nations. this film Mexico, Spain, and the US were the partners, which meant that the Spaniards felt superior to their Mexican brothers, and the Americans felt superior to everybody. Each country gave undertakings to deliver certain elements of cast or crew. Disputes arose immediately. The American director bailed when his deposit failed to arrive. His agent, who was also mine, immediately slotted me in there, so within a day, the American producers, unbeknownst to me, offered their partners a replacement director: “the man who made the last Bruce Lee movie.” I had in fact made a documentary about the late Bruce Lee, “The World of Kung Fu.” The Mexicans thought they were getting "Enter the Dragon" director, Robert Clouse. Their disappointment was palpable when this misrepresentation became clear on the first day of prep in Mexico City. Must say, my sphincter tightened a little too. I had arrived in a war zone.

</doc>
<doc id="19136356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136356" title="Yumi (name)">
Yumi (name)

Possible writings.
Yumi can be written using different kanji characters and as a given name can mean:
The given name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19136360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136360" title="Huber (disambiguation)">
Huber (disambiguation)

Huber is a surname of German origin.
Huber may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19136361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136361" title="USS West Apaum (ID-3221)">
USS West Apaum (ID-3221)

USS "West Apaum" (ID-3221) was a cargo ship in the United States Navy during World War I. She had been built as SS "West Apaum" for the United States Shipping Board (USSB) as part of the "West" boats, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States.
"West Apaum" sailed on three voyages for the US Navy, two after the Armistice, before she was decommissioned in July 1919. Though little is available regarding "West Apaum"s civilian career, it is known that she was sailing on a New York – Rotterdam route in early 1927. By early 1929, "West Apaum" had been laid up by the USSB, which abandoned her in 1933. The cargo ship was scrapped in the second quarter of that same year.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the United States Shipping Board for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Apaum", one of some 24 "West" ships built by Skinner & Eddy of Seattle, Washington.
"West Apaum" (Skinner & Eddy No. 23, USSB No. 88) was laid down on 19 March 1918, launched on 23 May, and delivered to the Navy upon completion on 19 June. "West Apaum" was built in a total of 78 working days, 92 calendar days, and was tied with three other ships for tenth place on a list of the ten fastest constructed ocean-going vessels compiled in 1920. Skinner & Eddy received a $25,000 bonus for completing the ship early. 
The ship was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. "West Apaum" had a steel hull and a mean draft of . She displaced 12,226 t, and had a deadweight tonnage of . The ship had a single triple-expansion steam engine powered by three coal-fired boilers that drove her single screw propeller, and moved the ship at a pace.
Military career.
USS "West Apaum" (ID-3221) was commissioned into the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS) on 20 June 1918 with Lieutenant Commander J. S. Gibson, USNRF, in command.
"West Apaum" departed Bremerton, Washington, on 27 June for Arica, Chile, to take on a cargo of nitrates for the United States. Sailing from there via the Panama Canal, "West Apaum" arrived at Savannah, Georgia, on 9 September. From there she sailed for Hampton Roads, Virginia, where she arrived on 10 October. Eight days later, loaded with rolling stock, steel rails, and other general cargo for the United States Army, the cargo ship sailed for France. Delayed at Halifax for repairs to her damaged propeller, "West Apaum" finally entered the harbor at La Pallice on 22 November, 11 days after the Armistice.
"West Apaum" unloaded her railroad goods, loaded of Army cargo, and headed for the United States on 13 December. She arrived at Hampton Roads on 3 January 1919. "West Apaum" made two more voyages to France under Navy control. On her final voyage, she carried airplane materials to France and returned of Army ordnance to New York on 11 July. On 25 July, "West Apaum" was decommissioned and returned to the USSB.
Civilian career.
Little is known about "West Apaum"s subsequent civilian career. In the first quarter of 1927, it is known that "West Apaum" was sailing on a New York – Rotterdam route. While in this service, "The New York Times", in one of just a few mentions the ship received in contemporary news coverage, reported on the transfer of one of "West Apaum"s crew members to the United States Lines ocean liner at sea. The crewman had fallen into an open hatchway and had fractured his skull. The two ships, located some west of New York, came within of each other and the injured man was loaded on to a boat from "Republic" in the heavy seas. The crewman, though successfully transferred to "Republic", died several hours later.
By early 1929, "West Apaum" had been laid up, and was under consideration by the USSB for the installation of pulverized coal-fired boilers for testing purposes, but lost out on the honor to . No further information on "West Apaum"s career is available, but it is known that she was abandoned by the USSB in 1933, and scrapped in the second quarter of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19136371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136371" title="Alarmone">
Alarmone

Alarmone is an intracellular signal molecule that is produced due to harsh environmental factors. They regulate the gene expression at transcription level. Alarmones are produced in high concentrations when harsh environmental factors occur in bacteria and plants, such as lack of amino acids to produce proteins. Stringent factors take uncharged tRNA and convert it to an alarmone. Guanosine-5'-triphosphate (GTP) is then converted to 5´-diphosphate 3´-diphosphate guanosine (ppGpp), the archetypical alarmone. ppGpp will bind to RNA polymerase β and β´subunits, changing promoter preference. It will decrease rRNA and other genes transcription but will increase transcription of genes involved in aminoacid biosynthesis and metabolisms involved in famine.

</doc>
<doc id="19136375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136375" title="Afghanistan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Afghanistan at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Afghanistan participated in the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. It was the country's first participation in the Paralympic Games. Afghanistan was represented by two athletes, Gul Afzal and Zabet Khan, who both competed in road cycling. Neither athlete won a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19136387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136387" title="Thiruvasakam in Symphony">
Thiruvasakam in Symphony

Thiruvasakam in Symphony (2005) is an oratorio composed and orchestrated by Ilaiyaraaja. Thiruvasagam is a collection of ancient Tamil poems written by Manikkavacakar. They were transcribed partially in English by American lyricist Stephen Schwartz. The oratorio was performed by the Budapest Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="19136396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136396" title="Soul of a Man (Eric Burdon album)">
Soul of a Man (Eric Burdon album)

Soul of a Man is a 2006 R&B album by Eric Burdon. It is dedicated to Ray Charles, John Lee Hooker and the city of New Orleans. It follows his 2004 comeback album "My Secret Life" and the 2005 live album & DVD "Athens Traffic Live".
It reached No. 43 on the German and No. 165 on the French album chart.
The album was recorded within one week.
The cover was drawn by a fan.
The song "Feeling Blue" was written by Eric Bibb. "Slow Moving Train" is a song he first performed in early 2005. It's dedicated to U.S. President John F. Kennedy. In 2008 he wanted to shoot a video of it, which never was done yet. Burdon also covered two songs by the folk-singer-songwriter David Munyon; "GTO" features a bass solo and a spoken intro and "Never Give Up Blues" shows him in melancholy.

</doc>
<doc id="19136404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136404" title="Groapa Beclani River">
Groapa Beclani River

The Groapa Beclani River is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19136413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136413" title="1910 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1910 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1910 was the 24th series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Wexford won the championship, beating Limerick 7-0 to 6-2 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Quarter-finals:" (2 matches) These are two lone matches that see the Leinster representatives play London and the Ulster representatives play Glasgow. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The two winning teams from the quarter-finals join the Connacht and Munster representtaives to make up the semi-final pairings. The two quarter-final-winning teams play in one semi-final while the second semi-final is a Connacht-Munster game. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the All-Ireland final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19136419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136419" title="1921 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1921 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1921 was the 35th series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Limerick won the championship, beating Dublin 8-5 to 3-2 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (1 match) This was a lone match which saw the winners of the Munster championship play Galway who received a bye to this stage. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the lone semi-final played the winners of the Leinste championship. The winners were declared All-Ireland champions. 

</doc>
<doc id="19136424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136424" title="Ludus (disambiguation)">
Ludus (disambiguation)

Ludus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19136430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136430" title="1920 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1920 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The 1920 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 34th staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887. The championship began on 9 May 1920 and ended on 14 May 1922.
Cork were the defending champions, however, they were defeated by Dublin by 4-9 to 4-3 in the final.
The final stages of the championship were delayed due to the ongoing War of Independence.
Teams.
A total of fourteen teams contested the championship, the same as the previous championship, however, there were some changes of personnel, with Westmeath replacing Laois in the Leinster Senior Hurling Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19136437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136437" title="1917 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1917 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1917 was the 31st series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Dublin won the championship, beating Tipperary 5-4 to 4-2 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the Leinster and Munster championships contested this game. The winner was declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19136444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136444" title="Yosef Shapira">
Yosef Shapira

Yosef Shapira (, 26 December 1926 – 28 December 2013) was an Israeli politician and educator who served as Minister without Portfolio between 1984 and 1988, although he was never a member of the Knesset.
Born in Jerusalem during the Mandate era, Shapira was amongst the leadership of Bnei Akiva and the National Religious Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19136447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136447" title="Andrew Matjila">
Andrew Matjila

Andrew Matjila (born 1932) is a Namibian politician. A member of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance, Matjila took part in the Transitional Government of National Unity from 1985-1989. Matjila also was a member of the Constituent Assembly of Namibia and the 1st National Assembly of Namibia with the DTA.

</doc>
<doc id="19136448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136448" title="Brian Peaker">
Brian Peaker

Brian Ronald Peaker (born May 26, 1959 in London, Ontario) is a retired rower from Canada. He won the silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the Men's Lightweight Coxless Fours, alongside Jeffrey Lay, Dave Boyes, and Gavin Hassett.

</doc>
<doc id="19136455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136455" title="1918 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1918 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1918 was the 32nd series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Limerick won the championship, beating Wexford 9-5 to 1-3 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the Leinster and Munster championships contested this game. The winner was declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19136461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136461" title="Electoral district of Forrestfield">
Electoral district of Forrestfield

Forrestfield is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia, based in the eastern suburbs of Perth.
Politically, the district is a marginal one.
Geography.
Based in the eastern suburbs of Perth, the district has a north–south elongation covering three separate built up areas. In the north, the district takes in the suburbs of High Wycombe, Maida Vale and a small part of Gooseberry Hill; in the middle it covers most of Forrestfield, Wattle Grove and part of Kewdale; whilst to the south is the suburb of Kenwick plus part of Maddington.
History.
Forrestfield was first contested at the 2008 state election. It was a new seat created as a result of the one vote one value reforms. A plurality of the new district's voters came from the district of Darling Range, which was radically redrawn. The northern most part of the electorate was constructed from parts of Belmont and Midland, whilst the voters in the southern part of the district were drawn in from Kenwick.

</doc>
<doc id="19136465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136465" title="Princess Friederike of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg">
Princess Friederike of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg

Princess Friederike of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (9 October 1811 – 10 July 1902) was a daughter of Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and Princess Louise Caroline of Hesse-Kassel and an elder sister of Christian IX of Denmark. Friederike became the Duchess of Anhalt-Bernburg upon her marriage to Alexander Karl, Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg, the last Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg.
Early life.
Friederike was born on 9 October 1811 at Gottorp Castle near Schleswig in the Duchy of Schleswig as Princess Friederike of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck, the second-eldest daughter of Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck, and Princess Louise Caroline of Hesse.
Friederike's father was the head of the ducal house of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck, a junior male branch of the House of Oldenburg which had occupied the throne of Denmark since 1448. Through her father, Friederike was thus a direct male-line descendant of King Christian III of Denmark.
Friederike's mother was a daughter of Landgrave Charles of Hesse, a Danish Field Marshal and Royal Governor of the duchies of Schleswig and Holstein, and his wife Princess Louise of Denmark, a daughter of Frederick V of Denmark.
On 6 June 1825, Duke Friedrich Wilhelm was appointed Duke of Glücksburg by his brother-in-law Frederick VI of Denmark, as the elder Glücksburg line had become extinct in 1779. He subsequently changed his title to Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and founded the younger Glücksburg line.
Marriage.
Friederike married Alexander Karl, Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg, son of Alexis Friedrich Christian, Duke of Anhalt-Bernburg and Princess Marie Friederike of Hesse-Kassel, on 30 October 1834 at Schloss Louisenlund, near Schleswig. The union was childless.
Duchess of Anhalt-Bernburg.
By November 1855 the Duke was confined to Schloss Hoym due to a progressive mental illness (some sources state that he suffered from schizophrenia). There, Alexander Karl spend the rest of his life under medical care in the company of his chamberlain, the painter Wilhelm von Kügelgen. Due to his incapacity, Friederike acted as regent.
Alexander Karl died at Hoym on 19 August 1863 at age 58. Because the marriage produced no issue, the Duchy of Anhalt-Bernburg was inherited by his kinsman Leopold IV, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau-Köthen who merged the duchy with his own to form a united Duchy of Anhalt.
The Dowager Duchess Friederike died on 10 July 1902 at Ballenstedt.

</doc>
<doc id="19136466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136466" title="1919 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1919 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1919 was the 33rd series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Cork won the championship, beating Dublin 6-4 to 2-4 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (1 match) This was a lone match which saw the winners of the Munster championship play Galway who received a bye to this stage. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the lone semi-final played the winners of the Leinster championship. The winners were declared All-Ireland champions. 

</doc>
<doc id="19136474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136474" title="Omega Aurigae">
Omega Aurigae

Omega Aurigae (ω Aurigae) is the Bayer designation for a double star in the northern constellation of Auriga. Its apparent magnitude is 4.95, which is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye. The distance to this star, as determined using parallax measurements, is approximately . This is an A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A1 V. It has a magnitude 8.18 companion at an angular separation of 4.99 arcseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19136478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136478" title="1909 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1909 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1909 was the 23rd series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Tipperary 4-6 to 0-12 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The four provincial representatives made up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the All-Ireland final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19136493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136493" title="Jean-Christophe Spinosi">
Jean-Christophe Spinosi

Jean-Christophe Spinosi (born 2 September 1964) is a French conductor and violinist, the founder of Quatuor Matheus (1991), a group that later grew into Ensemble Matheus. He is especially well known for his interpretation of the instrumental and vocal music of the Baroque, most notably the operas of Vivaldi. Recently he has also conducted successful performances of Mozart and Rossini.
Spinosi has conducted many vocal works featuring singers such as Verónica Cangemi, Sara Mingardo, Jennifer Larmore, Sandrine Piau, Simone Kermes, Marie-Nicole Lemieux, Nathalie Stutzmann, Marjana Mijanovic, Lorenzo Regazzo, Philippe Jaroussky, and Matthias Goerne.
He has appeared as soloist and director with Ensemble Matheus at the major festivals and venues in France (Théâtre des Champs-Élysées, Théâtre du Châtelet, Opéra de Paris, Toulouse's Grands Interprètes, Festival d'Ambronay, du Vieux Lyon), and around the world: in Amsterdam (Concertgebouw), Vienna (Konzerthaus, Theater an der Wien; debut at the Vienna State Opera in the 2010/11 season with Rossini's "Barber of Seville"), Brussels (Palais des Beaux Arts), New York (Carnegie Hall), Edinburgh (Usher Hall), Prague (Smetana Hall), in Madrid, Turin, Parma and Naples. 
Spinosi was appointed Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres by the French Minister of Culture in 2006. He has also received "Best Opera Conductor 2007" by the Académie du disque lyrique. The awards received for his recordings include the Diapason d'Or, Choc de l'année du Monde de la Musique, Premio internazionale del disco Antonio Vivaldi in Venice, Grand Prix de l'Académie Charles Cros, Prix Caecilia in Belgium, Victoire de la Musique Classique, and the BBC Music Magazine Award for 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19136496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136496" title="1907 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1907 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1907 was the 21st series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Cork 3-12 to 4-8 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The four provincial representatives made up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the All-Ireland final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.
Results.
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship.
"This semi-final was played before the Leinster championship had been decided. When Kilkenny beat Dublin in the Leinster final, they took Dublin's place in the All-Ireland final."

</doc>
<doc id="19136501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136501" title="1906 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1906 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1906 was the twentieth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Tipperary won the championship, beating Dublin 3-16 to 3-8 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Quarter-final:" (1 match) This is a lone match between the Leinster and Ulster representatives. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the lone quarter-final join the Munster and Connacht representatives and London, who receive a bye to this stage of the championship, to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the All-Ireland final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19136515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136515" title="Jeffrey Lay">
Jeffrey Lay

Jeffrey Donald Lay (born October 6, 1969, in Ottawa, Ontario) is a retired rower from Canada. He won the silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the Men's Lightweight Coxless Fours, alongside Brian Peaker, Dave Boyes, and Gavin Hassett.

</doc>
<doc id="19136521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136521" title="1905 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1905 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1905 was the nineteenth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Cork 7-7 to 2-9 in a replay of the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Quarter-finals:" (3 matches) These are two lone quarter-finals involving the Leinster and Ulster representatives and Glasgow and Lancashire. The provincial champions are on one side of the draw. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the All-Ireland semi-final.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the two quarter-finals join the Munster and Connacht representatives to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the All-Ireland final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19136531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136531" title="1904 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1904 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1904 was the eighteenth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Cork 1-9 to 1-8 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (2 matches) The four provincial representatives make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. The winners are declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19136532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136532" title="Space Battleship Yamato II">
Space Battleship Yamato II

Overview.
As the popularity of the "Space Battleship Yamato" franchise became clear (largely because of the outcry from fans who saw the movie), a second season of the television series was produced, retconning the movie to present a different plot in which the "Yamato" and its primary characters were not killed off. Expanding the story to 26 episodes, the second season featured additional plot lines, such as a love story between Teresa (Trelaina) and "Yamato" crew member Daisuke Shima (Mark Venture), and an antagonism between Kodai and Saito (Knox), leader of a group of space marines. The English dub of this season is considered the best by many of the series' American fans on account of the strategic space fleet battles, the imaginative spaceship designs created by Studio Nue, and the character development of Gamilas leader Desler.
Footage from "Arrivederci Yamato" was reused in the second season, particularly in the opening titles; the sequence of the "Yamato" launching from water was also reused in two of the subsequent movies. The English adaptation was known as "Star Blazers: The Comet Empire".

</doc>
<doc id="19136536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136536" title="1903 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1903 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1903 was the seventeenth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Cork won the championship, beating London 3-16 to 1-1 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (2 matches) The four provincial representatives make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the home final.
"Home final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated while the winning team advances to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the home final and London, who receive a bye to this stage of the championship, contest this game. The winners are declared All-Ireland champions.
Results.
Leinster Senior Hurling Championship.
"Kilkenny made an objection against the Dublin goal, and were awarded the title without the need for a replay."

</doc>
<doc id="19136542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136542" title="1902 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1902 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1902 was the sixteenth series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Cork (Dungourney) won the championship, beating London 3-13 to 0-00 in the final.
Format.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (2 matches) The four provincial representatives make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advance to the home final.
"Home final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated while the winning team advances to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the home final and London, who receive a bye to this stage of the championship, contest this game. The winners are declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="19136545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136545" title="Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's C-1 10000 metres

These are the results of the men's C-1 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The C-1 event is raced by single-man sprint canoes and took place on August 11.
Final.
With only five competitors in the event, a final was held.

</doc>
<doc id="19136555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136555" title="Afghanistan at the Paralympics">
Afghanistan at the Paralympics

Afghanistan first competed at the Paralympic Games during the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, where it was represented by cyclists Gul Afzal and Zabet Khan.
Afghanistan did not participate in the Sydney Paralympics in 2000, having been banned from the Games due to its treatment of women under Taliban rule.
Two athletes represented Afghanistan in Athens in 2004: female sprinter Mareena Karim and male cyclist Qaher Hazrat. Neither won a medal.
Afghanistan competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, where it was represented solely by powerlifter Mohammad Fahim Rahimi.
Afghanistan has never won a Paralympic medal, and has never participated in the Winter Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19136566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136566" title="Andō Nobumasa">
Andō Nobumasa

In 1868, during the Boshin War, Nobumasa took charge of the governance of Iwakidaira, and led its forces as part of the Northern Alliance (the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei).
Sakashita Gate Inceident.
In 1862, six samurai from Mito Domain attempted to assassinate Ando outside the Sakashita Gate of Edo Castle. Ando barely survived the attempt. Rutherford Alcock was impressed that Ando appeared with his body bandaged and showing his spirit as an authority of the country just after he had been heavily injured.

</doc>
<doc id="19136569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136569" title="Dave Boyes">
Dave Boyes

David ("Dave") Michael Boyes (born August 26, 1964 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is a retired rower from Canada. He won the silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the Men's Lightweight Coxless Fours, alongside Brian Peaker, Jeffrey Lay, and Gavin Hassett. David is currently a captain in the St. Catharines Fire Department. 

</doc>
<doc id="19136575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136575" title="City of Birmingham Choir">
City of Birmingham Choir

The City of Birmingham Choir is a large, well-established, choral society based in Birmingham, UK. It promotes five or more concerts each season, mostly in Symphony Hall or Town Hall Birmingham. Many of its concerts are accompanied by the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra. Occasional concerts take place elsewhere, such as in Tewkesbury Abbey or Worcester Cathedral. The choir also participates in other organisations' concerts, e.g. centenary performances of Edward Elgar's great oratorios Dream of Gerontius, The Apostles, and The Kingdom with the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and the City of Birmingham Symphony Chorus under previous conductor Sakari Oramo. 
Rehearsals take place at the Friends' Meeting House, Bull Street in central Birmingham on Tuesday evenings from 6.30 - 8.30 pm.
The choir's conductor and music director (since 2002) is Adrian Lucas.
The City of Birmingham Choir was founded in March 1921 and its first president was no less a figure than Sir Granville Bantock, who was Principal of what was then called the Birmingham and Midland Institute School of Music, and who was a recognised composer in his own right. The new Choir presented its first concert at the Town Hall on the 28th of November, conducted by Joseph Lewis. 
Later conductors included G D Cunningham, David Willcocks (1950–57) and Meredith Davies (1957–64), and then Christopher Robinson (1964–2002).

</doc>
<doc id="19136583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136583" title="Pârâul Școlii">
Pârâul Școlii

Pârâul Școlii is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19136584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136584" title="Afghanistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Afghanistan at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Afghanistan competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country was represented by a single athlete, Mohammad Fahim Rahimi, who competed in powerlifting.
Powerlifting.
Men

</doc>
<doc id="19136597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136597" title="Women's Institute for Secondary Education and Research (WISER)">
Women's Institute for Secondary Education and Research (WISER)

The Women’s Institute for Secondary Education and Research (WISER) is a non-profit NGO working to build the first girls’ boarding school and research center in Muhuru Bay, Kenya.
General information.
Problem.
No girl who has completed her secondary education in the Muhuru Bay school district has ever qualified for college entrance, while a significant number of boys qualify every year. The Muhuru Bay region of Nyanza has some of the highest HIV and malaria infection rates in the country, as well as extreme poverty. Due to its isolation, Nyanza has not participated in the economic development that has occurred in other regions of Kenya. The area remains without electricity, potable water, and governmental commitment to development. As is common around the world, girls suffer the most in impoverished communities. Of the girls who enter secondary school, many engage in transactional sex with their male teachers, the fishermen from Lake Victoria or other men, leading to early pregnancies, HIV infection, and high dropout rates. There is an undeniable need to provide safe and effective education to the girls of Muhuru Bay to break the cycle of early marriage, HIV, and poverty.
Mission.
The Women’s Institute for Secondary Education and Research (WISER), a Kenyan NGO in partnership with Duke University, is a model for girls’ education and community development in post-conflict, rural Kenya. We established the first girls’ secondary boarding school and community center dedicated to expanding the social and economic capital of women in the southern Lake Victoria region. WISER focuses on academic excellence and fostering an entrepreneurial spirit of inquiry and intellectual independence, as well as providing programs to build leadership capacity in community health, technology and economic development. WISER provides the first potable water, wind and solar power, and computer technology in the region. WISER also works with community members who desire adult education, and provide special programs to young men who wish to become gender allies.
History.
Relationship with Egerton University.
For the last five years, Duke University has been developing and deepening its relationship with Egerton University in Kenya.
The relationship is a collaboration between Dr. Sherryl Broverman, Associate Professor of the Practice in Biology at Duke and Dr. Rose Odhiambo at Egerton University. Dr. Broverman initially consulted with the Institute for Women, Gender and Development Studies (IWGDS), which Dr. Odhiambo directs, on the development and assessment of a course on HIV/AIDS for a general audience. Egerton is one of the few universities in Kenya that mandates a course on HIV/AIDS for all undergraduates, and has been a national leader in infusing gender issues into the dialog about HIV/AIDS.
For five years, Dr. Broverman has traveled to Kenya with students to do a needs assessment of WISER's Kenyan peers and develop a community-based research project for students at Duke.
In subsequent years, Duke students have worked with Egerton students to develop an HIV/AIDS peer education manual; a manual on the interaction between gender, health, and development; and a documentary of Kenyans living openly and 'positively' with AIDS. Egerton graduates who have participated in its HIV/AIDS education and training programs are now being selectively recruited by the Ministry of Education.
In 2005 the National Science Foundation awarded a grant to Dr. Broverman to develop an international collaborative learning program that linked students at Duke and Egerton throughout the semester via an email dialog and joint homework assignments. Duke University also provided funds to install a satellite system for enhanced Internet connection at the IWGDS. Dr. Broverman's award from the Division of Undergraduate Education at NSF is the first international education program funded by that agency. The NSF has recently made the development of research and education programs—such as the one between Duke and Egerton—a high priority that increase the ability of future leaders to work in a global society.
Introduction to Muhuru Bay.
Dr. Odhiambo was the first girl from the Muhuru District to ever go to college, and in the 25 years since she left the school district no other girl has gone on to university.
In contrast, male students from Muhuru routinely graduate with good grades and matriculate to college. Throughout their visits to Muhuru Bay, Drs. Odhiambo and Broverman always met with girls at Rabwao Secondary School, the only mixed gender secondary school in the district, to support girls' education. During the summer of 2005, Mr. Richard Okinyi, the headmaster of Rabwao, asked Dr. Broverman to develop a project that would both determine the causes of the gender gap in academic performance at Rabwao and develop interventions that could be implemented. Mr. Okinyi and other local education officials also raised the need for a 'girls only' boarding school in the area that could provide a better educational environment. Boarding schools are the norm for secondary school in Kenya; the ones for girls routinely produce higher achieving students than mixed schools.
The Birth of WISER.
In the summer of 2006, Dr. Broverman and a team of seven undergraduate students lived for one month on the Rabwao Secondary School campus to research obstacles to girls' educational success. Interviews and focus groups were held with all 250 students, all teachers and administrators, local primary school teachers from the nine local schools, parents, the area chiefs, representatives from the Ministry of Education, and Provincial government officials.
At the same time, town hall meetings were held in three languages in order to determine the needs of the community. It became clear that the citizens of Muhuru Bay believed that a private boarding school for girls would be an essential step towards improving the educational performance of local girls and their opportunities in the future. To reflect the strong community support and commitment to the WISER project, the Chief of Muhuru Bay donated of land to be used as the site for the school. WISER is currently working with an eight person in-country advisory team to open WISER in Muhuru Bay within the next few years.
Signature Programs.
WISER's Core Co-Curriculum.
WISER will utilize a holistic approach to developing
tomorrow's female leaders. Coupled with academic rigor, WISER scholars will also be given
the opportunity to learn three professional skills in community health work, Chinese
language, or computer literacy to be prepared for multiple post-graduation plans.
Green Community Resources.
WISER will be a green school and bring the first source of
potable drinking water to the area by a solar pump. WISER will also create the first solarpowered
campus and computer lab in the region while providing community members and
students with new green collar job opportunities.
CampWISER & WISERBridge.
CampWISER will provide health, gender, computer, and
leadership summer programming led by Duke students for boys and girls in the Muhuru Bay
community. The WISERBridge program will establish a yearlong academic enrichment
program for the nine primary schools to improve high school exam scores and the quality of
WISER feeder schools.
WISER Partner Schools.
WISER has partnered with high schools and middle schools across
the USA who have committed to raising funds for one girl's scholarship for four years. The
model is simple: students are empowering students through a global issue with a personal
connection.

</doc>
<doc id="19136610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136610" title="Pietriș River (Aiud)">
Pietriș River (Aiud)

The Pietriș River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19136618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136618" title="J. J. North">
J. J. North

J.J. North is an American actress, best known for her role in the science-fiction film "Attack of the 60 Foot Centerfold" (1995).
Career.
After winning in a beauty contest, she made her film début in "Beauty School" (1993), starring Sylvia Kristel. North appeared in seventeen films between 1993 and 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19136629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136629" title="HMS Resolute">
HMS Resolute

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Resolute". A fourth was planned but never completed:

</doc>
<doc id="19136650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136650" title="Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships in Athletics">
Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships in Athletics

The Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships is a junior athletics competition held between the nations of Central America and the Caribbean Islands promoted by the Central American and Caribbean Athletic Confederation (CACAC). It is divided into the Junior B Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships held since 1978 and the Junior A Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships held since 1974. The Junior A category was open for girls and boys aged 17-20 until 2010. and for girls and boys aged 18-20 starting in the year 2012. The Junior B category was open for girls and boys aged 14-16 until 2010. and for girls and boys aged 14-17 starting in the year 2012.
Many world-class and Olympic winning senior athletes competed in the championships in their teenage years. Usain Bolt won the 200 m event in 2002. No competition was held in 2008, due to a clash with the senior 2008 Central American and Caribbean Championships, which had been postponed from the previous year.
At the 2010 edition, a total of 532 athletes from 27 nations took part in the championships' events.
See also.
List of Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships records

</doc>
<doc id="19136654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136654" title="1966 in comics">
1966 in comics


</doc>
<doc id="19136692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136692" title="Lakshman Shastri Joshi">
Lakshman Shastri Joshi

Lakshman Shastri Joshi (1901 – 1994) was an Indian scholar, a distinguished Sanskrit and Hindu Dharma expert, a Marathi literary critic, and supporter of Indian independence. Mahatma Gandhi chose him to be his principal advisor in his campaign against untouchability.
Biography.
Born in 1901 into an orthodox Brahmin family, Joshi left home at age 14 after studying to be a priest. Finally settling in Wai, a temple town on the banks of the Krishna river, he became a Sanskrit, Hindu "dharma" and Indian philosophy pundit, earning the degree “Tarkateertha”, or literally, "Master of logic". Around the time India gained independence, he came under the influence of many reformist intellectuals including M. N. Roy and quickly assimilated and embraced western philosophical systems. He questioned whether those that had the knowledge had wisdom to lead, and recognized those that followed had inadequate knowledge, and he wrote "Vaidik Sankriti-cha Vikas" in 1951. This treatise was based on six lectures he delivered at the University of Pune, where he traced the evolution of "Vedic" culture and its influence on modern India. He wrote a critique arguing that modern Indians became conflicted between meeting material needs and attaining spiritual enlightenment, thus fostering a collective weakness, disharmony and allowing caste differences to prevail. For his outstanding contribution, he received the "Sahitya Akademi" award from India's National Academy of Letters in 1955. This and other critical inquiries into India’s Hindu religious traditions drew the ire of the contemporary Hindu orthodoxy.
Contact with Mahatma Gandhi.
English language|
Joshi, although a Brahmin priest by training, spent his life going against tradition. In 1932, at the age of 29, he was jailed by the British for his role in the freedom movement. However while in prison, he quickly gained a reputation as a Hindu "dharma" scholar. Under the tutelage of Vinobha Bhave, he learned English when Vinoba-ji came to Wai to study under Kewalananda Saraswati. It was during one of those internments that Mahatma Gandhi, troubled by respectable Brahmin priests shying away from officiating at the intercaste marriage of his son Devdas, a "Bania", or merchant class boy, to Lakshmi, the daughter of C. Rajagopalachari, a Brahmin and the second Governor General of independent India approached the young "shastri", with his thorough knowledge of the "shastras", whether such a marriage was against Hindu "dharma". It took fortitude for Joshi to not only render a contrary opinion, but to perform the wedding ceremony.
Recognition and death.
In 1960 he spearheaded the creation of a Marathi language, "Vishwakosha", an encyclopedia, and "Dharmakosha", a Marathi transliteration of the ancient Vedic/Hindu sanskritic hymns. For his distinguished service, he was awarded the "Padma Bhushan" in 1976, India’s third highest civilian medal. In 1992 he was awarded the "Padma Vibhushan", India’s second highest civilian honor, in recognition of a lifetime of exceptional and distinguished service to India. For all his scholarship, Joshi was equally a pragmatist, endorsing Nehru’s investments in higher education and heavy industry. He died at the age of 94, near the birth spring of the Krishna river.
Literature.
His first book, "Shuddhisarvasvam", is a treatise in Sanskrit on the philosophical basis of religious conversion, published in 1934. In that same year, he edited the "Dharmakosha", which encopassed twenty-six volumes and 18,000 pages, encoding the basic texts and commentaries on the varied aspects of "dharma" and "dharma-shastra"s from 1500 BC to the 18th century. in 1938, he wrote "Anand-Mimamsa", a critical commentary on the theory or "Ras" and aesthetics in Marathi literature. Later in 1973, he wrote "Adhunik Marathi Sahityachi Samiksha", a study of the tenets of modern Marathi literary criticism. He also wrote Hindu Dharmachi Samiksha, in 1940, critically examining the concepts and foundation of Hinduism, and "Jadawad", in 1941, a survey of the history and development of materialism in Indian and Western philosophical traditions. He wrote "Vaidik Sanskriticha Vikas" in 1958 to much acclaim. Amongst other works are "Upanishadanche Marathi Bhashantar", a translation of the 18 principal "Upanishads" into Marathi.

</doc>
<doc id="19136802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136802" title="Martha Speaks (TV series)">
Martha Speaks (TV series)

Martha Speaks is a American animated children's television series based on the 1992 children's book of the same name by Susan Meddaugh, about a talking dog named Martha (voiced by Tabitha St. Germain), who is owned by ten-year-old Helen Lorraine (known in the books as Helen Finney). When Helen feeds Martha some alphabet soup, the soup travels to her brain instead of her stomach, resulting in her ability to speak. The show focuses on synonyms and vocabulary, with each episode featuring an underlying theme illustrated with key words. The show takes place in the fictional town of Wagstaff City, a parody of Flagstaff, Arizona.
The show is produced by WGBH in Boston, along with Vancouver based animation studio DHX Media Vancouver (formerly Studio B Productions), and debuted on September 1, 2008 on PBS Kids and PBS Kids Go! stations across the United States. Some episodes of this TV series were available for limited theatrical release on January 3, 2009. It reruns in most PBS stations except KCTS and WNET (the latter of which runs instead on Kids Thirteen). The series ran on PBS Kids Go! until October 4, 2013, due form the replacement of the new PBS Kids series "Peg + Cat". 
The second season began airing on September 14, 2009. The third season of "Martha Speaks" premiered on PBS Kids on October 11, 2010, and the fourth season began airing on February 20, 2012. In May 2013, PBS Kids renewed "Martha Speaks" for a fifth and sixth season of 8 new episodes each. The fifth season premiered on June 24, 2013.
Production.
The show's executive producer is Carol Greenwald, and it was developed for television by Emmy Award-winning writer Ken Scarborough, the show's head writer. Other writers include Joe Fallon, Peter Hirsch, Raye Lankford, Pippin Parker, Ron Holsey, and Dietrich Smith. Music for the series and the theme song is by Canadian composer Daniel Ingram. Lyrics for the theme song are by Ken Scarborough. The show is animated in Vancouver by Studio B Productions using Flash. Meddaugh, author of the book. is involved in the show and oversees the production. Despite some concerns over the way word definitions would be incorporated into a television show, she said she is now satisfied that they do not interrupt the flow of the story. Producer Carol Greenwald first contacted Meddaugh when she was involved in the TV series "Arthur"; the author has also been approached by HBO and Disney.
Language system.
Martha can understand most animal languages except for a few exotic animals such as monkeys and giraffes. These languages are simple, as slight elongation or slightly higher pitch will mean something entirely different. In the episode "Itchy Martha", Martha teaches T.D.'s father to speak a word in dog, coaching him to say it exactly right. Almost all animals are able to understand some sort of human language but are unable to speak it. In a newer episode, it is revealed that Martha understands a wide range of animal languages, possibly because they have the same grammar system.
Episodes.
Season one of the series ended with a total of 40 episodes; it premiered in September 2008. Thirty episodes were produced for season two and then split in half to be aired over two broadcast seasons with 15 episodes each.
When first aired, the show was followed by "Music Time With Steve Songs" and later by "Dot's Story Factory". Season two episodes were followed by a segment called "Who's That Dog!", in which a clip of a dog with special training is shown. The show is also currently available to view on Netflix, with three of the seasons from the show.
Merchandise.
PBS KIDS! reported that episodes of the series would be available as downloads in fall 2008. Episodes are also available for purchase via downloading.
In January 2010, "Martha Speaks" launched its first list of official tie-in books, which include 24-page readers, chapter books, and a picture book.
On March 9, 2010, a DVD set of the series was released. It features eight episodes from Season One: "Martha Says It with Flowers," "Raiders of the Lost Art," "Martha Gets Spooked," "Martha Changes Her Luck," "Martha Sings," "TD Makes the Band," "There Goes the Neighborhood," and "Ice Scream."

</doc>
<doc id="19136808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136808" title="Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association">
Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association

The Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association (JAAA) is the national governing body for the sport of athletics (including track and field, long-distance running and racewalking) in Jamaica. The association is based in Kingston. The current president of the association is Dr. Warren Blake. He was elected interim president in November 2011 after the sudden death of his predecessor Howard Aris, and re-elected in November 2012.
The objects of the association are to promote, develop and regulate amateur athletics in Jamaica. The JAAA aims to provide instruction and teaching of athletics to teachers, coaches, instructors and athletes. It organises competitions and events in Jamaica whilst laying down rules and regulations and providing rewards to winners.
Athletics, particularly sprinting, is a national sport in Jamaica, and the Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association plays a role in shaping development of the sport in the country.
Executive.
Following the election on November 29, 2012, the members of the executive are: Dr. Warren Blake (president), Dave Myrie (1st vice president), Ian Forbes (2nd vice president), Michael Frater (3rd vice president), Vilma Charlton (4th vice president), Garth Gayle (honorary secretary), Marie Tavares (assistant secretary), Ludlow Watts (treasurer), Ewan Scott (director of the Bureau of Records), along with executive members Maxine Brown, Carl Bruce, Trevor Campbell, Judith Ewart, Dennis Gordon, Gregory Hamilton, Dennis May and Michael Clarke.
History.
The history of athletics in Jamaica dates back at least to the year 1910, the starting date of the Interscholastic Championships (CHAMPS). JAAA was reconstituted as Jamaica Amateur Athletic Association in 1932 and was affiliated to the IAAF in 1948. In February 2011, the name was changed to Jamaica Athletic Administrative
Association, thereby retaining the acronym JAAA.
Affiliations.
JAAA is the national member federation for Jamaica in the following international organisations:
Moreover, it is part of the following national organisations:
National records.
JAAA maintains the Jamaican records in athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="19136810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136810" title="Usutuaije Maamberua">
Usutuaije Maamberua

Usutuaije Maamberua is a Namibian politician and accountant. Maamberua is the head of the South West Africa National Union (SWANU) and was elected to the National Assembly of Namibia in the 2009 general election. As SWANU's candidate for President, Maamberua received 2,968 votes, which placed him eighth out of twelve candidates.
Education.
Maamberua earned three Master of Arts degrees (from University of Namibia, Heriot-Watt University and University of Southampton) and one Ph.D. (University of the Witwatersrand) in Business and economics related fields.
Politics.
An accountant by training, Maamberua worked as the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance from 1997-2003 and became head of the accounting department at the University of Namibia in 2007. Maamberua was the Permanent Secretariat in the Ministry of Finance from 1997-2003. In that year, Maamberua was demoted to the Ministry of Prisons and Correctional Services. Shortly after receiving the demotion, Maamberua resigned to pursue other career opportunities.

</doc>
<doc id="19136816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136816" title="Valérie Mairesse">
Valérie Mairesse

Valérie Mairesse (born June 8, 1955) is a French stage and film actress. She was nominated for the César Awards 1978 for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Repérages".

</doc>
<doc id="19136820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136820" title="Cherry slug">
Cherry slug

The cherry slug or pear slug is the larva of the sawfly, Caliroa cerasi. They are not slugs but are a kind of insect of the Family Tenthredinidae. The cherry slug is an important pest that eats leaves of cherry, pear, and plum trees, leaving behind a skeleton of veins. The larvae cover themselves in green slime, making themselves unpalatable to predators. When the larvae are fully grown, they drop off the tree on the ground and pupate underground. The adult sawfly emerges from the pupal case and climbs from the soil to mate and lays eggs on the leaves of the host plant, completing the lifecycle.
Other sources dispute the notion that the females climb the tree to lay their eggs, claiming instead that they fly to the tree. This is an important detail in regards to their control in horticultural circumstances where glues are used to control climbing pests.

</doc>
<doc id="19136835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136835" title="Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 10000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 10000 metres

These are the results of the Men's C-2 10000 metres competition in canoeing at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The C-2 event is raced by two-man sprint canoes. Heats and final took place on August 11.
Final.
With only six teams competing, a final was held.

</doc>
<doc id="19136860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136860" title="Leo Ferdinand Dworschak">
Leo Ferdinand Dworschak

Leo Ferdinand Dworschak (April 6, 1900 – November 5, 1976) was the fourth Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fargo, in Fargo, North Dakota.
Born in Independence, Wisconsin, in Trempealeau County, Dworschak was ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood on May 29, 1926, for the Fargo Diocese. On June 22, 1946, Pope Pius XII appointed Dworschak Coadjutor bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rapid City, in Rapid City, South Dakota and he was consecrated bishop on August 22, 1946. On April 10, 1947, Pope Pius XII appointed Bishop Dworschak the auxiliary bishop of the Fargo Diocese where he was apostolic administrator, while Bishop Aloisius Joseph Muench was the apostolic visitor in Germany. On February 23, 1960, Pope John XXIII appointed Bishop Dworschak the fourth bishop of the Fargo Diocese. Bishop Dworschak retired on September 8, 1970, and he died in Fargo.

</doc>
<doc id="19136866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136866" title="Will Todd">
Will Todd

Will Todd (born 14 January 1970) is an English classical composer and pianist.
Biography.
Todd was born in County Durham, attended Durham School and joined the choir of St Oswald's Church, Durham under its choirmaster David Higgins. He went on to study music at the University of Bristol. He is an accomplished jazz pianist and regularly performs with his trio, and this played a large role in one of his most famous works, his "Mass in Blue".
"Mass in Blue" (originally entitled Jazz Mass) was commissioned by Hertfordshire Chorus and first performed at the Cambridge Corn Exchange in July 2003 with Will Todd at the piano. Todd's wife, Bethany Halliday, performed the soprano solo alongside the Blue Planet Orchestra and Hertfordshire Chorus, conducted by David Temple. 
His "The Blackened Man" won second prize in the "International Verdi Opera Competition" in 2002 and was later staged at the 2004 Buxton Festival. "The Screams of Kitty Genovese", a music theatre work, has been produced at the Boston Conservatory and New York Musical Theatre Festival. His oratorio "Saint Cuthbert", with a libretto by Ben Dunwell based on the life of the saint, has been performed and recorded by the Hallé Orchestra and Choir under Christopher Austin.
"Among Angels" was commissioned by the Genesis Foundation and was premiered by The Sixteen in Salzburg. Written for WNO Max, "Sweetness and Badness" was performed in a tour during autumn 2006, and "Whirlwind", commissioned by Streetwise Opera, was first performed at The Sage Gateshead.

</doc>
<doc id="19136879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136879" title="Hudson-Evans House">
Hudson-Evans House

The Hudson-Evans House is a private, single-family home located at 79 Alfred Street in the Brush Park Historic District of Detroit, Michigan. It is also known as the Joseph Lothian Hudson House or the Grace Whitney Evans House, and is currently used as the offices of a law firm. The house was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
History.
The Hudson-Evans House was built circa 1872/73 for Philo Wright, a Detroit-based ship owner. In 1882, the house was given as a wedding present to Grace Whitney Evans, daughter of the lumber baron David Whitney Jr. (builder of the David Whitney House). Grace Evans was active in numerous charitable activities, and later became the first president of the Detroit YWCA. Between 1894 and 1904 Mrs. Evans rented the house to Joseph Lowthian Hudson, founder of Detroit’s J.L. Hudson Company department store.
The structure is now used for the law offices of VanOverbeke, Michaud, & Timmony, P. C.
Description.
The Hudson-Evans House is a three-story house built of red brick on a rough-cut stone foundation, designed in a French Second Empire architectural style with Italianate influences. The floor-plan is basically rectangular, but the elaborate two-story bay windows that grace both sides of the house minimize the severity of the design. Arched moldings top the windows in the home, and the mansard roof includes colored slate laid in a decorative pattern. The porch on the home was apparently added after the original construction.

</doc>
<doc id="19136893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136893" title="The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency (season 4)">
The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency (season 4)

The fourth season of The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency premiered on the Oxygen Network on August 28, 2008.
Episode 4.1: A New Beginning.
Having ended her business relationship with Peter Hamm and divided up the models between them, Janice holds an open casting call. She hires several new models, including a deaf man named Martin Ritchie.
Janice decides to open a "model house" and move several of her models in, allowing her to work with them intensively. Her business manager advises her that she can't afford both the house and her office, so she decides to close the office and re-open the agency in the house. She also decides to move in. Finding the master suite hideous, she calls on her friend, designer Christopher Ciccone, to redecorate it. His makeover includes installing spy cameras throughout the house wired into Janice's bedroom.
Swimwear designer Nicolita Sainz is looking for one male and one female model to be the "face of Nicolita". She selects CC, Traci and new model Polina for photo tests and hires new model Chandler Maness for the male role.
Janice summons the existing models to the house and they start choosing bedrooms and taking advantage of the amenities. Janice arrives with the new models in tow and the existing models learn to their consternation that the new models will be living at the house.
Episode 4.2: Out With the Old...In With the New.
After trying to mollify the existing models over her selection of the new models, Janice begins "Model 101" with the new models. A review of the new models' bodies leads her to conclude that everyone needs work. She sets up Xian and Chandler to go running together, which pleases them because they are attracted to each other. She then adds Hazuki to the exercise team.
Traci and Polina join Chandler at the Nicolita shoot, but CC arrives late. CC's tardiness puts the shoot about two hours behind, but she interviews that it was unavoidable. She got her period the morning of the shoot and after going home to change got stuck in traffic. Traci raises Janice's ire by bringing her acting agent to the shoot. Janice interviews about all of the problems she's had with Traci, then tells Traci that they need to talk. Despite being late, CC books the shoot and becomes the "Face of Nicolita".
Janice recognizes that her existing models are still resentful over not being invited to live in the house so she throws a party for all of the models. At the party, Janice congratulates CC but warns her not to be late to another shoot. She takes each of the Nicolita girl finalists aside to speak privately. She advises Traci that she must choose between being a model and an actress and gives her two weeks to get into shape. She congratulates Polina on her confidence and tells CC that she is going to be pushing her hard.
Janice invites Crystal Truehart and Maurice Townsell to move into the house, Crystal because Janice believes her to be a high fashion model and Maurice because she believes his macho attitude will help the "effeminate" male models become more masculine. Kehoe pulls her aside and asks her to live in the house because he is between places (no mention is made of his season 3 roommate, Grant). She expresses reservations about his behaviour. Meanwhile, Maurice and Polina find themselves attracted to each other.
While Janice does a shoot for Orbit, Nathan runs a casting call for Kentucky Denim jeans. The client selects Christian, Kehoe, Dominic, Martin, and Chandler from among the men and Dominique and Polina to serve as "background". 
To break the ice between the models, Janice decrees that they will all dress in drag. Everyone participates except Chandler, who clashes with Kehoe over Chandler's refusal. Eventually, Chandler decides to slip into a bra and panties. Kehoe, jealous of the attention Chandler is getting, tries to move in on Xian. Kehoe and Chandler each interview how annoying each finds the other.
Episode 4.3: A Menace In the House.
Janice invites Traci to move into the house so she can monitor her weight. Traci, noting the number of jobs she has booked, considers Janice's concerns about her weight to be a joke.
At the Kentucky Denim shoot, Martin is initially apprehensive that his hearing impairment will cause difficulties. The client, however, is very happy with his performance.
Janice invites cosmetic dentist Bill Dorfman to the house to examine the models' smiles. Polina is especially excited at the thought of having her teeth fixed. Following the exams, Janice is surprised with a special dinner prepared by Xian. After dinner, Janice has Hazuki cut her long hair short.
Several of the models interview that Kehoe is disruptive. The final straw comes when he makes a joke about using cocaine that Janice overhears. Janice ejects him from the house.
Episode 4.4: Men in Tights.
Kehoe is ejected from the house, and worries he may have to sleep in his car. J. P. (with whom he joined the agency) asks him where the Kehoe he used to know has gone. He tells him if he wants to continue being a model with the agency he needs to find the old Kehoe. 
Janice wakes the models up early the next morning to exercise before a client, Tinte Cosmetics, arrives for a casting. While talking to Maurice, she finds empty carrot cake boxes and throat spray under Polina's bed. Worried that she could be developing an eating disorder she has a chat with Polina who says she can eat what she likes and never puts on weight and that she has a bad throat due to smoking. Still worried, but trusting Polina, Janice lets it go but tells her that she is always there if she needs to talk.
The Tinte Cosmetics representatives arrive and ask to see the girls with no makeup, then set them a makeup challenge, Xian, Crystal and Dominique are chosen for the campaign, however Dominique is double booked. Janice fires her from the agency, then re-hires her after she apologizes for not letting Janice know the situation. Nadia replaces Dominique for the Tinte job. 
Janice wants the male models to work on their movement so she orders them into dance belts and tights for a ballet lesson. Martin is initially frustrated because he can't read the instructor's lips from his position, but soon moves to the front and has greater success. J. P. is deemed the best dancer and Payton the worst. Janice moves them, along with Danny, into the house.
Payton clashes with Gabe and Janice, overhearing part of the exchange, orders Payton out. She relents upon learning that Gabe was also engaging in name-calling and Gabe is shocked that Janice would take Payton's side against him.
At the shoot the girls are getting ready when Kehoe walks onto the set.
Episode 4.5: Love is a Four-Letter Word.
Kehoe invades the Tinte shoot to try to make his case to Janet, who rejects him again. Janice convinces the client to do some test shots with Hazuki, although they do not commit to using her in the ad campaign. The client selects Xian to be the "face of Tinte"
Janice's daughter Savannah arrives at the model house and, supposedly needing help with her homework, questions the models on United States history. Following the questioning, a love note from one model to another is slipped under Janice's door. The client has Traci pose topless and she is concerned because of Janice's repeated suggestions that she is fat. 
Janice brings in her yoga instructor to help the models with their flexibility but many of the models struggle with the postures.
Ed Hardy representatives call upon Janice again and book Payton to be the spokesmodel for the company's new underwear line. At the shoot they also book Gavyn, Traci and Paul to serve as "background models" in the shoot. 
Through her hidden camera array, Janice discovers that Chandler and Xian are romantically involved. Janice meets with Xian to advise her against becoming involved with fellow models. Maurice also expresses his interest in Polina; he cooks her dinner but Polina is uninterested in a relationship because she already has a boyfriend.
Kehoe returns yet again and Janice refuses to see him.
Sorin and Crystal exchange back massages and Janice catches them on her hidden camera. The next morning, she angrily confronts Sorin and orders him to stay away from the models.
Episode 4.6: Designer Cracks the Whip.
Couturier Merlin Castell to cast girls for a Barbarella-themed fashion show. Janice interviews about her excitement at the potential of landing a high-fashion client. Merlin is dissatisfied with the models, saying they are too large and do not walk well, but he agrees to give the agency another chance.
Chandler disparages Traci and Janice catches him on hidden camera. Janice confronts him and he promises not to make such comments again.
Merlin returns to fit his outfits to the models. He sees a little potential in some of them but thinks they would require a lot of work. He shocks Crystal, the one model Janice considers high-fashion, by calling her too commercial, but agrees to give her another chance. Finally he hires her. He also hires Pierce, CC, Polina, Nadia, Erika, Selina, Mia, and Hazuki.
Janice brings in performance coach Cindera Che to teach the female models how to move. Janice interviews that she remains concerned with Traci's attitude. Merlin drops in unexpectedly and Janice invites him to watch the lesson. Then the men return and Cindera incorporates them into the lesson. Crystal chooses to partner with Chandler, to Sorin and Xian's displeasure. Xian retaliates by choosing Danny over Chandler. Maurice is excited that Polina chose him. Cindera selects Xian as the best student.
After the class, Sorin finds out that Chandler and Crystal slept together in the back yard. With his limited English, he does not understand that they slept next to each other, not that they had sex. Sorin creates a scene and embarrasses Crystal, Xian and Chandler. Sorin apologizes to Crystal and Crystal and Chandler and Xian and Chandler talk things out. Meanwhile, Paul expresses his feelings for Traci, who based on past instructions from Janice, turns him down.
At the rehearsal for his show, Merlin remains worried that the models will not be able to deliver what he wants. He paints their faces chalk white and demonstrates a series of moves he expects them to make on the runway, including deep back bends. Several of the models have difficulty with the bend. Nevertheless, they all perform well at the show and the client interviews that he will definitely hire them again.
Episode 4.7: Livin' Large.
Seven 'til Midnight, a new client specializing in costume-type lingerie, attend a casting for their new line. They cast Dominic, Xian and Selina. The client then shocks Janice by asking to see some plus-size models. With the client threatening to go elsewhere, Nathan scrambles to locate three models, Amber, Alana and Ivory. The client books Ivory.
At the Seven 'til Midnight shoot, the client is very impressed with Ivory, less so with Dominic. Janice interviews that she is adamantly opposed to plus-size models because she has worked her entire career to remain thin. Nathan takes Janice aside and explains to her that plus-size models are needed to keep the agency afloat. Janice lets Ivory know how pleased the client is with her and then has to leave. The plus-size models spark a spirited discussion among several of the existing models about diet, body type and weight issues. Xian in particular mentions that she is happy with her body and will not make herself unhealthy for the sake of modeling.
Returning client Andrew Christian wants two men and one woman to model a new product inspired by Danny's previous photo shoot. The product is a boxer brief with built-in support for the wearer's backside. During the casting, Janice surprises Xian by dismissing her for not being toned. Andrew selects Nadia, Dominic and Christian. At the shoot, Andrew asks Janice if Nadia will pose topless. Nadia agrees as long as the set is closed. Andrew interviews that he is very pleased again with all of Janice's models and would definitely continue to work with the agency.
Nathan invites the plus-size models to move into the house. He interviews that he wants to make them feel they are part of the agency and have access to everything the agency offers. He moves them into a room, but without enough beds in the house, Paul is displaced. Several of the existing models check out the situation and Chandler and Alana immediately clash.
Episode 4.8: Size Does Matter.
While Chandler and Alana continue to clash and Janice agonizes about the plus-size division, Martin tells the plus models that he empathizes with their struggle, comparing their struggles with his own struggles as a deaf model.
Representatives of "PLUS Model" magazine arrive at the house for a casting. Janice initially bolts from the casting but, to support Nathan, returns. However, she continues to argue against the idea of plus-size modeling with her models in front of the client. Despite the conflict, creative director Mia Amber hires Ivory and Alana. Janice arrives at the shoot during Alana's final look and criticizes Alana. Publicist Lizzie Grubman arrives at the shoot and tries to mediate between Janice and Mia, but Janice remains resistant. Lizzie returns to the house with Janice and tries to convince her to relocate to New York City.
Danny and Chandler clash over the affections of Xian. Danny acts aggressively but Chandler interviews that he has no intention of jeopardizing his place with the agency by fighting. Xian interviews that she is simply a flirt.
Janice and models Dominique, Gavyn and Kehoe are hired for a book by photographer Justin Monroe called "Down the Rabbit Hole". Before the shoot, Janice advises Kehoe that she is not prepared to work with him and orders him off the shoot. Danny replaces him and Kehoe tries to figure out how to get back to Los Angeles. The shoot, despite being named for an Alice in Wonderland concept, has a Wizard of Oz theme.
Swimwear designers Parke & Ronen arrive at the house for a casting and hire Michael, Christian, Peyton and Maurice. The shoot is the day after the exhausting Justin Monroe shoot and Janice, feeling ill, declines to attend the shoot. Ronen becomes very agitated by Janice's absence. They argue by phone and Janice hangs up on him.
Episode 4.9: Everything is About to Change.
J. P. expresses his desire to take a new step in his career and Janice promotes him to become an agent.
Janice confronts the models about their behaviour in the house, revealing her hidden camera setup.
Janice meets with Todd Michael Krim of Reality Cares, a charity organization composed of reality television stars, to book about 14 models for a "green" fashion show. All of the clothes are made of recycled materials.
Janice fires Traci, stating that she's more interested in being an actress than a model. She also fires Alana and Ivory for not fitting her dream of being high fashion. Amber quits in support of her fellow plus size models.
Janice gathers the models and announces that she is moving to New York City to further her vision of creating a high fashion boutique agency. She tells Crystal that she is taking her to New York and tells J. P. that he will be the head of the New York men's division. Nathan remains behind, although the future of the Los Angeles agency remains unclear.
Episode 4.10: Reunited and it Feels so Good.
Janice and the models reunite. Janice airs footage from the series and from her hidden cameras and several of the models are abashed at the revelations. Janice subjects Brian Kehoe to a lie detector test to determine if he is straight or gay. The results indicate that he is straight, but has previously kissed another man.

</doc>
<doc id="19136900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19136900" title="RNC Welcoming Committee">
RNC Welcoming Committee

The RNC Welcoming Committee (RNC WC) was an anarchist/anti-authoritarian group based in Minneapolis – Saint Paul, Minnesota, which coordinated and facilitated discussion for the protests against the 2008 Republican National Convention. By following a more decentralized model for organization, the group's intention was to empower other activist groups to plan their own actions.
The mission of the RNC Welcoming Committee was to create an infrastructure that provided housing, food, medical services, legal aid, counseling, and other forms of support to activists coming to the Twin Cities during the Convention.
The RNC Welcoming Committee was infiltrated by several undercover police officers and informants - Andrew Darst, Brandon Darby, Rachel Nieting, Marilyn Hedstrom and Chris Dugger.
The RNC 8 were members of the RNC Welcoming Committee who were the first to be charged with a felony under the Minnesota statute to furtherance of terrorism. Initially charged by Ramsey County Attorney Susan Gaertner with conspiracy to riot in furtherance of terrorism, three additional charges were added in December 2008: conspiracy to riot, conspiracy to commit criminal damage to property, and conspiracy to commit criminal damage to property in furtherance of terrorism. The 8 were Luce Guillén-Givins, Max Specktor, Nathanael Secor, Eryn Trimmer, Monica Bicking, Erik Oseland, Robert Czernik, and Garrett Fitzgerald. 
All charges against Guillén-Givins, Trimmer, and Bicking were ultimately dropped. Oseland, Specktor, Secor, Czernik, and Fitzgerald each pled guilty to a gross misdemeanor.

</doc>
