<doc id="19224310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224310" title="Blockade of the Gaza Strip">
Blockade of the Gaza Strip

The blockade of the Gaza Strip refers to a land, air, and sea blockade on the Gaza Strip by Egypt and Israel since 2007 up to now. Israel claimed that it relatively eased the blockade for non-military goods in June 2010. Egypt reopened the Rafah border crossing in 2011 for persons and goods. 
In 2006 Hamas won the Palestinian legislative election, triggering the 2006-2007 economic sanctions against the Palestinian National Authority by Israel and the Quartet on the Middle East. In March 2007, Hamas and Fatah formed a Palestinian authority national unity government headed by Ismail Haniya. Shortly after, in June, Hamas took control of the Gaza Strip in the course of the Battle of Gaza, seizing government institutions and replacing Fatah and other government officials with its own. Following the takeover, Egypt and Israel largely sealed their border crossings with Gaza, on the grounds that Fatah had fled and was no longer providing security on the Palestinian side.
Israel maintains that the blockade is necessary to limit Palestinian rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip on its cities and to prevent Hamas from obtaining other weapons. Prior to its 2011 opening of the Rafah crossing, Egypt maintained that it could not fully open its side of the border since completely opening the border would represent Egyptian recognition of the Hamas control of Gaza, undermine the legitimacy of the Palestinian National Authority and consecrate the split between Gaza and the West Bank.
Facing mounting international calls to ease or lift their blockade in response to the Gaza flotilla raid, Egypt and Israel lessened the restrictions starting in June 2010. Israel announced that it will allow all strictly civilian goods into Gaza while preventing certain weapons and what it designates as "dual-use" items from entering Gaza. Egypt partly opened the Rafah border crossing from Egypt to Gaza, primarily for people, but not for supplies, to go through. The Israeli NGO Gisha Legal Center for Freedom of Movement asserted in a July 2010 report that Israel continues to prevent normal functioning of the Gazan economy. Israel continues to severely restrict and/or prevent people from entering or exiting Gaza according to Gisha. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UNOCHA) conducted an assessment of the humanitarian impact of the easing of the blockage in January and February 2011 and concluded that they did not result in a significant improvement in people’s livelihoods.
Egypt for some time opened the Rafah border crossing permanently as of 28 May 2011. A limited number of women of all ages and men aged below 18 and above 40 were able to enter Egypt without a visa, although there are still severe restrictions on the movement of personnel and goods to and from Gaza. In 2013-2014, Egypt's military has destroyed most of the 1,200 tunnels which are used for smuggling food, weapons and other goods to Gaza.
The blockade was criticized by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, the United Nations Human Rights Council and other human rights organizations. It has been officially supported by United States administrations. In June 2010 Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the situation in Gaza is humanitarian needs in the Hamas-controlled area must be met along with legitimate Israeli security concerns.
Opinion on the legality of the blockade is mixed. In September 2011, a UN investigative committee concluded in the Palmer Report that the naval blockade is legal and had to be judged isolated from the restrictions on goods reaching Gaza via the land crossings. Concerning the restrictions on goods reaching Gaza via the land crossings the Palmer report stated that they were the main reason for an unsustainable and unacceptable humanitarian situation in Gaza. UN envoy Desmond Tutu, United Nations Human Rights Council head Navi Pillay, the International Committee of the Red Cross and some experts on international law consider the blockade illegal.
Background.
1989–2004.
Since June 1989, Israel has formally restricted the movement of Palestinians, imposing a magnetic-card system whereby only those with such a card were allowed to leave the Strip: Israeli authorities did not issue magnetic cards to released prisoners, former administrative detainees, or people who had been detained and released without charges being filed against them. January 1991 marked the beginning of the permanent closure policy, whereby each resident of Gaza who desired to travel within Israel or the West Bank was required to have a personal exit permit. In March 1993, Israel imposed an overall closure on Gaza with newly built checkpoints; and, from October 2000, Israel imposed a comprehensive closure on the Gaza Strip.
When the Al-Aqsa Intifada broke out in September 2000 Israel put trade restrictions on the Gaza Strip and closed the Gaza International Airport. The economic effects worsened after the creation of a ‘buffer zone’ in September 2001, that would seal all entry and exit points in the Palestinian Territories for "security reasons." After 9 October 2001, movement of people and goods across the ‘Green Line’ dividing the West Bank from Israel, and between the Gaza Strip and Israel, was halted, and a complete internal closure was effected on 14 November 2001. The worsening economic and humanitarian situation raised great concern abroad. According to the UN Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), in January 2003, the Israeli blockade and closures had pushed the Palestinian economy into a stage of de-development and drained as much as US $2.4 billion out of the economy of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
2005 Agreement on Movement and Access.
The Israel Defense Forces left the Gaza Strip on 1 September 2005 as part of Israel's unilateral disengagement plan. An "Agreement on Movement and Access" (AMA) between Israel and the Palestinian Authority was concluded in November 2005 to improve Palestinian freedom of movement and economic activity in the Gaza Strip. Under its terms, the Rafah crossing with Egypt was to be reopened, with transits monitored by the Palestinian National Authority and the European Union. Only people with Palestinian ID, or foreign nationals, by exception, in certain categories, subject to Israeli oversight, were permitted to cross in and out.
2006–2007 economic sanctions.
The 2006–2007 economic sanctions against the Palestinian National Authority were economic sanctions imposed by Israel and the Quartet on the Middle East against the Palestinian National Authority and the Palestinian territories following the January 2006 legislative elections that brought Hamas to power. In March 2007, the Palestinian Legislative Council established a national unity government, with 83 representatives voting in favor and three against. Government ministers were sworn in by Mahmoud Abbas, the chairman on the Palestinian Authority, in a ceremony held simultaneously in Gaza and Ramallah.
Throughout 2006, the Karni crossing remained only partially operational, costing Palestinians losses of $500,000 a day, as less than 10% of the Gaza Strip's minimal daily export targets were achieved. Basic food commodities were severely depleted, bakeries closed and food rationing was introduced.
Blockade timeline 2007-2010.
June 2007 – January 2008.
In June 2007 Hamas took control of the Gaza Strip and removed Fatah officials. Following the Battle of Gaza, the international sanctions were terminated in June 2007 while at the same time a new and more severe blockade of the Gaza Strip was initiated.
In response to the violent clashes, President Abbas declared a state of emergency and dissolved the national unity government on 14 June. Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh called this decision "hasty", and pledged to stay in power. Hamas gained complete control of the Gaza Strip on 15 June, after forcing out Fatah.
Following the takeover, Egypt and Israel largely sealed their border crossings with Gaza, on the grounds that Fatah had fled and was no longer providing security on the Palestinian side.
In July 2007, Israeli officials planned an opening of the Rafah border crossing in order to allow stranded Palestinians to return, but the plan was cancelled after Hamas threatened to fire on the refugees.
A Jerusalem Post article mentions Hamas' complaints that since June 2008 the P.A. does not deliver any more passports to the Gazans thus trapping them tightly.
Egypt, fearing a spill-over of Hamas-style militancy into their territory, kept its border with Gaza largely sealed. Israel sealed the border completely on 17 January in response to rocket attacks on southern Israel and Palestinian militant attacks on crossing points between Israel and Gaza.
The Egyptian government feared also that Iran wants to establish a base in its territory as well as in Gaza through its proxy Hizbullah following the 2009 Hezbollah plot in Egypt. Almasryalyoum: Haaretz:
In September 2007, the Israeli cabinet voted to tighten the restrictions on the Gaza strip. The cabinet decision stated, "the movement of goods into the Gaza Strip will be restricted; the supply of gas and electricity will be reduced; and restrictions will be imposed on the movement of people from the Strip and to it."
In October 2012, an Israeli court forced Israel's Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories (COGAT) to release a document that detailed "red lines" for "food consumption in the Gaza strip" during the 2007 blockade. According to the COGAT, the document was a rough draft, and never actually implemented. He want on further to say that there was never even any discussion after the document had been drafted. The document calculates the minimum number of calories necessary to keep Gazans from malnutrition and avoid a humanitarian crisis. This number was converted to a number of daily truckloads, the number being decreased to account for food produced in Gaza, and further on the basis of "culture and experience" of the Gazans. This reduction, if implemented, would have resulted in an increase in sugar and a decrease in fruits, vegetables, milk, and meat. Gisha, an Israeli human-rights group, said that in fact the number of truckloads allowed into Gaza was less than stipulated in the calculation. The UN said that if the policy was intended to cap food imports, it would go against humanitarian principles. The body responsible for the calculation said its intent was to ensure no shortages occur, not to cap food imports. Israeli officials now acknowledge the restrictions were partly meant to pressure Hamas by making the lives of Gazans difficult.
January 2008 breach of the Gaza-Egypt border.
On 22 January 2008, Palestinians clashed with Egyptian police in front of the border, demanding that the Rafah crossing be opened. The clashes included live fire, and there were injuries on both sides. Fifty women managed to cross, and Egyptian police responded with a water cannon assault. Additional Egyptian security forces arrived, and managed to restore calm and prevent Palestinians from crossing.
The breach of the Gaza-Egypt border began on 23 January 2008, after gunmen in the Gaza Strip set off an explosion near the Rafah Border Crossing, destroying part of the former Israeli Gaza Strip barrier. The United Nations estimated that as many as half of the population of the Gaza Strip crossed the border into Egypt seeking food and supplies. Israel said that militants had exploited the breach in the border wall to send armed men into the Sinai to infiltrate Israel across the Sinai-Israel border. Egyptian troops at first permitted crossing but did not allow Palestinians to travel further than El Arish. On 25 January, Egyptian forces blocked almost all illegal entry points to stem the flow of Gazans pouring in, and Egyptian riot police erected barbed wire and chain-link fences along the border. Palestinians used a bulldozer to knock down the fence and once again flooded in. Egyptian border police began stopping Palestinians from crossing and sealed the road from Rafah to El Arish. On 28 January, Egyptian security forces and Hamas militants strung barbed wire across one of the breaches, sealing it off. The Egyptians began repairing one of the two remaining breaches on 29 January, and closed the border with the Gaza Strip on 3 February 2008.
Mid-2008 violence.
Throughout mid-2008, Israel continued to inspect all humanitarian aid for Gaza and delivering approved items through the crossing points of Karni, Kerem Shalom, Erez, and Sufa.
Throughout this period, Hamas launched raids against these crossing points. The first was an 9 April infiltration by four Hamas fighters through the Kerem Shalom border crossing. The four fighters attacked a terminal in Nahal Oz being used to deliver fuel to Gaza, killing two workers. Three of the fighters were subsequently killed by Israeli strikes as they attempted to flee.
On 19 April, Hamas launched another attack against a border crossing in the early morning hours. Three fighters were killed in the operation, and thirteen Israeli soldiers were wounded.
June 2008 attempt at easing restrictions.
Under a ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas in June 2008, Israel agreed to lift its blockade of Gaza Strip. It was reported that in August 2008, Israel was still allowing in very few goods. At Egypt's request, Israel did not always respond to Palestinian cease fire violations by closing the border.
Israel accused Hamas of transporting weapons into Gaza via tunnels to Egypt, failing to stop rocket attacks, and noted that Hamas would not continue negotiating the release of Israeli hostage Gilad Shalit, who had been held by Hamas since 2006. Hamas' decision alienated it from the government of Egypt, which had linked the opening of the Gaza-Egypt border crossing with Shalit's release. In the early stage of the cease-fire, Israeli officials had stated that they found “a certain sense of progress” on Shalit's release.
The UN recorded seven Israel Defense Forces (IDF) violations of the ceasefire between 20 and 26 June, and three violations by Palestinian groups not affiliated with Hamas between 23 and 26 June. On 18 December, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas, reported 185 Israeli violations during the lull period. The Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center reported a total of 223 rockets and 139 mortar shells fired from Gaza during the lull, including 20 rockets and 18 mortar shells before 4 November. It noted that "Hamas was careful to maintain the ceasefire" until 4 November, when the ceasefire was "seriously eroded." Rocket fire decreased by 98 percent in the four-and-a-half months between 18 June and 4 November, compared to the four-and-a-half-months preceding the ceasefire. Hamas denied responsibility for the rocket fire during the lull. Human Rights Watch reported that Hamas security forces demonstrated an ability to curb rocket fire while some people detained for rocket fire were released without explanation.
In August 2008, the first NGO-organized attempts to breach Israel's maritime closure of the Gaza Strip occurred when two vessels, containing activists from the Free Gaza Movement and International Solidarity Movement, sailed from Cyprus towards Gaza, carrying hearing aids and balloons. The boats reached Gaza on 23 August 2008 after the Israeli government allowed the boats free passage. Four more voyages occurred from October until December 2008, as passengers were transported another boat called the "Dignity", a 66-foot yacht owned by the Free Gaza Movement. The Dignity was rammed three times while it was sailing in international waters by the Israeli Navy and significant damage was incurred.
On 28 October 2008, the Dignity, carrying 26 activists and medical supplies, docked in a strip harbor without interference. Israel had initially decided to stop the vessel, but the decision was made to let it through just before it reached Gaza. The Dignity sailed to Gaza four times before it was attacked on December 30, 2008 in international waters, as it sailed towards Gaza to deliver medicine and medical help.
2008–2009 Gaza war and aftermath.
In January 2009, after the first phase of the Gaza War, Israel said it would allow in some humanitarian aid, but will continue its economic blockade in order to weaken the power of Hamas. In June 2009, on the second anniversary of the blockade, 38 United Nations and non-governmental humanitarian organisations issued a joint press release calling for "free and uninhibited access for all humanitarian assistance in accordance with the international agreements and in accordance with universally recognised international human rights and humanitarian law standards". As of July 2009, Israel said it is making the humanitarian relief efforts in Gaza one of its top priorities. The amount of goods Israel allows into Gaza is one quarter of the pre- blockade flow.
Mark Regev, spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert stated "We want to make sure that reconstruction for the people of Gaza is not reconstruction for the Hamas regime." U.S. State Department spokesman Robert Wood said on 25 February that "Aid should never be used as a political weapon. We'll try to push to get into Gaza as many supplies as possible."
The Olmert cabinet had decided in March 2009 that food and medical supplies to Gaza would be allowed through unfettered. This was met with resistance by Israel's Defense Ministry, which controls the border crossings.
An Israeli military spokesperson said that each item was decided on an individual basis and that food was being let through daily. According to Tel Aviv NGO Gisha, the amount of food entering Gaza is as of May 2009, about 25% of the pre-June 2007 figures. A UN study has found that Gazan families are eating fewer meals a day and mainly relying on carbohydrates such as rice and flour because protein foods are expensive or unavailable. Chicken eggs have doubled in price due to the destruction of chicken coops during the Gaza War.
February 2009 Hamas-UNRWA incident.
On 3 February, 3,500 blankets and over 400 food parcels were confiscated by Hamas police personnel from an UNRWA distribution center. On the following day, the UN Emergency Relief Coordinator demanded that the aid be returned immediately. In a separate incident on 5 February, Hamas seized 200 tons of food from UNRWA aid supplies. The following day, UNRWA suspended its activities in Gaza. Hamas issued a statement stating that the incident was a misunderstanding between the drivers of the trucks and had been resolved through direct contact with the UNRWA. On 9 February, UNRWA lifted the suspension on the movement of its humanitarian supplies into Gaza, after the Hamas authorities returned all of the aid supplies confiscated.
June 2009 easing of blockade.
In June 2009, the blockade was eased to allow processed hummus, but not hummus with extras such as pine nuts or mushrooms.
May 2010 Gaza flotilla raid.
On 31 May 2010 the Israeli Navy seized an aid convoy of six ships known as the "Gaza Freedom Flotilla". aiming to break through the blockade, carrying humanitarian aid and construction materials. The flotilla had declined an Israeli request to change course to the port of Ashdod, where the Israeli government had said it would inspect the aid and deliver (or let humanitarian organizations deliver) Israeli-approved items to Gaza.
Israeli Shayetet 13 naval commandos boarded the ships from speedboats and helicopters launched from three missile ships, while the flotilla was still in international waters. On the MV "Mavi Marmara", the main ship of the convoy, passengers attacked and managed to capture three soldiers. Israeli soldiers used rubber bullets and live ammunition(from soldiers in helicopters and on the ship)and shot many people from behind. On other ships, soldiers were met with passive resistance which was easily suppressed with non-lethal techniques. Nine passengers were killed and dozens wounded. Nine soldiers were also injured, two of them seriously. All of the ships were seized and towed to Ashdod, while passengers were imprisoned in Israel and then deported to their home countries. The MV "Rachel Corrie", a seventh ship that had been delayed, set sail from Malta on the same day of the flotilla's interception. Israeli naval vessels shadowed the "Rachel Corrie", and after it ignored three warnings, Israeli commandos boarded the ship from speedboats, arrested the crew, and forced it to sail to Ashdod.
Freedom Flotilla II.
Following the Gaza flotilla raid, a coalition of 22 NGOs assembled a flotilla of 10 vessels and 1,000 activists to breach the blockade. The vessels docked in Greece in preparation for the journey to Gaza. However, the Greek government announced that it would not allow the vessels to leave for Gaza, and the Hellenic Coast Guard stopped three vessels attempting to evade the travel ban and leave port. On 7 July, most activists left for home, leaving only a few dozen to continue the initiative. On 16 July, the French yacht "Dignite Al Karama" was allowed to leave port after informing Greek authorities that its destination was Alexandria, Egypt. Instead, the yacht headed directly for Gaza. The Israeli Navy stopped the "Dignite Al Karama" about 65 kilometers off Gaza. After the boat was warned and refused to turn back, it was surrounded by three Israeli naval vessels and boarded by Shayetet 13 commandos, who took it over. The boat was then taken to Ashdod.
Third Flotilla.
On 4 November 2011, the Israeli Navy intercepted two vessels heading towards Gaza in a private initiative to break the blockade. Shayetet 13 commandos boarded the vessels from speedboats and took them over with no resistance. The vessels were then taken to Ashdod port.
June 2010 easing of the blockade.
Following the Gaza flotilla raid, Israel and Egypt faced mounting international calls to ease or lift their blockade.
On 1 June 2010, the Rafah border crossing from Egypt to Gaza was partially opened. Egypt’s foreign ministry has made it clear that the crossing will remain open mainly for people, not for aid, to go through. Several aid trucks began making it into Gaza during the following morning including some carrying power generators from the Egyptian Red Crescent, and hundreds of Gazans who had been staying in Egypt returned home, although little traffic, human or cargo, flowed from Gaza to Egypt. On 3 June, the manager of the Gaza side of the Rafah crossing, Salameh Barakeh, explained that the crossing is open for the free travel of patients, foreign passport holders, those with residency status in other countries, students and internationals. The Arab Physicians Union officials submitted a request to Egyptian authorities on 3 June 2010 to send 400 tons of food, blankets, electric generators for hospitals and construction material from Egypt to Gaza, but their request was denied by Egyptian authorities without specific reason. Emad Gad, political analyst at Egyptian Al-Ahram Center for Political and Strategic Studies, believes the government should keep the Rafah border under control because opening it completely could allow weapons smuggling or illegal financial transactions.
On 17 June 2010, Israel's Prime Minister's Office announced that Israel's security cabinet had agreed to relax Israel's blockade on the Gaza Strip, and issued an English-language press release, according to which a decision to ease the blockade had been made. The English text reads: "It was agreed to liberalize the system by which civilian goods enter Gaza expand the inflow of materials for civilian projects that are under international supervision." However, no binding decision has been made during the cabinet meeting, and an announcement issued in Hebrew did not mention any such decision. The Prime Minister's office said that a meeting would be held soon, and expressed hope that a binding decision will be taken then.
On 20 June 2010, Israel's Security Cabinet approved a new system governing the blockade that would allow practically all non-military items to enter the Gaza strip. According to a cabinet statement, Israel would "expand the transfer of construction materials designated for projects that have been approved by the Palestinian Authority, including schools, health institutions, water, sanitation and more – as well as (projects) that are under international supervision." Despite the easing of the land blockade, Israel announced to continue to inspect all goods bound for Gaza by sea at the port of Ashdod. Internationally, this decision received mixed reactions.
International Response to Easing of Restrictions.
Tony Blair, who welcomed Israel's decision to ease the restrictions on behalf of the Quartet on the Middle East, said that the Quartet – the UN, US, EU, and Russia – would continue talks with Israel "to flesh out the principles". Suggesting that "items of ordinary daily life, including materials for the construction of homes, infrastructure and services as the UN have asked" should be allowed to enter Gaza, he stated that "the decision to allow foodstuffs and household items is a good start". A spokesperson for the Secretary-General of the United Nations declared that the Secretary-General would be encouraged that the Israeli government is reviewing its policy towards Gaza. He added that the United Nations would continue to seek a fundamental change in policy as agreed by the Quartet. Hamas spokesperson Sami Abu Zuhri said that Israel's decision would have been designed to "beautify" the blockade and mislead public opinion.
A British Foreign Office spokesman said: "It is good that Israel is giving serious consideration to resolving these issues, ut further work is needed. We need to see the additional steps still to be announced." EU officials also said they were disappointed by the decision. German Minister of Economic Cooperation and Development Dirk Niebel said that the Israeli announcement was "not sufficient". During a visit to the country, Niebel intended to visit a sewage treatment plant being financed with German development aid, but was denied entry into the Gaza strip by Israel. He commented that the Israeli government sometimes would "not make it easy for its friends to explain why it behaves the way it does." A spokesperson for Israel's Foreign Ministry responded that Israel would have been obliged to allow any other European minister entry if it had allowed Niebel to visit the Gaza strip, thus conferring additional legitimacy to the Hamas government.
Chris Gunness from UNRWA criticised Israel's move to ease the blockade as not being adequate, saying that "Even if the blockade is eased it remains illegal under international law as it is a collective form of punishment on a civilian population. Eighty percent of Gaza's population is aid-dependent. Allowing more aid in is perpetuating this dependency and not addressing the issue of self- sufficiency or the root causes of the crisis. What have not been addressed by the easing of the closure are the issues of exports as well as the limited number of crossings open to facilitate the flow of goods. Operation Cast Lead destroyed at least 60,000 homes and structures which need to be urgently repaired and rebuilt. The easing of the blockade is not addressing this adequately."
Maxwell Gaylard, UN Deputy Special and Humanitarian Coordinator for the Middle East also criticised Israel, saying "Permitting mayonnaise and potato chips into Gaza is really irrelevant in dealing with the underlying issues. What we need to see is an improvement in Gaza's water, sanitation, power grid, educational and health sectors. Gaza's economy is shot to pieces and its infrastructure is extremely fragile."
New blockade policy by Israel.
On 20 June 2010, Israel's Security Cabinet approved a new system governing the blockade that would allow practically all non-military or dual-use items to enter the Gaza strip. According to a cabinet statement, Israel would "expand the transfer of construction materials designated for projects that have been approved by the Palestinian Authority, including schools, health institutions, water, sanitation and more – as well as (projects) that are under international supervision." Despite the easing of the land blockade, Israel will continue to inspect all goods bound for Gaza by sea at the port of Ashdod.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that the decision enabled Israel to focus on real security issues and would eliminate "Hamas' main propaganda claim," and that it would strengthen the case for keeping the sea blockade in place. He also said the decision would have been coordinated with the United States and with Tony Blair, the representative of the Quartet for the Middle East. Blair characterized the decision as a "very significant step forward", but added that the decision needs to be implemented. In a statement, the Quartet said that the situation remained "unsustainable and unacceptable" and maintained that a long-term solution was urgently needed. The UNRWA called for a complete lift of the Gaza blockade, expressing concern that the new policy would continue to limit Gaza's ability to develop on its own. The European Union's representative for foreign policy, Catherine Ashton, welcomed the decision. She called the step "a significant improvement" and expressed the expectation that the measures take effect as soon as possible, adding that "more work remains to be done." The U.S. government welcomed the decision, expressing the belief that the easing would significantly improve the lives of Gaza Strip residents and prevent weapons smuggling. It expressed its intention to contribute to an international effort to "explore additional ways to improve the situation in Gaza, including greater freedom of movement and commerce between Gaza and the West Bank." Hamas dismissed the measures as trivial and "media propaganda", and demanded a complete lifting of the blockade, including the removal on all restrictions on the import of construction material. Israeli Arab member of Knesset Hanin Zoabi commented that the easing of the blockade would prove that "it is not a security blockade, but a political one," adding that the flotilla "succeeded in undermining the blockade's legitimacy."
The U.S., United Nations, European Union and Russia in 2010 were jointly consulting with Israel, the Palestinian Authority and Egypt on additional measures, described by the United States Department of State as a "fundamental change in policy" toward the Gaza strip.
Lieberman Proposal.
In July 2010, Israel's foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman proposed an initiative to shift full responsibility over the Gaza Strip to the international community. He announced that he plans to discuss the idea, which was labeled a "personal initiative" with the EU Foreign Minister Catherine Ashton.
Lieberman proposed that units of the French Foreign Legion and commando units from EU member states be sent in to secure the Gaza border crossings to prevent the smuggling of weapons, and that the border with Israel be sealed. Ships that underwent inspections in Cyprus or Greece would be allowed to dock in Gaza and unload humanitarian cargoes. The EU would help improve and build civilian infrastructure, and Gaza would become a fully independent entity.
Humanitarian impact assessment.
In January and February 2011, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UNOCHA) conducted an assessment of the effects of the measures to ease the access restrictions. They concluded that they did not result in a significant improvement in people’s livelihoods.
They found that a limited reactivation of the private sector resulted from the increased availability of consumer goods and some raw materials but the "pivotal nature of the remaining restrictions" and the effects of three years of strict blockade prevented a significant improvement in livelihoods. Although the unemployment rate in Gaza fell from 39.3% to 37.4% in the second half of 2010 there were significant food price rises. There was little or no improvement in food insecurity rates in Gaza which continued to affect 52% of the population. Few of the 40,000 housing units needed to replace homes lost during Operation Cast Lead and for natural population growth could be built as a result of the ongoing restrictions on importing building materials. The approval of over 100 projects funded by international organizations intended to improve the "extremely deteriorated" water and sanitation, education and health services, followed the easing of the blockade. The implementation of these projects was delayed by the entry approval process for materials and the limited opening of the Karni crossing. OCHA found that there had been no improvement in the quality of services provided to the population of the Gaza Strip as a result of the projects so far. There was no significant increase in the number of exit permits granted by Israel to allow access to the outside world including other parts of the Palestinian territories. Permits continued to be issued by Israel only on an exceptional basis with a 114 being issued during the second half of 2010. OCHA described Egypt’s move to regularly operate its crossing with Gaza for special categories of people as a "significant, albeit limited, improvement".
They concluded that the easing of restrictions was "a step in the right direction" but called on Israel to fully abolish the blockade including removing restrictions on the import of construction materials and the exports of goods, and to lift the general ban on the movement of people between Gaza and the West Bank via Israel in order to comply with what they described as international humanitarian and human rights law obligations.
Further easing (2011-2013).
Following the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, the new Egyptian leadership opened the Rafah crossing to the Gaza Strip on 28 May 2011, for women, children and men over 40. Men aged between 18 and 40 require a permit and trade is prohibited. Palestinians leaving Gaza are required to carry ID cards issued by Israel. Israel criticised the opening citing security concerns. However, little changed in reality, and there were still severe restrictions on movements to and from Gaza. In 2012 Egypt started supplying fuel to the Gaza Strip, to help ease a lengthy fuel crisis arising from a dispute between Egypt and the Hamas government in Gaza over whether Gaza can trade with Egypt openly, or only via Israel.
In 2013 Israel has eased its regulation on the entering of construction material into Gaza. The regulation was an attempt to reduce rocket fire in the south. Israel continues to seek diplomatic relations with Hamas who remains steadfastly unresponsive. 
Prior to a Gaza visit, scheduled for April 2013, Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan explained to Turkish newspaper "Hürriyet" that the fulfilment of three conditions by Israel was necessary for friendly relations to resume between Turkey and Israel: an apology for the raid (Prime Minister Netanyahu had delivered an apology to Erdogan by telephone on March 22, 2013), the awarding of compensation to the families affected by the raid, and the lifting of the Gaza blockade by Israel. The Turkish prime minister also explained in the "Hürriyet" interview, in relation to the April 2013 Gaza visit, "We will monitor the situation to see if the promises are kept or not." At the same time, Netanyahu affirmed that Israel would only consider exploring the removal of the Gaza blockade if peace ("quiet") is achieved in the area.
Land blockade.
The Israel and Egypt–Gaza Strip barrier, built by Israel between 1994 and 2005 when it had full control of the Gaza Strip, separates the Gaza Strip from both Egypt and Israel; the Israeli Defense Forces maintain a presence at all border crossings and regularly patrol along the fence. All humanitarian aid bound for Gaza via Israel is transferred through four border crossings: The Kerem Shalom, Karni, Erez, and Sufa crossings. All aid first undergoes security inspection before being transferred by truck into Gaza.
Additionally, the Egypt-Gaza barrier was built underground by Egypt starting in 2009. The stated aim was to block smuggling tunnels. The Egyptian Border Police maintain a presence along the Egypt-Gaza border. The Rafah Border Crossing is the only lawful crossing point between Egypt and Gaza, and is manned by Palestinian Authority security forces and the European Union Border Assistance Mission Rafah. All humanitarian supplies are transferred through Israel or Egypt via the land crossings after security inspection.
The Muslim Brotherhood in the Egyptian parliament wished to open trade across the border with Gaza in 2012, a move said to be resisted by Egypt's Tantawi government.
Goods blocked.
Israel allows limited humanitarian supplies from aid organizations into the Gaza Strip. According to the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories of the Israel Defense Forces, in May 2010, this included over 1.5 million litres of diesel fuel and gasoline, fruits and vegetables, wheat, sugar, meat, chicken and fish products, dairy products, animal feed, hygiene products, clothing and shoes.
Israel announced on June 2010 it would allow all strictly civilian goods into Gaza while preventing certain weapons and dual-use items from entering the Hamas-run Gaza.
According to the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs at various times, Israel has blocked goods including wheelchairs, dry food items, and crayons, Stationery, soccer balls, and musical instruments. International aid group Mercy Corps said it was blocked from sending 90 tons of macaroni and other foodstuffs. After international pressure, Israeli authorities said that they were giving the shipment a green light. Israel was also reported to have prevented aid groups from sending in other items, such as paper, crayons, tomato paste and lentils. Because of an Israeli ban on the importation of construction materials (such as cement and steel) for fear of Hamas using them to build bunkers and fortified positions from which to shell villages in Israel, the UN Relief and Works Agency built at least one mud brick home, and planned to build up to 120. Aid agencies say that food waits on trucks and in warehouses, and many basic items are rejected by Israel as "luxuries" or are turned down for unexplained reasons. Tin cans are banned because the tin might be melted down and used to build weaponry or structures by Hamas, making it hard for Gazan farmers to preserve their vegetables.
In January 2010, the Israeli group Gisha took Israeli authorities to court, forcing them to reveal which goods were permitted and which goods weren't. The Israeli government replied that canned fruit, fruit juices and chocolate are blocked, while at the same time canned meat, canned tuna, mineral water, sesame paste, tea and coffee are allowed into the Gaza Strip.
According to the Failing Gaza after one year report by Amnesty International and other organisations cement, glass, steel, bitumen, wood, paint, doors, plastic pipes, metal pipes, metal reinforcement rods, aggregate, generators, high voltage cables and wooden telegraph poles are "high priority reconstruction materials currently with no or highly limited entry into Gaza through official crossings." A 2009 UN report by Kevin M. Cahill called the restrictions "Draconian", and said that reconstruction is halted because Israel does not permit the importation of steel, cement or glass, among other building materials, and has restricted importation of lentils, pasta, tomato paste and juice, as well as batteries for hearing aids for deaf children. He said that despite the restrictions UNRWA has been able to provide a basic food supply to over a million refugees in the Gaza Strip. He added that he "visited a food station where hundreds of displaced persons waited to collect their meager staples of rice, sugar, lentils and cooking oil. While this program may save people from starvation, it is a diet that does not prevent the highest level of anemia in the region, with alarming rates of childhood stunting due to inadequate nutrition."
The Palestinians who negotiated the 2008 cease-fire believed that the commerce in Gaza was to be restored to the levels preceding Israel's withdrawal in 2005 and Hamas's electoral victory. Israeli policy tied the easing of the blockade on success in reducing rocket fire. Israel permitted a 20% increase in goods trucked into Gaza in the pre-lull period, up from 70 to 90 truckloads a day, including not only humanitarian supplies but also clothes, shoes, refrigerators, and construction materials. Fuel supplies increased from 55MW worth to 65MW worth. BBC News reported in 11 November that Gaza was then receiving only 28% of the amount of goods traded before the Hamas takeover.
Over the one-month period from 4 November to 8 December, approximately 700 truck loads of goods went into Gaza, accounting for approximately 1/40th of estimated pre-blockade commerce.
Israel stated that food imports into the Strip were restricted by its inability to operate at border checkpoints. It accused Hamas of exacerbating fuel shortages by leading labor union strikes by power plant workers. It has also accused Hamas of underfunding the Gaza health care system, and then blaming the situation on Israel despite supposed free trade of medical supplies. Shipments of permitted aid including medicines have expired due to the time taken to get permission to pass through border crossings requiring their destruction. Israel states that three people claimed to require medical attention in Israel were in fact planning attacks in Israel as the reason why Israel imposes travel restrictions on Gazans.
Tunnels.
The tunnels are mainly located at Rafah on the border of the Gaza Strip and Egypt. The tunnels connect the Egyptian town of Rafah with the Palestinian refugee camp of Rafah. As a result of the blockade, these tunnels have become a vital supply artery for Gaza.
The tunnels are used for various purposes. They have been used to transport people (in and out) and commercial materials like medicine, food and clothes, cigarettes, alcohol, and vehicle parts into Gaza. Israel says they are used to smuggle illegal arms (including rockets, mortars and explosives) to Gaza militants. Often cars are sliced into four parts and transported across and re-assembled in Gaza. Ahead of the Islamic festival, Eid al-Adha, they were used to transport live cattle.
According to a tunnel operator, Israel bombards tunnels from the air, while Egypt either pumps poisonous gases and water or detonates explosives to destroy the tunnels. During the Gaza war, Israel destroyed most of the tunnels, reducing their number to 150 (from 3,000) as of late 2009. Egypt is constructing an underground steel barrier to prevent circumvention of the blockade through tunnels.
Effects of land blockade on Gaza.
There have been several reports and studies analysing the effect of the blockade on Gaza.
In July 2008, an UNRWA report on the situation in Gaza stated that "the number of households in Gaza below the consumption poverty line continued to grow, reaching 51.8 percent in 2007 (from 50.7 percent in 2006)". In the same year, a Palestinian Bureau of Statistics study concluded that 80% of families in Gaza were living below the poverty line. The CIA World Fact book places this figure at an estimated 70% for 2009.
A World Health Organisation assessment conducted in 2009 claimed that the level of anemia in babies (9–12 months) was as high as 65%, while a Socio-economic and Food Security Survey Report stated that 61% of Gazans are food insecure and reliant on humanitarian aid. Of those that are food insecure, 65% are children under 18 years. Lastly, a European Network of Implementing Development Agencies (EUNIDA) report notes that, because of the security buffer zone imposed around Gaza as part of the blockade, as of June 2009, 46% of agricultural land was either inaccessible or out of production.
On 14 June 2010, the International Committee of the Red Cross noted that the increasing scarcity of items has led to rises in cost of goods while quality has fallen. There is also "an acute electricity crisis", where electricity supplies are "interrupted for seven hours a day on average". As a consequence, they note that public services, particularly health services, have suffered, posing "a serious risk to the treatment of patients". In addition, medical equipment is difficult to repair, and medical staff cannot leave to gain more training. Lastly, the ICRC note that sanitation is suffering, because construction projects lack the equipment needed, or the equipment is of poor quality. Only 60% of the population is connected to a sewerage collection system, with the rest polluting the Gaza aquifer. As a result, water is largely "unfit for consumption".
A 25 May 2010 United Nations Development Programme report stated that, as a result of the blockade, most of Gaza's manufacturing industry has closed, and unemployment stood at an estimated 40%, a decrease on previous years. The blockade has also prevented much needed construction, noting that almost "none of the 3,425 homes destroyed during Cast Lead have been reconstructed, displacing around 20,000 people". Less than 20% "of the value of the damages to educational facilities has been repaired", only "half of the damage to the power network has been repaired", "no repair has been made to the transport infrastructure", "a quarter of damaged farmland has been rehabilitated and only 40% of private businesses have been repaired".
Economic sanctions.
Following the implementation of the blockade, Israel halted all exports from the Gaza Strip. Israeli human rights organization Gisha, the Legal Center for Freedom of Movement, obtained an Israeli government document which says "A country has the right to decide that it chooses not to engage in economic relations or to give economic assistance to the other party to the conflict, or that it wishes to operate using 'economic warfare,' ". Sari Bashi, the director of Gisha, said that this showed that Israel wasn't imposing its blockade for its stated reasons of a security measure to prevent weapons from entering Gaza, but rather as collective punishment for the Palestinian population of Gaza.
In November 2010, the Israeli government allowed Gaza to resume agricultural exports, while still banning industrial exports. Shortly afterward, Gazan farmers began exporting strawberries, peppers, carnations, and cherry tomatoes. The exports travel to Europe via Israel, and Israel then transfers the money to agricultural cooperatives, which in turn pay the Palestinian farmers. The exports were implemented with aid from the Netherlands, which was monitored by the Israeli defense establishment.
Naval blockade.
Israel has combined the Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza's land borders with a maritime blockade of Gaza's port and coastline by the Israeli Navy. Israeli patrol boats regularly cruise off Gaza’s coastline and routinely fire on Palestinian fishing vessels that go more than 6 nautical miles from shore. Israel has intercepted a number of vessels providing aid for Gaza, claiming that they may be providing goods that may be used to build arms. Cynthia McKinney and Mairead Maguire were captured by Israel attempting to sail to Gaza and deported. The supplies McKinney and Maguire were carrying on board were later delivered to Gaza over land by truck.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has said that Turkish warships will escort Turkish boats bringing humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip.
In 2010, Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas declared that he opposed lifting the naval blockade of the Gaza Strip because this would bolster Hamas. Egypt also supported this position.
Effect on the fishing industry.
The sea blockade has caused damage to Gaza fishing industry. Palestinian fishing was originally to be permitted up to offshore under the 1994 Gaza–Jericho Agreement. The agreement wasn't implemented and Israel allows fishermen to travel only offshore, reduced from in 2007. Israeli officials say the restrictions are necessary because of past incidents of Palestinians using fishing boats for smuggling and attacks. One fisherman who went outside these limits was forced to strip down to his underwear and swim to a naval vessel. He was blindfolded, handcuffed and taken in for questioning. The Israeli Navy's response was that it was checking for weapons. The Navy reports they intercepted the craft entering Gaza from Egypt. B'Tselem has released a report documenting the "continual shooting at, abuse of, and humiliation of" Palestinian fishermen.
According to the Fishing Under Fire Report 2009, since the declaration of the "ceasefire"(18 January 2009), till the end of 2009:
– 1 fisherman was killed by naval gunfire.
– at least 7 fishermen have been injured by naval gunfire and at least another one sustained burns after shelling in the sea, while another fisherman was reported by several media to be lightly injured by gunfire, but his name wasn't reported.
– at least 6 Palestinian civilians were injured on shore by Israeli Naval gunfire (among them 4 children) and several others have been reportedly injured (among them another 5 fishermen have been reportedly injured on shore by Israeli shelling)
– 68 arrests of fishermen have been reported (at least 2 fishermen arrests twice) and 29 "confiscations" of fishing boats. Several fishing boats have been returned but with damages and equipment missing, and at least one hassaka (small fishing boat) was confiscated again.
– 1 Greek boat of the Free Gaza Movement ("Spirit of Humanity", official name "Arion") was seized and confiscated and all the 21 passengers and crew detained and later deported.
The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has estimated that Gaza fishermen need to journey at least 12–15 nautical miles from shore to catch larger shoals, and sardines in particular are offshore. Shoals closer to shore have been depleted. The total catch pre-blockade in 1999 was nearly 4,000 tons, this was reduced to 2,700 tons in 2008. In the 90s, the Gaza fishing industry was worth $10 million annually or 4% of the total Palestinian economy; this was halved between 2001 and 2006. 45,000 Palestinians were employed in the fishing industry, employed in jobs such as catching fish, repairing nets and selling fish. Fish also provided much-needed animal protein to Gazans' diet.
The International Committee of the Red Cross also notes that "90% of Gaza's 4000 fishermen are now considered either poor (with a monthly income of between 100 and 190 US dollars) or very poor (earning less than 100 dollars a month), up from 50% in 2008." Nezar Ayyash, head of Gaza's fishermen's union, is quoted as saying that he has been arrested and his boat confiscated several times.
Energy restrictions.
Almost all of Gaza's liquid fuel and about half of its electricity are supplied by Israel, while Gaza's sole power plant runs on crude diesel supplied by Israel. In late October 2007, in response to persistent rocket fire on Southern Israel, the Security Cabinet of Israel decided to cut diesel exports to Gaza by 15% and gasoline exports by 10%, and to create targeted electrical outages for 15 minutes after a rocket attack. According to Israeli officials, the energy flow to hospitals and Israeli shipments of crude diesel to Gaza's sole power plant would remain unaffected. The Israeli government argued that these limited energy cuts are a non-violent way to protest against Hamas rocket attacks.
The following day, Attorney General of Israel Menachem Mazuz suspended the electricity cuts, and the Israeli Supreme Court gave the government three days to justify its energy cuts policy.
On 1 December 2007, the Israeli Supreme Court ruled that the electricity cuts were unlawful, and ordered the Israeli military to stop them by the following day. In its ruling, however, the court allowed Israel to continue reducing its diesel and gasoline shipments to Gaza.
Control of Gazan air space.
The Oslo Accords interim peace agreements between the Palestinian Authority and Israel specify Israeli security control over Gazan airspace and coastal waters.
Gazan air space is controlled by radar. Unmanned aerial surveillance drones regularly patrol, there are regular overflights by Israeli fighter jets and a surveillance balloon is tethered near the Erez crossing.
Although the Yasser Arafat International Airport was destroyed by the Israeli Army in 2002, there is a remaining landing strip at the Gaza Airstrip which is potentially capable of accommodating STOL aircraft such as the DHC-7 were the air blockade to be lifted.
Debate.
Egyptian arguments.
Egypt's argument is that it cannot open Rafah crossing unless the Palestinian Authority headed by Mahmoud Abbas controls the crossing and international monitors are present. Egypt Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit said Hamas wants the border opened because it would represent Egyptian recognition of the group's control of Gaza. "Of course this is something we cannot do," he said, "because it would undermine the legitimacy of the Palestinian Authority and consecrate the split between Gaza and the West Bank."
According to Sharif Elmusa, Associate Professor of Political Science at the American University in Cairo, Israel wants Gaza to fade into Egypt. Egyptian authorities are determined to avoid opening the Rafah crossing without ending the Israeli siege, which would ultimately serve Israel’s goal of displacing the Gaza problem onto Egypt. Secondly it is Cairo’s concern that under Hamas rule violence can spill into Sinai and threaten tourism, leaving Egypt vulnerable to US and Israeli accusations of ineffectively fighting terrorism.
Following the events of the Gaza flotilla raid in May 2010, after Egypt opened its borders with Gaza, it was reported that former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was caught between the need to appease growing public anger at Israel's actions and the necessity of maintaining his close relationship with Israel. This friendship was needed to secure more than $2bn of American aid annually, money on which many analysts believe Mubarak's former regime depended on.
Israeli arguments.
In September 2007, citing an intensification of Qassam rocket attacks, Israel prevented the transfer of electricity, fuel, and other supplies into Gaza. Israel stated that the purpose of the blockade was to pressure Hamas into ending the rocket attacks and to deprive them of the supplies necessary for the continuation of rocket attacks. Israel argues that it is not legally responsible for Gaza beyond whatever is necessary to avoid a humanitarian crisis.
A US Congressional Research Service report claimed 'While there are differing views in Israel concerning the Gaza blockade [...] most Israelis equate security with survival and peace. Israel’s leaders appear to believe that the blockade of the Gaza Strip other security and deterrence measures, have brought about a quiet ... As of the date of the Gaza flotilla incident, no Israeli had been killed in a terrorist or in a cross-border rocket attack in more than a year. Therefore, the Israeli government is reluctant to abandon the blockade tactic worked ... from its perspective.'
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu maintained that the blockade is necessary to prevent weapons from reaching Gaza. He said, “(I)t’s our obligation—as well as our right in accordance to international law and to common sense—to prevent these weapons
from entering by air, sea, and land.” Referring to the Gaza flotilla, he added, “Had the blockade been breached, this flotilla would have been followed by dozens, by hundreds of ships. The amount of weapons that can be transported aboard a ship is totally different from what we saw get through the tunnels.”. He argued that the consequences of Israel’s failure to maintain the blockade would be “an Iranian port in Gaza, only a few dozen kilometers from Tel Aviv and Jerusalem.”
An Israeli government document stated, A country has the right to decide that it chooses not to engage in economic relations or to give economic assistance to the other party to the conflict, or that it wishes to operate using 'economic warfare'. An Israeli government spokesman added in 2010 that the blockade is intended to bring about a political goal and that Israel "could not lift the embargo altogether as long as Hamas remains in control" of Gaza.
Speaking in 2006, Dov Weisglass, an advisor to Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, allegedly said that, "The idea is to put the Palestinians on a diet, but not to make them die of hunger." Although this quote is widely reported, the original quote appears to have been: "It's like an appointment with a dietician. The Palestinians will get a lot thinner, but won't die." Weisglass has denied this report.
According to US diplomatic cables obtained by the Wikileaks organization, diplomats stationed in the US embassy in Tel Aviv were briefed by Israelis on the blockade of the Gaza Strip. One of the cables states that "as part of their overall embargo plan against Gaza, Israeli officials have confirmed (...) on multiple occasions that they intend to keep the Gazan economy on the brink of collapse without quite pushing it over the edge".
Legal arguments.
According to Princeton University professor emeritus of international law Richard Falk, there exists an "overwhelming consensus" view among qualified international law specialists that both the blockade and its enforcement are illegal.
In September 2011, a UN investigative committee concluded in the Palmer Report that the naval blockade is legal.
The findings of the Palmer report on the legality of the naval blockade were disputed by a panel of five UN human rights experts, who said that the blockade amounted to a "flagrant contravention of international human rights and humanitarian law". The panel said the Palmer report failed to recognize that the naval blockade was part of Israel's closure policy toward Gaza, which disproportionately affects civilians. Richard Falk said the authors of the Palmer report were poorly qualified to assess legal aspects of the blockade, and that they were politically motivated to find the naval blockade legal.
Since 2005 Israel asserts that it ended its occupation of Gaza when it disengaged from the coastal strip in 2005. After Israel's unilateral disengagement plan from the Gaza strip, Israel no longer has troops stationed within Gaza. Israel has retained control over Gaza's airspace and coastline, and over its own border with the territory. Egypt has control of its border with Gaza. Israel and Egypt also control the flow of goods in and out. Israel controls fuel imports to Gaza, and also controls the majority of electricity used in Gaza (approximately 60%), which it supplies from the Israeli electrical grid. There have been a series of attacks by Israeli ground forces such as the 2008–2009 Israel–Gaza conflict, as well as rocket attacks on Israel and cross-border attacks by Gazan militant groups against Israeli troops.
Human Rights Watch argues that Israel is still an occupying power and is responsible for Gaza under the "1949 Fourth Geneva Convention", which seeks to protect the civilian population.
BBC's World Affairs correspondent Paul Reynolds said that if Gaza is treated as a "hostile entity" the question is whether the measures used by Israel and Egypt sufficiently distinguish between civilian and military. The 1977 amendment to the Geneva Conventions protocols prohibits the use of collective measures that do not distinguish between civilians and military. The amendment protects civilian populations in time of conflicts that fall short of war. Israel has not signed these protocols but there is an expectation internationally that it should respect them. Hamas does not administer an internationally recognized state and also has not signed these protocols. Amnesty International said that “The blockade constitutes collective punishment under international law and must be lifted immediately,” and that as the occupying power, Israel has a duty under international law to ensure the welfare of Gaza’s inhabitants, including their rights to health, education, food and adequate housing.
Justus Weiner and Avi Bell of the JCPA said that Israel’s combat actions and blockade cannot be considered collective punishment. They cite Article 75(4)(b) of Protocol I Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, which says the bar on collective punishment forbids the imposition of criminal-type penalties on individuals or groups on the basis of another’s guilt, or the commission of acts that would otherwise violate the rules of distinction and/or proportionality. According to Weiner and Bell, the blockade does not "involve the imposition of criminal-type penalties or the violation of the rules of distinction and proportionality."
International positions.
United Nations.
On 24 January 2008, the United Nations Human Rights Council released a statement calling for Israel to lift its siege on the Gaza Strip, allow the continued supply of food, fuel, and medicine, and reopen border crossings. According to the Jerusalem Post, this was the 15th time in less than two years the council condemned Israel for its human rights record regarding the Palestinian territories. The proceedings were boycotted by Israel and the United States. Prior to this, U.N. Undersecretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs, John Holmes, described the blockade as "collective punishment", saying, "We all understand the security problems and the need to respond to that but collective punishment of the people of Gaza is not, we believe, the appropriate way to do that."
On 15 December 2008, following a statement in which he described the embargo on Gaza a crime against humanity, United Nations Special Rapporteur Richard A. Falk was prevented from entering the Palestinian territories by Israeli authorities and expelled from the region. The Israeli Ambassador to the United Nations Itzhak Levanon said that the mandate of the Special Rapporteur was "hopelessly unbalanced," "redundant at best and malicious at worst."
In August 2009, U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay criticised Israel for the blockade in a 34-page report, calling it a violation of the rules of war.
In March 2010, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon stated that the blockade of Gaza is causing "unacceptable suffering" and that families were living in "unacceptable, unsustainable conditions".
A UN Fact Finding mission in September 2009 led by South African Judge Richard Goldstone (the Goldstone report) concluded that the blockade was possibly a crime against humanity, and recommended that the matter be referred to the International Criminal Court if the situation has not improved in six months.
In May 2010, the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs stated that the formal economy in Gaza has collapsed since the imposition of the blockade. They also stated that the "restrictions imposed on the civilian population by the continuing blockade of the Gaza Strip amount to collective punishment, a violation of international humanitarian law."
In June 2010, United Nations envoy to the Middle East and former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair stated that "The policy of Gaza is counter-productive and what should be doing is allow material in to rebuild homes and sanitation and power and water systems and allow business to flourish. Nor do we in fact do damage to the position of Hamas by harming people in Gaza. People are harmed when the quality of service is poor and people cannot work." He also called for Hamas to stop the "terrorism coming out of Gaza". In the same month, Robert Serry, the UN special envoy for Middle East peace process, also said that "The flotilla crisis is the latest symptom of a failed policy. The situation in Gaza is unsustainable and the current policy is unacceptable and counter-productive, and requires a different, more positive strategy. The closure and blockade of the Gaza Strip needs to come to an end. There is now a welcome international consensus on Gaza."
In the September 2011 Palmer Report, the UN investigative committee for the 2010 Flotilla to Gaza said that the Israel's naval blockade of Gaza is legal under international law, but that "the Panel cannot make
definitive findings either of fact or law. But it can give its view."
European Union.
EU Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid Kristalina Georgieva, said that she believes that the "humanitarian crisis...was artificially created because of the blockade," but added that the idea of a flotilla is not the correct action to take: "We are not in favor of attempts to help people in this way."
Countries.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan made harsh comments against the blockade, especially following the Gaza flotilla raid. Erdoğan raised the possibility of trying to forcibly breach the blockade by sending the Turkish Navy to escort any future flotilla or by trying to visit Gaza himself. The Turkish government made it clear that it opposes the blockade and regards it as illegal, and before the flotilla raid, issued a demand for safe passage. However, Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu said that Turkey was willing to normalize relations with Israel if it lifted the blockade. Following Israel's easing of the blockade, the Turkish Foreign Ministry called it "a positive but insufficient step", and said that "Turkey considers that Israel's inhuman blockade of Gaza represents a threat to regional peace and stability and considers that the blockade must be entirely lifted.
After visiting Gaza in March 2010, Irish foreign minister Micheál Martin described the Israeli blockade of Palestinian-ruled Gaza as "inhumane and unacceptable" and called on the European Union and other countries to increase pressure on Israel to lift the blockade. Michael Martin was the first EU foreign minister to enter Gaza in over a year. He said that all that is being achieved through the blockade is to "enrich Hamas and marginalize even further the voices of moderation."
David Cameron, the UK Prime Minister, during Prime Minister's Questions, stated that "Friends of Israel – and I count myself a friend of Israel – should be saying to the Israelis that the blockade actually strengthens Hamas's grip on the economy and on Gaza, and it's in their own interests to lift it and allow these vital supplies to get through. ... We should do everything we can through the UN, where resolution 1860 is absolutely clear about the need to end the blockade and to open up Gaza." In July 2010, Cameron called on Israel to relax the blockade. He said "Humanitarian goods and people must flow in both directions. Gaza cannot and must not be allowed to remain a prison camp." In response, Ephraim Sneh, former Israeli minister, said: "Cameron is right – Gaza is a prison camp, but those who control the prison are Hamas. I'm totally against the double standards of a nation which fights the Taliban but is showing its solidarity with their brothers, Hamas.
Nick Clegg, the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom speaking after the Gaza flotilla raid, criticized the blockade saying “So the events of the last 24/48 hours confirm in my mind, as they do if you hear what William Hague and David Cameron have done and everyone in Government, the view that the blockade on Gaza is neither sustainable nor tenable in its present form.” He also commented that "If we needed any confirmation about the unjustified and untenable blockade of Gaza, we have been reminded overnight of the need to lift this blockade. What is going on in Gaza is a humanitarian catastrophe. While of course Israel has every right to defend itself and its citizens from attack, we must now move towards lifting the blockade from Gaza as soon as possible."
William Hague, the Foreign Secretary, said in a prepared speech to the House of Commons that the blockade of Gaza was "unacceptable and unsustainable", and that it was "the view of the British government, including the previous government, that restrictions on Gaza should be lifted – a view confirmed in United Nations security council resolution 1860 which called for sustained delivery of humanitarian aid and which called on states to alleviate the humanitarian and economic situation", and that "current Israeli restrictions are counterproductive for Israel's long term security".
Acting Labour Leader Harriet Harman also stated that "This blockade must end."
Although the United States officially supports the blockade, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met Israeli Minister of Defence Ehud Barak in February 2010 and urged him to ease the blockade. The United States has long been pressing Israel to ease the restrictions on Gaza. Speaking about the Gaza flotilla raid, which occurred on 31 May 2010, Clinton stated that "The situation in Gaza is unsustainable and unacceptable." In regards to the impending second Gaza flotilla, Clinton has stated that, "the Gaza flotilla is not necessary or useful."
Groups and individuals.
On 7 March 2008, several international aid groups, including Amnesty International, CARE International UK, and Oxfam, issued a report saying that the humanitarian situation in the Gaza Strip was more acute than at any time since the beginning of the Israeli occupation in 1967. While critical of Palestinian militants firing rockets from Gaza into Israel, and acknowledging that "Israel has the right and obligation to protect its citizens", they said that as the "occupying power in Gaza" it also has a legal duty to ensure Gaza civilians have access to food, clean water, electricity and medical care. They urged Israel to lift the blockade, characterizing it as collective punishment against the 1.5 million residents of the territory.
According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, "The hardship faced by Gaza's 1.5 million people cannot be addressed by providing humanitarian aid. The only sustainable solution is to lift the closure." Describing the blockade itself, they referred to it as "a collective punishment imposed in clear violation of Israel's obligations under international humanitarian law".
The Islamic Action Front (IAF), a Jordanian Islamist group, criticized Egypt for the blockade and accused it of "collaborating" with Israel and the United States. "The Egyptian authorities are ...increasing the suffering of the Palestinians in Gaza by building the steel wall and closing the border crossings with Gaza," said Hamzah Mansour, a member of the Shura Council of the IAF.
Notable individuals have also taken positions on the blockade:

</doc>
<doc id="19224323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224323" title="Ginty">
Ginty

Ginty is an Irish people surname and, less commonly, a given name that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19224340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224340" title="KYUL">
KYUL

KYUL (1310 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Scott City, Kansas, USA, the station is currently owned by Steckline Communications and features programing from ESPN Radio, Fox News Radio and Westwood One. It simulcasts most of the programming of sister station KIUL, Garden City.
Prior to Steckline's acquisition, KYUL's call letters were KFLA. Before it and KIUL were spun off from Western Kansas Broadcasting, KFLA was a sister station to Cool 94, an FM station licensed to Scott City. Cool 94, originally known as KULL, is no longer on the air and the frequency is silent.

</doc>
<doc id="19224354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224354" title="Kay Glans">
Kay Glans

Kay Standy Glans (born 17 October 1955 in Finja, Kristianstad County, Sweden) is a Swedish poet, essayist, publisher and literary critic. Glans has contributed to a number of anthologies, mainly on political subjects. He has also published two collections of poems: "Människans art" (1980) and "Från den norra provinsen" (1986).
Glans was the executive editor of the magazine "Axess" from its founding in 2002 until he resigned in 2006. He has also worked as editor of the featured article-page "Under strecket" in "Svenska Dagbladet" and served on the editorial board of the magazine "Moderna tider".
Glans was awarded the Carl Emil Englund Award () in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19224364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224364" title="Do Travel Writers Go to Hell?">
Do Travel Writers Go to Hell?

Do Travel Writers Go to Hell? is a memoir and gonzo travelogue written by Thomas Kohnstamm and published by Three Rivers Press.
The book was met with a global media coverage prior to its release and positive reviews when it hit the shelves in April 2008. A "New York Times" book review calls "this rollicking exposé of the travel book industry...the most depraved travel book of the year".

</doc>
<doc id="19224371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224371" title="Tufi">
Tufi

Tufi is a town located on the south eastern peninsula of Cape Nelson, Oro Province, Papua New Guinea. Tufi is located on a tropical fjord of Cape Nelson surrounded by many uncharted reefs. The area is also famous for its production of tapa cloth.
The Tufi Dive Resort provides diving experiences of the reefs, sunken ships and aircraft. Tufi is serviced by Tufi Airport.
History.
Tufi was an Australian New Guinea Administrative Unit (ANGAU) Station during World War II. The United States Navy built an PT boat advanced base at Tufi which commenced operations on 20 December 1942 to support the Battle of Buna–Gona. Two PT boats, PT-67 & PT-119 caught fire while refueling at the bases wharf and sank on 17 March 1943 at the wharf. The PT boat base was relocated to Morobe on 20 April 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19224415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224415" title="Jumhuriya">
Jumhuriya

Jumhūriyyah () is the word for "republic" in the Arabic language. Loanwords representing variations of the term also exist in other languages such as Turkish and Persian.
States known officially as "Jumhūriyyah":

</doc>
<doc id="19224420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224420" title="Ramón Ramírez (Venezuelan pitcher)">
Ramón Ramírez (Venezuelan pitcher)

Ramón A. Ramírez (born September 16, 1982 in Cagua, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan pitcher who is currently with the Petroleros de Minatitlán. He stands tall and weighs . Previously, he has pitched for the Cincinnati Reds. He bats and throws right-handed. He throws three pitches: a fastball, a slider, and a changeup.
Ramírez was signed by the San Diego Padres in 2000 as an outfielder, but he was released in 2001. The Reds signed him in 2003 as a pitcher, and he reached the major leagues in 2008, when he made four starts for the Reds. The next year, he appeared in 11 games in relief for the Reds. After the season, the Tampa Bay Rays claimed him off waivers, but they released him. The Boston Red Sox claimed him off waivers, and he spent 2010 in the minor leagues for them. He signed with the Doosan Bears of the Korean Baseball Organization in 2011, but he was released before appearing in a game with them.
Professional career.
San Diego Padres.
On March 27, 2000, Ramírez was signed by the San Diego Padres as an outfielder. He was released by the Padres on June 12, 2001.
Cincinnati Reds.
2004–2007.
On May 12, 2003, Ramírez was signed by the Cincinnati Reds, this time as a pitcher. In 2004, he pitched for the Billings Mustangs of the Pioneer League, a rookie league. In 17 games (12 starts), he had three wins and six losses, which was tied for fourth in the league. However, he was 10th in the league in strikeouts (60), third in innings pitched (), and second in earned run average (3.39, behind only Samuel Deduno's 3.18 ERA).
In 2005, Ramírez pitched for the Dayton Dragons of the single-A Midwest League. He had a 5–7 record, a 4.50 ERA, 114 innings pitched, and 90 strikeouts in 30 games (19 starts).
Ramírez pitched for the Sarasota Reds of the single-A advanced Florida State League in 2006. He had a 4–5 record, a 4.29 ERA, 53 strikeouts, 65 innings pitched, and one complete game in 15 games (11 starts).
In 2007, Ramírez began the year with Sarasota again. He had a 5–2 record, a 4.05 ERA, innings pitched, and 86 strikeouts in 15 games (12 starts); and he was promoted to the Chattanooga Lookouts of the double-A Southern League on June 22. At Chattanooga, used exclusively as a relief pitcher, he had a 5–1 record, a 4.60 ERA, innings pitched, and 35 strikeouts in 16 games. On August 18, he was promoted to the Louisville Bats of the triple-A International League to replace Elizardo Ramírez, who was called up to the Reds. With Louisville, Ramón Ramírez had a 1–0 record, an 0.00 ERA, innings pitched, and 16 strikeouts in five games (two starts). In the minor leagues that year, he had 11 wins (tied for fourth in the Reds' system), 3 losses, a 3.70 ERA (ninth), innings pitched, and 137 strikeouts (second) in 36 games (14 starts). The Cincinnati Reds added him to their 40-man roster on November 20.
2008.
Ramírez attended Reds' spring training in but was optioned to the minors on March 10 after having an 11.57 ERA in three games. He began the season with Chattanooga. After he had a 2–3 record, a 4.70 ERA, 46 innings pitched, and 52 strikeouts in 11 games (nine starts), he was promoted to Louisville on May 23. At Louisville, he had a 4–5 record, a 3.08 ERA, innings pitched, and 93 strikeouts in 19 games (15 starts). On August 30, he was called up to the Reds make a start that day in place of the injured Johnny Cueto. He gave up three runs over seven innings while striking out six, but he received a no decision in a 7–6 victory over the San Francisco Giants. He was optioned to Sarasota the next day to make room for Wilkin Castillo on the roster but was recalled on September 2. On September 4, he threw three perfect innings in relief of an injured Josh Fogg in an 8–6 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates. Afterwards, he made three more starts for the Reds. He got his first career decision (a win) on September 19 when he gave up two runs and struck out five batters in six innings as the Reds defeated the Milwaukee Brewers, 11–2. He got his only other decision of the year on September 24, when he gave up two runs in five innings in a 5–0 loss to the Houston Astros. Ramírez finished the year 1–1, with a 2.67 ERA, 21 strikeouts, and 27 innings pitched in 5 games (4 starts). In the minors, he had a 6–8 record, a 3.59 ERA, 145 strikeouts, and innings pitched in 30 games (24 starts).
2009.
Ramírez was expected to compete for a spot in the Reds' starting rotation in ; however, because he missed much of spring training at the World Baseball Classic, he began the year with Louisville. On May 19, he was called up from Louisville to replace the injured Nick Masset in the bullpen. After appearing in one game, he was optioned back to Louisville on May 22 to make room for Carlos Fisher on the roster. He remained in Louisville until August 31, when he was recalled between games of a doubleheader. After giving up 4 runs in his first 3 games of the season, Ramírez gave up 1 run in his last 8 games. Used exclusively out of the bullpen, he finished the year with an 0–0 record, a 3.65 ERA, eight strikeouts, and innings pitched in 11 games. At Louisville, he had a 6–7 record, a 4.03 ERA, 78 strikeouts, and innings pitched in 31 games (20 starts).
Tampa Bay Rays/Boston Red Sox.
On November 9, the Tampa Bay Rays claimed Ramírez off waivers, but they released him on December 3. On December 9, the Boston Red Sox claimed him off waivers. He spent the 2010 season with the Pawtucket Red Sox of the International League, where he had a 5–5 record, a 4.92 ERA, one complete game, 97 innings pitched, and 80 strikeouts in 28 games (13 starts). On November 6, he became a free agent.
Doosan Bears.
In 2011, Ramírez signed with the Doosan Bears of the Korean Baseball Organization. However, he was released before playing a regular season game after he struggled in the preseason.
International play.
In 2009, Ramírez represented Venezuela in the World Baseball Classic, deciding to play in the tournament at the last minute. On March 10, he gave up one run in three innings of relief as Venezuela defeated Italy 10–1 to advance to the second round of the Classic. He pitched a scoreless of an inning on March 16 as Venezuela defeated Puerto Rico 2–0. In his final game of the Classic (on March 18), Ramírez gave up two runs in innings, but Venezuela defeated the United States 10–6 to advance to the semifinals.
Pitching style.
Ramírez throws three pitches: a fastball, a slider, and a changeup. Rays' general manager Andrew Friedman described the fastball as "average," the slider as "pretty good," and the changeup as "above-average."

</doc>
<doc id="19224455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224455" title="Space Battleship Yamato (video game)">
Space Battleship Yamato (video game)

Reception.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the game a 33 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="19224473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224473" title="Leandro Bernardi Silva">
Leandro Bernardi Silva

Leandro Bernardi Silva, shortly Leandro (born October 6, 1979, in Osasco) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Avaí Futebol Clube.
Career.
Paraná Clube engaged on 28 March 2009 the Brazilian defender, the player arrives from Daegu FC (Korea).

</doc>
<doc id="19224490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224490" title="Peacock Alley (jazz club)">
Peacock Alley (jazz club)

Peacock Alley was one of St. Louis's most important jazz clubs in the 1950s. Located in the entertainment district of Gaslight Square, it attracted performances from Miles Davis, John Coltrane, the Chet Baker Quartet and many others. Davis' album "Miles Davis Quintet at Peacock Alley" was recorded there over two weekends in July 1956.
It closed in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19224503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224503" title="2008 United States election (disambiguation)">
2008 United States election (disambiguation)

2008 United States election may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19224516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224516" title="Israelite School of Universal Practical Knowledge">
Israelite School of Universal Practical Knowledge

Israelite School of Universal Practical Knowledge (ISUPK) is a non-profit organization based in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, United States. The group is part of the Hebrew Israelism movement, which regards American blacks as descendants of the Twelve Tribes of Israel. The Southern Poverty Law Center has labeled ISUPK an "extremist" and "black supremacist" group.
ISUPK has demonstrated many times at the corner of Seventh and H streets in Washington, D.C., since 2004, but residents complain the group amplifies their open-air preaching to more than 90 decibels and that their message is offensive. Some homeowners say the group accuses white and gay people of destroying historically black neighborhoods and at least one resident has complained of being called "cracker, slave owner, white devil", but reiterated that volume, rather than the group's speech content, is the problem.
ISUPK and other groups' volume prompted D.C.'s municipal government to consider an ordinance to "resolve the issue". The measure would have limited the volume of daytime noncommercial speech to 70 decibels, but died due to free speech concerns. ISUPK regional director General Yahanna defended the group, saying residents' real issue with the group is not sound, but their message. The group identifies its message as saving local residents' souls and discouraging people from drugs and crime and says its separatist teachings are the real issue residents have.

</doc>
<doc id="19224527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224527" title="Joi (TV channel)">
Joi (TV channel)

Joi is an Italian Entertainment TV channel, owned by Mediaset and broadcast on Premium Gallery, a Digital terrestrial television service in Italy. It is devoted to Family entertainment and broadcasts Movie and TV Series. At the moment, "Joi" is not available on satellite television, and is only available in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19224530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224530" title="Gene redundancy">
Gene redundancy

Gene redundancy is the existence of several genes in the genome of an organism that perform the same role to some extent. This is the case for many sets of paralogous genes. When an individual gene in such a set is disrupted by mutation or targeted knockout, there can be little effect on phenotype as a result of gene redundancy, whereas the effect is large for double or triple gene knockouts.

</doc>
<doc id="19224532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224532" title="Peter Alfred Gorer">
Peter Alfred Gorer

Peter Alfred Gorer FRS (14 April 1907 (London)–1961) was a British immunologist, pathologist and geneticist who pioneered the field of transplant immunology.
Peter Gorer was born in London to Edgar (drowned in the Lusitania sinking) and Rachel née Cohen Gorer. He died of lung cancer in 1961.
Education and work institutions.
He was educated at Charterhouse. He graduated from Guy's Hospital, London in 1929 and then studied genetics under J.B.S. Haldane at University College, London. From 1933 to 1940 Gorer worked at the Lister Institute before returning to Guy's Hospital to work as a pathologist.
Research.
Gorer is credited with the co-discovery of histocompatibility antigens and the elucidation of their genetic regulation. Together with George Snell, he helped discover the murine histocompatibility 2 locus, or H-2, which is analogous to the human leukocyte antigen. Gorer also identified antigen II and determined its role in transplant tissue rejection.

</doc>
<doc id="19224533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224533" title="Preuilly Abbey">
Preuilly Abbey

Preuilly Abbey (; ) was a Cistercian monastery in Égligny in the Seine-et-Marne department, France. It was located about 21 kilometres south-west of Provins and 15 kilometres east of Montereau-Fault-Yonne.
History.
Preuilly Abbey, the fifth daughter house of Cîteaux Abbey, was founded in 1118 by Stephen Harding on a site provided by Theobald of Blois, Count of Champagne. The first abbot was Arthaud. The abbey soon became prosperous and founded its own daughter houses, Vauluisant Abbey (1129) and Barbeau Abbey (1148). In 1146 La Colombe Abbey, founded some years previously, joined the Cistercian Order and put itself under the supervision of Preuilly.
In the 14th and 15th centuries the monastery was sacked and laid waste several times, and occupied by English troops. In 1536 it passed into the hands of commendatory abbots. It was plundered again in 1567 during the Wars of Religion and in 1652 during the Fronde. The buildings were restored at the beginning of the 18th century.
After the dissolution of the abbey in 1791 during the French Revolution the church was used as a saltpetre factory, and the other buildings were sold off at auction to different owners. Considerable demolition took place, which was brought to an end only in the years between 1829 and 1846, when a Dr. Husson bought up the site in small portions. The surviving buildings have been protected since 1927 as a "Monument historique".
Buildings and precinct.
The church, which dates from the second third of the 12th century and had a choir with a rose window and a transept with another rose window in the south front, is in ruins, as is the chapter house. The passage from the cloister to the church survives, as do the armarium, the sacristy, the entrance portal to the monastery between two round towers, and a part of the abbot's house. The abbey's 13th-century townhouse in Provins also survives.

</doc>
<doc id="19224575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224575" title="Molière (disambiguation)">
Molière (disambiguation)

Molière may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19224585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224585" title="Josh Whitesell">
Josh Whitesell

Joshua S. Whitesell (born April 14, 1982, in Durham, North Carolina) is an American professional baseball first baseman for the Chiba Lotte Marines of Nippon Professional Baseball.
In the minor leagues, Whitesell was a Carolina League mid-season All Star in 2005, and an Eastern League mid-season All-Star team in 2007. In 2008, Whitesell was voted the Diamondbacks' 2008 Minor League Player of the Year, a "Baseball America" Triple-A All Star, and the Pacific Coast League Rookie of the Year. "Baseball America" also ranked him the best power hitter in the organization, and as having the best strike zone discipline in the organization. Whitesell played for the Arizona Diamondbacks in Major League Baseball for parts of 2008 and 2009.
Heritage and early life.
Whitesell is Jewish. When he made the majors, he joined, among other Jewish major leaguers, Brad Ausmus, Kevin Youkilis, Ian Kinsler, Ryan Braun, Gabe Kapler, Jason Marquis, Jason Hirsh, John Grabow, Craig Breslow, Scott Feldman, and Scott Schoeneweis.
Whitesell attended Rialto High School in Rialto, California, and pitched and played first base for the school's Rialto Knights, with teammate Ricky Nolasco who now pitches for the The Los Angeles Dodgers. As a sophomore he was a 1st-team All-Citrus Belt League and 1st-team All-San Bernardino County selection, with an 8–4 record and a 1.88 ERA. He earned the same honors as a junior, finishing with a 7–4 record and a 2.95 ERA.
In his senior season he had an 8–2 record, 1.74 ERA, and a .520 batting average. He was also a 1st-team All-CIF Division I and 1st-team All-Citrus Belt League selection, voted San Bernardino County Player of the Year by the San Bernardino Sun, played for the San Bernardino County North All-Star team, selected to the CBCA Southern California All-Star team, and played for US Team in the Goodwill Games against Japan in Long Beach. He graduated in 2000 with a 4.2 grade point average, 2nd in his class of 685, and was class salutatorian.
Baseball career.
College (2001–03).
Whitesell played baseball for the Loyola Marymount University Lions (after having been recruited by California, UCLA, San Diego, Nevada, and Pepperdine), initially as a pitcher, from 2001 to 2003. The last series of his freshman year he was taking a lead off first when the left-handed pitcher gave him a "quick-pick." He fell back into the bag, tore his labrum, and needed surgery. Before that he had thrown 90–91 mph, but after surgery he threw about 84 mph.
Whitesell garnered 2nd team All-West Coast Conference accolades in 2003, his junior (and final) year, batting .340 with a .471 on-base percentage, .736 slugging percentage, 41 runs scored, 19 doubles, a team-high 15 home runs in 162 at bats, and team-best 47 RBIs. He also earned the league's Player of the Month award for February.
Whitesell, an engineering major, also won the Principal's Award for achievement in scholarship and service, and Superintendent's Award for academic excellence, earning a 4.0 GPA all six consecutive semesters.
Minor leagues.
Whitesell was drafted out of college in the 6th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft by the Montreal Expos.
Whitesell was voted a Carolina League mid-season All Star while playing for the Potomac Nationals in 2005, for whom he batted .293/.416/.524, and was voted the Eastern League player-of-the-week on July 23, 2006.
2007.
In , Whitesell played for the Double-A Harrisburg Senators in the Nationals' system, where he hit .284/.425/.512 with 78 runs, 23 doubles, 21 homers, and 74 RBIs in 119 games. He was named to the Eastern League mid-season All-Star team, and was added to the Nats' 40-man roster over the winter.
2008.
On March 15, , Whitesell was claimed off waivers by the Arizona Diamondbacks, and assigned to Triple-A Tucson.
Whitesell hit safely in 19 straight games from June 27 – July 18, 2008, batting .384 (28-for-73), the longest streak by a Sidewinder for the season, and tied for 4th in the PCL. He also had a 16-game hitting streak from July 23 – August 9, batting .525 (31-for-59) with 10 multi-hit games and 24 RBIs. Whitesell had a season-high 7 RBIs on May 23 vs. Sacramento.
In 2008 his 110 RBIs broke Lyle Overbay's team record from 2002, and was the fourth-most in the minors. He batted .328, with a .425 on-base percentage and 26 home runs. He also had 86 runs scored, and 36 doubles, in 127 games for Tucson. He finished the PCL season ranked 2nd in RBIs, tied for 4th in hits, and 7th in batting average. Whitesell led the Arizona Diamondbacks organization in home runs and RBIs, was 2nd in on-base percentage and slugging percentage (.568), and was 3rd in batting average, OPS (.993), runs scored, hits (156), and doubles. After the All-Star break, he batted .399 with a .497 on-base percentage and .696 slugging percentage.
Whitesell was voted the Diamondbacks' 2008 Minor League Player of the Year, the MLB.com pick as the Diamondbacks' player of the year, a Baseball America Triple-A All Star, and the Pacific Coast League Rookie of the Year (created in 1998 when the PCL expanded to 16 teams; previous PCL Rookies of the Year include Bobby Crosby, Félix Hernández, Jeremy Giambi, Chris Burke, and Howie Kendrick). "Baseball America" also ranked him the best power hitter in the organization, and as having the best strike zone discipline in the organization.
2009.
Playing for the Reno Aces in 2009, through May 5 (when he was brought up to the Diamondbacks), Whitesell was 2nd in the Pacific Coast League in on-base percentage (.477) and walks (20), 5th in batting average (.356) and hits (31), 6th in OPS (1.028), 8th in RBIs (20), and hitting for a .552 slugging percentage.
Through 2009, Whitesell had hit 113 home runs with a .394 on-base percentage and a .492 slugging percentage in seven minor-league seasons.
2010.
Whitesell played part of the 2010 season with the Nationals' AAA team, the Syracuse Chiefs, batting .304/.406/.446 in 184 at-bats, before signing with Tokyo Yakult Swallows.
Major leagues.
Arizona Diamondbacks (2008–09).
Whitesell made his major league debut on September 2, . He collected his first major league hit, a single, against the San Francisco Giants on September 15, during his first start. Whitesell hit his first home run on September 21, against Colorado Rockies pitcher Steven Register.
In December 2008, Whitesell appeared to be one of the top two candidates for the spot of top left-handed pinch hitter off the bench and reserve first baseman for the 2009 season.
In January 2009 "FanGraphs" writer Marc Hulet took the Diamondbacks to task for bringing back "aging pinch hitter Tony Clark", despite his 2008 line of .225/.359/.318, saying "it's quite possible that Clark will continue to struggle in 2009. His line against right-handed pitchers was just .198/.354/.248, which makes him almost useless against them if this was not simply a one-year fluke." He added, referring to Whitesell, "What makes matters worse is that the organization has some in-house talent that could possibly provide the same production – if not more – for half the salary... Whitesell ... has more upside and creamed right-handed pitchers in 2008 at Triple-A to the tune of .342/.442/.602 in 342 at-bats. Whitesell ... did well in 2008 with runners in scoring position by hitting .331/.438/.586. Truth be told, there are not many – if any – unimpressive numbers in Whitesell's statistics from 2008. He deserves a shot, and Arizona could certainly benefit from replacing Clark with the youngster and allowing Whitesell to get his feet wet as a pinch hitter while also playing regularly at first base against right-handed pitching."
In February 2009, Diamondback President and CEO Derrick Hall, when asked whether Whitesell would be given a shot to make the major league team out of spring training, responded: "He sure will. He has so much raw power, it is fun watching him hit. He is a talented kid who catches a lot of coaches' and scouts' eyes." In late March, Manager Bob Melvin's assessment of him was: "The offense is legitimate."
In spring training, Whitesell led the team in on-base percentage (.429; best of all hitters with 30 or more at bats), tied for the team lead in home runs (3) and walks (11; despite receiving only the 11th-most at bats on the team), was second in runs (12), and tied for second in RBIs (12), while batting .308 with a .519 slugging percentage. During the last weekend before the season began, however, he was told that he had not made the team's opening day roster. "He had a great camp" said Melvin. "He's certainly a guy we wouldn't hesitate to (call up) if we did have an injury or something along those lines."
On May 6, Whitesell was called back up to the Diamondbacks, after hitting .356 for the Reno Aces with a .477 on-base percentage (2nd in the PCL) and a .552 slugging percentage. He took the place of Tony Clark, who was placed on the 15-day disabled list. Melvin said Whitesell would get a chance to play every day. On May 19, however, not even two weeks later, Melvin had been fired as manager and the team optioned Whitesell back to Reno.
On May 30, Whitesell was back with the team, and new Manager A. J. Hinch said Whitesell would start the following day and will get a "good, long look" the next couple of weeks at first base. Hinch said: "Really the only thing hasn't conquered is the major-league side of it, because every time he goes down to Triple-A he performs very well". Despite batting .300 with a .447 on-base percentage in his second stint with the team, Whitesell was optioned back to Reno on June 19 when Tony Clark came off the disabled list and returned to Arizona (after a rehab assignment at Reno in which he batted .160, and during which he turned 37).
Clark was finally released in mid-July, and Whitesell was called back up for the third time in the season to replace him on July 16. Asked what he had been told by Diamondbacks management, Whitesell responded: "I just know that ... the first base job for 2010 is up for the taking, so I'm going to get a fair opportunity." He added that his game plan was to try to "relax and let the game come to me, as opposed to trying to do too much, and let your mind take you six different ways at once — where you just relax, and know it's the same game you've been playing the whole time, the game will come to you, and success will come."
Hinch said he expected Whitesell to be more comfortable at the plate now that he had had some experience at the Major League level, recalling that the first time Whitesell was up: "I'd joke with him about squeezing the sawdust out of the bat every time he got up to bat, he was so intense on making a difference. The second time was called up he was a lot more relaxed." Hinch added, "We're excited to have Whitesell, obviously. He's done everything that he's needed to do in Triple-A. He's contributed a little bit when he got the opportunity here in the big leagues." Hinch spoke with Whitesell and Chad Tracy on July 17 and told them that Whitesell would get the bulk of the action at first base, starting four or five times a week "for the time being". He did not get the bulk of the playing time at first base, however, and was sent back to Reno in late August.
The Diamondbacks declined to tender Whitesell a contract on December 13, 2009, making him a free agent.
Washington Nationals (2010).
On December 28, 2009, Whitesell signed a minor league deal with the Washington Nationals. He also received an invitation to spring training. The signing represented a return to his original organization: Whitesell was drafted in the sixth round of the 2003 draft by the Montreal Expos, who would later become the Nationals. He played part of the 2010 season with the Nationals' "AAA" squad, the Syracuse Chiefs.
Japanese League (2010–present).
On June 7, 2010, Whitesell was acquired from Washington by the Tokyo Yakult Swallows, and signed for 30 million yen (roughly $327,000) for the remainder of the season. His early results were impressive. Through Aug. 22, 2010, he was batting .324 with 10 HRs and 34 RBIs in just 136 at-bats. In addition, Whitesell was leading the Swallows in on-base percentage (.436), slugging percentage (.647), and on-base plus slugging (1.083). His rate of one HR per 13.6 at-bats was the club's best. And despite having no experience with the larger Japanese strike zone, few teammates were walking more often than Whitesell. He batted .309 for the season, with a .399 on-base percentage and a .591 slugging percentage.
He played for the Swallows in 2011 as well, under a contract paying him 90 million yen plus incentives.
On December 28, 2011, Whitesell signed with the Chiba Lotte Marines.

</doc>
<doc id="19224648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224648" title="List of programmes broadcast by Joi">
List of programmes broadcast by Joi

This is a list of television programs broadcast by Joi in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19224668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224668" title="Château Mont-Pérat">
Château Mont-Pérat

Château Mont-Pérat, archaically Domaine du Peyrat, is a Bordeaux winery from the appellation Premières Côtes de Bordeaux in the department Gironde. The estate is located on the Right Bank of the Garonne, opposite that of Graves, in the commune of Capian. 
The estate produces a red and a dry white "grand vin". Mont-Pérat has for long remained relatively unknown, though the estate was mentioned in the second edition of "Féret" in 1864, it has more recently been described as a wine that could pass for being much more expensive.
The estate was acquired by the Despagne family in 1998, also proprietors of the considerably more fashionable and higher priced Merlot based wine Girolate.
The vineyards extend with vines of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Sauvignon blanc, Sémillon and Muscadelle.
"Les Gouttes de Dieu".
The 2001 Château Mont-Pérat was featured in the first volume of the manga "Les Gouttes de Dieu", where it was compared to a concert with Queen. Unprecedented popularity followed, and there was such overwhelming response by Asian wine importers to secure the wine that led the owners to unplug their phones.

</doc>
<doc id="19224688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224688" title="Addictiv">
Addictiv

Tasha (born 1984) under the stage name of Addictiv, is a Canadian R&B and Hip hop singer/songwriter best known for her 2006 debut single "Little Game", which made the Canadian Hit 30 Countdown and Top 40 CHR charts. In 2008 she garnered 2 Canadian Radio Music Awards nominations for Best New Group and Best New Group or Solo Artist-Dance/Urban/Rhythmic. She had a hit single called "Tonite", which hit the Canadian CHUM Top 30 chart, and also hit the Canadian Hot 100 chart peaking at number 48. She had a hit song on radio and MuchMusic called "Just Breathe". She is about to embark on a nationwide tour. Her 2009 hit single "Over It" produced by world renowned DJ/Producer Cajjmere Wray, peaked at number 59 on the Canadian Hot 100 and the video was added out of the box to heavy rotation on MuchMusic, MuchMoreMusic and MuchVibe.
Career.
She began her music career doing back up vocals at a local studio from which led her to work with such artists as Busta Rhymes, Ashanti, Usher, Tyrese and other international artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19224739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224739" title="Wheeler High School (Connecticut)">
Wheeler High School (Connecticut)

Wheeler High School is a small public high school located on Norwich-Westerly Road (Route 2) in North Stonington, Connecticut. It is the smallest public school, in terms of the number of students, in the state, serving approximately 240 students in grades 9 through 12. It shares its buildings and facilities, including the gymatorium located on the opposite side of Route 2, with Wheeler Middle School.
Campus.
Wheeler High School occupies a continuous red-brick building that houses the middle school, high school, shared media center, and shared cafeteria/multi-purpose room. The red cinder-block gymatorium (gymnasium/auditorium) is located across Route 2 and is connected to the main campus by a tunnel that runs under the two-lane highway. Also on the opposite side of the road are the sports fields, including a soccer field ringed by a crushed asphalt track, a softball field, a baseball field, and a practice field that is used by the lacrosse and soccer teams as well as the physical education classes. The baseball and softball fields are unique in that they do not have outfield fences, and every ball hit in fair territory is essentially in play. The playing fields and track are also used by the North Stonington Elementary School (Grades K-5), located adjacent to the gymatorium, for physical education classes and field days. The Wheeler Library is located on Main Street which is on the back-side of the middle school portion of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="19224747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224747" title="Kids Discover">
Kids Discover

Kids Discover is a children's non-fiction magazine in a similar vein to "Zoobooks". Its issues focus on themes such as government, science, and history and are meant to give the reader a general understanding to a subject within such a field. It is often used in elementary school education.
Issues.
Each issue focuses on a specific topic. "Kids Discover" sometimes repeats its most popular topics, updating the material if required. This practice has caused some controversy among subscribers.
Awards and nominations.
"Kids Discover" won the Golden Lamp Award in 1999 and was a finalist for two National Magazine Awards in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19224766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224766" title="Suspicion (emotion)">
Suspicion (emotion)

Suspicion is a cognition of mistrust in which a person doubts the honesty of another person or believes another person to be guilty of some type of wrongdoing or crime, but without sure proof. Suspicion can also be aroused in response to objects that negatively differ from an expected idea. In the US, the courts use the term "reasonable suspicion" in connection with the right of the police to stop people on the street. The word comes from Middle-English via the Old French word "suspicion", which is a variation of the Italian word "sospetto" (a derivative of the Latin term "suspectio", which means "to watch").
History.
English philosopher, statesman, and author Francis Bacon (1561–1626) wrote an essay entitled "Of Suspicion", in which he stated that suspicions need to be repressed and well-guarded, because otherwise they will cloud the mind, and cause a ruler to move towards tyranny, due to the fear that his subjects are conspiring against him, and a husband to become jealous and fearful of his wife's interactions with other men. Bacon argued that the root of suspicion was a lack of knowledge; as such, the remedy to suspicion was to learn more about the issue that is troubling you. If a husband is concerned about his wife's male friends, he should ask her about the nature of these friendships, and state his concerns, rather than building up his suspicions. Bacon urged people who were harbouring suspicions to be frank with the people that they were suspecting, and clear the matter up.
The British dramatist William Shakespeare noted that "suspicion always haunts the guilty mind". English Renaissance dramatist, poet and actor Ben Jonson (1572–1637), a contemporary of Shakespeare, described suspicion as a "black poison" that "infects the human mind like a plague". Samuel Johnson (1709–1784), an English author and essayist,
called suspicion a "useless pain" in which a person has a belief that a formidable evil lies within all of their fellow men. The Scottish poet and a lyricist Robert Burns (1759–1796) called suspicion a "heavy armour" that impedes humans more than it protects them. Mahatma Gandhi, the political and spiritual leader of the non-violent Indian independence movement, warned that if suspicions arise about any of a person's motives, then all of their acts can become tainted with this mistrust and uncertainty.
In law.
"Suspicion" in Roman law meant an opinion founded on a small amount of evidence and far from certain. Trajan ruled that "no one should be condemned on the ground of suspicion alone". Medieval Roman law of evidence regarded suspicion as a low grade of proof, sufficient for making further inquiries but insufficient for making a legal decision.
In the US and Canada, the concept of suspicion is part of the legal codes. People can be arrested on suspicion of involvement in various criminal activities ranging from driving under the influence to belonging to a criminal gang. As well, in the US, the courts use the term "reasonable suspicion" in connection with the right of the police to stop people on the street. In the US, police officers cannot legally stop a person and search the person for no reason, or just because they have an inexplicable "hunch" or "bad feeling" about a person.
Before police can stop and search a person (or the person's vehicle), the police have to have "reasonable suspicion" that the person is involved in some illegal activity. A person walking down the street may be stopped and searched if they are walking unsteadily or erratically, because that behaviour suggests that the person may be intoxicated or under the influence of drugs or alcohol. A person driving a car may be stopped and searched if the car is weaving in traffic or if the driver goes through a stop sign, because this behaviour may suggest drunk driving. A person walking into a bank in the middle of summer who is wearing a heavy woolen winter coat may be stopped and searched, because officers may have a reasonable suspicion that the individual may be hiding something under his coat, such as a shotgun or rifle.
Frisking and "Terry stops".
Frisking or a "patdown" is a search of a person's outer clothing wherein a police officer or other law enforcement agent runs his or her hands along the outer garments to detect any concealed weapons. In the case of "Terry v. Ohio", 392 U.S. 1 (1968), the Supreme Court of the United States held that police have the ability to do a limited search for weapons of areas within the suspect’s control based on a reasonable and articulable suspicion that the person stopped was "armed or dangerous" and had been, is, or was about to engage in a criminal act. The type of frisk authorized by this decision has become known as a "Terry stop". When stopping someone, the officer must have a reasonable suspicion that criminal activity has been, is being, or is about to be committed.
The use of "Terry stops" has led to legal controversies in the US, because a series of high court rulings has lowered the standard needed by police to have reasonable suspicion of people who are in what are called "high crime" areas. Since high-crime neighborhoods tend to be lower-income areas inhabited by Black or Hispanic people, some critics argue that the "high crime" area exception to the constitutional right against searches applies mainly to poor non-whites. As well, critics have argued that the designation of a neighborhood as a "high crime" area can be subjective. In some court cases, the judges have accepted police officers' testimony that a neighborhood was a "high crime" area without asking for independent, objective confirmation via crime rate statistics.
Border searches.
U.S. Customs can do suspicionless searches of people and effects crossing the border (including passing through airport customs). However, non-routine or invasive searches, like slashing open the spare tire of a car or cutting open a metal panel in a car, require reasonable suspicion ("United States v. Flores-Montano"). Anything even more intrusive, like compelled surgery of a suspected balloon swallower (a person who places illegal drugs in a balloon or condom which is tied and then swallowed), requires probable cause ("United States v. Montoya De Hernandez").

</doc>
<doc id="19224772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224772" title="Aibahama Park">
Aibahama Park

Aibahama Park (藍場浜公園) is a park in Aiba-cho in Tokushima City in Tokushima Prefecture.
Overview.
Found alongside the Shinmachi River that winds its way through the middle of Tokushima City, the Aibahama Park grounds are known as a popular place for events. In April there is the Hana Haru Festa, and the grounds are also used for one of the dancing stages in Awa Odori held during O-bon. Aibahama Park is also used during the local Awa no Tanuki Festival in November each year, and is the permanent home for the Tokushima Arts Foundation for Culture. 

</doc>
<doc id="19224774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224774" title="Alestaina">
Alestaina

Alestaina () is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 52. It is 2 km south of Agridi, 3 km west of Aroania (village), 2 km north of Paos and 21 km southwest of Kalavryta. 

</doc>
<doc id="19224805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224805" title="Mya (TV channel)">
Mya (TV channel)

Mya is an Italian Entertainment TV channel, owned by Mediaset and broadcast on Premium Gallery, a pay television network available on Digital terrestrial television in Italy. Its transmission started January 18, 2008 with the pilot episode of "Gossip Girl".
It is devoted to a female audiences and broadcast movie, television series and soap operas.
At the moment, "Mya" is not available on satellite television, and is not available outside Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19224834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224834" title="Stoicism">
Stoicism

Stoicism is a school of Hellenistic philosophy founded in Athens by Zeno of Citium in the early 3rd century BC. The Stoics taught that destructive emotions resulted from errors in judgment, and that a sage, or person of "moral and intellectual perfection," would not suffer such emotions.
Stoics were concerned with the active relationship between cosmic determinism and human freedom, and the belief that it is virtuous to maintain a will (called "prohairesis") that is in accord with nature. Because of this, the Stoics presented their philosophy as a way of life, and they thought that the best indication of an individual's philosophy was not what a person said but how they behaved.
Later Stoics, such as Seneca and Epictetus, emphasized that because "virtue is sufficient for happiness," a sage was immune to misfortune. This belief is similar to the meaning of the phrase "stoic calm," though the phrase does not include the "radical ethical" Stoic views that only a "sage" can be considered truly free, and that all moral corruptions are equally vicious.
From its founding, Stoic doctrine was popular with a following in Greece and throughout the Roman Empire — including the Emperor Marcus Aurelius — until the closing of all pagan philosophy schools in AD 529 by order of the Emperor Justinian I, who perceived their pagan character as being at odds with the Christian faith.
Basic tenets.
The Stoics provided a unified account of the world, consisting of formal logic, non-dualistic physics and naturalistic ethics. Of these, they emphasized ethics as the main focus of human knowledge, though their logical theories were of more interest for later philosophers.
Stoicism teaches the development of self-control and fortitude as a means of overcoming destructive emotions; the philosophy holds that becoming a clear and unbiased thinker allows one to understand the universal reason ("logos"). A primary aspect of Stoicism involves improving the individual's ethical and moral well-being: ""Virtue" consists in a "will" that is in agreement with Nature." This principle also applies to the realm of interpersonal relationships; "to be free from anger, envy, and jealousy," and to accept even slaves as "equals of other men, because all men alike are products of nature."
The Stoic ethic espouses a deterministic perspective; in regard to those who lack Stoic virtue, Cleanthes once opined that the wicked man is "like a dog tied to a cart, and compelled to go wherever it goes." A Stoic of virtue, by contrast, would amend his will to suit the world and remain, in the words of Epictetus, "sick and yet happy, in peril and yet happy, dying and yet happy, in exile and happy, in disgrace and happy," thus positing a "completely autonomous" individual will, and at the same time a universe that is "a rigidly deterministic single whole." This viewpoint was later described as "Classical Pantheism" (and was adopted by Dutch philosopher Baruch Spinoza).
Stoicism became the foremost popular philosophy among the educated elite in the Hellenistic world and the Roman Empire, to the point where, in the words of Gilbert Murray "nearly all the successors of Alexander [...] professed themselves Stoics."
History.
Beginning at around 301 BC, Zeno taught philosophy at the Stoa Poikile (i.e., "the painted porch"), from which his philosophy got its name. Unlike the other schools of philosophy, such as the Epicureans, Zeno chose to teach his philosophy in a public space, which was a colonnade overlooking the central gathering place of Athens, the Agora.
Zeno's ideas developed from those of the Cynics, whose founding father, Antisthenes, had been a disciple of Socrates. Zeno's most influential follower was Chrysippus, who was responsible for the molding of what is now called Stoicism. Later Roman Stoics focused on promoting a life in harmony within the universe, over which one has no direct control.
Scholars usually divide the history of Stoicism into three phases:
As A. A. Long states, no complete work by any Stoic philosopher survives from the first two phases of Stoicism. Only Roman texts from the Late Stoa survive.
Stoic logic.
Propositional logic.
Diodorus Cronus, who was one of Zeno's teachers, is considered the philosopher who first introduced and developed an approach to logic now known as propositional logic. This is an approach to logic based on statements or propositions, rather than terms, making it very different from Aristotle's term logic. Later, Chrysippus developed this approach to logic into a system that became known as Stoic logic and included a deductive system (Stoic Syllogistic) which was considered a rival to Aristotle's Syllogistic. New interest in Stoic logic came in the 20th century, when important developments in logic were based on propositional logic. Susanne Bobzien wrote, "The many close similarities between Chrysippus' philosophical logic and that of Gottlob Frege are especially striking."
Bobzien also notes that "Chrysippus wrote over 300 books on logic, on virtually any topic logic today concerns itself with, including speech act theory, sentence analysis, singular and plural expressions, types of predicates, indexicals, existential propositions, sentential connectives, negations, disjunctions, conditionals, logical consequence, valid argument forms, theory of deduction, propositional logic, modal logic, tense logic, epistemic logic, logic of suppositions, logic of imperatives, ambiguity and logical paradoxes."
Stoic categories.
The Stoics held that all being (ὄντα) – though not all things (τινά) – is corporeal. They accepted the distinction between concrete bodies and abstract ones, but rejected Aristotle's belief that purely incorporeal being exists. Thus, they accepted Anaxagoras' idea (as did Aristotle) that if an object is hot, it is because some part of a universal heat body had entered the object. But, unlike Aristotle, they extended the idea to cover all accidents. Thus if an object is red, it would be because some part of a universal red body had entered the object.
They held that there were four categories.
Epistemology.
The Stoics propounded that knowledge can be attained through the use of reason. Truth can be distinguished from fallacy; even if, in practice, only an approximation can be made. According to the Stoics, the senses constantly receive sensations: pulsations that pass from objects through the senses to the mind, where they leave an impression in the imagination (phantasia). (An impression arising from the mind was called a phantasma.)
The mind has the ability to judge (συγκατάθεσις, "synkatathesis")—approve or reject—an impression, enabling it to distinguish a true representation of reality from one that is false. Some impressions can be assented to immediately, but others can only achieve varying degrees of hesitant approval, which can be labeled belief or opinion ("doxa"). It is only through reason that we achieve clear comprehension and conviction ("katalepsis"). Certain and true knowledge ("episteme"), achievable by the Stoic sage, can be attained only by verifying the conviction with the expertise of one's peers and the collective judgment of humankind.
Stoic physics and cosmology.
According to the Stoics, the universe is a material, reasoning substance, known as God or Nature, which the Stoics divided into two classes, the active and the passive. The passive substance is matter, which "lies sluggish, a substance ready for any use, but sure to remain unemployed if no one sets it in motion." The active substance, which can be called Fate, or Universal Reason ("Logos"), is an intelligent aether or primordial fire, which acts on the passive matter:
Everything is subject to the laws of Fate, for the Universe acts according to its own nature, and the nature of the passive matter it governs. The souls of people and animals are emanations from this primordial fire, and are, likewise, subject to Fate:
Individual souls are perishable by nature, and can be "transmuted and diffused, assuming a fiery nature by being received into the Seminal Reason ("logos spermatikos") of the Universe." Since right Reason is the foundation of both humanity and the universe, it follows that the goal of life is to live according to Reason, that is, to live a life according to Nature.
Stoic ethics and virtues.
The ancient Stoics are often misunderstood because the terms they used pertained to different concepts in the past than they do today. The word 'stoic' has come to mean 'unemotional' or indifferent to pain, because Stoic ethics taught freedom from 'passion' by following 'reason.' The Stoics did not seek to extinguish emotions; rather, they sought to transform them by a resolute 'askēsis' that enables a person to develop clear judgment and inner calm. Logic, reflection, and concentration were the methods of such self-discipline.
Borrowing from the Cynics, the foundation of Stoic ethics is that good lies in the state of the soul itself; in wisdom and self-control. Stoic ethics stressed the rule: "Follow where reason leads." One must therefore strive to be free of the passions, bearing in mind that the ancient meaning of 'passion' was "anguish" or "suffering", that is, "passively" reacting to external events—somewhat different from the modern use of the word. A distinction was made between "pathos" (plural "pathe") which is normally translated as "passion", "propathos" or instinctive reaction (e.g., turning pale and trembling when confronted by physical danger) and "eupathos", which is the mark of the Stoic sage ("sophos"). The "eupatheia" are feelings that result from correct judgment in the same way as passions result from incorrect judgment.
The idea was to be free of suffering through "apatheia" (Greek: ) or peace of mind (literally, 'without passion'), where peace of mind was understood in the ancient sense—being objective or having "clear judgment" and the maintenance of equanimity in the face of life's highs and lows.
For the Stoics, 'reason' meant not only using logic, but also understanding the processes of nature—the logos, or universal reason, inherent in all things. Living according to reason and virtue, they held, is to live in harmony with the divine order of the universe, in recognition of the common reason and essential value of all people. The four cardinal virtues of the Stoic philosophy are wisdom (Sophia), courage (Andreia), justice (Dikaiosyne), and temperance (Sophrosyne), a classification derived from the teachings of Plato.
Following Socrates, the Stoics held that unhappiness and evil are the results of human ignorance of the reason in nature. If someone is unkind, it is because they are unaware of their own universal reason, which leads to the conclusion of kindness. The solution to evil and unhappiness then, is the practice of Stoic philosophy—to examine one's own judgments and behavior and determine where they diverge from the universal reason of nature.
The Stoics accepted that suicide was permissible for the wise person in circumstances that might prevent them from living a virtuous life. Plutarch held that accepting life under tyranny would have compromised Cato's self-consistency ("constantia") as a Stoic and impaired his freedom to make the honorable moral choices. Suicide could be justified if one fell victim to severe pain or disease, but otherwise suicide would usually be seen as a rejection of one's social duty.
The doctrine of "things indifferent".
In philosophical terms, things that are indifferent are outside the application of moral law, that is without tendency to either promote or obstruct moral ends. Actions neither required nor forbidden by the moral law, or that do not affect morality, are called morally indifferent. The doctrine of things indifferent (, "adiaphora") arose in the Stoic school as a corollary of its diametric opposition of virtue and vice ( "kathekon" and ἁμαρτήματα "hamartemata", respectively "convenient actions," or actions in accordance with nature, and mistakes). As a result of this dichotomy, a large class of objects were left unassigned and thus regarded as indifferent.
Eventually three sub-classes of "things indifferent" developed: things to prefer because they assist life according to nature; things to avoid because they hinder it; and things indifferent in the narrower sense. The principle of "adiaphora" was also common to the Cynics and Sceptics. The doctrine of things indifferent was revived during the Renaissance by Philipp Melanchthon.
Spiritual exercise.
Philosophy for a Stoic is not just a set of beliefs or ethical claims, it is a way of life involving constant practice and training (or "askesis", see "asceticism"). Stoic philosophical and spiritual practices included logic, Socratic dialog and self-dialog, contemplation of death, training attention to remain in the present moment (similar to some forms of Eastern meditation), and daily reflection on everyday problems and possible solutions. Philosophy for a Stoic is an active process of constant practice and self-reminder.
In his "Meditations", Marcus Aurelius defines several such practices. For example, in Book II, part 1:
Say to yourself in the early morning: I shall meet today ungrateful, violent, treacherous, envious, uncharitable men. All of these things have come upon them through ignorance of real good and ill... I can neither be harmed by any of them, for no man will involve me in wrong, nor can I be angry with my kinsman or hate him; for we have come into the world to work together...
Prior to Aurelius, Epictetus in his "Discourses" distinguished between three types of act: judgment, desire, and inclination. According to French philosopher Pierre Hadot, Epictetus identifies these three acts with logic, physics, and ethics respectively. Hadot writes that in the "Meditations", "Each maxim develops either one of these very characteristic "topoi" acts, or two of them or three of them."
The practices of spiritual exercises have been described as influencing those of reflective practice by Seamus Mac Suibhne . Parallels between Stoic spiritual exercises and modern cognitive-behavioral therapy have been detailed at length in Robertson's "The Philosophy of Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy".
Social philosophy.
A distinctive feature of Stoicism is its cosmopolitanism: All people are manifestations of the one universal spirit and should, according to the Stoics, live in brotherly love and readily help one another. In the "Discourses", Epictetus comments on man's relationship with the world: "Each human being is primarily a citizen of his own commonwealth; but he is also a member of the great city of gods and men, whereof the city political is only a copy." This sentiment echoes that of Diogenes of Sinope, who said "I am not an Athenian or a Corinthian, but a citizen of the world."
They held that external differences such as rank and wealth are of no importance in social relationships. Instead they advocated the brotherhood of humanity and the natural equality of all human beings. Stoicism became the most influential school of the Greco–Roman world, and produced a number of remarkable writers and personalities, such as Cato the Younger and Epictetus.
In particular, they were noted for their urging of clemency toward slaves. Seneca exhorted, "Kindly remember that he whom you call your slave sprang from the same stock, is smiled upon by the same skies, and on equal terms with yourself breathes, lives, and dies."
Stoicism and Christianity.
The major difference between the two philosophies is Stoicism's pantheism, in which God is never fully transcendent but always immanent. God as the world-creating entity is personalized in Christian thought, but Stoicism equates God with the totality of the universe, which was deeply contrary to Christianity. Stoicism, unlike Christianity, does not posit a beginning or end to the universe, nor does it assert that the individual continues to exist beyond death.
Stoicism was later regarded by the Fathers of the Church as a 'pagan philosophy'; nonetheless, some of the central philosophical concepts of Stoicism were employed by the early Christian writers. Examples include the terms "logos", "virtue", "Spirit", and "conscience". But the parallels go well beyond the sharing and borrowing of terminology. Both Stoicism and Christianity assert an inner freedom in the face of the external world, a belief in human kinship with Nature or God, a sense of the innate depravity—or "persistent evil"—of humankind, and the futility and temporarity of worldly possessions and attachments. Both encourage "Ascesis" with respect to the passions and inferior emotions such as lust, envy and anger, so that the higher possibilities of one's humanity can be awakened and developed.
Stoic writings such as the "Meditations" of Marcus Aurelius have been highly regarded by many Christians throughout the centuries. The Stoic ideal of dispassion is accepted to this day as the perfect moral state by the Eastern Orthodox Church. Saint Ambrose of Milan was known for applying Stoic philosophy to his theology.
Modern usage.
The word "stoic" commonly refers to someone indifferent to pain, pleasure, grief, or joy. The modern usage as "person who represses feelings or endures patiently" was first cited in 1579 as a noun, and 1596 as an adjective. In contrast to the term "Epicurean", the "Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy's" entry on Stoicism notes, "the sense of the English adjective 'stoical' is not utterly misleading with regard to its philosophical origins."
Stoic quotations.
Below are some quotations from major Stoic philosophers, selected to illustrate common Stoic beliefs:
Epictetus:
Marcus Aurelius:
Seneca the Younger:

</doc>
<doc id="19224836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224836" title="KDPT-LP">
KDPT-LP

KDPT-LP (102.9 FM) is a community radio station licensed to Dos Palos, California, United States.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19224848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224848" title="1974 Chatham Cup">
1974 Chatham Cup

The 1974 Chatham Cup was the 47th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run in three regions, with the National League teams receiving a bye until the later stages of the competition. In all, 114 teams took part in the competition, at that time a record number. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
A change was made in the way tied matches were decided, with penalty shoot-outs introduced in the event of ties after extra time. Replays were still used for the later rounds, with a replay being needed in one semi-final.
The 1974 final.
With the exception of replays, 1974 was the first time that the final had been held in the South Island, at Queen Elizabeth II Park, Christchurch. The venue had been used earlier in the year for the Commonwealth Games. 
The game was played on a heavily sodden pitch, the result of several days of heavy rain, and thousands of gallons of water had to be removed before the surface was usable. Despite the poor conditions, the game was entertaining, and Christchurch ran out the winners with a late Brian Hardman goal adding to an earlier strike from Ian Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19224853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224853" title="Hana Haru Festa">
Hana Haru Festa

The Hana Haru Festival Japanese: Hana Haru Festa (はな・はる・フェスタ) is a large-scale event held each year in April in the Aibahama Park in Shinmachi Riverside, Tokushima City, Tokushima Prefecture.
Each year celebrities such as the members of Chatmonchy, Under Graph and DEPAPEPE are invited to make appearances, and many of the famous Awa Odori dancing troupes perform displays.
Events include ramen road, Awa dance, traditional craft workshops where one can make paper or pottery for free, street dancing contests, concerts, and battle of the bands.

</doc>
<doc id="19224877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224877" title="Secretary of State of Wyoming">
Secretary of State of Wyoming

The Secretary of State of Wyoming is the state secretary of state of the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is a constitutional office, established under the Constitution of Wyoming. The Secretary of State is the keeper of the Great Seal of Wyoming and the state's official record-keeper. When the governor is traveling out-of-state, the Secretary of State serves as acting governor (Wyoming has no lieutenant governor). The current Secretary of State is Max Maxfield.
The Secretary of State's Office is divided into five divisions:
Officeholders.
Amos W. Barber became the first Wyoming Secretary of State on November 8, 1890. Prior officeholders were known as Wyoming Secretaries of the Territory.
Wyoming Secretaries of the Territory:
Wyoming Secretaries of State:

</doc>
<doc id="19224884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224884" title="Barbeau Abbey">
Barbeau Abbey

Barbeau Abbey (; Latin: "Barbelum", "Sequanae portus" or "Sacer portus") is a former Cistercian monastery in Fontaine-le-Port in the Seine-et-Marne department, France. It was located about 10 kilometres north-east of Fontainebleau and 8 kilometres south-east of Melun.
History.
Barbeau Abbey was founded in 1147 by King Louis VII of France on the banks of the Seine, whence the original name "Seine-Port", or "Sequanae Portus" in Latin. It was transferred to its present site in 1156. The present name is supposed to derive from the French word for the barbel, the fish, which is also depicted in the abbey's arms. According to the foundation legend, the reason for this is that a barbel was fished out of the Seine and found to contain a ring mounted with a precious stone, lost by Saint Loup as he crossed the river, the sale of which raised the funds to build the monastery.
In 1180 Louis VII, the founder, was buried in the abbey; his bones were transferred to St. Denis' Abbey in 1817. 
The abbey prospered until the Hundred Years' War. In about 1420 the monks were driven out of the abbey and spent the next 40 years in Melun. After their return in 1460 the monastery was restored and enlarged. The abbey suffered further damage in the Wars of Religion. Under the commendatory abbot Cardinal Wilhelm Egon von Fürstenberg the church was again restored.
The abbey was suppressed in 1791 during the French Revolution and set on fire in 1793 by the Sansculottes. The state bought the remaining buildings back in 1810 for use as an orphanage, but sold them in 1837 to a private owner, who demolished them and built a country house on the site. A riding school now occupies the remainder of the site.
Buildings.
There are few remains of the abbey apart from an ice-cellar. The church of Fontaine-le-Port has preserved some 16th-century wooden sculptures from the abbey church, and a chapel in the same village is also said once to have been the abbey's. The church of Héricy owns an 18th-century altar from the monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="19224900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224900" title="Patrice Moore">
Patrice Moore

Patrice Moore is a Canadian radio host. He ran for the Bloc Québécois in the riding of Beauce in the 2006 Canadian federal election. He finished second behind Maxime Bernier. He currently is the morning man at CKRB-FM (COOL-FM) in Saint-Georges.

</doc>
<doc id="19224907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224907" title="Alexandria Avengers">
Alexandria Avengers

The Alexandria Avengers is a basketball team based in Alexandria, Virginia. They are a member of the Eastern Basketball Alliance. They started playing in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19224910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224910" title="Dreamland Bar-B-Que">
Dreamland Bar-B-Que

Dreamland Bar-B-Que is a barbecue restaurant chain based in Alabama. It was founded by "Big Daddy" John Bishop in the Jerusalem Heights neighborhood of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, in 1958, but has since franchised, opening restaurants in Birmingham, Montgomery, Huntsville, Mobile, Northport, and opened two restaurants in the Atlanta, Georgia metropolitan area: Roswell, and Peachtree Corners.
The menu differs from location to location. At the original location in Tuscaloosa, the menu consists of only ribs, rib sandwiches, and white bread. At the other locations, in addition to ribs, they also serve pulled pork, barbecue chicken, smoked sausage, baked beans, cole slaw, potato salad, house salads and banana pudding. Dreamland is eminently known for their ribs and their barbecue sauce.
Accolades.
The original Dreamland is one of Tuscaloosa's main attractions. The restaurants have received much attention from local and national media outlets. In 2005, "Southern Living" listed Dreamland in its article on the best restaurants in the state of Alabama. In 2006, "USA Today" included Dreamland as one of the top 10 "barbecue joints" in the country. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, in 2006 listed Dreamland at #3 of "best eateries around the SEC."
Also, in May 2008, "Details Magazine" listed Dreamland as the best barbecue by mail order.

</doc>
<doc id="19224918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224918" title="Operation Achse">
Operation Achse

Operation Achse (, "Case Axis"), originally called Operation Alaric (), was the codename of the German plans to forcibly disarm the Italian armed forces after their expected armistice with the Allied forces in 1943. Several German divisions had already entered Italy after the fall of Benito Mussolini in July 1943 (the Grand Council of Fascism had dropped Mussolini 24./25. July), while Italy was officially still an ally of Germany, despite the protests of the new Italian government under Pietro Badoglio. 
The Armistice of Cassibile (signed on 3 September 1943) was made public on 8 September. Then, the German forces moved rapidly to take over the Italian zones of occupation in the Balkans and southern France, and to disarm Italian forces in Italy. In some cases, the Italian troops resisted the Germans, most notably in the Greek island of Cephalonia, where over 4,500 men of the 33rd "Acqui" Division were executed after running out of ammunition and surrendering. In other cases, individual soldiers or whole units, like the 24th "Pinerolo" Division in Thessaly, went over to the local resistance movements. Only in Sardinia, Corsica, Calabria and in the southern part of Apulia were Italian troops able to offer resistance until relieved by the arrival of Allied forces. 
According to German accounts, the Italian forces disarmed totalled 1,006,370. Broken down by region, they were:
The disarmament of such a large army resulted in the confiscation of large numbers of weapons and military-related equipment:
Only 197,000 Italian soldiers continued the war alongside the Germans. Some 94,000, mostly fascists, chose this option right away. The rest, some 103,000 men, chose during their detention to support the Italian Social Republic to escape the harsh circumstances in the German labor camps. Between 600,000 and 650,000 remained in German labor camps, where between 37,000 and 50,000 of them perished.

</doc>
<doc id="19224976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224976" title="List of programmes broadcast by Mya">
List of programmes broadcast by Mya

This is a list of television programs broadcast by Mya in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19224983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224983" title="Meikandadevar">
Meikandadevar

Meikanda Thevar (c. 11th century AD) was a Hindu poet and expert in Hindu metaphysics and theology.
Personal life.
Meikandadevar was born Seetavana Perumal at the town of Vennei-nallur situated on the river Pennar.
Works.
Meikandadevar was a student of Paranjothi Tampiran. The most popular of Meikandadevar's compositions is "Sivagnana Potham", a metaphysical and theological treatise.

</doc>
<doc id="19224995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19224995" title="Dennos Museum Center">
Dennos Museum Center

The Dennos Museum Center, located in Traverse City, Michigan is a museum of fine art affiliated with Northwestern Michigan College (NMC). The museum opened in 1991, and consists of an outdoor sculpture garden, several galleries for temporary exhibits, and the Power Family Inuit Gallery, which houses one of the largest and most historically complete collections of Inuit art in the United States. The museum is also home to the Milliken Auditorium, a 367-seat concert hall that hosts an annual concert series emphasizing world, jazz and blues music along with NMC and community events.

</doc>
<doc id="19225010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225010" title="Fossil Fuels Brewing Company">
Fossil Fuels Brewing Company

Fossil Fuels Brewing Company is a beer maker based in Manteca, California, United States. The beer is brewed with ancient yeast that medical mycologist and co-owner Raul Cano extracted from amber and revived after 25 million to 45 million years. The company launched a German-style wheat beer in the Northern California area on July 27, 2008. The process that the company used to extract yeast from amber is similar to the process described in the fictional book Jurassic Park that was used to retrieve dinosaur blood from mosquitos trapped in amber. The beer has received mixed critical reviews, including that it has a unique taste. 

</doc>
<doc id="19225018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225018" title="Tanashi, Tokyo">
Tanashi, Tokyo

At the time of its merger, the city had an estimated population of 78,165 and a density of 11,495 persons per km². The total area was 6.8 km².
The area of modern Tanashi prospered during the Edo period as a post station on the Ome Kaido and Tokorozawa Kaido, and was part of ancient Musashi Province. After the Meiji Restoration it came under the jurisdiction of the short-lived prefectures of Shinagawa (1868) and Irima (1871), before becoming part of Kanagawa in 1872. During the early Meiji period (1878) cadastral reform, it became the town of Tanashi within Kitatama District in Kanagawa. The entire district was transferred to the administrative control of Tokyo Metropolis in 1893. Tanashi was connected to central Tokyo by train from 1927. Tanashi was elevated to city status in 1967.
On January 21, 2001, Tanashi was merged with the neighboring city of Hoya to create the city of Nishi-Tōkyō, and thus Tanashi thus no longer exists as an independent municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19225060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225060" title="Jessie Prichard Hunter">
Jessie Prichard Hunter

Jessie Prichard Hunter is an American novelist. She is the author of two psychological thrillers, "Blood Music" and "One Two Buckle My Shoe". She currently resides in New York's Hudson Valley with her husband and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19225085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225085" title="Awa no Tanuki Festival">
Awa no Tanuki Festival

The Awa no Tanuki Festival (阿波の狸まつり) is a festival held each year in early November in Tokushima City, Tokushima Prefecture.
Overview.
The Awa no Tanuki festival was first started in 1978 with the aims of promoting local culture, and has since grown into Tokushima's main Autumn festival. In 2006, the event saw good weather for all three days it was held, and the coincidence with a public holiday drew over 260,000 visitors. This is roughly the same size as the population of Tokushima City.
While the festival is popularly known as the 'Tanuki Festival', Tokushima has been home to many tales of the "tanuki" since long past. Several of these tales talk of the interaction between tanuki and the local town residents, with the tanuki often acting as positive, changing forces. It should come as no surprise, then, that the tanuki was chosen as a symbol to energise local culture in this way.
At current, the event's main grounds are the Aibahama Park grounds in Tokushima City, and the Tokushima Arts Foundation for Culture becomes a place for sale of local regional produce from around the prefecture. Several of the large industries in Tokushima hold events over the three days of the festival, and special stages are open for karaoke competitions, Awa Odori, Awa Puppet Theatre and other local cultural traditions as well. The festival is particularly popular with children.
The festival is officially run by the 'Furusato Carnival Executive Committee', but receives large assistance from the prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19225110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225110" title="Canadian Military Pattern truck">
Canadian Military Pattern truck

The Canadian Military Pattern (CMP) truck was a class of military truck made in large numbers in Canada during World War II to British Army specifications for use in the armies of the British Commonwealth allies. Standard designs were drawn up just before the beginning of the war.
CMP trucks were also sent to the Soviet Union following the Nazi invasion of Russia, as part of Canada's lend-lease program to the Allies. During the War CMP trucks saw service around the world in the North African Campaign, the Allied invasion of Sicily, the Italian Campaign, the Russian Front, the Burma Campaign, the Battle of the Philippines (1941-42), the liberation of Northwest Europe, and the Western Allied invasion of Germany. CMP trucks also saw service in post-war conflicts in Indonesia, French Indochina, and the Portuguese colonies in Africa.
History.
The rise to power in Germany of Hitler and the Nazi party in 1933 led to discussions in the mid-1930s between the British War Office and the Canadian Army concerning the possible production of military vehicles in Canada. During the First World War Canadian land forces had participated as a corps in the British Army. In any future conflict it was assumed that Canadian forces would again be tightly integrated with those of the Mother Country, and so it would be essential that Canadian-manufactured equipment be compatible with British standards and specifications.
Early in 1937, the Ford Motor Company of Canada and General Motors of Canada Ltd were each invited by the Canadian Department of National Defence to produce a Canadianized prototype of a 15-hundredweight light infantry truck that had then been recently adopted by the British War Office. By 1938, Canadian military authorities had shifted their interest to heavier 4x4 and 6x4 designs. In that year, Ford and GM were invited to produce prototypes of a 6x4 medium artillery tractor derived from the British 6x4 Scammell Pioneer. By 1939, plans had been prepared for the mass production in Canada of a range of military vehicles based on fairly strict British specifications. These trucks were originally designated "Department of National Defence (DND) Pattern"; however, when production volumes increased and it became clear that the Canadian-built vehicles were to serve widely in the forces of other countries, the class of trucks was redesignated "Canadian Military Pattern (CMP)". At the outbreak of World War II, Canada's relatively large and modern automobile industry was shifted over to the production of military vehicles. While the Dunkirk evacuation in the spring of 1940 succeeded in rescuing close to 340,000 Allied soldiers who had been encircled by the invading German army, the British Expeditionary Force had been required to abandon most of its military vehicles in France. It then became an urgent need to replace those losses and to provide new vehicles to equip the rapidly expanding armed forces of the Commonwealth.
Canadian military truck production included both modified civilian designs as well as purely military designs based on the CMP specification, in roughly equal numbers. Truck production was focussed on a broad range of medium-capacity vehicles; Jeeps and trucks larger than 3 tons in capacity required by the Canadian Army were purchased from U.S. suppliers. Most CMP trucks were manufactured by the Chevrolet division of General Motors of Canada Ltd and by the Ford Motor Company of Canada. The Canadian subsidiaries of the two largest American vehicle manufacturers were able to rapidly ramp up their production because of an unusual degree of inter-company collaboration, the use of interchangeable parts, and because of the large amount of idle production capacity that was a lingering result of the Great Depression. A smaller number of CMP trucks were assembled from Canadian-made chassis and parts in Britain, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa (2,600), India (9,500) and Egypt. In Germany, the facilities of GM subsidiary Opel and those of Ford-Werke AG were pressed into service to make military vehicles for the Nazi war effort. Following British convention, CMP trucks had right-hand drive even though most of them were built in Canada, which primarily used left-hand drive vehicles. The CMP specification proved versatile, and it formed the basis of a wide variety of different truck types and armoured vehicles. In Australian service (almost always with the No. 13 cab) these vehicles were known as the "Chev Blitz" or the "Ford Blitz".
Just over 400,000 CMP trucks were manufactured in Canada, accounting for roughly half of the 815,729 military vehicles made in Canada during World War II. The most prevalent type was the 4x4 3-ton truck (including models C60S, C60L, F60S and F60L), with just over 209,000 vehicles made. In addition, roughly 9,500 4x4 CMP chassis were made, mainly to be used to build armoured cars and other vehicles in Allied countries. CMP truck production in Canada exceeded the total military truck production of Nazi Germany. The British "History of the Second World War" (the official history of the war) argues that the production of soft-skinned trucks, including the CMP truck class, was Canada's most important contribution to the eventual Allied victory.
Newly manufactured, or modified war surplus, CMP trucks were used after 1945 in several European armies (e.g., the Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, Norway, Portugal, Spain) and around the world (e.g., South Africa, Argentina, Jordan, South Vietnam, Malaya). CMP trucks were adapted after the war for a variety of civilian roles including forestry, grain transport, fire-fighting trucks, and snowploughs. In Malaysia, after the Malayan Emergency, many CMP truck was converted to log tranporter or off road truck in construction site with upgraded brake system and powerful engines.
Major Canadian-built types.
The Ford-built CMP trucks had a , V8 engine, while most of the Chevrolet-built CMP trucks had a , straight-6 overhead-valve engine. An American-made GMC straight-6 engine powered the C60X 3-ton truck.
The Ford and Chevrolet trucks shared a standard cab design, which evolved over the years of production. The first (designed at Ford by Sid Swallow), second and third cab designs were called No. 11, 12 and 13, respectively. The first two type were similar, the main difference being a two-part radiator grille in No.12 cab (its upper part was opened with a bonnet, which was known as the "Alligator cab"). The final No. 13 cab, an entirely Canadian design made from late 1941 until the end of the war, had the two flat panes of the windscreen angled slightly downward to minimize the glare from the sun and to avoid causing strong reflections that would be observable from aircraft. All the CMP cab designs had a short, "cab forward" configuration that gave CMP trucks their distinctive pug-nosed profile. This design was required to meet the original British specifications for a compact truck design that would be more efficient to transport by ship. The specifications also demanded right-hand drive. Internally the cab had to accommodate the comparatively large North American engines and it was generally cramped. The standard cabs were then matched up with a variety of standard chassis, drive trains and body designs. Chevrolet-built vehicles could be recognised by the radiator grille mesh being of a diamond pattern, whereas Ford-built ones had grilles formed of a square mesh.
The production of CMP truck bodies in Canada was subcontracted out to smaller companies in Ontario and Manitoba, organized into the wartime Steel Body Manufacturers Association by the Department of Munitions and Supply. The wide variety of truck body designs included general service (GS), water tanker, fuel tanker, vehicle recovery (tow truck), dental clinic, mobile laundry, wireless house, machinery (machine shop), folding boat transport, and anti-tank gun portee.
In the list below, a drive specification of NxM means that the vehicle has a total of N wheels and that M of those wheels are driven. The military specifications did not permit more than two wheels per axle. The British standard load capacities of 8 cwt (hundredweight), 15 cwt, 30 cwt and 60 cwt correspond roughly to the American loads of 1/2 short ton, 3/4 ton, 1.5 ton and 3 ton, respectively. The 60-cwt CMP trucks were usually called 3-ton lorries or trucks.
Outside Canada.
To meet the pressing demand for military vehicles during World War II, several Commonwealth countries designed light armoured vehicles based on CMP chassis made in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19225112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225112" title="Sébastien Viars">
Sébastien Viars

Sébastien Viars (born 24 June 1971) is a former French rugby union footballer. He was nicknamed "The Compass". He played as a centre and as a wing.
Viars was born at Aurillac. He played at Stade Aurillacois (1989/90-1991/92), CA Brive (1992/93-1997/98), where he won the Cup of France, in 1995/96, Stade français Paris (1998/99), winning once more the Cup of France, and ASM Clermont (1999/2000-2004/05), where he would finish his career. He won the Heineken Cup, in 1997, with CA Brive, scoring an anthological try in the 28–9 win over Leicester Tigers, from England.
Even in a short international career, he's usually considered one of the best French players of his generation. Viars held 17 caps for France, from 1992 to 1997, scoring 9 tries, 17 penalties and 17 conversions, 127 points in aggregate. He played two times at the Five Nations, in 1992 and 1995, scoring 4 tries, 6 conversions and 4 penalties, 41 points in aggregate. He scored a record of 21 points, 2 tries, 5 conversions and 2 penalties, in the 44-12 win over Ireland, at 21 March 1992. He was also one of the top try scorers of the competition with 3 tries. 
Viars was selected for the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals, playing a single game, in the 54–18 win over Côte d'Ivoire and scoring a try.
Viars wasn't called again for the National Team since 1997, when he was only 26 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19225140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225140" title="Hampton Roads Cardinals">
Hampton Roads Cardinals

The Hampton Roads Cardinals are an Eastern Basketball Alliance franchise in Portsmouth, Virginia. They start playing in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19225164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225164" title="Wilhelm Philipp Daniel Schlich">
Wilhelm Philipp Daniel Schlich

Wilhelm Philipp Daniel Schlich aka Sir William Schlich (February 28, 1840 Flonheim - September 28, 1925 Oxford) was an eminent German-born forester who worked extensively in India for the British administration.
Biography.
Schlich attended the Gymnasium in Darmstadt, and later the University of Giessen.
He entered the British Imperial Indian Forest Service in 1866, becoming Conservator of Forests in 1871, and "Inspector-General of Forests" in 1883, succeeding his mentor Dietrich Brandis. He developed forest management and education programs and spent a total of nineteen years in India, helping to establish the journal "Indian Forester" in 1874 (becoming its first honorary editor) and the school at Dehradun in 1877.
In 1885 Schlich moved to England to take up the pioneering post of Professor of Forestry at the Royal Indian Engineering College at Cooper's Hill, the first formal forestry program in England, becoming a British subject in 1886. In 1905, he moved to Oxford, to found Oxford's forestry program.
Schlich was a colleague and mentor of Gifford Pinchot. He was made a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1901, awarded the Knight Commander of the Indian Empire in 1909 and was an Hon. Fellow of St John's College.
Works.
Schlich was the author of the five-volume "Manual of Forestry" (1889–96) published serially in three editions. The first two volumes were on silviculture, the others dealing with forest management, forest protection, and forest utilisation. Schlich's "Manual" became the standard and enduring textbook for forestry students. In 1904 he published "Forestry in the United Kingdom". Other publications were "The Outlook of the World's Timber Supply" and "Afforestation in Great Britain and Ireland".
Personal life.
His first wife was English, the daughter of the lexicographer Sir William Smith. The marriage produced one daughter, Gertrude. Following the death of his first wife, he married Mathilde Marsily, member of a family originally from Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19225174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225174" title="Livingston W. Houston">
Livingston W. Houston

Livingston Waddell Houston (1891 - 1977) was the eleventh president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He was born in 1891 in Wyoming, Ohio. He graduated from Rensselaer in 1913 with a degree in mechanical engineering and was a member of the engineering honor society Tau Beta Pi His first job out of school was as an assistant engineer for the Mobil Gas Company. In 1919, he joined the Ludlow Valve Company of Troy, a large manufacturer of fire hydrants, as production manager. By 1932, he rose to president of the company and he remained president until 1941, when he became chairman of the board. He was chairman of the board until 1960.
In 1925, he was elected a Life Trustee of Rensselaer. In 1944, he was elected president of Rensselaer. The post-war years were ones of great growth with the increased enrollment due to the return of those serving in World War II. In 1946, surplus military barracks were obtained to house them. These buildings were formally called the Rendael dormitories, but informally known as "Tin Town." By 1953, these buildings were replaced by a complex of four dormitories and a dining hall, which formed what is still the heart of "Freshman 
Hill." In 1948-1949, the institute obtained a surplus navy warehouse from the government that was remodeled to become the R.P.I. Fieldhouse, used for events and sports competitions, especially ice hockey games. In 1955, Rensselaer and United Aircraft Corp. built a branch campus in Hartford, Connecticut, called the Hartford Graduate Center. During his tenure, enrollment went from 1,200 to 4,000 students, the number of faculty tripled and the assets rose from $17 million to more than $50 million. He died at Samaritan Hospital in Troy, New York on November 22, 1977. After his death, the field house was named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="19225198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225198" title="Muttuthandavar">
Muttuthandavar

Muttuthandavar was a prominent Saivite poet based in the temple town of Chidambaram
Life and compositions.
Muttuthandavar was born in town of Shiyali. His parents were both musicians at the temple of Shiva at Shiyali. However, physical disability arising from a disease which afflicted him in his youth prevented him from becoming a musician. He settled down in the nearby town of Chidambaram where he used to visit the Shiva temple daily out of devotion and sing praises of the presiding deity Lord Shiva.
He used to sing a song everyday starting from the first word which fell on his ears. On a particular day, as he was singing, he died all of a sudden.
All his chants have been preserved and form some of the best devotional hymns in Tamil language.

</doc>
<doc id="19225216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225216" title="Guy Goodwin-Gill">
Guy Goodwin-Gill

Guy Goodwin-Gill is a barrister and a professor of public international law at Oxford University and a Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford.
His research areas include international organisations, human rights, migrants and refugees, elections and democratisation and children’s rights; he teaches Human Rights and International Law.
The Palestine Question.
Goodwin-Gill has become noted for his contributions to the debate around international law and the Palestine question. He served as part of the advisory team which presented the Palestinian point of view with regards to the Israeli "Separation Wall" or "Separation Fence" on the Palestinian West Bank, which culminated in a 2004 ruling by the UN-affiliated International Court of Justice that the barrier was illegal.
In 2011, Goodwin-Gill penned a legal opinion which recommended that the Palestinian National Authority not seek recognition of Palestine as a member state of the United Nations on the grounds that such a move would deprive the considerable Palestinian diaspora of legal representation within the putative state. This position brought Goodwin-Gill sparked a controversy within the Palestinian and pro-Palestinian communities worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19225224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225224" title="Guy Goodwin">
Guy Goodwin

Guy Manning Goodwin (born 8 November 1947) is a Professor of Psychiatry who specialises in the neurobiology of bipolar disorder. He is the current holder of the W A Handley Chair of Psychiatry at Oxford University.
Professor Goodwin has been the head of Oxford University's Department of Psychiatry since 2006, and a Fellow of Merton College, Oxford since 1996. He was President of the British Association for Psychopharmacology in 2002-2004.
In 2005 Professor Goodwin treated the theatre critic Sheridan Morley for acute depression, using deep brain stimulation.

</doc>
<doc id="19225237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225237" title="IS">
IS

Is is the third-person singular present tense of the English language verb "to be", very frequently used as a copula (linguistics).
"IS", "I.S.", "Is", "is", or "i.s." may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19225304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225304" title="La Recherche Expedition (1838–40)">
La Recherche Expedition (1838–40)

The La Recherche Expedition of 1838-1840 was a French Admiralty expedition whose destination was the North Atlantic and Scandinavian islands, including the Faroe Islands, Spitsbergen and Iceland.
The expedition in the Scandinavian countries from 1838 to 1840, was a direct continuation of shipments in 1835 and 1836. A letter dated March 22, 1837 revealed that Joseph Paul Gaimard and Xavier Marmier were preparing a trip to Copenhagen and Christiania (Norway) whose purpose was to gather additional information on Iceland and Greenland.
On June 13, 1838, the French corvette "La Recherche" left Le Havre in France, bound for Northern Scandinavia. Joseph Paul Gaimard (1796-1858), a physician and zoologist was the commanding officer of the expedition. The expedition was on a purely scientific nature, rather than a colonial venture in cooperation with the governments of Norway and Sweden. Gaimard invited the Sami minister and botanist Lars Levi Læstadius on the voyage for his knowledge in botany and Sami culture.
The company was given an international dimension. Gaimard had hired many renowned European scholars. The Arctic exploration in the 1870s marked a watershed in the history of international scientific cooperation. The first evidence of this cooperation was, in 1882, the International Polar Year.

</doc>
<doc id="19225311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225311" title="Perfidia (disambiguation)">
Perfidia (disambiguation)

"Perfidia" is a popular Mexican song. 
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19225313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225313" title="Júlio Silva">
Júlio Silva

Júlio Silva (born on July 1, 1979 in Jundiaí, São Paulo) is a professional tennis player from Brazil who turned professional in 1999.
He reached his highest singles ATP-ranking on November 16, 2009, when he became the number 144 of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19225316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225316" title="Herbert Gintis">
Herbert Gintis

Herbert Gintis (born February 11, 1940 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American economist, behavioral scientist, educator, and author. He is notable for his theoretical contributions to sociobiology, especial altruism, cooperation, epistemic game theory, gene-culture coevolution, efficiency wages, strong reciprocity, and human capital theory.
Gintis obtained his B.A. in mathematics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1961. The following year, he obtained an M.A. in mathematics from Harvard University. In 1969, he obtained a Ph.D. in economics from Harvard after acceptance of his dissertation, "Alienation and power: towards a radical welfare economics".
Gintix works extensively with economist Samuel Bowles. Both Gintis and Bowles were asked by Martin Luther King Jr. to write papers for the 1968 Poor People's March. Gintis and others were also 1968 co-founders of Union for Radical Political Economists.
Gintis is currently professor at Central European University, professor emeritus at the University of Massachusetts Amherst and external professor at the Santa Fe Institute.
Author.
Gintis is an editor of the "Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization". He is the author of numerous scholarly articles and books, some of which include:

</doc>
<doc id="19225345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225345" title="Carnegie Art Museum (Oxnard, California)">
Carnegie Art Museum (Oxnard, California)

The Carnegie Art Museum, formerly known as the Oxnard Public Library and the Carnegie Cultural Arts Center, is a Neo-Classical building and art museum located adjacent to Plaza Park in Oxnard, California, United States. It opened in 1907 as the Oxnard Public Library and was later converted into an art museum. In July 1971, it became the first building in Ventura County to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Oxnard Public Library.
The structure, resembling a Greek temple with Doric columns on three sides, was built from 1906-1907 as a Carnegie library. Industrialist Andrew Carnegie initially gave $10,000 toward construction of a public library for the City of Oxnard, but as the plans were to be drawn, the city decided to build a more expensive building that could also house the city's municipal offices and city hall. In July 1906, the city signed a contract with Thomas Carroll for $14,000 to build the dual-use facility. Carnegie agreed to pay half of the additional appropriation in addition to the original $10,000 gift. Oxnard's first mayor, Richard Haydock, selected the Greek Neo-Classical architecture, which was designed by Los Angeles architect, Franklin Burnham.
The building opened on May 15, 1907, and five years later, Oxnard could boast that its library had "the largest circulation of any city of the sixth class in the State." In 1923, a three-story addition was built on the east side of the library. The structure continued to serve as Oxnard's city hall until 1949 and as the Oxnard Public Library until 1963.
Other uses and historic designation.
In March 1963, the Oxnard Public Library moved to a new location, and the building was used between 1963 and 1975 by the Oxnard Art Club, the Convention and Visitors Bureau and the Chamber of Commerce. In July 1971, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places, becoming the first site so designated in Ventura County. It also served as a facade for the "Dan August" television show starring Burt Reynolds in the early 1970s.
Carnegie Art Museum.
In 1977, the city received a $133,000 federal grant to restore the building, which re-opened on August 16, 1980 as the Carnegie Cultural Arts Center, which was the home of the Art Club of Oxnard, the Oxnard Historical Society Museum and the audiovisual portion of the Oxnard Public Library. In 1986, the building became the Carnegie Art Museum, owned and operated by the City of Oxnard. The museum had 37,000 visitors in 2002. It has hosted exhibitions by Southern California artists, including Michael Dvortcsak, Joyce Trieman, Frank Romero and Gronk. The Museum also has a permanent collection of more than 1,500 art and ethnographic objects, including over 600 paintings, drawings, prints and photographs primarily by 20th century California artists such as Arthur Beaumont, Colin Campbell Cooper, Millard Sheets, and Leo Politi.

</doc>
<doc id="19225376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225376" title="Cristy Lane discography">
Cristy Lane discography

This article documents the discography of American country and gospel singer, Cristy Lane.
Lane began performing at local nightclubs and later performed for the soldiers in Vietnam. However, due to a serious helipcopter accident in Vietnam, Lane suffered emotionally and physically for a number of years. In the late 1970s, she began recording for husband's private recording studio, LS Records.
Lane released her first singles off the label in 1976 and 1977, charting for the first time with "Trying to Forget About You," and had her first major hit with "Let Me Down Easy" in 1977. Following the success of "Let Me Down Easy," Lane released her debut album, "Cristy Lane is the Name" of off LS. After releasing a second album, "Love Lies" off of LS, she signed with Liberty Records. In 1980, she had her biggest hit, "One Day at a Time," which peaked at #1 on the Billboard Country Chart. Lane and her husband began to promote her music an television around this time, which helped her increase her record sales, and into the 1990s and new millennium, they sell her albums on the World Wide Web.

</doc>
<doc id="19225397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225397" title="Souvenaid">
Souvenaid

Souvenaid is the name of a medical nutrition formulation, presented as a drink, that has been studied for potential use in the dietary management of early Alzheimer’s disease. Randomised controlled trials have shown that Souvenaid modestly improves memory in subjects with early Alzheimer’s disease while showing insignificant benefits in other tests of cognitive function. 
Souvenaid was developed by Advanced Medical Nutrition division of Nutricia and contains a patented combination of nutrients, referred to under the trademark Fortasyn Connect™. Souvenaid was designed to support synapse formation and function in early Alzheimer’s disease.
Development of Souvenaid concept.
Souvenaid is the result of research by investigators from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and other international groups being conducted since 2002. Much of the research was led by MIT Professor Richard Wurtman.
The concept of Souvenaid is based on the fact that loss of synapses is one of the hallmarks of Alzheimer’s disease and that this hallmark correlates best with memory impairment. There is evidence in the scientific literature that individuals with this condition may lack adequate levels of nutrients important for the formation of new synapses in order to compensate for the experienced loss. Souvenaid has been studied in pre-clinical and clinical studies.
Pre-clinical Trials.
Researchers demonstrated in pre-clinical models that by increasing the supply of certain nutrients, the synthesis of phospholipids and neuronal membranes can be increased. Those nutrients were also shown to increase dendritic spines, synaptic proteins and neurite outgrowth, all prerequisites for synapse formation, as well as neurotransmission. The greatest effects were observed when combinations of nutrients were used. Administration of specific nutrients was also shown to improve learning and memory in preclinical models. These research findings provided the scientific rationale for the formulation of Souvenaid.
Clinical Trials of Souvenaid.
Early Alzheimer’s disease.
Souvenaid has been tested in two randomised, controlled, double-blind clinical trials in early Alzheimer’s disease (AD). In both studies, Souvenaid was compared with a matched isocaloric, isonitrogenous control drink in mild AD subjects who had not received drug therapy for Alzheimer’s disease.
The ‘Souvenir I’ study included 225 subjects with mild Alzheimer’s disease (mean MMSE score 23.9) enrolled at sites in The Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, UK and USA. Results were published in 2010 in the journal Alzheimer’s & Dementia by Philip Scheltens and colleagues. The trial showed that daily Souvenaid for 12 weeks significantly improved the co-primary endpoint of delayed verbal memory, measured using the standard Wechsler Memory Scale-revised (WMS-r). There was no difference between Souvenaid and the control drink on the modified 13-item Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-cognitive subscale (ADAS-cog), the other co-primary endpoint.
The ‘Souvenir II’ study included 259 subjects with mild Alzheimer’s disease (mean MMSE score 25.0) enrolled in sites in The Netherlands, Germany, France, Belgium, Italy and Spain. Results were first presented by Philip Scheltens at the fourth congress ‘Clinical Trials on Alzheimer’s Disease (CtAD)’ in San Diego in November 2011. The study showed that during 24 weeks, Souvenaid significantly improved the predefined primary endpoint of memory, measured by the memory domain of a Neuropsychological Test Battery (NTB). No significant intervention effect was observed on the NTB executive function domain, a secondary endpoint of the study.
Souvenaid was well tolerated in both studies involving subjects with drug-naïve early Alzheimer’s disease. There was no difference in the incidence of adverse events between Souvenaid and the control drink. The trials were funded by Nutricia.
Mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease.
‘S-Connect’ was a 24-week randomised, controlled, double-blind study conducted in 48 centres in the USA in 527 subjects with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease (MMSE score 14–24). All subjects were on stable use of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and/or N-methyl d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist. Results were first presented by Dr Raj Shah at the fourth congress ‘Clinical Trials on Alzheimer’s Disease (CtAD)’ in San Diego in November 2011. There was no difference in the primary efficacy endpoint of ADAS-cog between Souvenaid and control groups. No group differences in adverse event rates were seen between Souvenaid and the control drink. The trial was funded by Nutricia.
Prodromal Alzheimer’s disease.
‘LipiDiDiet’ is a randomised, controlled trial conducted by the European LipiDiDiet Consortium and funded by the EU FP7 project LipiDiDiet, (Grant Agreement N° 211696). The study is designed to evaluate the effects of Souvenaid in subjects with prodromal Alzheimer’s disease defined by the Dubois criteria over a study period of 24 months. The primary endpoint is cognitive performance during 24 months of intervention as measured by a modified version of the NTB. Secondary endpoints include progression to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive performance, functional abilities, occurrence of depressive symptoms, plasma biomarkers, brain atrophy rates on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), nutritional parameters, tolerability and safety. As of May 2012, the study is still ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="19225412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225412" title="Baneheia">
Baneheia

Baneheia is an area in Kristiansand in Norway, mostly known at the national level from the Baneheia case, as the scene of a notorious murder of two girls aged 8 and 10 that took place in 2000. The area is a local recreational area with lakes and forest. The Baneheia area, close to Downtown Kristiansand and Ravnedalen Park, was given to the citizens of Kristiansand by king Christian 4th of Denmark-Norway when the city was founded in 1641.
Baneheia as a recreational area.
The lake called '3. stampe' or 'Stampa' is a popular swimming lake with a couple of small beaches and nice water temperatures during summer. On the "Drageknatten" hill, the you can get a nice view of the city center and the docks. Baneheia is used for jogging during spring, summer and autumn and can be used for skiing during winter if there's enough snow. Some parts of the area are even accessible by wheelchair users.
History.
Baneheia used to be quite a sad view, as the trees were gone because of the inhabitants' need of wood. In the 1800s, general Joseph Frantz Oscar Wergeland used soldiers from the city's garrison to plant trees, build stairs, roads etc. and made Baneheia into what it is today.
Baneheia murders.
The area is also known for the infamous double murder incident which occurred in May 2000. Two young girls were raped and murdered close by '3. Stampe' -lake and their bodies hidden in the adjacent woods. The case sent shock-waves through Norwegian society and the name "baneheia" is today mostly synonymous with the gruesome crime.

</doc>
<doc id="19225499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225499" title="Ingram Crockett">
Ingram Crockett

Ingram Crockett (February 10, 1856, Henderson, Kentucky - October 5, 1936) was an American poet and journalist.
Crockett was the son of John W. Henderson, a member of the Confederate Congress in Kentucky, and Louisa M. Ingram. Educated at public schools in Henderson, Crockett never went to college. On May 17, 1887 he married Mary Cameron Stites (1864–1955) With the exception of "A brother of Christ", a novel about Kentucky Christadelphians, Crockett's literary output for magazines and in published collections was poetical. "One does not have to travel far in any direction today in order to find many persons declaring that Ingram Crockett is the finest poet living in the state today"
He and his wife were buried in Fernwood Cemetery, Henderson.

</doc>
<doc id="19225507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225507" title="2009 Toronto Rock season">
2009 Toronto Rock season

The Toronto Rock are a lacrosse team based in Toronto playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the 13th in franchise history, and 12th as the Rock.
On November 6, 2008, the Rock announced that veteran Chris Driscoll would be the new team captain, replacing the retired Jim Veltman.
Only three games into the season, the Rock fired head coach Glenn Clark and assistant coach Terry Bullen and hired former Chicago Shamrox and Colorado Mammoth coach Jamie Batley as the new head coach. Assistant coach Jim Veltman was relieved of his coaching duties, but remained with the Rock as an advisor.
After winning their first game of the season, the Rock won only once in their next eight games before a three-game winning streak gave fans some hope that the season was not lost. However, three straight losses forced the Rock out of the playoffs for the second straight year. Rock President Brad Watters said that the team "drastically under-delivered", and vowed to make whatever changes were necessary to fix the team.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference: 
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=25959&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Rock selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19225515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225515" title="Baneheia murders">
Baneheia murders

The Baneheia murders () was a notorious case of double rape-and murder that occurred in Norway on 19. May 2000. The victims were 10-year-old Lena Sløgedal Paulsen (born 14 May 1990) and 8-year-old Stine Sofie Sørstrønen (born 10 May 1992) who were found raped and killed at Baneheia in Kristiansand. Locals Viggo Kristiansen (born 24 May 1979) and Jan Helge Andersen (born 17 January 1981) were arrested and were convicted of the murders in 2002. The murders sent shock-waves through the Norwegian public who reacted with shock and disbelief. The case received massive media attention in Norway for several years in the early 2000s and beyond, as well as attracting attention abroad.
Kristiansen was convicted of both murders and of raping both girls, and sentenced to 21 years in prison (containment, see below). Andersen was convicted of the murder of Sørstrønen, but acquitted of the murder of Paulsen. He was also convicted of raping both girls, and sentenced to 19 years in prison. Kristiansen has always maintained his innocence, and his conviction was based solely on circumstantial evidence, leading to some controversy.
The murders.
Sørstrønen lived in the town of Grimstad while Sløgedal Paulsen lived in a different neighborhood within the city of Kristiansand. They were visiting with their fathers who both lived in the same block of flats within the residential area of Grim. On the evening of 19 May, they were going swimming together at a small lake called "stampe 2." in the popular recreation area of Baneheia, which was not very far. They left home at approximately 18:30 and were last seen alive at. 19.30, when they left the lake heading for home.
On their way home, the girls ran into the two assailants, Viggo Kristiansen and Jan Helge Andersen, who had been bicycling around the area looking for potential victims. They were lured by Kristiansen, who pretended to be looking for lost kittens, up to a more secluded part of the terrain. At the trial, the court established that both girls were at this point first ordered to undress, then sexually assaulted by Kristiansen. Andersen contributed to this act by subduing the girls, as well as later sexually molesting Sørstrønen. After Kristiansen had raped Sløgedal Paulsen, he killed her by stabbing her three times, once in the abdomen/chest and two times in the neck, severing her right carotid artery.
After briefly arguing over who was going to kill the remaining child, Andersen proceeded to stab Sørstrønen once in the neck, also severing her carotid artery, while Kristiansen was holding her arms and legs. The two men then covered the bodies with vegetation, and stuffed their bodies between the slab rocks before throwing the girls' blood-soaked swimsuits in the muddy waters of the lake. After walking back towards the neighborhood of E.g., in which they lived, the two men planned to feign an alibi for the time of the murders, Kristiansen was to say he was in his workshop, while Andersen was to claim he was jogging. Later in the day, the two met up at Kristiansens house, where they called up two other friends, in an attempt to bolster their alibi.
Search.
When the two girls had not returned home by 23:00, the parents reported them missing, and a major search operation was launched. Immediately, police together with canine units began searching the area. By the next morning, over 50 volunteers from the Norwegian Red Cross were participating in the search. This number soon swelled to the hundreds, as Sea King and special police helicopters and were called in along with rescue divers and civilian divers who trawled the lakes and ponds in the area. Volunteer mountaineers also climbed the steep cliffs bordering Baneheia, while the fire department surveyed the shorelines. On Saturday night it was set up 16 listening posts around the terrain, which could detect any sounds in the stillness of the night, in case the girls were injured somewhere in the hills.
Two days after the disappearance, the police expanded the search to include all of the woodlands and lakes adjacent to Kristiansand, collectively known as "Bymarka". Authorities also mobilized the military in the efforts to locate the missing children, with hundreds of troops from the Home guard joining in, canvassing gardens, garages, boats, sheds, hedges and kindergartens. Helicopters applied heat-seeking cameras, all tunnels in connection with road construction in Baneheia was scanned, and all buses, ferries, trains and taxis were checked by armed police, but gave no clue as to the whereabouts of the girls.
Two days after the disappearance, police announced the discovery of a human skeleton near the river Otra, outside of Baneheia, but quickly declared it to be a missing German tourist, unrelated to the case. on the evening on the same day, police cordoned of a large area by the lake known as "2. Stampe". Police later that evening declared that both girls had been found murdered at that site. Upon receiving the news, the reaction among the hundreds of search-and-rescue personnel on site was one of enormous grief, many breaking down and weeping inconsolably, others walking around in a state of shock.
The bodies of the two little girls were found hidden under pine branches in a small slab rock crack a few dozen meters west of the pond, which is one of several ponds that constitutes a much frequented bathing area for the populace in Kristiansand. Traces of blood were also found across the scene along with the girls' clothes and shoes. They had been sexually assaulted, tied-up, strangled and stabbed to death.
Investigation.
Early investigation.
After the discovery of the bodies, the police opened a murder investigation. Despite having received about 150 tips in the case, they were practically without leads. Kristiansand Police however stated that they were ""optimistic and confident that this case, we will be able to resolve fairly quickly"". Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg and Minister of Justice Hanne Harlem both stated that everything would be done to get the murders solved. 
On a normal Friday night there tended to be around 200 people jogging and strolling around in Baneheia. On the night of the crime, approximately 100 people were either jogging or walking through the area. A fixed abode for drug users that for years had been colloquially referred to as "acid peak" was only 200 meters from the place where the two little girls was found murdered. Police interviewed large numbers of individuals known to frequent the area in order to learn of any possible witnesses. The area was also a formerly known as a place where exhibitionists and voyeurs have operated.
Other possible suspects that were questioned by police included former sex-offenders, local convicted rapists, convicted murderers and even two psychiatric patients who had escaped from an psychiatric institution adjacent to the area. Similar crimes, such as the murder of a 13-year old girl in Sweden were matched along with the brutal rape of two young girls in Oslo in the case of an eventual serial-offender. Even cases of child-murders in England was re-examined. Friends of the victims told police investigators that the two girls had previously experienced a mysterious man following them during a swimming trips. Police initially theorized that the same man was in-fact the murderer.
The acting chief of the Criminal Investigation Service (Kripos) Håkon Skulstad said that worst case scenario was a travelling perpetrator who was just passing through, just as Norway had experienced in the case of Thomas Quick However professor and leading forensic psychiatrist Berthold Grünfeld stated that this was unlikely. According to him, the murderer was most likely a man, in his 30s and without prior criminal record. This was echoed by expert forensic psychiatrist Kjell Noreik who added that the perpetrator most likely was without any serious mental illness, and was "aware of his actions".
Investigators concluded that they were most likely facing two perpetrators, who had meticulously planned the murders in advance, due to the difficulties a single perpetrator would face in controlling both girls. As he attacked one, the other would have an opportunity to escape. In Baneheia, people are always close by, and there are plenty of hiding places among the pine thickets and rocks. The odds were good that a lone assailant would fail.
Expert analysts from Kripos stated that they were tasked with hunting two "stone-cold psychopaths, loners, without a wife or children, who lives either alone or with their mothers. They are socially maladjusted." as specialist-agents struggled to compose a profile for the killers. By this time, police were actually closing in on a circle of about five unidentified suspects who police believed could be sufficiently disturbed to be able to commit such brutal and heinous crimes. All of them had ties to the local community.
Arrests.
From as early as June, the police had began matching the DNA results found on the crime scene to list of suspects they had complied. On September 13, after keeping him under surveillance for 48-hours, they arrested 19-year old Jan Helge Andersen and charged him with the double murder. According to police, his DNA was a perfect match with pubic hairs found on the scene. He had no criminal record. Hours later Police also arrested 21-year old Viggo Kristiansen, who had previous convictions for minor sexual-offenses.
The two suspects were close friends, had served in the military Home Guard together and had been seen by witnesses near the crime scene on the day of the murders. Upon his arrest, and confronted with DNA evidence Andersen tearfully delivered a full confession.
He explained that the two men had plotted to commit rape and murder in detail for some time, and had bicycled around in Baneheia on the day of the murder looking for random victims when they spotted the two girls swimming. After luring the girls into the woods by claiming to have kittens, Andersen claimed that he acted as lookout while Kristiansen raped the two girls, and that he was forced to kill Sløgedal Paulsen after fearing she would scream. Kristiansen then stabbed Sørstrønen to death when she tried to escape. He claimed Kristiansen was the dominant one, and that it was he who gave the orders, which he felt compelled to follow, as he was intimidated by Kristiansen.
Kristiansen however, vehemently denied having anything to do with the murders. Both men were subject to evaluation by court appointed psychiatrists, and both men were subsequently declared to be legally sane and fit to stand trial.
Trial.
On April 23, 2001 the trial against Andersen and Kristiansen began. Kristiansen pleaded not guilty to the charge of two counts of premeditated murder and rape. Andersen pleaded guilty to one count of rape and one count of 2nd-degree murder. In addition, and unrelated to the case Kristiansen was stood accused of rape and indecent assault against a girl under the age of 10, indecent assault against a boy under 10 years and intimidating / harassing behavior towards a woman in the form of Voyeurism. The court heard 50 witnesses, 30 for the prosecution and 19 for the two defendants.
During the trial, prosecutor Edward Dahl painted Viggo Kristiansen as an extremely violent psychopath who was obsessed with pornography and rape. Psychiatrists testifying for the prosecution described him as a sexual predator and a "ticking time-bomb". The prosecutor also cast serious doubts on the veracity of Jan Helge Andersen's version of events. Amongst other things, Andersen had no explanation for why the girls were wearing each other's clothes when they were found.
Furthermore, Andersen had changed his story several times during interrogation, and only when confronted with evidence had he admitted to the molesting the girls, as well as covering the bodies with pine branches. He never showed any signs of remorse, seeing himself as another victim of his co-defendant. Court psychiatrists noted his striking tendency to blame every aspect of the crime on Kristiansen, but could not agree on a definite diagnosis. In the end, it was Andersen's statement which was the main pillar in the verdict against Kristiansen.
Verdict.
Viggo Kristiansen was found guilty on all counts and sentenced to 21 years imprisonment (containment, equivalent to a life-sentence). Jan Helge Andersen was found guilty of one count of murder and rape, and sentenced to 19 years in prison According to the verdict, Viggo Kristiansen was the leading force behind the crime. The court established that Kristiansen and Andersen both had "subnormal" IQ of 83 and 84 respectively, that Kristiansen "is to be considered dangerous", has "paedophile tendencies", "small or no possibility of improvement" and that it is "a reasonable danger that he might again commit violent acts and sexual abuse".
The presiding judge Asbjørn Nes Hansen wrote in his sentencing : ""Each of the victims has been subjected to the extreme burden of having been forced to listen to the other being raped while moaning the pain. Lena must have had thoughts about what would happen to her while Stine Sofie was being raped. After Lena was killed, Stine Sofie must have heard the defendants quarreling about who was going to kill her. Jan Helge Andersen explained that Stine Sofie took the arm of the Lena and later peered onto her. She probably understood at that time that Lena was dead. As the District Court has referred in its judgment, it is not possible to comprehend the fear and the suffering that the two girls went through before they finally died.""
Viggo Kristiansen was not given an ordinary prison sentence, but rather sentenced to "containment" (the Norwegian legal term is "forvaring"), a form of special protective custody which means he may be held in prison indefinitely and is subject to release only at the discretion of a judge after his sentence is served. "Containment" is roughly comparable to a life sentence in many other European countries. Kristiansen is serving his sentence at Ila Prison, while Andersen was serving his sentence at Telemark Prison in Skien up until 2012, when he was transferred to a minimum security prison, in order to better prepare him for his eventual release on parole, possible from April 2013.
Challenges to the conviction.
Viggo Kristiansen has always maintained that he had no involvement in the murders. No technical evidence has ever been presented against him, and the murder weapon has never been found, despite extensive searches. The only piece of evidence tying him to the crime scene was Andersens testimony which was questionable and weak at best.
A hair that was found on the scene where two girls were killed, did not match the police or the search party that was on site. There is thus still a mystery who the hair belongs to, since it also did not match any of the victims or the accused. The defense-attorney of Kristiansen, argued during the trial of the killings, that the hair strand came from an hitherto unknown assailant. Additionally, some experts have claimed that phone records show that Kristiansen could not have been in the vicinity at the time of the murders, although this is disputed.
In 2008, Kristiansen filed a motion to re-open his case. The process involved DNA-testing of original biological samples stored at Santiago de Compostela-institute in Spain, and the Forensic institute in Norway. Material that had been reported dispatched by Norwegian authorities. The first samples gave a positive DNA-profile from Jan Helge Andersen, but no match from Kristiansen. The second samples gave no match from either suspects.
In 2010, the motion was denied by the authorities, stating that the case was not sufficient for re-opening. Kristiansen appealed this to the Supreme Court of Norway in February 2012, his lawyers hoped that he would be granted a new trial. In that case evidence that was not considered during the first court proceedings could be submitted. Viggo Kristiansen has famously argued that new evidence would acquit him.
On March 27 the supreme court rejected his appeal, which effectively exhausted his chance of acquittal in Norwegian courts. His lawyers has since appealed to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, as well has hired leading international forensic biologist Greg Hampikian in order to firmly exclude the possibility of two assailants, with the hopes of exonerating Kristiansen.
Legacy.
The case traumatized the Norwegian society, and making headlines for several consecutive months. The crime created great anger in the Sørlandet district and across Norway, so much that one early suspect, a formerly convicted murderer, had to flee his home and sleep outside in a tent out of fear of vigilante violence. Andersen's lawyer Ben Fegran had to seek police protection after receiving multiple death threats from vigilantes.
Ten years after the murders, the name 'Baneheia' is still synonymous with the crime. On the first anniversary for the murders, a huge outdoor memorial service was held in Sørstrønens hometown of Grimstad. Artists including Bjørn Eidsvåg, a-ha, Ole Edvard Antonsen and Morten Harket celebrated the victims' lives from the scene at the granite quarry in Fjæreheia.
The mother of Sørstrønen, Ada Sofie Austegard founded Stine Sofie's Foundation, a charitable foundation that will fight to preserve the rights of children when they are exposed to violence and sex crimes, as well as work to increase the minimum penalty for child abuse. She has ever since been active in promoting laws to protect children on the national level.
Campaigning for "A childhood without violence", the foundation has been credited with the remarkable improvements in child protection in Norway. Sponsoring among others legislation guaranteeing children the right to a puclic attorney in cases where they are victims of violent or sexual crimes, as well as starting the first national helpline for children. Former Minister of Justice Knut Storberget called the murders "the decisive watershed moment in terms of turning the police effort against the violence that affects women and children".

</doc>
<doc id="19225525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225525" title="Fitzpatrick, Alabama">
Fitzpatrick, Alabama

Fitzpatrick is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Bullock County, Alabama, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 83. The community is served by Alabama State Route 110.

</doc>
<doc id="19225539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225539" title="Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks">
Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks

The Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks (ULM Warhawks) are the sports teams of the University of Louisiana at Monroe in 14 sports: baseball, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's cross country, football, men's and women's golf, women's soccer, softball, men's and women's track and field, women's tennis, and volleyball. The athletic director for the Warhawks is Brian Wickstrom, who took the position on July 2, 2013. Since 2006, the ULM has competed as a full member of the Sun Belt Conference.
Renaming.
On January 30, 2006, university president James Cofer announced officially that ULM would be retiring the 75-year-old "Indians" mascot in light of new NCAA restrictions against American Indian-themed mascots, which the NCAA considers "hostile and abusive" to Native Americans, despite issuing an appeal to the NCAA to keep the name after the NCAA's ruling allowing FSU to keep their Seminoles nickname. This came a few days after a mascot committee voted unanimously in favor of the change. The university accepted suggestions for the new mascot through February 28, 2006. The mascot committee then selected 12 semifinalists.
An online poll, available to students, faculty, staff, alumni, donors and the public, yielded three semifinalists: "Warhawks," "Bayou Gators" and "Bayou Hawks." The school's mascot committee passed a single recommendation to the university president, who made the final decision. Warhawks was announced as ULM's new mascot on April 5, 2006 and implemented on June 26, 2006. The new nickname honors Maj. Gen. Claire Lee Chennault, an LSU alumnus, and his Air Force unit from World War II, which utilized the Curtiss P-40 Warhawk in battle, although the logos primarily use bird imagery.
Men's sports.
Football.
The Warhawks college football team dates back to 1931, and currently competes in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision. Playing as a member of the Sun Belt Conference (Sun Belt), the Warhawks play their home games at Malone Stadium, located on the campus. Since December 2009, Todd Berry has served as the Warhawks' head coach. As the Indians, Monroe captured or shared four Southland Conference championships and won the 1987 I-AA National Championship.
The program has sent several players into the professional ranks, including Stan Humphries, Bubby Brister, Chris Harris, Doug Pederson, Marty Booker,Teddy Garcia, Roosevelt Potts, Joe Profit, Cardia Jackson and Smokey Stover into the National Football League, Steven Jyles into the Canadian Football League and Raymond Philyaw into the Arena League.
2012 was the first season since moving to the Football Bowl Subdivision that Louisiana–Monroe had a winning season.
Men's basketball.
Conference Championships: 1962, 1965, 1979, 1980, 1982, 1986, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 1997, 2007
Baseball.
The baseball team is coached by Jeff Schexnaider, and won the 2008 Sun Belt Conference Championship. The team's home field is Warhawk Field. In 2012, the Warhawks won the Sun Belt Conference Baseball Tournament and earned the conference's automatic bid to play in the NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
Men's golf.
Conference Championships: 1968, 2004
Women's sports.
Softball.
Conference Championships: 1986, 1997
Women's track and field.
'"Conference Championships:
Non–varsity sports.
Water Skiing.
The University of Louisiana at Monroe Water Ski Team has been the dominant ski team since the inception of collegiate water ski competition in 1979, capturing 20 National Championship titles over the past 29 years.
Rivalries.
Football rivalries involving Warhawk sports teams include:
Facilities.
Athletic venues and facilities include:

</doc>
<doc id="19225550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225550" title="Stadion Oporowska">
Stadion Oporowska

Stadion Oporowska is a football stadium in Wrocław, Poland. It is the former home ground of Śląsk Wrocław. The stadium holds 8,346 spectators. 
This gives the 7870 seats for spectators hosts.

</doc>
<doc id="19225551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225551" title="Santelmo">
Santelmo

The Santelmo (St. Elmo's Fire) is a creature of Philippine mythology. The term "santelmo" is the shortened form of the Tagalog words "Apoy ni San Elmo "-"St. Elmo's Fire". St. Elmo's Fire has long served as an omen of heavenly intervention to sailors. The ancient Greeks termed a single jet of the fire, Helena, and a double jet, Castor and Pollux. It has also been known by the names St. Nicholas and St. Hermes, corpusante and Corpus Santos. The name of St. Elmo is attributed to an Italian derivation of Sant 'Ermo or St. Erasmus (circa 300), the patron saint of the early Mediterranean sailors challenging the powers of storm and sea in small sailing vessels.
Physical Appearance.
St. Elmo's Firestx have ranged from a ghostly dancing flame to natural fireworks. It usually is of a blue or bluish-white colour attached to fixed, grounded conductors and has a lifetime of minutes. The flame is heatless and non-consuming, occasionally accompanied by a hissing sound. These latter properties prove the myths of spiritual presence. The biblical burning bush that was not consumed may have been displaying one form of St. Elmo's Fire.
Scientific explanation.
Ball lightning is a natural phenomenon, or debatably, a pseudoscientific theory. It is sometimes associated with thunderstorms. It takes the form of a long-lived, glowing, floating object, as opposed to the short-lived arcing between two points commonly associated with lightning. An early attempt to explain ball lightning was recorded by Nikola Tesla on March 5, 1904.
There may, however, be special forms of plasma for which the above arguments do not fully apply. In particular, a plasma may be composed of negative and positive ions, rather than electrons and positive ions. In that case, the recombination may be rather slow even at ambient temperature. One such theory involves positively charged hydrogen and negatively charged nitrites (NO2–) and nitrates (NO3–). In that theory, the role of the ions as seeds for the condensation of water droplets plays an important role.
Ball lightning has also been seen to appear inside an aircraft, which has a metallic skin. Since the electric field cannot penetrate metal, there is a possibility ball lightning could be some form of induction phenomenon.

</doc>
<doc id="19225567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225567" title="Eric Kuhne">
Eric Kuhne

Eric Robert Kuhne (born September 2, 1951) is an American-born British architect based in London. Owner of CivicArts / Eric R Kuhne & Associates, his office is a research and design firm which has completed projects on five continents. The philosophy of CivicArts is to "re-unite the creative arts of art, architecture, garden, interior, urban and industrial design." He advances the theory of CivicArts as a counterpoint to the anonymity of modern culture.
With major projects around the world, Kuhne's best known assignment was the Bluewater Shopping Centre in Kent completed in 1999, the largest shopping mall in Europe. He is perhaps best known now for his recent master plan for Kuwait’s City of Silk which includes a proposal for a record-breaking Burj Mubarak al-Kabir (Arabian Nights Tower) . He was subsequently commissioned to create a similar project in Dubai in February 2008.
Life.
Kuhne was born in San Antonio, Texas of Swiss, Czech, and Swedish heritage and he grew up in the Air Force as a son to Major Robert David Kuhne and Thelma Parsons Kuhne. He moved with his sister (Dawn Elyse) and brother (Wes Parsons) from one Air Force base to another, living in San Antonio, Houston, Biloxi, Tampa, Tucson, Chicago, and El Paso before his father retired in 1962. The family then moved to New Haven, Indiana and civilian life. 
During his childhood, his father taught him perspective drawing when he was seven years old. His parents introduced him to architecture and civil engineering through books in their library. His early employment was with a landscape architect in Fort Wayne, Indiana before beginning work as an assistant to Dr Louis G. Petro, a Civil Engineer in Fort Wayne. With Louis G Petro & Associates, between the ages of 14 and 16, he learned drafting, project management, and the fundamentals to both architecture and engineering. He worked for Cole Matson & Matott Architects in Fort Wayne in his final year of high school. Graduating from New Haven High School in 1969, he entered William Marsh Rice University in the School of Architecture. There, he completed a Bachelor of Arts Degree with majors in both Art and Architecture in 1973. Returning to Indiana, he began work for Louis Petro, who was then the head of the Fort Wayne Housing Authority, and within three months he was selected as the Midtown Architect for Mayor Ivan Lebamoff in Fort Wayne. During this time, he completed a new master plan for downtown Fort Wayne. In addition, he restored the farmer's market back to West Berry Street, designed the Courtyards Project (then called the "Alley Project") at Wayne and Calhoun Streets, and developed the initial plans for Citilights State Park (eventually to become Headwaters Park).
While in Fort Wayne, Kuhne was also appointed to the Board of the Public Transportation Corporation by Mayor Lebamoff. He was appointed to the Allen County Soil & Water Conservation District by the Governor of the State of Indiana.
Traveling in Europe in 1974 under the William Ward Watkin Traveling Fellowship, which he been awarded from the Rice University School of Architecture in 1973, he traveled throughout Europe. Kuhne left Fort Wayne in 1981 to work for Michael Graves, Architect in Princeton, New Jersey. In the autumn of 1981 Kuhne entered Princeton's Graduate School of Architecture and graduated in 1983 with a Masters of Architecture degree. For his work there, he won the Henry Adams Medal from the American Institute of Architects.
Kuhne now works and lives in London in Clerkenwell. In December 2009, Eric Kuhne became a British citizen and holds dual citizenship with the United States of America.
CivicArts.
Foundation.
The current organization of CivicArts was outlined in 1975. The five divisions of Research (Edgewater Mail & Breeze), Concept Design (Citilights), Professional Architectural Services (Eric R Kuhne & Associates), Industrial Design & Manufacturing (Tesserax Designs), and Investment (Spondulix Deveopment) was prescribed as a way to convert ideas to form to built projects to retail distribution of custom designs to investment of real & intellectual property.
While at Princeton, in 1981 he opened Eric R Kuhne & Associates in his apartment on Nassau Street overlooking the entrance to Princeton University. There he hired several of his colleagues at the School of Architecture and entered design competitions. He won the Columbus Carscape Competition and three Progressive Architecture Design Awards for Courtyards, Headwaters Park, and River Walk.
The office was relocated to New York City in 1985 at 50 Walker Street where it remained until 2005 when it was centred in London. All work has been done out of the London Office which was opened in 1994.
Sydney, Australia.
In 1990, Kuhne visited his sister's family in Sydney, Australia and gave a talk at the University of Sydney School of Architecture entitled "Civic Vs Public". There he met Malcolm Latham who had just moved from being Director of the National Capital Planning Authority in Canberra to Director of Special Projects in Lend Lease Corporation. Through Latham, he was introduced to Stuart Hornery, Chairman of the Board of Lend Lease. 
Lend Lease engaged Kuhne's office to work on Darling Park, Australia's largest mixed-use waterfront development in Sydney. There many of the advanced ideas of cities and architecture were incubated. Darling Park continues to be one of the most successful waterfront developments in the southern hemisphere. It includes Cockle Bay Wharf and the Waratah Gardens as part of its completed design of .
World wide operations.
Opening an office in London, Kuhne began expanding the concentration of researchers, designers, and planners in the United Kingdom. With the addition of BurJuman Gardens Shopping Centre in Dubai in 1999, Kuhne's firm began working globally to create landmark destinations around the world. Kuhne now lectures all over the world about his research, using his projects to illustrate advanced ideas in art, architecture, landscape, urban and industrial design. His talks include "Civic Vs Public", "Stillife Vs Wildlife", "The Art of the Gift", "Marketplace of Ideas", "Skyscrapers vs Starcatchers", "Ornamental Cities" and "Five Cities For The Future". These talks all explore restoring the quality of story-telling to architecture, gardens and cities.
Philosophy.
His design philosophy, which he labels "Marketplace of Ideas" is to conceive "great" civic spaces that "restore the storytelling quality of architecture." He states, "cities have always been marketplaces for commodities, goods, services and faiths" but that "none of these truly reveres the power of civic life." He argues that retail trade "can bring back the pageantry of civic life to cities and towns." 
Projects.
Large scale retail-based projects that exemplify this philosophy include Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney, Australia, the huge Bluewater shopping centre in Kent, and the Titanic Quarter redevelopment in Belfast. His other projects include:

</doc>
<doc id="19225656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225656" title="Ian Nelson (musician)">
Ian Nelson (musician)

Ian Walter Nelson (Wakefield, Yorkshire, England on 23 April 1956 - 23 April 2006) was an English New Wave musician, and younger brother of Be-Bop Deluxe singer and guitarist Bill Nelson, whom he accompanied in different musical projects. He played mainly the saxophone.
Biography.
He was more than seven years younger than his brother , who was present at the time of his birth, on 23 April 1956. Walter, who was a saxophonist, taught him to play saxophone, which would later be Ian's principal instrument. 
His first participation was on the Be-Bop Deluxe song from the album (1976). When this band split up, Bill, alongside keyboardist , reunited with Ian on saxophone, and formed , a synthpop band which lasted briefly and was a continuation of .
After split up, spent some time collaborating in his brother Bill's solo career. In 1982, he joined ; during his three years with the band they released a number of singles, but only had two minor UK hits, "Secrets" & . gigged England and Europe until they broke up in 1985.
He reappeared in the early 1990s as member of and from 2001 to 2006 was in and . He was also a member of the line-up of a failed reformation of in 1990.
He also worked with , , , and among others.
Nelson died in his sleep, and was later found on his 50th birthday, on 23 April 2006, by his wife Diane.

</doc>
<doc id="19225739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225739" title="Have a Little Faith (Bill Frisell album)">
Have a Little Faith (Bill Frisell album)

Have a Little Faith is the fourth album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1992 and features performances by Frisell, Don Byron, Kermit Driscoll, Guy Klucevsek and Joey Baron coving a range of American classical and popular music.
Reception.
"The Penguin Guide to Jazz" selected this album as part of its suggested "Core Collection" calling it a "marvellous examination of Americana'".
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 5 stars out of 5, stating "This is one of the most inventive recordings of the 1990s and should delight most listeners from any genre.".

</doc>
<doc id="19225772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225772" title="SS 's Jacob (1907)">
SS 's Jacob (1907)

SS " 's Jacob" Dutch freighter built by Maatschappij Fijenoord, Rotterdam, Netherlands, in 1907, of and operated by "Koninklijke Paketvaart-Maatschappij" (KPM) in the Dutch East Indies trade. The ship, after seeking refuge in Australia during the Japanese invasion of the islands, became part of the Southwest Pacific Area (SWPA) command's permanent local fleet. " 's Jacob" was sunk off Papua New Guinea on 8 March 1943 during World War II by Japanese air attack.
World War II service.
The ship was engaged in logistics support for Allied forces in the efforts to hold the Malay Barrier by the American-British-Dutch-Australian Command (ABDA). During the final days before Java fell, she was in convoy MS.4 of four tankers and another cargo ship departing Sydney 31 January bound for the ABDA area taking a route south of Australia and up the west coast. On 15 February, the day Singapore fell and as took over the escort, ports in Sumatra were falling and the tankers and other cargo vessel were ordered to return to Fremantle. " 's Jacob " and "Perth" continued to be later joined by the Dutch ships "Swartenhondt" and "Karsik" until, on the evening of 21 February and some 600 miles south of the Sunda Strait, they too were ordered to return to Fremantle.
" 's Jacob" was one of the 21 KPM ships that sought refuge in Australia on the fall of Java that the Commanding General, United States Army Forces in Australia (USAFIA) was instructed to purchase or charter for the SWPA's permanent local fleet. On 26 March 1942, the Chief Quartermaster, USAFIA arranged interim charters pending final negotiations with the Netherlands Government in London. Final negotiations between the War Shipping Administration (WSA) and the Dutch government resulted in their being placed under U.S. Army control through a complex charter arrangement in which the British Ministry War Transport (BMWT) chartered the KPM vessels and with WSA allocated them to SWPA with the stipulation they be under total control of the U.S. Army. They typically were crewed by KPM's Dutch officers and Javanese crew. As part of the war effort, " 's Jacob" was upgraded and a 4-inch naval gun was mounted aft.
The ship was involved in the early days of reinforcements for Port Moresby and Milne Bay in New Guinea. In early September 1942, " 's Jacob" and left Townsville for Milne Bay in a convoy designated Q2 escorted by and later . On 5 September, the convoy was holding south of China Strait as Japanese naval forces were expected in Milne Bay that night. "Arunta" escorted "Anshun" into the port the next day with "Swan" and " 's Jacob" awaiting orders south of the strait where they were joined in the night by "Arunta". Meanwhile, "Anshun" was discharging cargo by lights when the port was attacked by Japanese surface forces and she was shelled and capsized by the light cruiser . " 's Jacob" entering Milne Bay was considered an unnecessary risk, and the escorts were ordered to Port Moresby until the situation stabilized.
" 's Jacob", escorted by the Australian corvette as part of Operation Lilliput, was transporting troops, weapons, and supplies from Milne Bay to Oro Bay. On 8 March 1943, as " 's Jacob" rounded Cape Nelson, nine high-flying Imperial Japanese bombers escorted by 12 fighters attacked her near Porlock Bay. The aircraft scored three direct hits and at least 15 near misses, which caused serious structural damage and wounded several crewmen. A large fire started on the foreship, and with the water pumps shutting down preventing any effort to extinguish the fire, the order was given to abandon ship. All those aboard had to jump overboard and clung to wreckage. 158 men were picked up by "Bendigo", two of which died on the way to Milne Bay. Within 18 minutes of the attack, " 's Jacob" slid under the waves at 13:16 off Porlock Harbour.
Five men were lost in the sinking, including Private George Watson, who remained in the water and instead of trying to save himself, assisted soldiers who could not swim into life rafts. George Watson was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor.
In 1986, the wreck of " 's Jacob" was found by divers off Porlock Harbor in of water. The ship's bell was recovered and later donated to the Lae Yacht Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19225783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225783" title="Hans Albrecht, Hereditary Prince of Schleswig-Holstein">
Hans Albrecht, Hereditary Prince of Schleswig-Holstein

Hans Albrecht, Hereditary Prince of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, since 1931 of Schleswig-Holstein (12 May 1917, Schloss Louisenlund, Schleswig, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany – 10 August 1944, Zedlinsk, Poland) was the Hereditary Prince of Schleswig-Holstein and the heir apparent to the Head of the House of Oldenburg. Hans Albrecht was the eldest son of Wilhelm Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Marie Melita of Hohenlohe-Langenburg. The Hereditary Prince fought in the Second World War between 1939 and 1944 when he died from wounds received in action near Zedlinsk, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19225841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225841" title="Opinion polling in the Canadian federal election, 2008">
Opinion polling in the Canadian federal election, 2008

Polls leading up to the Canadian federal election, 2008.
Polls.
The dates listed are normally the date the survey was concluded. Most news and political affairs sources use the convention of using the last date that the poll was conducted in order to establish the inclusion/exclusion of current events.
Leadership polls.
Aside from conducting the usual opinion surveys on general party preferences, polling firms also survey public opinion on who would make the best Prime Minister:
Sometimes the information is further broken down, as in this Strategic Counsel poll conducted from February 15 to February 18, 2007:
The Strategic Counsel also conducts occasional polls of the overall impression of the party leaders: favourable or not favourable (favourable percentage shown).

</doc>
<doc id="19225889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225889" title="Jay Perez">
Jay Perez

Jay Perez is an American Tejano musician, who is known for his mixing of Rhythm and Blues with traditional Tejano music. Initially a drummer, he became a leading vocalist for Latin Breed and David Lee Garza y los Musicales. Perez began a solo career in the early 1990s and has released several solo albums. He has also won several Tejano Music Awards. To his fan base, he is known as "The Voice".
DVD.
"Jay Perez Up Close and Personal" 2005

</doc>
<doc id="19225909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225909" title="Rebel Krown">
Rebel Krown

Rebel Krown is a group of DJs / turntablists from Brooklyn, New York.
History.
Formed as a DJ crew in the mid 1990s and originally including 3 members, under the name Flatbush International, which was chosen because of the part of Brooklyn they are from. 
Rebel Krown was formed by ACP Da Exec, Syxx Figgaz, and Little Kev. Initially the group began doing free parties for their East Flatbush neighborhood out of the basement of their house. Word of the free parties began to spread throughout Brooklyn and more people began coming to the parties entitled "DUBfest". The group would eventually move the parties to the backyard, and then into the street, similar to Passa Passa.
Experiencing modest success, the group began to grow and added members Prezzy, and Genius to the crew. Original member Little Kev had to leave the crew due to family cirumstances.
The crew decided to begin releasing CDs using the funds they earned from parties. Syxx Figgaz began the "Dancehall Meltdown", and "Dancehall Rewind" series. Genius had "Culture Mix", and Big Kev HD released "House Party Vol.1". All albums were released, and initially sold out of the trunk of crew members cars, and word of mouth.
In 2000, the group decided they needed to add a Hype Man to push their parties over the top. This was necessary as they began to throw parties for bigger venues, and began to get noticed by major promoters. To accomplish this task they added local radio personality, Big Kev HD. Big Kev HD was well known for his over the top style of comedy, and energetic voice, as well as his style of djaying. Big Kev HD is also well known for engaging the audience in the party.
As of 2008, the group as seen continued success, even branching off into the West Coast thanks to the efforts of Prezzy and Genius. The group has continued to grow thanks in part to their willingness to experiment with all types of music; including: Disco, Kompa, and Trance.

</doc>
<doc id="19225917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225917" title="Richard G. Folsom">
Richard G. Folsom

Richard Gilman Folsom (1907 – 1996) was the twelfth president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He was born to Harry G. Folsom and Mabel Folsom on February 3, 1907 in Los Angeles, California. He received B.S., M.S. and P.h.D. degrees in mechanical engineering from the California Institute of Technology (in 1928, 1929 and 1932, respectively). His P.h.D. thesis was entitled "An experimental investigation of the phenomena produced by the highly turbulent flow of water past a series of sharp obstacles". In 1933, he became an instructor in mechanical engineering at the University of California at Berkeley, rising to full professor. From 1947-1953, he was chairman of the mechanical engineering department and from 1952-1953 he was also director of the mechanical engineering laboratories. From 1953-1958, he was director of the Engineering Research Institute at the University of Michigan.
In 1958, he was appointed president of Rensselaer. In 1960, the institute established a department of nuclear engineering. The institute also began to enroll women during this time. Previously, the institute had awarded degrees to only 69 women, the first being in 1945. In 1971, he retired from the presidency. In 1976, a new library that had been started during his presidency was named in his honor. He died on March 11, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19225941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225941" title="A Mirror for Witches">
A Mirror for Witches

A Mirror for Witches is a 1928 novel by American author Esther Forbes, dealing with the witch hunt in 17th Century New England. The book is still popular and is in print. It has also been adapted for the stage. The novel precedes by decades the more famous "The Crucible", by Arthur Miller.
Synopsis.
Doll Bilby is a young girl, denounced by a relative as being a witch, and is then caught up in the hysteria of the Salem witch trials.

</doc>
<doc id="19225951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225951" title="The Planet Savers">
The Planet Savers

The Planet Savers is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published in book form in English by Ace Books in 1962, dos-à-dos with Bradley's novel "The Sword of Aldones". The story first appeared in the November 1958 issue of the magazine "Amazing Stories". It subsequently appeared in a German translation in 1960 with additional chapters added that were not by the author.
"The Planet Savers" takes place at least 152 years after the events described in "Rediscovery".
Plot Summary.
Jason Allison has suffered amnesia while studying the cyclical 48-year-fever, also known as Trailmen’s fever. His doctor, Randall Forth, tries to jog his memory by reminding Jason that he spent eight years living with the Trailmen as a child. Forth theorizes that Jason has a split personality, whom he calls Jay Allison.
Though Jay is not entirely in touch with his original personality, he must lead an expedition into the Hellers to collect medical volunteers from among the Trailmen. Accompanying him are Rafe Scott, Regis Hastur, Kyla Raineach, a Renunciate guide, and several others. During the trip, Jay/Jason yo-yos between his two personalities – one warm and charming, the other distant and clinical. Jason, the warm personality, falls in love with Kyla.
They are attacked on the trail by a party of hostile Trailwomen. As a result of the attack, the Jay personality reappears, and is considerably more formal than the Jason personality. When they reach the Trailmen nest where Jay/Jason lived as a child, he is recognized. The party is invited into the Trailmen’s tree habitat.
The Old Ones of the Sky People (Trailmen) inquire why Jay/Jason has brought an armed party of humans to their nest. Jay/Jason explains his mission, to find a remedy for 48-year-fever. He introduces Regis Hastur to the Old Ones, and Regis also pleads for the Sky People’s assistance. One hundred Trailmen volunteer. The party, with volunteers, returns to the Terran Trade City.
Some months later, a serum is developed for the treatment of 48-year-fever. Regis Hastur arrives to congratulate Jay/Jason Allison. The exposure to Regis reminds Jay/Jason of the expedition causes Jay/Jason to merge into a third, more stable personality.

</doc>
<doc id="19225971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225971" title="Ainsley canal">
Ainsley canal

Ainsley canal is a short canal located in Chennai. The canal starts near Villivakkam railway station and connects Otteri Nullah with railway quarters and Integral Coach Factory near Ayanavaram. It runs for a length of about 3.3 KM.
It has become highly polluted, with the residents of Pilkington Road, Vasantha Garden, Appathurai Main Road, Palayakaran Street and Madurai Street dumping wastes. The plight of the canal has not improved though the railways has desilted the canal in year 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19225980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225980" title="Cinderella (Disney character)">
Cinderella (Disney character)

Cinderella is a fictional main character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 12th animated feature film "Cinderella" (1950). The character subsequently appears in the film's two direct-to-video sequels " "(2002) and "" (2007). In the original film, Cinderella is voiced by American singer and actress Ilene Woods. For the sequels and subsequent film and television appearances, Woods was replaced by American actresses Jennifer Hale and Tami Tappan, who provide the character's speaking and singing voices respectively.
Cinderella has garnered a mixed to positive reception from critics, though their reaction has grown more positive over the years.
Development.
The Disney version of the Cinderella was based on the French version of the tale by Charles Perrault, "Cinderella" written in 1697 in "Histoires ou Contes du Temps Passé".
The character was animated by Marc Davis and Eric Larson, but the two animators did not have the same perception of the character, accentuating the elegance of Davis and Larson's opting for simplicity. As done with other Disney films, Walt Disney hired actress Helene Stanley to perform the live-action reference for Cinderella, that she before artists began sketching, playing the role of Cinderella in a particular scene, and artists to draw animated frames based on the movements of the actress. She later did the same kind of work for the characters of Princess Aurora in "Sleeping Beauty" and Anita Radcliff in "101 Dalmatians".
According to Christopher Finch, author of "The Art of Walt Disney":
Voice.
About 400 contestants auditioned for the role of Cinderella. But of them all, Walt Disney chose Ilene Woods, who at the time worked on the radio and did not know anything about the audition for the role of Cinderella. But one day, her colleagues Mack David and Jerry Livingston asked her to sing a song from the "Cinderella", and she agreed. Then, without saying a word to her, friends Ilene transferred to the office of film Disney. After listening to the material, Walt Disney decided immediately that he had found the voice with which to speak and sing its main character, and contacted Ilene.
Characteristics.
Cinderella is 19 years old with shoulder-length strawberry-blonde hair (often worn in an updo), blue eyes and a fair complexion. She is made a servant in her own home and is constantly tormented by her evil stepmother, Lady Tremaine, and two stepsisters. Despite being shy and romantic, she maintains hope through her dreams and always waits for her prince to come. She is hopeful that someday her wishes of happiness will come true. When her evil stepsisters and stepmother prevent her from going to a royal ball for the prince, she is unhappy and fears that her dreams will never come true. However, her Fairy Godmother appears, restoring Cinderella's hope. 
Cinderella is generally shown wearing her shimmering silver-blue ball gown with a glittering puffed overskirt and cap sleeves. Her accessories are silver-blue opera gloves, a silver-blue headband, a black choker, diamond earrings and glass slippers.
Appearances.
"Cinderella".
At the start of the film Cinderella is working as a scullery maid, domestic servant and, for the most part, slave in her own home for her cruel stepmother, Lady Tremaine, and two stepsisters, Anastasia and Drizella. Her only friends are the birds and the mice who also live in the manor, including Gus and Jaq.
She prepares breakfast for the animals, then for her family, and finally begins her regular chores. An invitation to the ball arrives at the door and Cinderella desperately wants to go. Her stepmother tells her she may under the condition that she finish her chores and find something suitable to wear. Cinderella discovers her deceased mother's old party dress and hopes to fix it so it looks more modern, but she is too busy to do so. Meanwhile, the mice see shadows of Cinderella's stepsisters throwing down their old sash and beads, so Jaq and Gus quietly retrieve them. The mice use the unwanted items to spice up the dress. Later, Cinderella fears she will not be done working in time and not be able to attend the ball, but her friends reveal the updated dress. Cinderella is overjoyed and thanks her friends. She races down the steps just in time, but her stepsisters recognize their discarded items and accuse her of stealing the sash and beads. They tear the dress to shreds and Cinderella runs out to the garden, kneels with her face buried on a bench weeping.
Her Fairy Godmother appears to make her dreams come true and transforms her torn clothing into a beautiful ball gown. Before Cinderella leaves, her godmother warns her that the spell will be broken at midnight.<br>At the ball, Cinderella dances with Prince Charming and they immediately fall in love with each other. As twelve o'clock approaches, she hurries to leave, hoping to avoid the spell breaking at the ball, which would result in getting caught by her stepmother or stepsisters. In her haste, she losses one of her glass slippers on the staircase, but she knows there isn't time to retrieve it. Cinderella hurries into her coach as it prepares to leave. The spell breaks and Cinderella is in rags once more before reminiscing her dance with the prince and thanking her godmother for all she's done for her. The next day, the prince announces he will marry the woman whose foot fits into the glass slipper. Lady Tremaine hears Cinderella humming the same song that had played at the ball and figures out Cinderella was the girl Prince Charming fell in love with. Cinderella is locked in the tower by her stepmother, who doesn't want her to have the opportunity to try on the slipper, but her animal friends help her escape. She hurries downstairs to try on the glass slipper, but it breaks before she can try it on. Cinderella reveals that she has kept the other slipper. She tries it on, making a perfect fit. She and the Prince are married soon after.
"Cinderella II: Dreams Come True".
Gus and Jaq, with help of the other mice, and, of course, the Fairy Godmother, set off to make a new book to narrate what happens after the ending of the previous story by stringing three segments of stories together, resulting in three individual stories: "Aim to Please", "Tall Tail", and "An Uncommon Romance". In the first story, Cinderella and Prince Charming return home and a party begins shortly afterward. In "Tall Tail", Cinderella works on planning to build up a festival. The mouse named Jaq in the previous film has become a human named Sir Hugh. In the third story, "An Uncommon Romance", Cinderella helps her younger stepsister Anastasia reconcile with the baker. Near the end of the film, she reads the book that the mice made for her.
"Cinderella III: A Twist in Time".
Cinderella and Prince Charming are celebrating their anniversary. Unfortunately, Lady Tremaine gets a hold of the Fairy Godmother's wand and uses her ill-acquired powers to reverse time, sending Cinderella back into the events of the first film. This time, however, the story is changed when new situations arise: the slipper is modified to fit Anastasia's foot and she, rather than Cinderella, is promised to Prince Charming. Cinderella, with the aide of the mice, sets out to restore her place as the prince's bride and finally bring her stepmother to justice once and for all, although she is unaware of the time reversal: Lady Tremaine, Anastasia, Drizella, and the Fairy Godmother are the only ones who are aware of it.
"Sofia the First".
Cinderella appears in "Sofia the First", where she helps Sofia make friends with Amber, her stepsister.
In other media.
Cinderella appears as one of the Disney Princesses of Heart in the "Kingdom Hearts" series, captured by Maleficent, who destroyed her world. The main character, Sora, rescues Cinderella, as well as the other Princesses, and she returns home. She is only mentioned in the sequel, "Kingdom Hearts II". Her story prior to being captured takes place prominently with her home world, Castle of Dreams, in the prequel, "Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep"; she mets Ventus, who she mistakes for a mouse despite the obvious fact he's not, Aqua and Terra. In the "Final Mix" version of the game, her world is seen in the Realm of Darkness at the climax, Maleficent having destroyed it and captured her.
Cinderella is one of the official members of the Disney Princess franchise, appearing in several related video games, albums and other merchandise. Cinderella appears as one of the Disney Princesses in the manga, Kilala Princess.
The Cinderella Castle is an attraction at Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom and Tokyo Disneyland at the Tokyo Disney Resort. Both serve as globally recognized icons for their respective theme parks. Cinderella and the other Disney Princesses have a meet and greet attraction called "Princess Fairytale Hall" at Magic Kingdom.
A live-action version of the character appeared in the first season of the TV series "Once Upon a Time". She was played by actress Jessy Schram. Her Storybrooke counterpart is Ashley Boyd.
Cinderella will be played by Lily James in an upcoming live-action re-imagining of the animated film.
Reception and legacy.
Cinderella has garnered a varied but generally positive response from critics. Initial reception towards the character was rather mixed, with commentators criticizing her personality and characterization. "Variety " felt that the character was uninteresting, describing her as "colorless" and "doll-faced". Similarly, "Empire"" "wrote that Cinderella was "bland", comparing her negatively to Belle from "Beauty and the Beast "(1991), who the reviewer felt was a more interesting heroine. Ed Perkis of "Cinema Blend" wrote that the film could have benefited from having Cinderella written to be "a bit more assertive in her own story".
Over the years, reviews began to grow more positive. Comparing Cinderella to Disney Princesses Snow White from "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs "(1937) and Aurora from "Sleeping Beauty "(1959), "Entertainment Weekly"'s Chris Willman jokingly wrote that while Cinderella is "no feminist icon, she is the one vintage Disney princess who stays awake through the last act." "TV Guide " praised the character, writing that Cinderella "seems timeless in her courage and resourcefulness". The reviewer also wrote that the character is "a closer cousin to Belle in..."Beauty and the Beast" than to other fairytale protagonists." Charles Solomon of the "Los Angeles Times" said that Ilene Woods's voice gave the character warmth and it helped, "create a heroine you liked instantly."

</doc>
<doc id="19225983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19225983" title="Anthony Turner (actor)">
Anthony Turner (actor)

Anthony Turner (fl. 1622 – 1659) was a noted English actor in the Caroline era. For most of his career he worked with Queen Henrietta's Men, one of the leading theatre companies of the time.
Nothing is known of Turner's early life or the start of his career; by 1622 he was already a leading player with the Lady Elizabeth's Men. In 1625, Christopher Beeston formed a new company under the patronage of the new queen, Henrietta Maria; some members of the Lady Elizabeth's troupe, including Turner, joined the organization. Turner was a consistent presence in the known casts of the Queen Henrietta's company; he played —
Turner tended to play older men, like Justice Landby and Old Lord Bruce; yet he also took the role of a kitchen maid in Part 1 of "Fair Maid" — one of the few cases in which a mature actor, rather than a boy player or young adult actor, is known to have played a female character.
During the difficult years of the bubonic plague epidemic of 1636–37, Queen Henrietta's Men left Beeston and the Cockpit Theatre. The company fractured for a time, but in 1637 was reconstituted at the Salisbury Court Theatre, with several veterans, including Turner, as continuing members. Turner apparently won a leading position in the troupe; on 6 March 1640, when the Queen's Men were paid £80 for seven Court performances in the previous two years, Turner was the member who received the payment. On 8 January 1641, Turner and leading man Richard Perkins received royal liveries for fourteen members of the company.
Apart from his thespian skills, Turner is the subject of one of the more curious records in the annals of English Renaissance drama: In October 1624, his wife Dorothy got into legal trouble "for cruelly beating and abusing her husband Anthony Turner." Their marriage did not endure; Turner buried another wife, Joan, on 8 February 1640. The parish records of St. Giles in the Fields, home to many theatre people in Turner's era, also record the burials of four Turner children between 1636 and 1651. 
Only a few signs of Turner's activity are available after the theatres were closed in 1642, at the start of the English Civil War. In Andrew Pennycuicke's 1653 edition of William Heminges's play "The Fatal Contract", the preface is co-signed "A. T." — and this is thought to indicate Anthony Turner. In 1659, Turner got into trouble for acting in plays at the Red Bull Theatre, despite the official ban. (William Wintershall and a Henry Eaton paid a bond to assure Turner's court appearance.)

</doc>
<doc id="19226002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226002" title="Gunners F.C.">
Gunners F.C.

Gunners Football Club is a Zimbabwean football club based in Harare.
Squad.
"Until 2nd June 2010"
External links.
Logo: http://img109.imageshack.us/i/logopq.png/

</doc>
<doc id="19226026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226026" title="Flaxwood Guitars">
Flaxwood Guitars

Flaxwood Guitars is a Finnish guitar manufacturer based in Heinävaara, in the province of Eastern Finland where it manufactures, assembles and adjusts its guitars. The company was established in 2005 by Heikki Koivurova, an industrial designer from Joensuu who worked on development of the first models in 2003 before introducing them in 2005.
Design.
The body and neck of the instruments are made from a wood-based composite material called "flax" which was developed with the help of the company Kareline and the then University of Joensuu. The material has the density and consistency of ebony (1,2 kg/cm³; 74906 lb/ft³) and is said to be recyclable, unaffected by humidity and temperature variations and rid of irregularities such as grain and knots which are normally found in traditional tonewoods.
The composite material is created by reducing the grain structure of natural wood, in this case recycled northern spruce, into small particles and mixing them with an acoustically sensitive binding agent which seals the wood material hermetically. This creates a semi-liquid substance that is injection molded into shape. The molding equipment and support systems are provided by the Finnish company All-Plast Ab. The parts are then finished and assembled by hand using tools that are commonly used in traditional guitar workshops.
Guitar Models.
The guitar models come with approximately similar features. The bodies are semi-hollow with a back plate made of the same material and come with either a Gotoh 510UB hardtail bridge, a Gotoh GE-103B tune-o-matic bridge or a Schaller LP tremolo bridge. The glued in necks feature 22 medium jumbo frets, a 25.5” scale length and a 1-11/16” Tune-X Tuning System nut. Almost each Flaxwood guitar bears a Finnish name representing its main personality and characteristics.
Äijä.
The Äijä (the man) is an entry-level priced model, geared towards high-gain sounds. The guitar comes in a sandblasted black finish and is equipped with EMG humbuckers.
Haarii Special.
The Haarii Special features a Seymour Duncan SP90 pickup in the neck and two Duncan SSL-6 single coil pickups. The guitar also features a Schaller LP Tremolo bridge, a 5-way switch and a blend knob that adds the bridge pickup in the neck position and the neck pickup in the bridge, or bridge/middle position, allowing for all three pickups to be used at once.
Laine.
The Laine (wave, originally called Fairlane) is equipped with Seymour Duncan lipstick pickups, a Schaller LP Tremolo and a blender pot.
Liekki.
The Liekki (flame, previously known as RZZ) features Seymour Duncan SP90 Vintage Soapbar pickups.
Rautia.
The Rautia, named after the Finnish luthier Veijo Rautia who worked with the company, is equipped with a Seymour Duncan Custom 5 and Jazz humbuckers.
Vasara.
The Vasara (hammer, formerly called Blacksmith) is, like the Äijä, a model oriented towards rock and metal sounds. It features a Gotoh tune-o-matic bridge and DiMarzio humbuckers.
Voima.
The Voima (strength, vigour, fortitude, force, also known as REC) features two Seymour Duncan humbuckers and a single coil pickup in the middle. Like the Laine, this model also comes equipped with a blender pot.
Hybrid series.
Unlike the other models, the Hybrid series feature a flaxwood bolt-on neck with a European alder body. The model is available in two pickup configurations, either three Seymour Duncan SSL-2 single coil pickups or two humbuckers, a Seymour Duncan SH-14N and a SH-2N humbuckers.
Instrument Components.
Since 2011 Flaxwood has launched a line of natural fiber composite components for music instruments such as bolt-on guitar necks, guitar blanks and fingerboard blanks for violin, viola, cello and double bass. 

</doc>
<doc id="19226054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226054" title="The Loving Kind (Cindy Morgan album)">
The Loving Kind (Cindy Morgan album)

The Loving Kind is the fifth album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan. This concept album chronicles the eight days surrounding the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, as would a Passion play.
Track listing.
All songs written by Morgan, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19226077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226077" title="Juan Hidalgo de Polanco">
Juan Hidalgo de Polanco

Juan Hidalgo de Polanco (28 September 1614 – 31 March 1685) was a Spanish composer and harpist. 
Hidalgo was born and died in Madrid. In either 1630 or 1631 he became a harpist at the Spanish royal chapel where he was responsible for the accompaniment of both sacred and secular music. Around 1645 he began to serve as leader of the court's chamber musicians and chief composer of "villancicos," chamber songs, and music for the theatre. Hidalgo became the most influential composer of his time in the Hispanic world. He dominated secular and theatrical music at the Spanish court until his death. He was a prolific composer and enjoyed a great deal of popularity throughout his career. His place in Spanish theatre history is equivalent to that of Henry Purcell in Britain and Lully in France. He wrote music for at least nine allegorical religious plays that were performed in public for Corpus Christi. His work for the court stages included songs for 16 spoken plays ("comedias"), many partly sung "zarzuelas" and semi-operas, and two full operas which are highly regarded. His output also included a large number of sacred "villancicos" and some liturgical music.

</doc>
<doc id="19226082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226082" title="Nostalgia industry">
Nostalgia industry

Nostalgia Industry is the monetization of humans' natural tendencies to wish to relive and enhance fond memories. Classic examples of this are the tendencies of colleges and universities (and approved license-holders) to sell memorabilia and other items to alumni and their family in an effort to help recapture memories and recruit the next generation of alumni.

</doc>
<doc id="19226088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226088" title="Bents, Saskatchewan">
Bents, Saskatchewan

Bents is a small hamlet in Marriott No. 317, Saskatchewan, Canada. Bents no longer has any residents, and sits abandoned, due to recent vandalism Bents is only accessed by the permission of the landowner.
Population.
Bents, like so many other communities throughout Saskatchewan, Bents has struggled to maintain a sturdy population causing it to become a ghost town. Today all that is left of Bents is a former Saskatchewan Wheat Pool grain elevator, a store/Post office, and a few scattered out buildings that are all located on private land.

</doc>
<doc id="19226100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226100" title="Thom Ross">
Thom Ross

Thom Ross is an artist based in Santa Fe, NM, known for painting, book illustrations, and installation art featuring life-sized cutout figures depicting famous people and historical events.
Biography.
Ross was born in San Francisco, California in 1952, and raised in Sausalito. As a child he was became interested in the history of the American Old West by watching television shows such as "Bonanza", "Rawhide", and "Have Gun – Will Travel", as well as John Wayne films. In 1974 he earned a degree in fine arts from California State University, Chico.
Ross had what he describes as an "epiphany" on June 25, 1976, at the hundredth anniversary commemoration of Custer's Last Stand at the Battle of Little Bighorn, after sitting through a windstorm and observing protesters from the American Indian Movement as well as supporters of General George Armstrong Custer. He decided as an artist to portray iconic American people and events in new ways to bring out a more complex story than the traditional historical myths. He soon moved to Jackson Hole, Wyoming. His first of two daughters was born in 1984. He subsequently lived in Vermont and in Palm Springs, California, supporting himself as a waiter in order to paint. He moved to Ballard, Washingtonin 1991. Most recently he has relocated to Santa Fe, New Mexico and opened his own art gallery [http://www.duewestgallery.com/] Due West Gallery
Works.
Ross works in various media including Painting, book illustration, and life-sized recreations of historical scenes. Favorite subjects include Cowboys, Indians, and historical battles in the American Indian Wars. Ross has illustrated at least 20 books, including a history of baseball. In 2001 Ross published a book, "Gunfight at the O.K. Corral in Words and Pictures". In 2002 Ross illustrated the 100th anniversary edition of Owen Wister's novel, "The Virginian".
Ross' first plywood installation was a 1976 cutout of Clint Eastwood, which he and a friend placed as a prank above a railroad trestle to recreate a scene from Dirty Harry in the location where the scene had been filmed five years earlier. In 1983 Ross created "154 Nevermore", an installation of 154 plywood ravens on a highway in Jackson, Wyoming (recreated in steel in 2000). In 1984, Ross created "the Catch", a diorama for the Baseball Hall of Fame illustrating a legendary catch with the same nickname, by Willie Mays in the 1954 World Series. He created a new version of the work in 2004, and displayed it in various locations in New York City. In 1998 Ross created "The Defining Moment" for SAFECO Field, a tableau of 11 steel cutouts of a Ken Griffey, Junior play in the 1995 baseball playoffs. Ross' 2005 work, "Custer's Last Stand", was a recreation of life-sized warriors riding life-sized horses the Battle of Little Bighorn at the original site at Medicine Tail Coulee in Montana. That exhibit toured Cody, Wyoming, Jackson, Wyoming, and Sun Valley, Idaho. In September, 2008 Ross recreated a 1902 photograph of Buffalo Bill Cody and his "Wild West Show", his traveling troupe of Native Americans, in front of the Cliff House at Ocean Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="19226116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226116" title="This Land (album)">
This Land (album)

This Land is the fifth album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1994 and features performances by Frisell, Billy Drewes, Curtis Fowlkes, Kermit Driscoll and Joey Baron.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Glenn Astarita awarded the album 4 stars stating "The guitarist's now familiar penchant for constructing climactic opuses framed upon his deft utilization of volume control and often-slithery mode of attack counterbalances the horn sections' pumping notes and harmonious choruses. Essentially, melody is the key throughout these pleasantly arranged pieces, as Frisell makes his axe talk and cry while also partaking in lustrous unison lines with Don Byron (clarinet), Curtis Fowlkes (trombone), and Billy Drewes (alto sax). Overall, This Land signifies yet another powerful statement by this wonderfully inventive musician. Recommended!".

</doc>
<doc id="19226131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226131" title="Stylidium armeria">
Stylidium armeria

Stylidium armeria, the thrift-leaved triggerplant, is a species of "Stylidium" that is native to Australia. It is an herbaceous perennial that grows from 50 to 100 cm tall. Narrowly lanceolate to narrowly oblanceolate leaves, about 15-40 mm long, are tufted at the base and are erect to spreading. Inflorescences produce 25-100 dark pink-magenta flowers that bloom August to February in its native range.
Distribution and habitat.
"S. armeria" is native to New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, and Victoria. Its typical habitat has been reported as "heathland, woodland and open forests of the Otway Ranges through to the snowfields of the Eastern Highlands."
Botanical history and taxonomy.
On 8 July 1805, Jacques Labillardière published a species under the name "Candollea armeria". The generic name that Labillardière used, "Candollea" had been previously published as a genus of Polypodiaceae, so Labillardière corrected the mistake by publishing the species as "S. armeria" in 1806. In 1878, Jean Baptiste Saint-Lager "corrected" the gender agreement of "Stylidium armeria" to "Stylidium armerium". This specific epithet, however, is not an adjective but a noun in apposition, so the suffix should not be changed with different gender generic names. Later, Ferdinand von Mueller insisted on using the illegitimate genus "Candollea" and shifted the "Stylidium" species back in the late 19th century. Those moves, however, were not widely adopted. In 2001, Raulings and Ladiges recognized several synonyms.

</doc>
<doc id="19226151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226151" title="Latający Wilnianin">
Latający Wilnianin

Latający Wilnianin (
) was the popular name of a passenger train which in the interbellum period linked Warsaw with Wilno (now Vilnius in Lithuania). Another name for that train was "Gwiazda Północy" ("The Star of the North").
In 1919, it took around 20 hours for a train to cross the distance of 423 kilometers between Warszawa Zachodnia (Warsaw West) and the station in Wilno. In 1939, this distance was crossed in 5 hours and 45 minutes. In the summer of 1939, the fast train left Warsaw daily at 9:05 to arrive at Wilno at 14:50. A second daily train between the two cities left Warsaw West at 16:41 and arrived at Wilno at 22:31.
The trains, both of which finished routes at then-border station of Turmont - Zemgale, Latvia, stopped at the following stations: 
Notes.
a "Wilnianin" - Polish for inhabitant of Wilno (now Vilnius, Lithuania).

</doc>
<doc id="19226192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226192" title="The Sword of Aldones">
The Sword of Aldones

The Sword of Aldones is a fantasy-science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series. It was first published by Ace Books in 1962, dos-à-dos with Bradley's novel "The Planet Savers". Bradley revised and rewrote the novel publishing it as "Sharra's Exile" in 1981.
In his 1977 review of the re-release of "The Sword of Aldones", Lester del Rey wrote, "It presents a somewhat different Darkover than we find in later novels. But even the early stories have the wonderful allure of this strange world.
Plot summary.
Lew Alton returns to Darkover after a long absence. He muses about the Sharra Rebellion, which events six years earlier, led to his wife’s death. In the spaceport, he meets a woman he mistakes for Linnell Aillard, her near duplicate, but she does not recognize him.
Lew arrives at the Comyn Council, with deliberations already in progress. The council is considering accepting the Domain of Aldaran in the Comyn Council, an unpopular move since Aldaran was the seat of the Sharra Rebellion. The council is deeply divided, and Lew sides with the anti-Aldaran faction. Lew reveals that the Sharra Matrix is still active, embedded in the hilt of a sword.
During a riding party, several council members discuss the Sharra Matrix. The riding party is attacked by Robert Kadarin. Lew’s brother, Marius, is killed, and the Sharra Matrix stolen. There are strong hints that Dyan Ardais is behind this attack and a series of attacks that follow.
Lew and Callina Aillard meet with the fantastically old keeper, Ashara Alton. She explains the paradox of the "rhu fead". Only a comyn may enter the "rhu fead", she says, but only a non-comyn may touch the artifacts stored there. Ashara proposes that an individual of Terran lineage, but acclimated to Darkover, might survive the test. Using the powerful matrix screens, Ashara teleports Kathie Marshall into the tower. She is the woman who is a near duplicate of Linnell Aillard. Ashara also reveals to Lew that he has a daughter, Marguerhia, by the sister of his deceased wife.
At the annual Festival Night ball, Lew encounters Dio Ridenow. She tries to warn him that Callina has been taken over telepathically by Ashara. Lew and Regis realize that the Sharra Matrix is present at the ball. Moments later, the ball is attacked by Robert Kadarin and Dyan Ardais. Linnell Aillard is killed, along with two of Dio Ridenow’s brothers. Reflecting after these events, Lew realizes that he is in love with Dio.
Lew, Callina and Kathie ride to the "rhu fead". As predicted by Ashara, Kathie has absorbed Linnell’s Darkovan personality, but as a non-comyn, is able retrieve the Sword of Aldones unharmed. Kadarin, carrying the Sharra sword, appears with Thyra Scott and Dyan Ardais. They demand the Sword of Aldones. Thyra attacks Lew, but they are unsuccessful in their attempt to acquire the Sword.
The survivors of the attack arrive at the spaceport HQ for medical treatment. Kadarin changes sides and claims everything that has happened was Dyan Ardais’s idea. He reveals that Ardais has the Sharra Matrix and has kidnapped Marguerhia Alton. The origin of the Sharra Matrix is explained.
In a final conflict, Dyan Ardais, Kadarin, Thyra, Kathie Marshall, and Callina Aillard are killed. Regis Hastur wields the Sword of Aldones to destroy the Sharra Matrix. Dio tells Lew that Ashara Alton is not a living person, but an energy being who has resided in a matrix for centuries, and has the power to inhabit the living. Ashara has killed both Callina and Linnell Aillard in her attempt to possess the Sharra Matrix for herself.
Lew reclaims his daughter, Marguerhia, from the spaceman’s orphanage. He and Dio leave Darkover with no intention of returning. Regis Hastur agrees to cooperate with the Terran Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19226195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226195" title="Joint capability areas">
Joint capability areas

The Joint Capability Areas (JCA) are a standardized set of definitions that cover the complete range of military activities. The system was initially established in May 2005 by the Joint Staff with input from each of the services. It is designed to establish "a new framework that paves the way for side-by-side comparisons of service contributions to joint warfighting and a tool that will assist decision-makers in deciding whether to move resources between service budgets."
The establishment of the JCA was primarily a result of an Operational Availability study from 2005 and from the "Joint Defense Capabilities Study" [http://www.acq.osd.mil/jctd/articles/JointDefenseCapabilitiesStudyFinalReport_January2004.pdf] of 2003 (which is almost universally referred to as the "Aldridge Study" after its primary author, Edward Aldridge.) The "Aldridge study" called for the establishment of a new joint lexicon that would allow leaders to clearly discuss mission areas and how to most responsibly manage resources.
Further information on JCAs can be found at the Joint Experimentation, Transformation and Concepts Division (JETCD) [http://www.dtic.mil/futurejointwarfare/cap_areas.htm] of the Joint Staff J-7, Operational Plans and Joint Force Development Directorate.

</doc>
<doc id="19226207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226207" title="Bharatiya Vichara Kendra">
Bharatiya Vichara Kendra

Bharatiya Vichara Kendra The Vichara Kendra[http://www.vicharakendram.org] was established in 1982, by Mr P Parameshwaran as a centre of research and studies aimed at national re-construction. It is headquartered at Thiruvananthapuram. The Bharatheeya vichara Kendra has been registered under the travancore-cochin literary, scientific and charitable societies Act, on 13 November 1991(Reg.No 905/91.Tvm). 
It was inaugurated by the nationalist, ideologue and the founder of Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, Sri Dattopantji Bapurao Thengdi, on the vijayadhashmi Day of 1982,at Thiruvannthapuram, Mananeeya P. Parameswaran, writer, thinker, ideologues and one of the first batch of RSS pracharaks, its founder-director.
It was founded in 1982 and has at present, thirty functioning units in academically important centre of Kerala. It is dedicated to the cause of formulating and disseminating thoughts and ideas having a positive bearing on nation-building activities.
The organisation was formed in 1982 in Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum) with P. Parameswaran as the Director.[http://www.amritavarsham.org/summit/women/paramesh.htm] It is affiliated with and supported by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.
The Organisation has celebrated its silver jubilee on July 7 2007.
Activities
The Vichara Kendram regularly organizes seminars and symposiums on various topics. Lectures by distinguished scholars and leaders are periodically organized on topics of regional and national importance. The important events organized by the Kendram include lecture series on the diverse streams of our freedom movement, seminar on 'Aryan Invasions - A Myth' An intensive course for students on Indian history, centenary celebration of Swami Vivekanandas Chicago address, two day state level seminar on the socio-economic and cultural history of Kerala named ‘Changing face of Kerala’; National seminars on uniform civil code, An exhibition and seminar in observance of the 20th anniversary of imposition of national emergency, the Kerala Sanskrit Sammelam; Nila Vichara Sathram-a seminar on the ecological and cultural history of Bharathapuzha; State level workshop in connection with the golden jubilee celebrations of Indian Independence, history congress on Kerala and freedom struggle and state level seminar on historiography and methodology. A national seminar on “Research for National Resurgence” was held on August 2003 as a fitting finale to the two decades of work of Bharatheeya Vichara Kendram in promoting a nascent scientific and socio-political culture relevant to our country. Vice Chancellors, Academicians and other resource personal from all over India attended the seminar. The seminar was cosponsored by national assessment and accreditation council (NAAC), University Grants Commission and various universities of Kerala.
Propagation of the Bhagavad-Gita
Vichara Kendram has taken the initiative to propagate Sanskirit, yoga and gita. Gita has been introduced as a panacea affecting the society especially to the youths. The Gita year celebrations were inaugurated in 1998,at the university senate hall, Thiruvananthapuram. More than 400 Bhagavad-Gita Gita Shibirs were organized in all over the state in which lakhs of youth attended.
Recognition and affiliations
Dayananda Saraswathi UniversityFormerly Ajmeer University, Rajasthan, has given recognition to Bharatheeya Vichara Kendram as a Research Centre affiliated to the University. The Centre will be known as “[Bharatheeya Institute for Advanced Research[http://www.vicharakendram.org/pages/biar/bvk_biar_about.html] and Development (BIARD)”. It has started functioning at Samskrithi Bhavan, GPO Lane, Thiruvananthapuram-1, on 28 April, 2007. 
The Bharatheeya Vichara Kendram and the BIAR has been approved as the study center by the IGNOU. The study centre was inaugurated by the vice chancellor of IGNOU, Dr. V.N Rajaseharan Pillai on 9 December 2007 at Samskrithi Bhavan Gpolane, Thiruvananthapuram currently the center offers MBA and MBF courses.
Publications
'Pragati’ is a quarterly research journal of BVK, started publication in 1979 and now publishing from Thiruvanathapuram as a bi--lingual research journal (English and Malayalam). It's edtorial board consists of P. Parameswaran (Chief Editor), Dr. K. Jayaprasad (Editor).
Some of the Bharatheeya Vichara Kendram Publications

</doc>
<doc id="19226231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226231" title="The Best So Far (Cindy Morgan album)">
The Best So Far (Cindy Morgan album)

The Best So Far is the sixth album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan. This greatest hits collects tracks from her first five albums.
Track listing.
All songs written by Morgan, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19226280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226280" title="Marriott No. 317, Saskatchewan">
Marriott No. 317, Saskatchewan

Marriott No. 317 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in Census Division 12. The seat of the municipality is located in the village of Rosetown, which actually lies within the adjacent rural municipality of St. Andrews No. 287.
Demographics.
In 2006, the Rural municipality had a population of 410 in 147 dwellings, a -8.1% decrease from 2001. On a surface of 843.29 km² it has a density of 0.5 inhabitants/km².
Communities.
The following communities are located in this municipality:
Hamlets
References.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="19226288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226288" title="Eileen I. Oliver">
Eileen I. Oliver

Eileen I. Oliver is a professor in the University of Florida College of Education. She was the Associate Dean of the University of Florida Division of Continuing Education and in 2008 she accepted the position as Interim Dean of the Division of Continuing Education. Dr. Oliver earned her undergraduate degree from the University of California at Berkeley and her doctorate from the University of Texas at Austin in English and Education. Prior to moving to the University of Florida, Eileen I. Oliver held a number of professional and academic positions in the California State University System, University of North Carolina System, and Washington State University. She also is a director for three months at the PK Yonge DRS.

</doc>
<doc id="19226290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226290" title="A Serious Man">
A Serious Man

A Serious Man is a 2009 dark comedy produced, edited, written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film stars Michael Stuhlbarg as a Minnesota Jewish man whose life crumbles both professionally and personally, leading him to questions about his faith. The film attracted a positive critical response, including a Golden Globe nomination for Stuhlbarg, a place on both the American Film Institute's and National Board of Review's Top 10 Film Lists of 2009, and a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Plot.
In a Polish shtetl in the early 20th century, a Jewish man tells his wife that he was helped on his way home by Traitle Groshkover, whom he has invited in for soup. She objects, saying Groshkover is dead, and that the visitor must be a dybbuk. Groshkover (Fyvush Finkel) arrives and laughs off the accusation, but she plunges an icepick into his chest. Bleeding, he exits into the snowy night.
In Minnesota in 1967, Larry Gopnik (Michael Stuhlbarg) is a professor of physics whose wife, Judith (Sari Lennick), abruptly informs him that she needs a "get" (a Jewish divorce document) so she can marry widower Sy Ableman (Fred Melamed).
Three other people live with Larry and Judith. Their son Danny (Aaron Wolff) owes twenty dollars for marijuana to an intimidating Hebrew school classmate, but the bill is hidden in a transistor radio since confiscated by his teacher. Daughter Sarah is always washing her hair. Larry's brother, Arthur (Richard Kind), sleeps on the couch and spends his free time filling a notebook with what he calls "The Mentaculus", a "probability map of the universe".
Larry faces an impending vote on his application for tenure, and his department head (Ari Hoptman) lets slip that anonymous letters have urged the committee to deny him. Clive Park, a student worried about losing his scholarship, meets with Larry in his office to argue he should not fail the class. After he leaves, Larry finds an envelope stuffed with cash. When Larry attempts to return it, Clive's father comes to his house to threaten to sue Larry either for defamation if Larry accuses Clive of bribery, or for keeping the money if he does not give him a passing grade.
At the insistence of Judith and Sy, Larry and Arthur move into a nearby motel. Judith has emptied the couple's bank accounts, leaving Larry penniless, so he enlists the services of a sympathetic divorce attorney (Adam Arkin). Larry learns Arthur faces charges of solicitation and sodomy, despite his previous attendance at "mixers".
To cope with his streak of unfortunate circumstances, Larry turns to his Jewish faith. The two rabbis he consults (Simon Helberg and George Wyner) are by turns obtuse, oblivious and obscure, and his synagogue's senior rabbi is never available. Larry's mental state reaches a breaking point when he and Sy are involved in seemingly simultaneous, but separate, car crashes. Larry is unharmed, but Sy is killed. At Judith's insistence, Larry pays for Sy's funeral.
Larry is proud and moved by Danny's bar mitzvah, unaware of his son's distractions from nerves and marijuana. During the service, Judith apologizes to Larry for all the recent trouble and informs him that Sy liked him so much that he even wrote letters to the tenure committee. Danny meets with the senior rabbi in his office, where the old man – who has had Danny's transistor radio in his desk – quotes almost verbatim from the Jefferson Airplane song "Somebody to Love". He returns the radio and counsels Danny to "be a good boy".
Larry's department head compliments him on Danny's bar mitzvah and hints that he will win tenure. Receiving a large bill from Arthur's criminal lawyer, Larry decides to pass Clive, whereupon Larry's doctor calls, asking to see him immediately about the results of a chest X-ray; at the same moment, Danny's teacher struggles to open the emergency shelter as a massive tornado bears down on the school.
Cast.
Open auditions for the roles of Danny and Sarah were held on May 4, 2008, at the Sabes Jewish Community Center in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, one of the scheduled shooting locations. Open auditions for the role of Sarah were also held in June 2008 in Chicago, Illinois.
Production.
Considerable attention was paid to the setting; it was important to the Coens to find a neighborhood of original-looking suburban rambler homes as they would have appeared in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, in the late 1960s. Locations were scouted in nearby communities Edina, Richfield, Brooklyn Center, and Hopkins before a suitable location was found in Bloomington. The look of the film is partly based on the Brad Zellar book "Suburban World: The Norling Photographs", a collection of photographs of Bloomington in the 1950s and 60s.
Longtime collaborator Roger Deakins rejoined the Coen brothers as cinematographer, following his absence from "Burn After Reading". This was his tenth film with the Coen brothers.
Costume designer Mary Zophres returned for her ninth collaboration with the directors.
The "folk tale" that serves as the prologue was written by the Coen brothers. They claim the story has no function except to set the proper tone for what follows. Roger Ebert suggests that its married couple may have brought a curse on Larry by inviting the dybbuk (Traitle Groshkover) across their threshold. A portrait of Groshkover is glimpsed on the wall inside Rabbi Marshak's office later in the film.
Location filming began on September 8, 2008, in Minnesota. An office scene was shot at Normandale Community College in Bloomington. The film also used a set built in the school's library, as well as small sections of the second floor science building hallway. The synagogue is the B'nai Emet Synagogue in St. Louis Park. The Coen brothers also shot some scenes in St. Olaf College's old science building because of its similar period architecture. Scenes were also shot at the Minneapolis legal offices of Meshbesher & Spence, the name of whose founder and president, Ronald I. Meshbesher, is mentioned as the criminal lawyer recommended to Larry in the film. Filming wrapped on November 6, 2008, after 44 days, ahead of schedule and within budget.
Despite many accurate recreations of the look and feel of period fashions, automobiles, and culture of 1967 Minnesota, there remain some anachronisms, including references to two albums, Carlos Santana's "Abraxas" and Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Cosmo's Factory", that were released in 1970.
The ending credits contain an Easter egg: "No Jews were harmed in the making of this motion picture."
Soundtrack.
The film's original music was composed by Carter Burwell (who, until then, had composed the music for all the Coens' movies except "O Brother, Where Art Thou?"). The soundtrack included several songs from the Jefferson Airplane album "Surrealistic Pillow", including "Somebody to Love", "Today", "Comin' Back to Me", and "3/5 of a Mile in 10 Seconds". The soundtrack also featured "Machine Gun" from the Jimi Hendrix live album "Band of Gypsys", and some pieces of Yiddish music including Mark Warshawsky's "Dem Milner's Treren" performed by Sidor Belarsky.
Release.
The film had a limited release on October 2, 2009, in the United States. It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 12, 2009.
"A Serious Man" was released on DVD and Blu-ray in North America on February 9, 2010.
Box office performance.
As of February 10, 2010, it has had worldwide gross earnings of $31,312,437
Critical reception.
It has received mostly positive reviews from critics, with an aggregate score of 89% from Rotten Tomatoes, based on 194 reviews. Roger Ebert, of the "Chicago Sun-Times", rated the film four out of four stars, feeling that it "bears every mark of a labor of love," and "Variety"'s Todd McCarthy commented that "the Coens' filmmaking skills are sharply attentive," and that "A Serious Man" is "the kind of picture you get to make after you've won an Oscar". Claudia Puig of "USA Today" writes, ""A Serious Man" is a wonderfully odd, bleakly comic and thoroughly engrossing film. Underlying the grim humor are serious questions about faith, family, mortality and misfortune." "Time" critic Richard Corliss describes it as "disquieting" and "haunting." Christy Lemire called it "the Coens' most thoughtful and personal film" and gave it three-and-a-half stars out of four.
The "St. Petersburg Times"s Steve Persall wrote that the main character would remind Bible readers of the Book of Job, "but even Job eventually caught a break". The Coens themselves stated that the "germ" of the story was a rabbi from their adolescence: a "mysterious figure" who had a private conversation with each student at the conclusion of their religious education. The "Wall Street Journal"'s Joe Morgenstern disliked what he saw as misanthropy in the film, saying that "...their caricatures range from dislikable through despicable, with not a smidgeon of humanity to redeem them." David Denby from "The New Yorker" enjoyed the look and feel of the film, but found fault with the script and characterization: ""A Serious Man", like "Burn After Reading", is in their bleak, black, belittling mode, and it's hell to sit through... As a piece of movie-making craft, "A Serious Man" is fascinating; in every other way, it's intolerable."
Awards.
Stuhlbarg was awarded the Chaplin Virtuoso Award at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival and nominated for Best Actor in the 67th Annual Golden Globe Awards. Stuhlbarg, Kind, Melamed and Lennick were nominated for a Gotham Award for Best Performance by an Ensemble Cast. Ethan Coen, Joel Coen, casting directors Ellen Chenoweth and Rachel Tenner, along with actors Kind, Lennick, Melamed, Stuhlbarg, Wolff and McManus were awarded the Robert Altman Spirit Award by Film Independent for Excellence in Collaborative Cinematic Achievement by Directors, Casting Directors and an Ensemble Cast. Deakins received the Best Cinematography awards at both the 2009 Hollywood Awards and the 2009 San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards, as well as the Nikola Tesla Award at the Satellite Awards and the Best Cinematography award at the Independent Spirit Awards. "A Serious Man" was nominated for an MPSE Golden Reel Award for Best Sound Editing: Dialogue and ADR in a Feature Film.
The Coen brothers were awarded Best Original Screenplay at the 2009 National Board of Review Awards and Best Original Screenplay from the National Society of Film Critics Awards 2009, and have been nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay and the BAFTA for Best Original Screenplay. "A Serious Man" was nominated for Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay in the Broadcast Film Critics Association's 15th Annual Critics' Choice Awards, and by the Boston Society of Film Critics, Best Picture by the Chicago Film Critics Association. The film was listed as one of the ten best films of 2009 by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures, the American Film Institute, the Satellite Awards and the Southeastern Film Critics Association Awards.
"A Serious Man" was nominated for Best Original Screenplay (Joel Coen and Ethan Coen) and Best Picture at the 82nd Academy Awards. BBC News called it "one of the less talked about nominees" for Best Picture; they also noted that lead actor Stuhlbarg received his invitation to the ceremony at the last minute.

</doc>
<doc id="19226307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226307" title="Manjari Phadnis">
Manjari Phadnis

Manjari Phadnis (born 10 July 1984) is an Indian film actress, who has appeared in Hindi, Telugu, Bengali, Kannada and Tamil language films. She is best known for her performance in the 2008 Hindi film "Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na".
Career.
Manjiri Phadnis started her career with "Rok Sako To Rok Lo" in 2004, but her big break was "Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na" (2008) as the lead actor's girlfriend. Earlier she was part of the National Film Award-winning Bengali feature film "Faltu" and the highly unsuccessful "Mumbai Salsa".
In 2008, her Telugu debut film "Siddu From Srikakulam" released, following which her first Tamil film "Muthirai" got released. Both performed poorly at the box office. Notably, she had sung a song under the direction of Yuvan Shankar Raja for "Muthirai".
In September 2009 she signed to appear in a series of Onida television commercials. Her 2010 releases were the Telugu films "Inkosaari" and "Shubhapradham". She then starred in the Walt Disney-produced superhero film "Zokkomon", starring Darsheel Safary in the titular role. In 2011, she also appeared in an ad film for iBall brand of pen drvies. Her upcoming films are "Mr. Fraud", which will mark her Malayalam debut and "Wah Taj".
Personal life.
She is from a completely non-filmy background — her father was in the Indian Army and she has traveled throughout the country because of his transferable job. She is a typical Maharashtrian girl from Pune who never expected to make a career in films.

</doc>
<doc id="19226315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226315" title="Vicar of Bray (scientific hypothesis)">
Vicar of Bray (scientific hypothesis)

The "Vicar of Bray" is the name given to a hypothesis attempting to explain why sexual reproduction might be favoured over asexual reproduction, in which sexual populations are able to outcompete asexual populations because they evolve more rapidly in response to environmental changes. The offspring of a population of sexually reproducing individuals will show a more varied selection of phenotypes and that they will therefore be more likely to produce a strain that can survive a change in the ecology of the environment in which they live. Under the Vicar of Bray hypothesis, sex benefits a population as a whole, but not individuals within it, making it a case of group selection. 
The theory was named after The Vicar of Bray, a supposed cleric who retained his ecclesiastic office by quickly adapting to the prevailing religious winds, switching between Protestant and Catholic rites as the ruling monarch changed. A mathematized version of this theory was accepted by most biologists as being one of the most important reasons for the prevalence of sexual reproduction in the natural world until the implicit group selectionist character of the argument was re-examined in the course of the Williams Revolution (i.e. George C. Williams's critiques of group selection, which led to a gene-centered view of evolution). However, a more popular explanation for the evolutionary origin and maintenance of sex is currently the Red Queen Hypothesis, which instead proposes that sex benefits individuals directly.

</doc>
<doc id="19226341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226341" title="Surobi, Nangarhar">
Surobi, Nangarhar

Sorubi is a community in the southern corner of Rodat District, Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan.
The "New York Times" reports that one of the leaders of the Eastern Shura,
a provisional government set up in Nangarhar Province on November 16, 2001, after the Taliban retreated, was the leader of an anti-Taliban militia, from Sorubi, named Ezatullah.

</doc>
<doc id="19226348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226348" title="Elementary (Cindy Morgan album)">
Elementary (Cindy Morgan album)

Elementary is the seventh album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Morgan, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19226373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226373" title="Virtual device driver">
Virtual device driver


</doc>
<doc id="19226379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226379" title="Naoto">
Naoto

Possible writings.
Naoto can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19226440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226440" title="Pindar, Western Australia">
Pindar, Western Australia

Pindar is a small town in the Mid West Region of Western Australia. It is located about 30 km east of Mullewa
In 1894, the Northern Railway from Geraldton to Mullewa was opened, and four year later was extended to Cue. A railway station was built at Pindar to service outlieing farms, and the townsite of Pindar was gazetted on 22 February 1901.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.
Transport.
Until the 1970s, it was served by a narrow gauge line on the Western Australian Government Railways. The railway to Cue was closed on 29 April 1978 but grain freight services to the west continued on a seasonal basis.

</doc>
<doc id="19226441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226441" title="Postcards (Cindy Morgan album)">
Postcards (Cindy Morgan album)

Postcards is the eighth album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan, her first for Reunion Records and her first with producer Kirkpatrick. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Morgan, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19226452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226452" title="Rural and Isolated Practice Registered Nurses">
Rural and Isolated Practice Registered Nurses

Rural and Isolated Practice Registered Nurses is a classification for nurses practising in defined rural and remote areas in Queensland, Australia. Such nurses hold the post-nominal RIN, but in conversation the abbreviation RIPRN is used.
In rural and remote Queensland Australia, nurses who are advanced practising may complete a course of study that allows them to apply for endorsement to qualify as a Rural and Isolated Practice Registered Nurse (RIPRN). The program of study is delivered at a Graduate Certificate level, and is recognised by the Nursing and Midwifery Board of Australia as "scheduled medicines endorsement (rural and isolated practice)".
Once endorsed nurses in may initiate the administration and supply of certain scheduled medicines (that normally require a prescription) under a Drug Therapy Protocol (DTP). The DTP requires that clinical guidelines around the use of the medicines are in place called Health Management Protocols (HMP). In Queensland the HMPs are contained within the statewide Primary Clinical Care Manual (PCCM). The PCCM is updated in line with Cochraine data and other EBM sources every two years to remain current. Further information on the RIPRN nurse can be found at the peer reviewed article below.
If completing the course through Queensland Health as the education provider, the program includes written and practical assessment over a 9-month period of time.
Course content.
Content of the program includes: 
For a comprehensive look at the program offered by Qld Health 
http://www.health.qld.gov.au/cunninghamcentre/html/nursing.asp
Definition of rural.
There is no standard definition of what is considered rural. Rural has been defined using various different measurements such as population density or distance to urban areas. Within the research there is no definitive definition of rural and there are differing definitions across studies. This is a problem as differing definitions of rural change the results of statistics and studies, which leads to differing opinions on rural programs, services, policies and funding which makes it hard to best meet the needs of Canada’s rural population. According to Statistics Canada rural is defined as “Census subdivisions with a populated density greater or equal to 1 are considered as 'Rural'”. They also define isolated as “Census subdivisions with a populated density less than 1 are considered as 'Isolated'”. However, many use the word remote interchangeably with isolated and the definition for these are inconsistent as well.
Prevalence of rural communities in Canada.
Canada’s rural population has rich history and culture. It is diverse and has many communities focused on different industries such as agriculture, fishing, mining and forestry to name a few. Rural areas closer to urban areas have more economic success and those further from urban areas tend to have poor socio-economic status. If the definition of rural is considered anything “outside of major urban centres” than 95% of Canada is considered rural land and the rural population consists of 6.6 million people. The territories of Canada and maritime provinces have the highest percentage of rural population and Ontario and British Columbia have the lowest percentage. More than half of Canada’s Aboriginal population live in rural areas and 30% of this population live in northern Canada.
Canada’s rural population has a high dependency ratio. The majority of the rural population consists of elderly and children, with very little of the rural population consisting in the working class age. Yet, Aboriginal communities have a younger age population than other rural communities. Canada’s high rural elderly population is due to baby boomer generation starting to retire and choosing to reside in rural areas. Canada’s rural population is increasing in number, not as quick as urban areas of Canada, but will continue to grow as more of the baby boomer generation continues to retire and move to rural areas. Yet, Aboriginal communities and areas close to cities are rapidly growing and will only continue to grow.
Prevalence of rural nurses in Canada.
Canada is currently experiencing a nursing shortage, especially in the rural areas of Canada. Rural nurses experience a low nurse to population ratio. In 2004, Canadian Health Services Research Foundation found that only 18% (41,502) of nurses serves Canada’s rural population of 6.6 million people. In 2010, there were 268,512 Registered Nurses working Canada but only 10.8% of these RNs worked in rural and remote areas of Canada. As of 2012, Canada is short 22,000 Registered Nurses from the number needed to meet the demands of the population; with rural, Aboriginal and northern populations experiencing the major of this shortage. The western and northern parts of Canada experience the most shortage of nurses. This shortage will only increase as Canada’s population continues to grow.
The age of Canadian rural nurses is also a contributing factor to the current and future nursing shortage. The average age of Registered Nurses in Canada is 45.4. Many nurses are close to retirement as “25.5% are over the age of 55 and 11.4% over the age of 60”. There is double the amount of nurses over the age of 50 than those under the age of 35. This is because the baby boomer generation is within this older age range and are starting to retire. It was found that nurses retire earlier than the national average age of 65 and tend to retire around the age of 56. This will result in approximately 35% of nurses retiring in the next few years and with a high likelihood of retiring to rural areas. This leaves rural areas with a significant nursing shortage and increased population demands. Canadian Nurses Association (CNA) estimates that there will be a deficit of 60,000 Registered Nurses by the year 2022.
Challenges for nurses working in rural and remote Canada.
Working in rural and remote Canada poses many unique challenges for nurses. It is a setting that is very different from its urban counterparts and delivering adequate and effective healthcare to rural communities can be difficult.
Obtaining education.
Nurses working in remote areas have to become specialized in many aspects of nursing, and are generally good at all types of nursing care. The resources for education and skill development are limited so nurses depend on experience to improve their skill level. Lack of finances, heavy work schedules, low numbers of staff, lack of knowledge about education opportunities and travel expenses are barriers to rural nurses receiving continuing education.
Cultural.
In rural settings, it becomes an expectation that you are taken care of by someone you know . Many nurses in these communities come to know patients through many different contexts. Knowing a patient so personally can cause some challenges for the nurse such as lack of anonymity, ethical situations related to confidentiality, and role strain for the nurse as they are highly visible within the public. Knowing a patient so personally also makes it hard for nurses to remain non-judgmental and professional. Nurses also have to know and understand all community and cultural traditions such as the healing traditions among the First Nations.
Limited staff.
Many rural nurses have to act in many different positions such as mental health, public health, acute and chronic care, and prevention services, which forces nurses to have many roles and responsibilities. These responsibilities can span over many communities and large distances. This is because there are a very limited number of nurses working in rural communities and those that are there have to provide all different types of care. Many of these nurses have to work very long hours, and travel far distances to reach patients. Not only are there a small number of nurses but also a limited number of physicians, specialists and other healthcare professionals This makes nursing in these communities extra stressful as nurses are often working alone and accessing help can be difficult. Remote and rural areas in Canada are having trouble recruiting and retaining staff due to isolation, lack of career and educational development opportunities, lack of incentives, and high stress levels.
Geographical.
In rural and remote areas of Canada, traveling a great distance to see patients is normal. Many rural nurses drive over 8 hours a day to see patients. These settings also have very diverse and rapidly changing weather conditions and many also have underdeveloped and treacherous roads to travel on. This makes it very difficult and dangerous to reach patients. This also makes it difficult to transport patients to larger health centers. Transportation issues are also a problem for patients as even if nurses want to refer patients to larger centres, patients are unable to get there due to cost and distance.
Lack of resources.
There are very limited resources in rural and remote communities in Canada due to lack of finances, expenses and distance related to the delivery of resources, and the inability to obtain and maintain certain resources. This means that the nurses in rural Canada have to work with what they have and that is all. This contributes to the inability to provide certain treatments, diagnostic tests or medications that patients may need and can lead to negative health outcomes for patients. This inability to deliver care to patients is a main contributor to high stress levels, and burnout for rural nurses. This also means that many patients have to be transferred or shipped to larger urban centers which is another role rural nurses need to take on as they may be the main provider of care during transport.
Isolation.
A major challenge for many nurses working in rural and remote Canada is isolation. Being so far from family and friends makes it difficult for the nurse to find support in these communities. Being so far from urban centres make it hard for nurses to obtain support, education and resources.
Challenges for aboriginal nurses and aboriginal communities.
A major component of nursing practice in rural Canada is care to Aboriginal communities. There are many cultural traditions and healing practices that rural nurses need to be educated on to be able to give culturally competent care to these communities. Along with a lack of health care professionals, there is also a shortage of Aboriginal nurses and Aboriginal nursing students to work in these communities.
Positive aspects and incentives for eorking in rural communities in Canada.
Recruiting and retainment.
 Recruiting and retaining nurses in rural areas has become a large issue for the health care field. Due to the lack of attraction and appeal that rural nursing has, extra incentives have been put in place to bring more nurses out into rural areas. Benefits and rewards are perks of having a rural nursing job. They are both tangible and intangible and are often awarded in recognition and advancement. Compensation has become a huge factor in retaining and recruiting rural nurses.
Job satisfaction.
Research has looked at how incredibly important overall job satisfaction is in terms of recruitment and retainment within rural nursing. Increasing job satisfaction among rural nurses as well as making changes within the work environment is thought to be the best ideas for increasing retention. Finding out what increases job satisfaction among rural nurses is the key, and from there incentives have been set up to recruit and preserve rural nurses. Rural nursing job satisfaction has been broken down into five general categories: relationships with co workers, tasks associated with the job, working conditions, salary, and amount of personal control in daily activities.
Rural nurses need to feel as though they are being respected and are in a strong place of professional status due to the fact that many of them work alone, or in small groups as well as are needed to be generalists and are therefore required to have a vast knowledge in many aspects of nursing. Rural nurses must feel as though their level of professional status is being recognized in terms of the importance that is felt personally and within the community towards nursing. Rural nurses must feel as though they have autonomy in terms of how much independence within the workforce is given as well as having freedom with daily activities and decision making.
Incentives.
Incentives such as increased salary and rewards such as vacation and holiday leave, as well as continuing education benefits are frequently used as incentives for RNs working in rural communities As well, day care services are also offered for rural nurses in some rural communities.
Financial incentive.
Salary and wage options often are large factors in terms of retention and recruitment within rural nursing. Nurses would rather be paid in an exempt/salaried wage programs because it is felt that this increases teamwork, professional autonomy and helped with flexibility.
The use of tuition reimbursement has been shown to correspond with increased levels of job satisfaction. Rural nurses are being paid to further their education which can increase job satisfaction in terms of nurses’ professional status being increased and allowing a higher level of self confidence. As well, an increased sense of knowledge from gaining higher education does potentially allow for increased autonomy. The Ontario Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care have set up a Tuition Support Program for Nurses (TSPN) which allows for tuition reimbursement. Eligible applicants are new College of Nurses of Ontario (CNO) members who have also recently graduated in nursing and who are from remote and rural areas who decide to do a return-of-service (ROS) in an underserviced community. The goal of the program is to increase both recruitment and retention within rural communities so that more families have access to health care throughout the province of Ontario.
Job satisfaction is of the utmost importance for retainment and recruitment within rural nursing.
Nurses must feel there is a sense of control with daily task requirements, a level of autonomy and professional status and well as a positive professional interaction with co workers and added incentives and bonuses. With these positive aspects put into place, rural communities are more likely to have an increased amount of rural nurses being recruited and staying for their careers.
Special area of nursing.
Currently, there is a topic of debate regarding rural nursing being a specialty. Some would agree that it is a specialty because of the increased skill and scope of practice that registered nurses in this area have compared to urban centres. Some individuals believe that rural nursing is not unique because they believe that the care that nurses deliver is the same regardless of the setting.
Skills and characteristics.
The Canadian Association for Rural & Remote Nursing (CARRN) lists many examples of practice characteristics that registered nurses have within Canada. There are many characteristics that can differentiate a rural nurse from an urban nurse. One of these characteristics is having increased responsibility. This increase in responsibility can be caused by the lack of supervisors, or because they may be the nurse with the most experience. This may be overwhelming to some individuals as well. 
Another characteristic is that these nurses need to be great generalists. This means that they need to know a variety of topics such as surgical, mental health, obstetrics, and trauma. They need to know these areas enough to treat a patient competently. Another characteristic involves registered nurses taking on the role of other health care professionals. For example, one area may not have any social workers available and may have to fill this role by talking with many patients and providing them with extra support. Another important characteristic is that registered nurses need to be creative. Many times in rural settings health care organizations may not have as many supplies or the proper equipment to perform tasks. The nurse may need to secure an IV with gauze, because tape is unavailable at that time. 
Being in a rural community, nurses are very familiar with the politics and the realities that community members face living there. Many of the nurses also are very familiar with the patient and their background. This makes the nurse feel like they have more accountability and responsibility to make this individual better and provide the best care. Registered nurses have many other characteristics that extend their skills and scope of practice.
Some rural nurses choose to go above and beyond their typical nursing skills to help patients achieve the best quality of life. An article written by Kathy Hardill (2013), discusses how she helped an individual who lived in a silo. Every time it rained, his living space became flooded. She felt it would be reasonable to provide this gentleman with a pair of rubber boots. Another example she did for a patient in rural Ontario was cleaning out her eavestroph. This patient wanted the nurse to hold the ladder while she did it, but Kathy choose to do it herself knowing that it would decrease the mold around her home and improve her respiratory illness.
Educational programs.
In Canada, registered nurses have the opportunity to pursue extra certification after they receive their bachelor of science in nursing. Although many of these extra certifications can be used in a rural community for various reasons, there is only one program that is specific to rural nursing. The University of Northern British Columbia (UNBC) offers a rural nursing certificate. The courses that are included in this program are health assessment, chronic disease, palliative and wound care, practice with older adults, prenatal care, critical care, emergency and trauma, mental health & addictions and living & working in a rural community. These courses can be taken at other schools, but they are very focused towards the rural community at UNBC.
Another great thing about this program is that students who are completing their bachelor of science at UNBC can take these courses and count them towards their degree.
Most of these courses also have a clinical practicum that goes along with it. This is important to students because they can take what they have learned and practice it in a relevant environment.
Impact on communities.
Telehealth.
Telehealth, a branch of telemedicine, is growing as a technology based method of communicating and delivering a variety of health services. Telemedicine technologies can be used to supplement therapy following an initial diagnosis, as well as providing educational information, support, psychotherapy, crisis intervention, medication consultations, and continuity of care. Telehealth is especially useful to remote communities as it alleviates the pressure of travelling to distant appointments and benefits patients and their families by improving access to specialists from remote regions, coordinating services to improve continuity of care and increasing direct communications between care providers and recipients. Rural nurses can assist individuals to use such services appropriately; they can help patients obtain access to the Internet and necessary technologies and coach them in how telehealth is to be used in order to take full advantage of the service. The use of technology based health care services is especially important in rural and isolated populations, where some people are stigmatized for having physical or mental illness, as computer based assessments have been found to lead to diagnoses that otherwise may not have been made.
Service delivery.
Nurses provide frontline healthcare services to remote populations such as first Nations and Inuit communities; the expanded practice roles of these nurses allow them to provide a range of services to such communities that otherwise would not be available. Nurses working in remote and rural populations have a tendency to assume the role of nurse exclusively, rather than only during working hours. Being identified in this manner at every encounter supports the development of a trusting nurse-patient relationship. Many of those who work as rural nurses live either in, or near, the communities they provide services to, leading to a symbiotic relationship in which the nurse relies on community needs for employment and the community relies almost exclusively on the nurse for health care services. Initiatives such as the placement of gerontological advanced practice nurses (GAPN)s in remote regions are intended to improve the quality of services available to rural and remote populations. Communities that received the care of advanced practice registered nurses are examined to determine their need for such specialized services, and the degree to which they benefit from GAPN services. The use of empirically supported treatments (EST)s, or evidence-based practice, in these communities ensures that individuals are receiving a high level of care in a time-efficient manner that includes treatments that have proven to be effective. Many women working as nurses in rural areas put themselves last because they value the health of their family and community, as well as community relationships, more highly than their own well-being.
Nurses as informal advocates.
Nurses in rural and remote communities also act as sources of information on emerging issues and the ways in which the provision of health care can be improved for these dynamic populations. 
Integration into communities, and obtaining the trust of their patrons, allows rural nurses to learn vital information that they can then communicate politically - advocating for social equality in order to avoid the dangers of marginalization. Social integration into the community also allows rural nurses an inside perspective on the strengths and weaknesses of the community. Using the knowledge of experienced rural nurses, community resilience has become a focus for theory development; this theory, and other such theories, can then be utilized to gain a better understanding of this community specific domain. Research based on rural and remote populations directly benefits the inhabitants of these communities by assessing need and developing interventions aimed to solve existing issues. The deficit in this area of research has been identified and efforts to collect information and coordinate services have led to the “Multistakeholder Framework/Index of Rurality” which is intended to identify the needs of communities on an individual basis, rather than solely as not urban, and to therefore improve service delivery. Despite rural nurses having a limited number of coworkers and local peers, they unite across broad geographical areas to create a strong voice against government and political powers that focus on the cost effectiveness of large urban facilities, and ignore the benefits of rural life.
Employment opportunities.
The existence of, and reliance on, rural nurses as health care providers, ensures their presence in the community and therefore guarantees a number of employment positions in this field. As interest and the draw to rural nursing increase, this will not only create more jobs for nurses, but it will also create opportunities for women that either currently live, or wish to live, in a rural or remote community.
External links.
Nursing in Canada

</doc>
<doc id="19226466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226466" title="Indian removals in Indiana">
Indian removals in Indiana

Indian removals in Indiana began in the early 1830s and was mostly completed by 1846. The removals were preceded by several treaties, beginning in 1795, that gradually purchased most of the state from various tribes. The removals were part of a larger nationwide Indian Removal Act passed by the United States Congress and being carried out by the administration of United States President Andrew Jackson. By the time the removals began to occur, most of the tribes, like the Shawnee and the Wea, had left the state voluntarily, migrating into Canada and Missouri. The only significant tribes remaining were the Miami and the Potawatomi, both of which were already confined to reservation from previously signed treaties.
The largest tribe in the state, the Miami Tribe, was the last to be removed, although many in the tribe were permitted to remain on lands they owned privately, and guaranteed to them under the Treaty of St. Mary's. The terms of the treaties were considered generous at the time, and all Indians except the village of 859 Potawatomi, led by Chief Menominee, voluntarily left the state. The tribe of Chief Menominee were forcibly removed in the 1838 Potawatomi Trail of Death, where at least forty members of the tribe died. The Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians were the only other Indians left in the state after the end of the removals.
Early treaties.
Background.
The Algonquian Tribes that had previously lived in Indiana returned to the area near the close of the Beaver Wars, after their confederacy gained the upper hand in the war with the Iroquois. By 1701, when the Great Peace of Montreal was established, most of the tribes had returned. The Miami were dominant in the region, but the Potawatomi and Shawnee both had a significant presence in northern and western Indiana, respectively.
When the Indiana Territory was established in 1800, there were two American settlements in what would become modern Indiana—Vincennes and Clark's Grant—both on the southern periphery of the state near the Ohio River. Early settlement was confined to those areas; most of the state was still occupied by native tribes, except for a small section taken by the Treaty of Greenville at the conclusion of the Northwest Indian War.
The Miami Tribe was the largest tribe in Indiana and claimed ownership of the entire state, but they were mostly settled in the central and northern part of Indiana, and also held a large part of north-west Ohio. The Potawatomi were centered in modern Michigan, but had several settlements in northern Indiana. At the end of the French and Indian Wars (Seven Years War), the Miami allowed the Shawnee to settle in west-central Indiana after they were driven out of Ohio by the Iroquois. Other minor tribes, mostly Algonquian speaking, including the Wea, Lenape, Piankeshaw, Wyandott, and the Kickapoo, were scattered across the state. Prior to the Beaver Wars, the Miami had been the dominant residents of Indiana, and afterward they permitted other smaller, displaced tribes to settle within their borders. European-American colonists named the area "Indiana Territory" because it had so many Native Americans.
Treaties with Harrison.
When William Henry Harrison was appointed governor of the territory in 1800, he initially had no power to negotiate with the tribes. In 1803, he was granted authority to conduct negotiations with the tribes to open up new land for settlement, primarily to settle the American claim to the Vincennes tract. The Vincennes Tract and Clark's Grant were the only parts of the state that were open to settlement during the early years of the territory. The Vincennes Tract had been purchased by the French from the natives in the mid-18th century and transferred to Great Britain after the French and Indian War, and finally to the Americans at the end of the American Revolution. Clark's Grant was awarded to George Rogers Clark for his part in the American Revolution, and was held by right of conquest. Harrison's first treaty in 1803, the Treaty of Vincennes, was to get the Wea and the Miami to recognize American ownership of the tract.
The first significant treaty to expand the area open for settlement, was negotiated in 1805 at Harrison's home in Vincennes. The Treaty of Grouseland purchased all the land in southern Indiana south of the Grouseland Line. The line started at the north-eastern corner of the Vincennes Tract and passed east north-east to Greenville Treaty Line. Settlers, like Squire Boone, moved quickly into the new land, establishing new towns like Corydon—the future capitol—in 1808, and Madison in 1809.
The next major treaty was the 1809 Treaty of Fort Wayne, in which Harrison purchased 3 million acres (12,000 km²) of land from the Miami. The Shawnee were not included in the negotiations, and the western tract of land which the Miami sold was inhabited by the Shawnee. The Shawnee were angered by the treaty, and because Harrison refused to rescind it, the treaty contributed directly to Tecumseh's War. Harrison's victory in the conflict led to the enforcement of the terms of the treaty. In total, Harrison concluded thirteen treaties purchasing land across the Northwest, for a total of more than 2.5 million acres (10,000 km²) of land in Indiana. With a third of Indiana open to European-American settlement, the United States did not have to expand its area of control until after Indiana gained statehood.
Following Tecumseh's War and the War of 1812, the United States began to change its policy from coexistence with the Indians to a removal of tribes to the west beyond the Mississippi River. This was largely resulting from hostile activities of the northwestern Indians during the war.
On August 30, 1815, after the War of 1812, Thomas Posey negotiated a treaty with the ten chiefs of the Kickapoo. The tribe had become unhappy with settlers who were squatting on their land, and Posey hoped to avoid any escalation. He purchased all their land in Indiana, which was most of present-day Vermillion County, for blankets, weapons, hatchets, and trinkets totaling $3,000 in value, and an annual annuity of $2,000 in silver for ten years. The treaty was not recognized by the Miami, who claimed the Kickapoos' land, but European-American pioneers continued to settle in the area.
Treaties after statehood.
The Lenape lived in the central part of Indiana around modern Indianapolis. Besides opening up central Indiana, the Lenape tribe agreed to leave Indiana as part of the Treaty of St. Mary's, and settle on lands provided for them in the Kansas. In exchange for leaving the state, the tribe was granted gifts and an annuity totaling $15,500. Most of the tribe left during August and September 1820.
Following the 1818 treaty, and the years of peace following the War of 1812, the state took a more conciliatory approach to relations with the tribes and embarked on a plan to "civilize" their members rather than remove them from the state. Using federal grants, several mission schools were opened to educate the tribes and promote Christianity. The missions however were largely ineffective in meeting their goals. The trade agreement was abolished in 1822 leading to a return to the abusive trade practices of earlier decades. The traders frequently used liquor to drunken their customers and take advantage of them.
The Treaty of Chicago was negotiated between the Michigan Potawatomi tribe and the US government opened up a narrow tract of land north of the southern tip of Lake Michigan, and as far west as South Bend. The 1826 Treaty of Mississinwas with the Miami and Pottawatomie most of what remained of the Miami reservation in north-eastern Indiana and north-western Ohio, and confined the Miami to their reservation along the Wabash River they obtained through the Treaty of St. Mary's, and opening up land in Kansas and Missouri for the tribe to move to.
Removals.
In 1830 the Indian Removal Act was passed by the United States Congress. The state at first did not attempt any removals by the act, but following the 1832 Black Hawk War in neighboring Illinois, fear of the tribes grew and an organized effort to remove them from the state began. In July 1832 the Indian Services Bureau of the state was reorganized. Funds were appropriated to hold meetings with tribal leaders and offer inducements for them to leave the state for lands in the west. Although, in theory, the removals were supposed to voluntary, considerable pressure was put on tribal leaders to accept relocation agreements. Congress empowered President Andrew Jackson to offer any native tribes in existing states land on the west side of the Mississippi River in exchange for their territory.
Potawatomi.
The rising tensions following the Black Hawk War had also caused alarm among the tribes. The tribes were now far outnumbered by the settlers, and most of the tribal leaders thought resistance would be futile. They instead encouraged their people to take the best deal for their land that could be obtained while they were still in a position to negotiate. In 1833 Indian agents began going through the communities of Potawatomi in the north and offering lucrative deals and land in the west in exchange for their land in Indiana. Many accepted the terms and the government paid for the transport of their households to their new homes. The same type of negotiations was begun with other tribes in the states with similar success. The 1832 Treaty of Tippecanoe purchased north-eastern Indiana, causing most of the minor tribes still remaining in Indiana to leave the state. More land was opened to them in Kansas and Missouri, but some of the tribes went even further north and west. The treaty also cut Potawatomi holdings to a tract of land along the Yellow River. Most of the tribes had already left the state by 1835.
In 1836 the Treaty of Yellow River was negotiated with the Potawatomi, with the goal of purchasing all their remaining lands in Indiana. The tribe was offered $1 per acre for their land and a parcel of land for each member of the tribe in Kansas, in addition to other guarantees. The treaty was overwhelming approved and most of the tribe moved to Kansas, where they remained until modern times. The village near Twin Lakes, led by Chief Menominee, refused to take part in the negotiations and did not recognize the treaty's authority over his band. The whole tribe was required to vacate their land by 1838, but Menominee refused. In September 1838, Governor David Wallace authorized General John Tipton to remove the tribe in what became known as the Potawatomi Trail of Death. The group of 859 Potawatomi were force marched to Kansas, leading to the death of at least 40 people.
Miami.
During the mid-1830s, many of the Miami villages were also persuaded to leave the state under lucrative terms. Later treaties led to a large portion of the remaining Miami leaving the state, all in exchange for compensation and tracts of land in the west. In the 1840 Treaty of the Wabash, two thirds of the Miami Reservation was sold, but much of the tribe was permitted to remain on the land as private landholders under the terms of the Treaty of St. Mary's. The remaining part of the reservation was sold in 1846 under a similar agreement. In all, about half of the Miami left Indiana in exchange for compensation and land in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19226477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226477" title="KHNY">
KHNY

KHNY (1370 AM) is a planned radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Big Horn, Wyoming, USA. The station is currently owned by Scott Powell And Amy Meredith.

</doc>
<doc id="19226492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226492" title="KJNT">
KJNT

KJNT (1490 AM) is a radio station licensed to cover Jackson, Wyoming, USA. The station is currently owned by Ted W. Austin, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19226498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226498" title="Chuck Riley (voice actor)">
Chuck Riley (voice actor)

Charles Daniel Hanks Jr., better known as Chuck Riley, (July 21, 1940 – May 10, 2007) was an American voice-over artist, famous for recording hundreds of movie trailers, television commercials, network promotions, and children's audio books. In his earlier years as a radio DJ he was known as Chuck Dann and Charlie Tuna.
Life and career.
Charles D. Hanks Jr. was born July 21, 1940, in Kaplan, Louisiana. The first child born to Charles and Irene Hanks, he was nicknamed Danny. In 1952, the family moved to Duncan, Oklahoma where he graduated from high school in 1958. He was soon working at radio station KOMA in Oklahoma City, where he was first known as Chuck Dann, then later as Charlie Tuna. (It was at KOMA that Chuck Riley gave a young Art Ferguson his air name -- Charlie Tuna.)
In 1964 he was on the air as Chuck Dann on CKY in Winnipeg. From there he went to WKYC in Cleveland in 1967, again as Chuck Dann.
By 1972, Chuck had married, had a son and was the dominant afternoon drive jock at WIBC in Indianapolis as Chuck Riley, the name he would use from then on. Chuck was also known throughout indiananapolis as the voice of Indy's 1st rockradio station Stereo 93 WNAP when he did the legendary "The Wrath Of The Buzzard" ""TOH"" ID.
During his years at WIBC, Chuck would often travel to Toronto, Ontario to narrate various radio documentaries for CHUM 1050. He was first hired to be the imaging voice for the top rated CHUM AM, then in 1969, he narrated a 28 radio special titled "CHUM's History Of Rock". In 1970, he was back in Toronto narrating "The Story Of The Beatles", a 12 hour history of the group that was also syndicated around the world. Then in 1976 came his biggest CHUM project, "The Evolution Of Rock", a 64 hour special that took the listener from the beginning of rock and roll right up to 1976. "The Evolution Of Rock won a prestigious Billboard Magazine Award for International Syndicated Special of the Year. The program was later syndicated around the world by TM Productions in Dallas.
In 1979, Chuck decided to give the Hollywood voiceover game a shot so he moved his family to the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles. Within a year, he was one of the dominant voices in the industry.
In the 80's and 90's he did voice work for KMPC, KBIG Los Angeles, KZLA-KPOL Los Angeles, CKY Winnipeg, KQWB Fargo, N.D., WOGL Oldies 98.1 Philadelphia, WIBG Philadelphia, KVIL Dallas/Ft. Worth, WQHT Hot 97 (Hot 103) New York, and KPWR Power 106/Los Angeles, among others.
In the early 1980s he became the voice of CBS television and Emmis Broadcasting.
He went on to do voice work for literally thousands of movies for the studios of Warner Bros., Universal, Fox and Paramount.
In 1989, producer Doug Thompson, who'd worked with Chuck at CHUM Toronto moved to Los Angeles and hired Chuck to be the announcer on actor John Candy's weekly two hour radio series, "Radio Kandy" (sic). 
He also narrated many productions and movies, such as Oliver Stone's "Nixon", and CHUM's 1976 documentary "The Evolution of Rock", "The Killing of America", and "Galaxies are Colliding". He narrated hundreds of children's audio books, mainly Disney Read-Alongs, and was an announcer for numerous commercials.
At his death, he was still doing voiceovers for KABC-TV in Los Angeles.
Death.
Chuck Riley died at age 66 of renal complications on May 10, 2007 in Sherman Oaks, California. He is survived by his four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19226515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226515" title="Mozart 252">
Mozart 252

Mozart 252 is a 2008 album by Michael Nyman (his 58th release) with the Michael Nyman Band, Hilary Summers, and Andrew Slater, celebrating the 250th anniversary of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's birth. Although "Revisiting the Don," one of only two newly written works on the album, was commissioned and performed in 2006, the album's title is a joke on its lateness as an album, released 252 years after Mozart's birth ("it seemed more appropriate to miss the beat by two years"). The album also includes "In Re Don Giovanni," Nyman's first composition for the band, which is based on the first sixteen bars of "Madamina, il catalogo è questo" from "Don Giovanni", six selections from Peter Greenaway's film, "Drowning by Numbers", in which he was instructed to base the music on the slow movement Mozart's Sinfonia Concertante K. 364, and two duets and an aria from Nyman's television opera, "Letters, Riddles and Writs", in this recording featuring bass Andrew Slater as Leopold Mozart and contralto Hilary Summers as Wolfgang.
The album appears on emusic's list of The Best Albums of 2008.
The music.
Nyman's liner notes are relatively brief and refer the reader to Pwyll ap Siôn's "The Music of Michael Nyman: Texts, Contexts and Intertexts" for an extensive analysis of the relationship of Mozart's music to Nyman's. Nyman notes that "Not Knowing the Ropes" is the piece erroneously titled "Knowing the Ropes" on the original "Drowning by Numbers" soundtrack. The piece "Knowing the Ropes" is a sort of "list" in the way that "Trysting Fields" is a list, but he is unclear on the relationship of the two pieces, which are similar to one another. "Trysting Fields" is built out of every apoggiatura from the movement in order (each repeated three times), and ends with a bit of "rock and roll". "Knowing the Ropes" is based on a "wiggly" semiquaver in the piece.
"O my Dear Papa" (also referred to as "O My Dear Son") is translations of letters between Wolfgang and Leopold by Emily Anderson and "I Am an Unusual Thing" her translation of a riddle and a reported conversation with Constanze Mozart, while the text of "Profit and Loss" is written by Jeremy Newson, co-librettist and director of the television opera. "O My Dear Son" is based on "O Osiris und Isis" from "Die Zauberflöte", and "I Am an Unusual Thing" draws music from Mozart's "Haydn Quartets," while "Profit and Loss" overlays "In Re Don Giovanni" and then goes in a darker direction based on the same material.
Personnel.
Performed by the Michael Nyman Band

</doc>
<doc id="19226548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226548" title="Clement Wilks">
Clement Wilks

Clement Wilks (15 February 1819 – 2 May 1871) was a notable Civil Engineer and Architect in colonial Victoria, Australia.
Early days.
Clement Wilks was born at Peckham Rye, Surrey, 15 February 1819, the youngest son of the Rev. Mark Wilks, of Paris. He spent most of his early years in France and Switzerland and took his degree of Bachelor of Arts at the Collège de Paris in 1836.
After being engaged for a short time on the Paris to Saint-Germain-en-Laye railway, which opened in 1837, he went to England and was articled to Sir Charles Fox, then of the London works and Resident Engineer of the London and Birmingham Railway. His professional education was continued with Messrs. Fox, Henderson and Co. until 1841. In 1842 he had the chief management of a French engineering establishment on the Garonne, where he remained for three or four years. He then returned to England and was engaged to work with Mr. George Watson Buck, M.Inst.C.E. on the Ely and Huntingdon railway, then in the course of construction. After Mr. Buck's retirement from ill-health, he was associated with Mr. John Hawkshaw in surveying for the Manchester and Southport line and subsequently for the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway near Heckmondwike.
In 1850 he was engaged in superintending the construction of various public buildings in London, under the direction of the Society for Improving the Dwellings of the Poor, a model of one of which was erected in connection with the Great Exhibition of 1851.
Engineer, Colonial Victoria.
In 1852, Clement Wilks left England for Australia, and immediately after arriving in Melbourne joined the Victorian Public Service, as an Assistant Colonial Engineer. He was an Engineer for the Central Road Board in the colony of Port Phillip, Australia, from 1854 to 1862.
Wilks practiced as an architect and engineer, having prepared designs for the "Congregational Church", 24 Lyttleton Street West, Castlemaine in 1855 (Listed on the Register of the National Estate: Place 4203)
Clement Wilks was appointed Ballarat Road Engineer in 1857 having initially been stationed in Barkers Creek or Castlemaine. He had originally surveyed the Ballarat-Amherst main road (now the Old Ballarat Road) on which a series of unusually well-crafted bluestone bridges survives near Glendaruel, possible also to his design. He was also responsible for maintenance of the infamous corduroy road between Bungaree and Ballarat on the route from Geelong. This section of the so-called 'Plank Road' became legendary as a yardstick for bad roads in the colony of Victoria. It would appear that prior to Wilks being stationed in Ballarat, the roads of the district were administered from Melbourne.
Wilks also served on the Ballarat Sludge Commission, which was given the role of solving the flooding and silting problems caused by damage done by gold mining along the creeks.
Wilks remained in the post until January 1860 when he took a year's leave of absence to attend to 'urgent family matters in Europe', possibly in Switzerland where his family had connections, and he visited the United States and Canada, and then returned to Australia and resumed his former duties.
He joined the Department of Roads and Bridges in 1864, and reported on the road to the River Jordan Goldfield in the same year.
Wilks was a member of the Yarra Track Committee responsible for building this coach and dray road to the Woods Point Goldfields. He designed a number or small bridges and culverts including the Wilks Creek Bridge, that commemorates his name, on the Marysville Road. (Listed on the National Trust of Australia (Victoria) Register: B6439 and on the Register of the National Estate: Place 102643).
Built in 1871 as part of the historic "Yarra Track", its thrust blocks indicate an original under-strutted design; it probably originally had a single span. The timber superstructure of the Wilks Creek Bridge was rebuilt by Monash & Anderson in about 1900 and it was probably at this time that it was altered to 2 spans.
Wilks may have also been responsible for the design of "The Big Culvert" also on the "Yarra Track". (Listed on the National Trust of Australia (Victoria) Register: B5804 and on the Register of the National Estate: Place 5720).
In 1865, The Victorian Government having inaugurated a scheme for supplying water to the various mining districts, appointed him as the Resident Engineer to the Department of Water Supply, the position he occupied until his death in 1871. He was elected an Associate of the Institution of Civil Engineers on 7 December 1869.
A monument was erected to him in St.Kilda Cemetery:
"Clement WILKS, Esq. J.P., late resident engineer, Victorian Water Supply Dept.
Erected by brother officers Departments of Victorian Water Supply and Roads & Bridges"

</doc>
<doc id="19226560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226560" title="KCPX">
KCPX

KCPX (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News/Talk format. Licensed to Spanish Valley, Utah, USA, the station is currently owned by Moab Communications, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="19226578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226578" title="KYHR">
KYHR

KYHR (1490 AM) is a planned radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Richfield, Utah, USA. The station is currently owned by Better Life Ministries.

</doc>
<doc id="19226583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226583" title="Cathcart Tower">
Cathcart Tower

Cathcart Tower is a Martello tower located on Cedar Island in the St. Lawrence River, off the eastern shore of Fort Henry in Kingston, Ontario, Canada. It is one of four such towers built in the 1840s to protect Kingston's harbour and the entrance to the Rideau Canal. The other towers are: Fort Frederick, Shoal Tower, and Murney Tower. 
Built in 1848, this limestone tower is 11 m high and 16.5 m in diameter. It is surrounded by a shallow ditch and by a glacis extending to the shorelines on three sides. The guns of Cathcart Tower covered the eastern approaches of Kingston Harbour. 
The towers' construction was prompted by a dispute between Great Britain and the United States over the boundary between British Columbia and Oregon that threatened to lead to war (see Oregon crisis). When war was averted, Cathcart Tower was used for a time as a barracks for soldiers garrisoned at nearby Fort Henry. Eventually it was abandoned. It is part of the Rideau Canal and Kingston Fortifications National Historic Site, the Rideau Canal and Kingston Fortifications UNESCO World Heritage site, and is within the boundaries of St. Lawrence Islands National Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="19226604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226604" title="KDIL">
KDIL

KDIL (940 AM) is a licensed radio station with a FCC issued license for Jerome, Idaho, USA. The station began broadcasting in November 2010 under Program Test Authority from the FCC and was licensed on Feb 15, 2011. The station broadcasts a Spanish Language format distributed by Clear Channel Satellite Services. The station is currently owned by Maria Rosario Ortega.

</doc>
<doc id="19226652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226652" title="Health and Community Services Union">
Health and Community Services Union

The Health and Community Services Union (HACSU) is a Victorian branch the Health Services Union (HSU). HSU is registered organisation under the provisions of the Australian Workplace Relations Act 1996.
HACSU represents the majority of staff employed in psychiatric, government intellectual disability and alcohol and drug services in Victoria.
As a Union HACSU represents members to provide the collective strength to bargain for reasonable wages and conditions and ensure proper professional standards are delivered.
History.
The Union was first registered under the Conciliation and Arbitration Act as a Federal Organisation on 12 April 1911, but had been operating on an informal basis for a number of years before that. It was then called "The Hospital and Asylum Attendants and Employees' Union", and its only members were in Victoria.
In 1914 the name was changed to "The Hospital Dispensary and Asylum Employees' Association". From 1924 branches in other states were formed.
On 26 May 1922 another Melbourne based Federal Organisation - "The Hospital Employees' Association" - was registered. All its members worked in Victorian and NSW mental hospitals.
An amalgamation of the two bodies took place in 1930 and formed "The Hospital, Dispensary and Asylum Employees' and Allied Government Officers' Federation of Australia".
In 1946 the name was then formally changed to "The Hospital Employees' Federation of Australasia" and became the "The Hospital Employees' Federation of Australia" (HEF) in 1959.
In 1991, the HEF (including HACSU amalgamated with the N.S.W Health Services Union. Both have a very long history record of supporting and organising members in mental healthand alcohol and drug disability services.[http://hacsu.asn.au/about/history.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="19226654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226654" title="Rumi (given name)">
Rumi (given name)

Possible writings.
Rumi can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19226667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226667" title="KDAN">
KDAN

KDAN (1240 AM) is a planned radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Beatty, Nevada, USA. The station is currently owned by Intermountain Media, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="19226679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226679" title="Dany Engobo">
Dany Engobo

Dany Engobo is a Congolese musician and leader of "Les Coeurs Brises". He moved to Paris in 1976 and learned French there. From then on he started singing his songs in that language.

</doc>
<doc id="19226683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226683" title="KIFO">
KIFO

KIFO (1450 AM) is a planned radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Hawthorne, Nevada, USA. The station is currently owned by Radio 1450, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="19226704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226704" title="Peter Gorski">
Peter Gorski

Peter Gorski, (born 7 November 1921) is a German film director. He was born in Berlin and later adopted by the German actor Gustaf Gründgens. He started his career in 1955 as the assistant director for the film "Reifende Jugend". In 1960 he directed the film "Faust", based on Goethe's "Faust" and adapted from the theater production at the Deutsches Schauspielhaus in Hamburg. The film starred his adoptive father Gustav Gründgens as Mephistopheles, and was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 33rd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not manage to receive a nomination. The film also won Gorski a Deutscher Filmpreis for an "Outstanding Documentary or Cultural Film" in 1961.
In 1968, Peter Gorski as the sole heir sued the "Nymphenburger Verlagsbuchhandlung", which had published the novel "Mephisto" which was loosely based on the life of his adoptive father Gustav Gründgens. The Federal Constitutional Court of Germany ruled that Gründgens' personal freedom was more important than the freedom of art.

</doc>
<doc id="19226724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226724" title="HMS Cadmus">
HMS Cadmus

Five ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Cadmus", after Cadmus, a prince in Greek mythology:

</doc>
<doc id="19226732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226732" title="SLAMM!! Events">
SLAMM!! Events

SLAMM!! Events was a Netherlands based mixed martial arts and thaiboxing promotion based in Almere, Netherlands. They organized their flagship "Nederland vs Thailand" series, a ten-hour marathon of mixed martial arts and kickboxing fights as well as an international events in Spain, Belgium, Italy and Suriname
Broadcast.
The Slamm events were delay broadcast to 52 countries on Eurosport
Rules.
Slamm MMA fights were conducted under different rules from the North American Unified Rules. Among the differences were the allowance of knees and stomps to the head of downed opponent. However elbows to the head and soccer kicks were prohibited. Muay Thai fights were conducted under full muay thai rules with elbows 5 X 3 rounds.
Events.
As of SLAMM: Nederland vs. Thailand VII, which occurred May 27, 2012, there have been 17 SLAMM events held.

</doc>
<doc id="19226737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226737" title="Santa J. Ono">
Santa J. Ono

Santa Jeremy Ono (born November 23, 1962) is a Canadian-American biologist and university administrator. He is currently the 28th President of the University of Cincinnati, effective October 23, 2012, following a brief stint as Interim President. He is the first Asian-American president of that university and in the state of Ohio. Previously, Ono served as the University Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs from June 2010.
Biography.
Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, he was educated at Towson High School, the University of Chicago, McGill University, and Harvard University. At Harvard he was a postdoctoral fellow supported by the Helen Hay Whitney Foundation. He has made key contributions to the field of gene regulation in the immune system and to the understanding of inflammation in the eye. Ono was raised primarily in Lutherville-Timonium, Maryland. He graduated with a BA in Biological Science from University of Chicago and a PhD in Experimental Medicine (Dean's Honour List) from McGill University in Montreal.
Scientific career.
Ono completed his fellowship at Harvard and then held faculty positions at Johns Hopkins University, Harvard University, University College London (UCL), and Emory University. He was GlaxoSmithKline Chair of Biomedical Science and Head of the Department of Immunology at the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology and honorary staff member at Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust. From March 2006 until September 2008, he served as Vice Provost for Academic Initiatives and Deputy to the Provost at Emory University in Atlanta. He was promoted to Senior Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education and Academic Affairs in September 2008 and also served as Professor of Ophthalmology, Medicine, Pediatrics and Biology. In September 2010, he became Senior Vice President and Provost for Academic Affairs at the University of Cincinnati.
Professor Ono has studied on ocular surface inflammation and the immune basis of age-related macular degeneration. His early work focused on the association of certain MHC haplotypes with susceptibility and resistance to type 1 diabetes. Using a number of recombinant and congenic rat strains, the work mapped susceptibility genes in the BB rat to the class II MHC loci. His work also showed that class I and II MHC gene products are expressed at higher levels or de novo on the insulin-producing beta cells of the islets of Langerhans. He focused much of his research in the next decade on the regulation of MHC gene expression. He showed that the different class II MHC isotypes are differentially expressed and showed that the X2-box cis-element controls this differential expression. His work also showed that the bZIP transcription factor: XBP1 forms a hetero-dimer with c-Fos. This has turned out to be relevant to the developmental control of B cell differentiation. His lab also discovered the NFX1 transcription factor and cloned both the human and murine cDNAs. This factor can bind DNA, RNA and protein via a reiterated RING finger motifs in the central domain of the polypeptide. The protein appears to have important roles in neuronal development and mRNA transport. NFX1 is also a probable E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase. These enzymes are of interest as they have been shown to participate in 3 metabolic pathways: ubiquitin mediated proteolysis, parkinson's disease, and huntington's disease. His lab also demonstrated that the non- histone chromosomal protein HMGA is required for the induction of multiple genes, including MHC genes, interferon-gamma and rhodopsin. They mapped the interaction of HMGA1a and the paired homeodomain motif within Crx and showed that these interactions help recruit such transcriptional activators to the promoter/enhancer.
Using transgenic mouse technology, they also showed (concurrently and independently of Alfredo Fusco), that fusion proteins between HMGA2 and other C terminal peptides (following chromosomal translocation) can drive the development of lipomas and generate obese mice. Further contributions in the field include the mapping of the HMGA2 promoter/enhancer.
More recently, his laboratory determined the role of beta-chemokines in mast cell-dependent inflammation in the ocular surface. The work showed that chemokines not only contribute to leukocyte recruitment, but can cooperate with other mast cell activation signals to trigger mast cell degranulation. Finally, his lab showed that certain autoantibodies might contribute to the pathogenesis or exacerbation of AMD and other rapid onset retinal degenerative diseases and may constitute useful biomarkers for the screening for AMD and its progression.
Administrative work.
As an administrator, Ono served on admissions committees at Johns Hopkins University for the Program in Cell & Molecular Medicine and the Graduate Program in Immunology. He also participated in the selection of HHMI undergraduate research fellows and as a faculty member in the JHU Center for Talented Youth.
At Harvard, he served as head of the Inflammation, Immunity and Transplantation Focus Group at the Schepens Eye Research Institute. There, he served on the Executive Committee of the Harvard Program in Immunology and on two NIH Training grants within ophthalmology (Ocular Immunology and Molecular Bases of Eye Diseases). He worked closely with the late President J. Wayne Streilein and COO Ken Trevett and others in developing a strategic plan for the Schepens Eye Research Institute at Harvard and helped attract significant funding from entities such as the Markey Charitable Trust and the Fidelity Investments.
Ono was then recruited to UCL to the Cumberlege Chair and then as GSK Professor. Major funding from the Wellcome Trust, Fight for Sight, and GSK supported the development of a new immunology division at the UCL-Institute of Ophthalmology which grew to 27 members. Administratively, he served on the university Finance Committee, the UCL Council (the university's Governing Body) and as Associate Dean. He served on the founding UCL working group on Race Equality, helping to both generate and monitor the impact of a new race equality policy on the diversification of the UCL workforce. This was flagged as an exemplar policy by the UK government in 2005. He also worked with the Provost and Chief Development Officer and officials such as Mayor Junichi Seki of Osaka to forge links with Osaka University and Osaka City University, and partnered with the International Office to strengthen study abroad links with several universities, including Columbia University. The international efforts also led to the establishment of a network of prominent alumni/supporters of UCL to lead development activities in different parts of the globe as part of the Campaign for UCL.
At Emory University, he had oversight of student enrollment activities, certain aspects of academic affairs and other responsibilities related to initiatives within the university strategic plan. Ono was part of a team that helped launch the Emory Advantage financial aid program, resulting in a loan replacement grant for individuals with a household income of $50,000 and less and a loan cap grant for individuals with a household income less than $100,000 It was the first program to reach into the "middle class" to facilitate access to an Emory education. In 2008-2009, he organized a self-study of the Emory Undergraduate Experience (within the university's four undergraduate colleges) to generate a roadmap for future steps to enhance the experience 
Ono also helped launch a number of programs to enhance intellectual community at Emory, including the Luminaries Series (designed to bring experts to Emory to speak about their scholarship) and the Life of the Mind Series to highlight Emory's own faculty. He also helped organize Emory's new Academic Leadership Program and the Emory Arts Competition.
In June 2010, he was named Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs and University Provost at the University of Cincinnati. Ono has oversight of budgets, personnel, and planning in the university's 13 colleges across four campuses. The university enrolls 42,000 students and employs 5,800 faculty members and 16,436 employees. Its FY 2011 budget totals $1.6 billion (with an economic impact of $5.3 billion), including $443 million in sponsored research. He is leading the implementation of the University's strategic plan UC 2019 Phase I of the university's Academic Master Plan was released on April 11, 2011 Investments have been made to both merit-based and need-based scholarships, the university Honors Program, the Study Abroad Program and to enhance academic advising. A new research institute has been launched with an initial $50 million investment and an office has been created to position UC students and faculty for nationally competitive awards. In 2012 a new technology accelerator was launched to accelerate the commercialization of university technology In 2011 UC moved up 13 places in the US News ranking of Top National Universities and the university moved to be among the top 5 producers of Fulbright scholars. Ono also serves as co-chair of a taskforce working on the University of Cincinnati Foundation's Strategic Plan.
Ono has also reached out to the public by giving talks at K-12 schools in the US and UK and to the general public at the Royal Institution of Great Britain. There he gave talks to K-12 students in the Student Education program and to adult audiences in the Talking Points Evening Lecture Series. He has also served as an invited panelist to discuss the Reith Lectures at Windsor Castle on BBC Radio 4.
Honors and awards.
Ono is the recipient of the Pharmacia International Award in Allergy Research (the top international prize awarded to inflammation researchers under the age of 40), a Helen Hay Whitney Fellowship, the American Diabetes Association Career Development Award, the Arthritis Foundation Investigator Award, a Lucille P. Markey Charitable Trust Award, the Medal in Bronze from Osaka City University and the Roche Award presented at University of Texas Medical Branch. He has been recognized as an outstanding mentor at Phi Beta Kappa ceremonies and received the JW McConnell Award for Potential in Teaching at McGill University. Ono has been elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the National Academy of Inventors, the Royal Society of Medicine, the Royal Society of Chemistry and Fellow of the British Association for the Advancement of Science (BA). He was elected International Fellow, American Academy of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology (AAAAI) and of the Collegium Internationale Allergologicum. He has been a member of the Faculty of 1000 since 2003.
He has delivered plenary or major lectures at: the International Congress of Immunology, the International Congress of Eye Research, the Annual Meetings of ARVO and AAAAI and the Kyoto Cornea Conference. Ono has been a Japan Society for the Promotion of Science Visiting Professor at Kyoto University and a Genentech Visiting Professor at the University of Cincinnati.
Advisory roles.
Ono has served on the governing bodies/Board of Trustees of University College London, Intervarsity Christian Fellowship US, World Affairs Council of Cincinnati, Alois Alzheimer Center, Strive for College, the Japan America Society, the Taft Center at University of Cincinnati, the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, University of Cincinnati Foundation and Trent School Cockfosters, Church of England. He has served ex officio on the Presidential Advisory Committee at Emory University. He is a founding member of the Board of the Posse Foundation, Atlanta and has served on the Medical & Scientific Advisory Board of the Tear Film and Ocular Surface Society (TFOS) the Medical Advisory Board and College of Experts of the Medical Research Council, UK and the IMS and HAI study sections of the US National Institutes of Health. Ono has served on the Council of the Intervarsity Christian Fellowship of Georgia and the Selection Committee for the Jack Kent Cooke Foundation National Graduate Scholarships
He has served as Associate Editor of Immunology and the Journal of Leukocyte Biology and on the Editorial Boards of the Journal of Biological Chemistry, the Journal of Immunology and the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology. He chaired the Novartis Foundation Symposium in 2004 and has participated in three Keck Futures Initiatives of the United States National Academy of Sciences.
At Emory, he also served as the faculty advisor for Emory Christian Fellowship and the Alpha Theta Chapter of Alpha Tau Omega fraternity. The chapter won the 2008 National Interfraternity Council Award of Distinction.
Social Media.
Ono is one of a few university presidents to embrace social media. More than 27,000 people follow his Twitter account (@PrezOno). Ono's Klout score is a steady 84, which is more than any other university president in the world. Recently Ono was named to a list of "10 college presidents on Twitter who are doing it right" by Education Dive.com

</doc>
<doc id="19226742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226742" title="Tennis at the Summer Universiade">
Tennis at the Summer Universiade

Tennis has been a part of the Summer Universiade program since the games' first edition in 1959, with the exception of the 1989 Games. Men's and women's singles; and men's, women's, and mixed doubles have been contested at each edition. Bronze medal matches were contested until the 1991 Games; two bronze medals have been given at each competition since.
Past medalists include Grand Slam singles champion Nikola Pilić; doubles champions Gigi Fernández, Fred McNair, Olga Morozova, Larisa Savchenko, Tomáš Šmíd, and Ion Țiriac; mixed doubles champion Rika Hiraki; 1984 Olympic runner-up Sabrina Goleš, 1992 Olympic bronze medalist Leila Meskhi, and 2004 Olympic doubles gold medalist Li Ting.

</doc>
<doc id="19226764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226764" title="KEHT">
KEHT

KEHT (1450 AM) is a planned radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Eads, Colorado, USA. The station is currently owned by Better Life Ministries.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19226782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226782" title="KHRJ">
KHRJ

KHRJ (1490 AM) is a planned radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Del Norte, Colorado, USA. The station is currently owned by Better Life Ministries.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19226794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226794" title="KJME">
KJME

KJME (890 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Fountain, Colorado. The station is currently owned by Timothy C. Cutforth. The station began broadcasting in early 2012 with an adult standards/big band music format. As of the spring of 2013, the station now airs classic country music.
History.
More than four years after the initial application was filed, this station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission on July 28, 2005. The new station was assigned the KJME call sign by the FCC on August 19, 2005. The construction permit was scheduled to expire on July 28, 2008.
The station belatedly applied for a license to cover on August 1, 2008, but the FCC dismissed the application on February 19, 2009, and the station was deleted from the FCC database.
Station owner Timothy C. Cutforth filed a Petition for Reconsideration on March 23, 2009. While a similar petition for Cutforth's KJJL was denied in June 2009, the Commission granted KJME special temporary authority to operate on October 6, 2009, and restored the station's call sign to the FCC database. The station's license was issued on January 6, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19226811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226811" title="Fredonia-Moccasin Unified School District">
Fredonia-Moccasin Unified School District

Fredonia-Moccasin Unified School District is a school district headquartered in Fredonia, Arizona, United States.
The schools operated by the district include Fredonia Elementary/Middle School and Fredonia High School; both are in Fredonia. The district serves Fredonia and unincorporated Coconino County communities close to the Grand Canyon National Park, such as the Kaibab Indian Reservation.

</doc>
<doc id="19226814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226814" title="HMS Espiegle">
HMS Espiegle

Eight ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Espiegle"
An "Espiegle" (gun-boat) that does not appear to be any of the above vessels was present at the Egyptian Campaign of 8 March 1801 to 2 September.

</doc>
<doc id="19226832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226832" title="The Turquoise Shop">
The Turquoise Shop

The Turquoise Shop (1941) is a mystery novel by the American writer Frances Crane.
Synopsis.
Several months ago, Mona Brandon's artist husband disappeared, and his body has now surfaced deep in the heart of the nearby desert, pecked beyond recognition by a horde of odious turkey vultures. This event coincides with the mysterious arrival of Pat Abbott, a handsomely rugged private investigator from San Francisco with hopes of pursuing an art career, while the shallow and snobbish Mona finds herself ostracized by her small New Mexico community of Santa Maria, including Jean Holly, the owner of The Turquoise Shop, after she had her own beautiful teenager daughter incarcerated by police.
However, Mona soon becomes the focus of local attention when murder strikes again at her luxurious mansion home, and the various creative talents assembled there soon fall under suspicion.

</doc>
<doc id="19226839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226839" title="Gilbert Houngbo">
Gilbert Houngbo

Gilbert Fossoun Houngbo (born 4 February 1961) is a Togolese politician who was Prime Minister of Togo from September 2008 to July 2012.
Education and career at the UN.
Houngbo holds an advanced degree in business management from the University of Lomé in Togo, as well as a degree in accounting and finance from the "Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières" in Canada. He is a member of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants.
Houngbo was a member of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Strategic Management Team and was its Director of Finance and Administration before being appointed as the UNDP Chief of Staff in 2003. He was subsequently appointed as United Nations Assistant Secretary General, Assistant Administrator of the UNDP, and Director of the UNDP's Regional Bureau for Africa by UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan on 29 December 2005.
Prime minister.
On 7 September 2008, President Faure Gnassingbé appointed Houngbo as Prime Minister of Togo; he replaced Komlan Mally, who resigned two days earlier. His appointment as Prime Minister was read out in a decree by Kouessan Yovodevi, the Director of National Television, who stated, "Mr Houngbo is Prime Minister". Houngbo took office as Prime Minister on 8 September. Houngbo was a relatively obscure figure in Togo prior to his appointment as Prime Minister, and his appointment was regarded as surprising. The government said that he was a "man of consensus" who would facilitate national reconciliation. Some observers attributed his appointment to a desire to improve the image of the government; there were suggestions that Mally had appeared ineffectual.
Houngbo travelled to the UN Headquarters in New York on 11 September for a visit to mark his departure from the UN. He met with UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 11 September, and Ban congratulated him on his achievements at the UNDP. In Togo, Houngbo's government was named on 15 September 2008. It included 27 ministers, aside from Houngbo himself: three ministers of state (one of whom was Houngbo's predecessor, Komlan Mally), 20 ministers, two minister-delegates, and two secretaries of state. Houngbo presented his general policy programme to the National Assembly on 16 September. Of the 80 deputies who participated in the vote on Houngbo's programme, 50 (representing the ruling Rally of the Togolese People) voted in favor of it; the opposition Union of Forces for Change voted against it, while the opposition Action Committee for Renewal abstained.
Gnassingbé was re-elected in the March 2010 presidential election and sworn in on 3 May 2010. Houngbo accordingly resigned as Prime Minister on 5 May, and Gnassingbé re-appointed him as Prime Minister on 7 May. His new coalition government was announced on 28 May, which included 7 members from UFC, Togo's main opposition party.

</doc>
<doc id="19226842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226842" title="NEUA">
NEUA

NEUA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19226849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226849" title="Matakana">
Matakana

Matakana is a small town in the Rodney District of New Zealand. Warkworth is about 9 km to the south-west, Snells Beach the same distance to the south, Omaha is about 7 km to the east, and Leigh is about 13 km to the north-east. The Matakana River flows through the town and into Kawau Bay to the south-east. 
The surrounding area contains several vineyards. It is also known for its farmers' market, cinema, cafes, restaurants and boutique food shops. The reasonable proximity to Auckland (around one hour drive) has led to the region becoming a trendy getaway spot for foodie Aucklanders.
Education.
Matakana School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 9 and a roll of 382. The school was established in 1862.
Events.
Matakana hosts many varied events throughout the year.
The Matakana Farmers' Market is held every Saturday.
Matakana School Gala is an annual event which attracts thousands from the surrounding district.
Music Mountain Matakana is a musical event held in the hills behind Matakana in late summer.
The Matakana Seagull Raft Race is held on the Matakana River every November. Power for the rafts is provided by restored British Seagull outboard motors.

</doc>
<doc id="19226855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226855" title="7th World Scout Jamboree">
7th World Scout Jamboree

The 7th World Scout Jamboree was held August 3 to 12, 1951 and was hosted by Austria at Bad Ischl. The attendance was 12,884 from 61 different parts of the world, with 675 German Scouts given a warm welcome as official participants in a World Jamboree for the first time. The Austrian contingent was slightly outnumbered by the Commonwealth contingent, and had reduced the minimum age for their attendees from 14, the normal Jamboree age, to 13, since the revived organization had only been in existence for five years.
Prologue.
At the 1949 International Scout Conference in Norway, invitations for the 1951 Conference and quadrennial World Jamboree were presented by Austria and Denmark. The vote was overwhelmingly in favor of Austria as it was a small country, a World Jamboree had never been staged there, Austrian Scouts had been forbidden in 1938 and had made their own comeback in 1946. The majority of the countries represented at the Conference had been at war with the then Austrian State only five years before, and there was a great desire to show that the brotherhood of Scouting was a reality.
In voicing the invitation, the Austrian International Commissioner, Adolf Klarer, said that the Seventh Jamboree "would have to put up with great simplicity." This itself appealed to the Conference as suiting the primary purpose of World Jamborees, "to bring Scouts together from all over the world and so strengthen the feeling of unity and fellowship," so the "Jamboree of Simplicity" was born.
Jamboree.
As at the 1947 Moisson Jamboree, there were many difficulties to be overcome by the 10,000 Austrian Scouts. The Austrian government administered the country under foreign control, still divided into American, British, Soviet and French occupation zones. Preparations were started immediately, and the site near Bad Ischl in the Salzkammergut was selected in November 1949 while snow lay on the ground.
The budget for the Jamboree was fixed at six million Austrian Schillings, after J. S. Wilson added 15% to the Austrian estimate, anticipating that staples like milk would inflate in price, which they did. 500,000 Schillings were granted as a subsidy of the Austrian Federal Government.
Doubts has been expressed because while Bad Ischl was in the American Zone, it lay close to the Soviet Zone. However, Austrian Scout troops had been permitted to start and carry on quietly in the Soviet Zone, and no attempt was made to interfere with them, so members of these troops also attended the Jamboree.
During the event seven lit towers were erected to symbolize previous Jamborees. As the name of each Jamboree was announced, a flag was hoisted on one of the towers and the song of that Jamboree sung.
One Scout attended from Japan, knowing no language other than his own and the word "Jamboree", yet he made the journey with no problem. The sight of Scouts waving the welcome flags at the airport told him that he had arrived at the right place.
Contingents came from Algeria, Armenia, Australia, Belgium, Bolivia, Brazil, British Guyana, Burma, Cameroon, Canada, Ceylon, Chile, Cuba, Cyprus, Denmark, Germany, Egypt, El Salvador, France, French Equatorial Africa, French West Africa, Gibraltar, Great Britain, Greece, Hong Kong, Iceland, India, Iraq, Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Kenya, Lebanon, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malaya, Mexico, Morocco, Malta, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, Pakistan, Portugal, Sierra Leone, Southern Rhodesia, South Africa, Sudan, Sweden, Switzerland, Syria, Togo, Tunisia, the United States, Venezuela and Vietnam. Exile Scouts from Eastern Europe participated in the contingents of Germany and Austria.
Reunions.
The Australian contingent and New Zealand contingents to the 7th World Jamboree still have reunions every two years.

</doc>
<doc id="19226858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226858" title="Spence Kovak">
Spence Kovak

Spence Kovak is a fictional character who has been part of four American television series, portrayed in each by Jeremy Piven.

</doc>
<doc id="19226863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226863" title="The Dragon Man">
The Dragon Man

The Dragon Man is a 1999 crime novel by the Australian author Garry Disher.
Notes.
This is the first novel in the author's "Challis/Destry" series of crime novels, followed by "Kittyhawk Down" (2003), "Snapshot" (2005), Chain of Evidence (2007), and "Blood Moon" (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19226865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226865" title="Olga Sacharoff">
Olga Sacharoff

Olga Nicolaevna Sacharoff (May 28, 1889, Tbilisi, Georgia-1967 Barcelona) was a Spanish artist of Georgian origin associated with naive art and the Surrealist movement.
Life and work.
She was born in Georgia which at the time was a part of Russian Empire. Her mother was of Persian origin. After studying at the Tbilisi School of Fine Art, she moved to Munich and came in contact with the German Expressionist movement. There she met her future husband, photographer and painter Otto Lloyd, living well off a remittance from his mother in Switzerland.
Sacharoff moved to Paris in 1911, influenced initially by Paul Cézanne and later by radical, or "synthetique" cubism She and Lloyd attended the circle headed by Russian emigre Marie Vassilieff.
The outbreak of World War I caused Sacharoff and Lloyd to travel to Spain in 1915. The couple first settled in Mallorca, and in 1916 settled in Barcelona. She collaborated with Francis Picabia on the magazine "391", published in Barcelona and considered a representative of dadaism. Among those appearing in the four issues of the magazine were Guillaume Apollinaire and Marie Laurencin.
Sacharoff exhibited in "Salons d'Automne" of Paris but lived mainly in Barcelona. She and Lloyd separated in 1929, and in depression, she stopped painting for about five years. She resurfaced in 1934 with an exhibit at Barcelona's Layetanas Gallery.
Sacharoff worked in book illustration, including Colette's "House of Claudine" and Fyodor Dostoyevsky's "Netochka Nezvanova".

</doc>
<doc id="19226876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226876" title="Mark Watson (economist)">
Mark Watson (economist)

Mark W. Watson is an American professor of econometrics. He currently teaches at Princeton University. Prior to coming to Princeton in 1995, Watson served on the economics faculty at Harvard University and Northwestern University. His research focuses on time-series econometrics, empirical macroeconomics, and macroeconomic forecasting.
Watson has published widely cited articles in these areas, and is the co-author of "Introduction to Econometrics", a leading undergraduate textbook.
He and Tim Bollerslev are widely regarded as carrying forward the work of the Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert F. Engle, as acknowledged by Engle himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19226885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226885" title="Circulatory collapse">
Circulatory collapse

A circulatory collapse is defined as a general or specific failure of the circulation, either cardiac or peripheral in nature. 
Although the mechanisms, causes and clinical syndromes are different the pathogenesis is the same, the circulatory system fails to maintain the supply of oxygen and other nutrients to the tissues and to remove the carbon dioxide and other metabolites from them. The failure may be hypovolemic, distributive.
A common cause of this could be shock or trauma from injury or surgery. 
A "general failure" is one that occurs across a wide range of locations in the body, such as systemic shock after the loss of a large amount of blood collapsing all the circulatory systems in the legs. A "specific failure" can be traced to a particular point, such as a clot.
Cardiac circulatory collapse affects the vessels of the heart such as the aorta and is almost always fatal. It is sometimes referred to as "acute" circulatory failure.
Peripheral circulatory collapse involves outlying arteries and veins in the body and can result in gangrene, organ failure or other serious complications. This form is sometimes called "peripheral vascular failure", "shock" or "peripheral vascular shutdown".
A milder or preliminary form of ciculatory collapse is circulatory insufficiency.
Effects.
The effects of a circulatory collapse vary based on the type of collapse it is. Peripheral collapses usually involve abnormally low blood pressure and result in collapsed arteries and/or veins, leading to oxygen deprivation to tissues, organs, and limbs.
Acute collapse can result from heart failure and causes the collapse of the primary vessels of the heart collapsing, perhaps combined with cardiac arrest.
Causes.
A very large range of medical conditions can cause circulatory collapse. These include, but are not limited to:

</doc>
<doc id="19226910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226910" title="William Hammersley">
William Hammersley

William Josiah Sumner Hammersley (born 25 September 1826, Ash, Surrey, England - died 1886) was a prominent sports journalist for "Bell's Life in Victoria" and later "The Australasian" (Victoria), one of the four men credited with setting down the original rules of the Australian rules football.
Life.
He was educated at Aldenham School. He was educted privately in Billericay and at Trinity College, Cambridge, though he did not graduate with a degree.
He was a prominent cricketer, having played for Cambridge University Cricket Club, Surrey County Cricket Club and Marylebone Cricket Club.
He married Jane Thirkettle, 23 Sep 1849, in London, England and had four children.
Hammersley migrated to Melbourne and upon his arrival to Australia, he became a member of the Melbourne Cricket Club and worked as a sports journalist.
He captained the first Victorian XI to visit Sydney for an inter-colonial match in 1857 and was a right arm batter/bowler between 1847 and 1861.
He was a personal friend of fellow Cambridge cricketer Thomas Wentworth Wills and helped to give momentum to Wills calls to form a football club.
In 1859 he became a founding member of the Melbourne Football Club and involved in popularising the club's football code.
Hammersley is also believed by some to have been instrumental in introducing Victorian Rules to Sydney and in the early formation of the New South Wales Football Association.
He died on 15 November 1886 in the Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy, Victoria and buried in the Melbourne General Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19226925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226925" title="HMS Merlin">
HMS Merlin

Fourteen ships and one shore establishment of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Merlin", after Merlin, the wizard in Arthurian legend (the shore establishment RNAS Donibristle, like the other Naval Air Stations in Scotland, was named after the sea bird):

</doc>
<doc id="19226941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226941" title="New York State Wildlife Management Areas">
New York State Wildlife Management Areas

New York State owns and maintains more than 85 Wildlife Management Areas (WMAs), with a total area of more than . 
The Wildlife Management Areas Program is administered by the Division of Fish, Wildlife and Marine Resources of the Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC). These lands have been acquired primarily for the production and use of wildlife, and many of the WMAs are used extensively for hunting, fishing, and trapping. The first source of funding was the Conservation Fund of the Division, which was begun in 1925. It accumulates hunting, fishing, and trapping license fees and other miscellaneous fees and fines collected by the Division. In the 1930s, the federal Resettlement Administration bought marginal and worn-out farmland and later donated it to the state for wildlife management purposes. The Pittman–Robertson Act of 1937 places an excise tax on guns and ammunition, of which 10% is returned to the states to fund restoration and management efforts for wildlife including purchase of habitat. New York State Bond Acts in 1960, 1972 and 1986 have also helped fund the WMA system.
Some of the WMAs occupy land that is environmentally sensitive. Thus the Lakeview Wildlife Management Area has been declared the "Lakeview Marsh and Barrier Beach National Natural Landmark", and was cited in 1973 as, "One of the best and most extensive marshlands that lie in protected bays and behind barrier beaches along eastern Lake Ontario."

</doc>
<doc id="19226965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226965" title="Tanin">
Tanin

Tanin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19226976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226976" title="Shawnigan Lake">
Shawnigan Lake

Shawnigan Lake is a lake on southern Vancouver Island, located to the west of Saanich Inlet and to the south of the Cowichan Valley region. It is the location and namesake of the village municipality of Shawnigan Lake, British Columbia. Its aboriginal name in the Hunquminum language is Shaanii'us.
Geology and soils.
Bedrock around the southern two-thirds of the lake is meta-igneous rock of Lower Paleozoic age which is rich in mafic minerals except along southeastern shores where felsic minerals dominate. Bands of marble up to several meters thick are scattered within this metamorphic complex. Around northern shores are volcanic rocks of variable composition from the Jurassic period. 
Soils around the lake are mostly well drained or rapidly drained gravelly sandy loams or gravelly loamy sands with brown podzolic profile development. Some meet the definition of podzols under the current Canadian system of soil classification. A small area of peat lies near the southern end of the community of Shawnigan Lake.
Ecology.
Fish in the lake include rainbow trout, cutthroat trout, kokanee salmon and smallmouth bass. Their populations are sufficient to support a recreational fishery.
Features.
Memory Island Provincial Park, a small islet in the lake, was founded in memorial to two Lake residents lost during the Second World War. Also, a local park (Old Mill Park) contains the remains of a lumber mill that was built to support the fledgling village when it was founded nearly one hundred years ago. The mill burned in a fire several years after construction, and the old wooden supports from the mill are still visible in the lake.
Climate.
Shawnigan Lake's highest recorded temperature was as of Jul 29, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19226979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226979" title="Kane Kramer">
Kane Kramer

Kane Kramer is a British inventor and businessman. He is credited with the initial invention of the digital audio player, in 1979.
Invention of the DAP.
In 1981 Kramer filed for a UK patent for his newly conceived Digital Audio Player, the IXI. UK patent 2115996 was issued in 1985, and was issued in 1987. The player was the size of a credit card with a small LCD screen and navigation and volume buttons and would have held data of at least 8 MB of solid state bubble memory chip with a capacity of 3.5 minutes worth of audio. Plans were made for a 10 minute stereo memory card and the system was at one time fitted with a hard drive enabling over an hour of recorded digital music. His first investor was Sir Paul McCartney, later Kramer set up a company to promote IXI and five working prototypes were produced with 16 bit sampling at 44.1 kilohertz with the pre-production prototype being unveiled at the APRS Audio/Visual trade exhibition in October 1986. In a 2004 interview with "The Guardian", Kramer stated that the company at the time had "orders worth £60,000,000" (value at current day) for the device from the recording industry. However, in 1988 a boardroom dispute within Kramer's company and the subsequent failure to raise the £60,000 required to renew the patent resulted in the patent lapsing and entering the public domain, however he is still the owner of the designs.
iPod testimony.
In 2008, Kramer was called as a witness by Apple Inc. to defend itself from charges of patent infringement for its iPod digital audio player. According to the 'Mail Online' edition of 8 September 2008, Apple Inc. had used Mr Kramer’s patents and drawings to defend itself in the legal wrangle with Burst a year earlier and he gave evidence under fire from Burst’s lawyers.
Current work.
Kramer is still at work in the technology sector. His most recent project, called "Monicall" functions as a dial in service that would make phone call conversations legally binding. Kramer is the Chairman of the British Inventors Society and Organiser of the British Invention Show & World Invention Awards. He acts as technology advisor to International Clean Energy Circle (ICI) www.icecircle.org, is launching a new range of audio equipment www.ixi1.com and acts as technology and design consultant to some of the Worlds largest corporations.

</doc>
<doc id="19226980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226980" title="John of Mettingham">
John of Mettingham

John of Mettingham (died 1301) was an English judge. He served as a law clerk for Gilbert of Preston starting in 1265. After Preston's death Mettingham was appointed as a justice for the newly formed Assize Court in 1274. In 1278 a pair of permanent Eyre circuits were formed, and Preston was assigned to the northern one, sitting as a junior justice on every eyre on that circuit until 1288 and as Chief Justice for the Dorset sitting in 1288. Mettingham seems to have specialised in Quo warranto cases, but also heard ordinary civil litigation cases in at least five Counties. In 1290 he was made Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, a position he held until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19226982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19226982" title="The Wits">
The Wits

The Wits is a Caroline era stage play, a comedy by Sir William Davenant. It was licensed for performance by Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, on 19 January 1634; it was staged by the King's Men at the Blackfriars Theatre. It was first published in quarto by Richard Meighen in 1636. A number of critics have considered it "Davenant's most successful and influential comedy."
Herbert was initially unhappy with "The Wits", particularly on account of its oaths and explicit language; the influential courtier Endymion Porter interceded with King Charles I to tolerate and allow the play, which then proved popular at Court. Davenant would eventually become an effective courtier himself; the 1636 edition contains Davenant's dedication of the play to Porter, and a commendatory poem by Thomas Carew.
"The Wits" has been seen as anticipating aspects of Restoration comedy, especially in its "strong, unsentimental, witty heroine" — "Lady Ample represents the Restoration ideal of a woman being the equal to a man in all respects."
When Davenant became manager of the newly organized Duke's Company at the beginning of the Restoration era, one of the first plays he produced was "The Wits" (1661), with Thomas Betterton in the lead role. "The Wits" was republished in 1665, in an octavo volume that also included "The Platonick Lovers". In a revised form, "The Wits" was included in the edition of Davenant's collected works issued by Henry Herringman in 1673.
Source.
In plotting "The Wits", Davenant depended upon a play of the previous generation, Middleton and Rowley's "Wit at Several Weapons". The common story involved two male relatives, an older and a younger. The older fancies himself a "wit;" he controls the family fortune through the rules of primogeniture, and denies his younger relative any funds. The younger man, impoverished but truly clever, manipulates and cheats the other, until the older man has to concede that the younger has triumphed in a contest of wit, and allows him an income.
Davenant's two brothers, the Elder Pallatine and the Younger Pallatine, are versions of Sir Perfidious Oldcraft and Wittypate Oldcraft in the Middleton/Rowley play. Both comedies also feature an old guardian who tries to arrange an undesirable marriage for the pretty young woman who is his ward; the old guardian must be fooled and outmaneuvered by the play's youngsters for a happy ending.
Synopsis.
The opening scene introduces the Younger Pallatine and his henchmen, Pert and Meager, two discharged soldiers. The overall plot is quickly delineated. To finance his planned con-games, Pallatine has to borrow money from Lucy, the girl he loves; she has traded in her small supply of jewellery for funds for Pallatine.
The second scene shifts to the Elder Pallatine and his confederate Sir Morglay Thwack. Both are wealthy landowners from the north of England, who have developed an absurd plan; outfitting themselves in flashy clothes, they have come to London to live by their wits. They intend to pursue liaisons with women, and moreover to depend on those prospective lovers for income, like gigolos. They even have a division of labour: the Elder Pallatine will pursue the younger women, while the grey-haired Sir Morglay will concentrate on the widows. The Younger Pallatine reproves them over their intentions, but the two are deaf to him. And since the Elder Pallatine intends to live by his wits, he thinks his younger brother should do so too, telling him, "Never hereafter...Will I disburse for you again; never."
Act II brings on the third group of characters, Lady Ample and her servants Engine and Ginet. The Lady is a young heiress who has been under the guardianship of Sir Tyrant Thrift — a guardianship that is scheduled to end the next day. Sir Tyrant has gone to find a husband for Lady Ample, to further his control over her; but the Lady has plans of her own. As his name indicates, Sir Tyrant is a skinflint who has allowed his ward and her servants meager upkeep; Lady Ample has surmounted this by allowing herself to be courted by rich men, and using their expensive presents of gems and other fine things to improve her standard of living. The Lady's cousin Lucy bursts in with distressing news. Lucy's aunt has learned of the money she gave to young Pallatine; assuming (incorrectly) that Lucy has surrendered her virginity to her lover, the aunt has tossed the girl out of her house. Ample is also offended at Lucy's conduct — but over the fact that Lucy has given money to a man, instead of the other way around.
Given the would-be gigolos' plans, it is not surprising that the Elder Pallatine and Sir Morglay find their way to Lady Ample. Their attempts at courtship are offensively inept. The play's two sides are now drawn: Lady Ample and her followers, and young Pallatine and his, are united in the goal of humiliating the two self-styled wits and cheating them of their money.
With the help of a complaisant constable and his night watch, the conspirators launch a series of tricks that victimise first the Elder Pallatine, then Sir Morglay, and finally Sir Tyrant Thrift; each man falls victim to his greed and folly. The Elder Pallatine is locked in a trunk for hours; Sir Morglay buys his freedom with his last hundred pounds; Sir Tyrant thinks he is arrested for sacrilege and robbing a church. In the end, the conspirators are rewarded with ample funds; the Elder Pallatine graciously concedes that his younger brother is his superior in wit, and endows him with one of his country estates. The Younger Pallatine and Lucy can now marry; and Lady Ample agrees to take the Elder Pallatine as her husband, as long as he acknowledges her superiority in cleverness.

</doc>
<doc id="19227002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227002" title="List of Tampa Bay Storm seasons">
List of Tampa Bay Storm seasons

The Tampa Bay Storm is a professional arena football franchise of the Arena Football League (AFL) based in Tampa, Florida. The franchise was originally known as the Pittsburgh Gladiators, and was one of the founding members of the AFL in 1987. The Storm is the oldest team in AFL, since the other original teams, Chicago Bruisers, Denver Dynamite, and Washington Commandos, have all folded. They are the last of the original four franchises to have operated in continuous existence from the formation of the league until the present. The Gladiators participated in ArenaBowl I and ArenaBowl III, losing both games. The franchise moved from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to Tampa, Florida in 1991, and changed its name to the Tampa Bay Storm.
In Tampa, the Storm won ArenaBowl V, ArenaBowl VII, ArenaBowl IX, ArenaBowl X, and ArenaBowl XVII. They also played in and lost ArenaBowl XII. In their 25-year history (through the 2012 season), they have an overall regular season record of 207 wins, and 125 losses. They have made 20 postseason appearances, and have an overall postseason record of 21 wins and 13 losses. The Storm ended the 2006 season with a 7–9 record (4th in their Division), ending a 19-year streak of playoff appearances, the longest in AFL. Since 1997, the team has played its home games in the Tampa Bay Times Forum (previously the Ice Palace, and later the St. Pete Times Forum) which is located in Tampa.
In 2009, the AFL announced it had suspended operations indefinitely, and canceled the 2009 season. On December 10, 2009, the Storm announced that they would be back for the 2010 season when the league relaunched. In 2010, the team was also moved to the American Conference's South division.

</doc>
<doc id="19227013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227013" title="Marlise Simons">
Marlise Simons

Marlise Simons is a Dutch-born journalist who joined the New York Times in 1982.
She has been based in Paris since 1989, covering a range of subjects across Europe and elsewhere.
Most recently she has focused on international human rights law and on trials involving war crimes and genocide at both national and international courts.
Career.
Simons has worked extensively as a journalist throughout Latin America, where she lived from 1971 to 1989, also reporting for the Washington Post.
For The New York Times, she has reported from Central and South America and the Caribbean on conflicts and political murder, torture and disappearances in Latin America She has also reported on environmental issues in the Brazilian Amazon.
She currently works for the New York Times's Paris Bureau. In Europe her writing has covered political, social, cultural and environmental issues and in particular proceedings at international courts and tribunals in The Hague dealing with war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide. She has reported extensively on the work of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Court.
Personal.
Simons was born in Sittard, The Netherlands, a daughter of Jacques Simons and his wife Margaretha Deus. She is married to Alan Riding, a journalist and author, with whom she has a son, Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="19227020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227020" title="Kevin Guy">
Kevin Guy

Kevin Guy (born December 6, 1972) is an arena football coach and former wide receiver and defensive back who is the head coach for the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League (AFL). He played his college football at the Livingston University, and was an AFL wide receiver and defensive back from 1996 to 1999. He has been a football coach since 2000, and first served as a head coach in 2000 as the interim head coach for the New Jersey Red Dogs. After being the defensive coordinator for the San Jose SaberCats from 2006 to 2007, he became the Rattlers head coach in 2008.
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Guy grew up in Alabama then continued his high school career in Shelby County High School in Columbiana, Alabama. Kevin then enrolled at Livingston University, and played wide receiver before finishing his career as a defensive back on the Livingston Tigers football team from 1991 to 1995.
The Minnesota Fighting Pike signed Guy after he went unselected in the 1996 NFL Draft. He played 4 years as a wide receiver and defensive in the AFL, with Minnesota in 1996, the New Jersey Red Dogs from 1997 to 1999, and the Orlando Predators in 1999. He first became a regular starting defensive back in 1996 with Minnesota. In 1998 with New Jersey, he helped lead the Red Dogs to the AFL Semifinal.
In 2000, while not even being one year removed from the AFL, Guy was a defensive coordinator for the Red Dogs under head coach Frank Mattice. With 4 games left in the 2000 season, the Red Dogs fired Mattice, and Guy served the teams interim head coach for the remainder of the season. In 2001, he returned to the AFL as a defensive coordinator for the Florida Bobcats. He then became a head coach at the af2 level, starting in 2002 with the Tennessee Valley Vipers. After coaching Tennessee to 3 consecutive playoff berths 2002, 2003 & 2004, he moved to the Rio Grande Valley Dorados, and served as head coach during the 2005 season and led the Dorados to the National Conference Championship game. After the 2005 season, Guy was named the defensive coordinator for the San Jose SaberCats of the AFL. Guy's defensive squad helped lead the SaberCats to back-to-back American Conference Championship Game appearances, and a berth in ArenaBowl XXI, where the SaberCats would defeat the Chicago Rush. Following the SaberCats ArenaBowl victory, the Arizona Rattlers named Guy their 4th head coach in franchise history. Guy led the team to playoff appearances in his first five seasons there, making 3 consecutive appearances in the ArenaBowl, winning ArenaBowl XXV and ArenaBowl XXVI both over the Philadelphia Soul.
Early life.
Guy was born in Birmingham, Alabama. Guy attended Shelby County High School in Columbiana, Alabama, where he was a member of the Wildcats football team from 1987 to 1990.
College career.
Guy was tested by many high level programs, taking visits to Alabama, Auburn, Mississippi State, Samford and Chattanooga, but only received a scholarship from Livingston.
Coaching career.
San Jose SaberCats.
In September 2005, Guy was named the defensive coordinator of the San Jose SaberCats of the AFL.
Arizona Rattlers.
Guy was named the head coach of the Arizona Rattlers in August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19227024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227024" title="Daniel Caldwell">
Daniel Caldwell

Daniel Caldwell is an American actor, stage director and drama teacher. He is the founder of Conservatory Theatre Ensemble in Mill Valley, California, where he taught drama at Tamalpais High School.
Early life and education.
Caldwell attended Tamalpais High School, transferring to Sir Francis Drake High School in Fairfax when it opened in 1951. He graduated from Drake in 1952.
Teaching career.
Caldwell taught drama for 37 years at Tamalpais High School, from 1962 to until his retirement in 1999. In 1976, with Michelle Swanson, he cofounded the Ensemble Theatre Company of Marin (ETC), which later changed its name to the Conservatory Theatre Ensemble (CTE). Calwell and Swanson won the F. Loren Winship Secondary School Theatre Award from the American Alliance of Theatre and Education in 1988 and 1990.
Notable former students at Tam and CTE include Kathleen Quinlan (Class of 1972), Courtney Thorne-Smith (1985), and Tupac Shakur (1989), Merritt R. Butrick (September 3, 1959 – March 17, 1989) in the mid 70's.
In 2002, the Tamalpais Union High School District named the new theater under construction at Tam the "Daniel Caldwell Performing Arts Center." The new Center was completed and opened in 2006.
Stage and film career.
Caldwell's early career as a film actor includes work with Woody Allen, Otto Preminger, Michelangelo Antonioni, Tommy Chong, Richard Lester and John Korty. He was also a director in the early years of Marin Shakespeare Festival and a freelance director of the long running play, "The Trial Of James McNeill Whistler." His recent work included "The Art of Dining." at Marin Theatre Company, "Autumn Canticle," at the Eureka Theatre, and the film "Dead City," directed by his former student and CTE grad, Jason Houston. 
Caldwell was Vice-President of the Screen Actors Guild, serving as president of the San Francisco branch for 18 years. He has been on the Board of Directors for the Marin Arts Council, the Magic Carpet Play Company, and Teen’s Kickoff. He is married to actress Karlene Crockett.

</doc>
<doc id="19227037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227037" title="Barry Maitland">
Barry Maitland

Barry Maitland (born 1941 in Scotland) is an Australian author of crime fiction. After studying architecture at Cambridge, Maitland practised and taught in the UK before moving to Australia, where he became a Professor of Architecture at the University of Newcastle. He retired in 2000 and took up writing full-time.
Novels.
Maitland has written a series of crime novels known as the "Kathy and Brock" novels or the "Brock and Kolla" novels:
He has also written one novel that does not belong to the series, "Bright Air" (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="19227044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227044" title="William Leeke">
William Leeke

William Leeke (1797–1879) was a British Army officer and clergyman, known for his published reminiscences of the Waterloo Campaign, which form a primary source for many modern histories of the campaign.
Early life.
Leeke was born in 1797 on the Isle of Wight to a naval family, who owned an estate in Hampshire. He was brother to Sir Henry John Leeke, who rose to the rank of admiral in the Royal Navy. Their father was Samuel Leeke, a deputy lieutenant of Hampshire, and their mother was Sophia, daughter of Capt. Richard Bargus, R.N. Leeke's eldest brother Samuel had also served in the navy, but died off Cadiz in 1810, while serving as a lieutenant. His sister, Urania, married Admiral Sir Edward Tucker.
Military experience.
William Leeke obtained his commission as an ensign in the 52nd (Oxfordshire) Regiment of Foot through the influence of Sir John Colborne (later Lord Seaton), the regiment's colonel, who was a relative: Leeke's mother's brother, Thomas Bargus, had married Colborne's mother.
(Colborne's father had died in 1785, when he was seven). Originally joining the 52nd as a Gentleman Volunteer in May 1815, he was gazetted ensign almost immediately, the promotion dated 4 May. He was only 17, which made him the youngest ensign at Waterloo.
He carried the 52nd's Regimental colours during the Battle of Waterloo, which gave him a good understanding of the 52nd's actions during the battle.
Leeke purchased his promotion to lieutenant on 20 November 1823, and remained in the 52nd until 2 September 1824 when he exchanged into the 42nd Regiment of Foot, on half-pay. Despite the fact that he was by then studying at Cambridge, he returned to full-pay as a lieutenant in the Ceylon Regiment on 28 May 1828, by exchange. He sold out on 28 August 1828.
University studies and work for the Church of England.
After leaving the army, Leeke attended Queens' College, Cambridge, gaining a BA in 1829 and an MA in 1832. In 1829 Leeke was ordained deacon in the Church of England, serving as curate at Westham, Sussex. He was ordained priest in 1830, by the Bishop of Chichester, and in 1831 became stipendary curate at Brailsford with Osmaston, Derbyshire. Then, in 1840, was appointed Perpetual curate of Michael's Church at Holbrook in Derbyshire, living in Holbrooke Hall, with Thomas William Evans as a patron. Leeke was also Rural Dean of Duffield, from 1849.
While at Cambridge, in 1827 Leeke instituted the Jesus Lane Sunday School in an attempt to improve conditions in the local slums. His work eventually resulted in the establishment of an elementary school, which has now evolved into Parkside Community College. His four sons also volunteered at the Sunday School during their respective times in Cambridge while students at Trinity.
He wrote a number of works on church matters, including an address on the abolition of pluralities.
Family.
In 1828, Leeke married Mary Ann Cox, daughter of John Cox, of Derby. Her sister Maria married George Gawler, a fellow officer of Leeke's from the 52nd Foot.
They had four sons – Edward Tucker, Henry, John Cox and Samuel – and four daughters.
Two of Leeke's sons entered the church. Edward Tucker became sub-dean of Lincoln Cathedral, and John Cox was made Bishop of Woolwich in 1905. Henry was a notable athlete, competing in the throwing events for Cambridge University, and English Amateur champion for the hammer throw. His son, Henry Alan Leeke, represented Great Britain in the throwing events at the 1908 Summer Olympics. Samuel was a barrister at Lincoln's Inn. He was called to the bar in 1873, and worked up until his death at 77 in 1925. He was known for his skill as a conveyancer and equity draftsman, and also worked successfully as an advocate, with a reputation for not losing cases. His obituary in "The Times" commended his "charming manner and old-world courtesy", and described him as "a fine old English gentlemen" who excited respect and affection from those who met him.
In 1863, Leeke's eldest daughter Sophia married Thomas Horsfall, MP for Liverpool; she was his third wife, and died in 1867. His daughter Jane married Edward Latham ("d". 1883), housemaster of Repton School then vicar of Matlock Bath. Edward and Jane had ten children, including Jane Leeke Latham, an educationalist and missionary.
Leeke died in 1879. There is a stained glass memorial to him and his wife in St Michael's Church, Holbrooke. A street in Cambridge was named after Leeke, but has now been demolished.
"The History of Lord Seaton's Regiment".
"The history of Lord Seaton's regiment, (the 52nd light infantry) at the battle of Waterloo; together with various incidents connected with that regiment, not only at Waterloo but also at Paris, in the north of France, and for several years afterwards: to which are added many of the author's reminiscences of his military and clerical careers during a period of more than fifty years" was published in two volumes in 1866.
Leeke's account of the Battle of Waterloo caused some controversy, since he claimed that official records erred in ascribing the defeat of Napoleon's Imperial Guard to the British 1st Foot Guards. Leeke claimed that the 52nd Foot alone, under the command of Sir John Colborne (later Lord Seaton), was responsible for turning the flank of the Imperial Guard in the last stages of the battle, ensuring the victory, stating on the title page of both volumes that:
The author claims for Lord Seaton and the 52nd the honour of having defeated, single-handed, without the assistance of the 1st British Guards or any other troops, that portion of the Imperial Guard of France, about 10,000 in number, which advanced to make the last attack on the British position.
Leeke also lamented that Wellington's despatches had unfairly made no mention of Colborne's vital command, and the 52nd's "daring feat". His memoirs were partly inspired by what he felt to be a "very great injustice has been done to Lord Seaton and the 52nd Light Infantry, which regiment he commanded at Waterloo, by those who have attempted, in subsequent years, to write the history of that great battle", and that he considered "the truth, with regard to what we knew the 52nd had achieved at Waterloo, ought to see the light".

</doc>
<doc id="19227060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227060" title="Mike Hamilton (guitarist)">
Mike Hamilton (guitarist)

Mike Hamilton (sometimes listed as Michael Hamilton) is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter. Hamilton has performed, toured and/or recorded with Bette Midler, Sting, Jay Ferguson, Jennifer Warnes, Peter Kater, Jack Tempchin, Max Bennett, Pure Prairie League, Kenny Loggins and
many other music artists.
Some of his original songs and compositions can be found on the following album/CDs and cassettes: "Songs And Sounds The Same", Mike Hamilton - "Mementos 1971 - 1987", Pure Prairie League - "Anthology", Mike Hamilton - "Wind Of The East", Peter Kater - "Best Of Laguna Vol.1", Coastal Soul Music.
His guitar playing and singing can be heard and seen on the VHS, Laser Disc and DVD Release of "Alive", Kenny Loggins and the VHS Release of
"Art Or Bust", Bette Midler.
References.
Newspaper article: "Hamilton at Cedar Creek" in The Orange County Register, Dana Point News, Music and Features, Thursday, Oct. 2, 2003 by Robert Kinsler.
Newspaper article: "Los Angeles Guitarist Gains Respect in Spokane" Spokane Chronicle, Empire Weekend Section, Friday Aug. 24, 1990, by Lana Baldwin.

</doc>
<doc id="19227061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227061" title="Aglaspoides">
Aglaspoides

Aglaspoides is an extinct genus of aglaspid arthropod.

</doc>
<doc id="19227078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227078" title="List of ecoregions in Cuba">
List of ecoregions in Cuba

The following is a list of ecoregions in Cuba, according to the WWF:
Terrestrial ecoregions.
"by major habitat type"

</doc>
<doc id="19227084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227084" title="HMS Mystic">
HMS Mystic

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Mystic"

</doc>
<doc id="19227085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227085" title="Angarocaris">
Angarocaris

Angarocaris is an extinct genus of basal chelicerate.

</doc>
<doc id="19227091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227091" title="Anti-Korean sentiment">
Anti-Korean sentiment

Anti-Korean sentiment involves hatred or dislike that is directed towards Korean people, culture or either of the two states (North Korea/South Korea) on the Korean peninsula.
Origins.
Anti-Korean sentiment is present in the People's Republic of China, Taiwan and Japan, and stems from such issues as nationalism, politics, economic competition, cultural influences, and historical disputes.
History.
In China, it has only come to prominence recently, due to issues such as the 2008 Olympic Torch Relay; which have accumulated over other issues over the years.
In Japan, modern dislike for Korea can be seen as a form of national rivalry; more recently this rivalry was heightened by events such as the 2002 FIFA World Cup, co-hosted by both nations.
In China.
Korea and China have historically maintained strong ties. As Korea was annexed by Imperial Japan in 1910, Korea became under Japanese influence. Chinese believe that some ethnic Koreans were in the Imperial Japanese Army which invaded China during the Second Sino-Japanese War. Additionally, adding to this sentiment is that some Koreans were reported to be involved into the operation of the Burma-Siam Death Railway. The Chinese referred to Koreans as Er guizi ().
From a psychological perspective, Chinese are seen as assuming Koreans to be part of a sinocentric East Asian regional order. As a part of this group, Koreans are assumed to be inherently friendly to China. Chinese also emphasize hierarchy within their sinocentric order, where China is at the top of the hierarchy. In contrast, Koreans reject the sinocentric East Asian regional order and emphasize equality in diplomatic relations in East Asia. This rejection leads to conflict of existential identities, threatening the very meaning of being Korean and Chinese. Koreans and Chinese are seen as engaging in a relationship of negative interdependence, potentially comparable to Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
At the end of World War II, North Korea, aligned with the Soviet bloc, became friendly with the People's Republic of China, while the PRC and the Republic of Korea did not recognize each other. During the Korean War, when China was engaged in war with South Korea and its western allies, efforts through propaganda were placed to intimidate hatred against South Korea, named a "puppet state" of the United States at the time by the PRC government..
From 1992 on, after South Korea's normalization of relations with China, relations with the People's Republic of China gradually improved. Within the Chinese population, Korean art and culture became popular from 2000 onwards. Amid improvements in relations however, there were also looming anti-South Korean sentiments involved in various disputes between the two countries.
In Taiwan.
Within Taiwan, some existing animosity towards Koreans amongst Taiwanese may be present as a result of the rivalry between the two states in relation to baseball. Disputes between Taiwan and Korea in the international sport competition arose numerous times. In November 2010, Taiwanese citizens protested against the disqualification of a Taekwondo athlete at the 2010 Asian Games after a Filipino referee disqualified a Taiwanese fighter, calling for a boycott on South Korean goods.
On 23 August 1992, South Korea's "Nordpolitik" (Northern diplomacy) have made it to establish a diplomatic ties with People's Republic of China after Soviet Union. This resulted in the change in the diplomatic relationship of South Korea with the Republic of China, since it replaced anti-communist foreign policy with an effort to improve relations with other surrounding countries in the sense of geopolitics, including the People's Republic of China, in order to pressure and appease North Korea that eases the political anxiety and softens military tension in the Korean Peninsula and enables the possibility of a peaceful reunification of Korea. As normalization begun, Roh transferred diplomatic recognition from the ROC and PRC, and confiscated the property of the ROC embassy, transferring it to the PRC.
According to an official from the Korean trade office in Taipei, sales of Korean products are not very successful in Taiwan because "the Taiwanese felt very betrayed after Korea severed diplomatic ties with Taiwan and reestablished ties with China in 1992, because the people of Taiwan had seen Korea as an ally in the fight against Communism... Now because the two countries have similar export-oriented economies and focus on the same business sectors, the Taiwanese see Korea as a great rival, and think that losing to Korea would be the end of Taiwan."
In June 2012, CEO of Foxconn Terry Gou stated that he had "great esteem for Japanese (businessmen), especially those who are able to disagree with you in person and not stab you in the back, unlike the "Gaoli bangzi" (a racial slur for Koreans)", sparking controversy.
In Japan.
Historically, relations between Japan and Korea have been poor.
During the Joseon Dynasty, Wokou pirate raids on Korean soil were frequent, and so there has been general discontent for either side for a long span of time as a result, which would eventually form the basis of hatred between the two sides. Such tensions built up further after the Japanese annexation of Korea in 1910.
During the 1923 Great Kanto Earthquake, widespread damage occurred in a region with a significant Korean population, and much of the local Japanese overreacted to rumors which spread after the earthquake. Within the aftermath of the event, there was a common perception amongst groups of far-right Japanese that ethnic Koreans were poisoning wells, eventually setting off a killing rampage against Koreans, where Japanese would use the shibboleth of "ba bi bu be bo" (ばびぶべぼ) to distinguish ethnic Koreans from Japanese, as it was assumed that Koreans would be unable to pronounce the line correctly, instead as . All people who failed the test were killed, which caused many ethnic Chinese and Ryukyuans, also unable to correctly pronounce the shibboleth, to be indiscriminately killed in large numbers. Other shibboleths used were "jū-go-en, go-ji-ssen" (15円 50銭) and "gagigugego" (がぎぐげご), where Japanese people pronounce initial "g" as and medial "g" as (such a distinction is dying out in recent years), whereas Koreans pronounce the two sounds as and respectively.
Much of the anti-Korean sentiment present today however deal with contemporary attitudes. During the 2002 FIFA World Cup, Japanese and Korean supporters clashed with one another, while Japanese media reported the conduct of Korean spectators in a negative fashion. Both sides were also known to post racist messages against each other on online bulletins. There were also disputes regarding how the event was to be hosted, as a result of the rivalry between the two nations. The territorial dispute over Liancourt Rocks also fuels outrage within far-right groups. Manga Kenkanryu (often referred to as "Hating the Korean Wave") by Sharin Yamano discusses these issues while making many other arguments and claims against Korea.
Zainichi Koreans in Japan are also publicly perceived to be a nuisance and are seen as likely to cause trouble and start riots, a view shared by former Tokyo Governor Shintaro Ishihara. A Zainichi organisation, Chongryon, is commonly accused of providing funding and material to North Korea and indoctrinating the Zainichi Korean population to actively hate Japan.
Right-wing groups in Japan today still commonly target ethnic Koreans living within Japan. One such group, known as Zaitokukai, is organized be members on the internet, and is known to be responsible for leading street demonstrations against Korean schools.
There is also much concern in Japan regarding North Korea and its nuclear and long-range missile capabilities, as a result of missile tests in 1993, 1998 and 2006 and an underground nuclear test in 2006. There are also controversies regarding North Korean abductions of Japanese, where Japanese citizens were abducted by North Korean agents between 1977 and 1983.
The Korean wave, or the exportation of South Korean pop culture, has created some resentment among pockets of Japanese society. Right wing nationalist groups in Japan have organized anti-Korean wave demonstrations via 2channel. On 9 August 2011, more than 2,000 protesters demonstrated in front of Fuji TV's headquarters in Odaiba, Tokyo against the broadcasting of Korean dramas. Earlier, in July 2011, well-known actor Sousuke Takaoka was fired from his agency, Stardust Promotion, for tweeting against the influx of Korean soaps. The general perception of Koreans on 2channel is negative, and board members often reference stereotypes of Koreans, such as the use of dogs in Korean cuisine.
There are some efforts to create mutual understanding and friendship between people in two countries from dialogue, cultural exchange, and education.
In Mongolia.
Some South Korean men take sex tourism trips to Mongolia, often as clients of South Korean-run businesses in Mongolia, has also sparked anti-Korean sentiment among Mongolians, and is said to be responsible for the increasing number of assaults on South Korean nationals in the country.
In the Philippines.
The participation of conscripted Korean soldiers serving under the Japanese Empire's flag in the Japanese occupation of the Philippines in the World War II has caused some Filipinos, especially those from the older generations, to associate the Koreans with atrocities committed during the war. 
In the recent years, there has been an increasing number of Koreans migrating to the Philippines. Although Koreans are generally welcomed to the country there has been some concerns. One concern is that many Korean migrants refuse to fully assimilate. Koreans continue to prefer to consume Korean products even if a local counterpart is available. It was reported that tour operators in Cebu doesn't benefit from Korean tourist because they are bared by Korean companies thus that only Korean travel agencies solely benefits from the tourist market. There has been complaints of rowdy behavior by Koreans in the country and Koreans are the number one violator of immigration laws according to the Philippine Bureau of Immigration.
In the former Soviet Union.
During the era of the Soviet Union, ethnic Koreans in the Russian Far East were subject to deportations under the national delimitation policy, with the majority of Koreans relocating to Soviet republics in Central Asia.
The deportation was preceded by a typical Soviet scenario of political repression: falsified trials of local party leaders accused of insurrection, accusations of plans of the secession of the Far Eastern Krai, local party purges, and articles in "Pravda" about the Japanese espionage in the Far East.
The resettlement plans were revived with new vigor in August 1937, ostensibly with the purpose of suppressing "the penetration of the Japanese espionage into the Far Eastern Krai". This time, however, the direction of resettlement was westward, to Soviet Central Asia. From September to October 1937, more than 172,000 of Soviet Koreans were deported from the border regions of the Russian Far East to Kazakh SSR and Uzbek SSR (the latter including Karakalpak ASSR).
In the United States.
The majority of resentment against Koreans in the United States and much of the western world is only in regards to North Korea, although there have also been minor historical incidents.
During the Korean War, the United States fought a bloody war to assist South Korea from communist invasion. Since the war, the common perception of North Korea is that of an oppressive state. Anti-communist propaganda in the United States, as well as allied countries such as South Korea.
Following heavy re-militarization and a series of missile tests, Americans were made to fear a possible attack by a "rogue state" such as North Korea. In United States President George W. Bush's State of the Union Address on January 29, 2002, he described North Korea as a part of the "Axis of evil". Following the Nuclear program of North Korea and subsequent 2006 North Korean nuclear test, the United States imposed UN sanctions on North Korea. These economic sanctions are very unlikely to be lifted by the United States due to North Korea's incompliance to the Six-party talk agreements.
The Los Angeles riots of 1992 were partially based on Anti-Korean sentiment. Ice Cube's song "Black Korea" which would later be accused of inciting racism was written in response to the death of 15-year old African-American Latasha Harlins, who was shot and killed by Korean-American store owner Soon Ja Du on March 16, 1991, as well as the preponderance of Korean grocery stores in primarily black neighborhoods. The event resulted in mass ransacking and destruction of Korean-American owned stores in Los Angeles by groups of young African-Americans.
Derogatory terms.
There are a variety of derogatory terms referring to Korea. Many of these terms are viewed as racist. However, these terms do not necessarily refer to the Korean people as a whole; they can also refer to specific policies, or specific time periods in history.

</doc>
<doc id="19227111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227111" title="Coins of the Rupiah">
Coins of the Rupiah

Indonesian rupiah coinage was first issued in 1951 and 1952, a year or so later than the first Indonesian rupiah banknotes printed following the peace treaty with The Netherlands, agreed in November 1949. Although revolutionary currency had been issued in by the provisional Republic of Indonesia between the declaration of independent on 17 August 1945 and 1949, it had all been formed of paper, metal being far too scarce for the internationally isolated government to use as currency.
Due to high inflation in the late 1950s and early 1960s, no coins were minted after 1961, and that which remainied in circulation was effectively worthless.
A devalued 'new rupiah' was issued in an attempt to tame inflation in 1965, with banknotes in denominations all the way from 1 sen (1 cent) up to 100 rupiah - no coins were struck at this time. By 1971, however, the economy, and inflation, under Suharto's New Order was stable, and coinage was once again issued, in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 25 and 50 rupiah, with 100 rupiah added two years later. Due to inflation, the current coinage now consists of 25, 50, 100, 200, 500 and 1000 rupiah, although older 1 rupiah coins remain officially legal tender for completeness.
Unlike coinage of the Netherlands Indian gulden (which in higher denominations were made of silver or gold), circulating rupiah coinage has always been formed of base metal.
Sen coinage of the rupiah 1951–1961.
For the first couple of years until sufficient coins had been issued, government sen notes were circulated, of 10, 25 and 50 sen denominations. No lower denominations were printed, but the old bronze Netherlands Indies gulden coins of 1/2, 1 and 2½ sen remained as legal tender (higher denominations, starting from 1/20 gulden (5 sen) had been silver, with greater intrinsic metal value).
Coinage, issued in 1951 and 1952 and from then until 1961, replaced the notes as sufficient coinage entered circulation. Under Indonesian law originally enacted by the Dutch, issue of money below 5 rupiah (in Dutch times gulden), was the responsibility of the government, and hence all coins bore the name of Indonesia, rather than the central bank.
The denominations were 1, 5, 10, 25 and 50 sen. The 1 and 5 sen coins had centre holes, similar to the old copper coins of the Dutch, while the other coins were solid. All were aluminium except the 50 sen, which was copper-nickel. 1 sen coins were effectively worthless, and only a token number of 100,000 were minted, all dated 1952. 5 sen coins were more useful and were also minted dated 1954, as was the 10 sen.
From 1954, Indonesia began to eliminate use of Malay Arabic script (Jawi), which had been a feature of the coins of the Netherlands Indies as well as of past Islamic sultanates in the archipelago. The 50 sen coin was the first to be changed, with the Arabic text simply removed from the coin for its 1954-dated minting.
The 25 sen was the next to have the Arabic removed, with "INDONESIA" replacing its Jawi equivalent for the second minting of the coin, dated 1955 (the 50 sen was also minted that year).
Inflation meant that the smallest denomination to be minted after 1954 was the 10 sen, which likewise had Arabic removed from its reverse for its third minting, 1957; 25 and 50 sen coins were also minted in 1957.
After 1957, the cupro-nickel 50 sen was debased to aluminium, the same metal as the lower denomination coins (which were never minted again). As a result of this, the 50 sen, previously the heaviest, but second-smallest coin - slightly larger than the 1 sen, was now the largest coin in circulation (albeit lighter than its predecessor).
25 Rupiah Gold Coin.
A variation of the 1952 50 sen coin was issued in gold with an official value of 25 rupiah (although no value on the coin). The coin varied from the 50-sen by featuring the logo "BEKERDJA-MENABUNG-MEMBANGUN" and the Garuda emblem instead of the year and denomination. Like the other 1951–1952 coins, this one has the mintmark of Utrecht.
Rupiah coinage of the Indonesian Rupiah: 1971 onwards.
1971–1973: reintroduction of coins to Indonesia.
With the raging inflation of the 1960s very much under control at this point, coin issuing resumed after a 10 year hiatus, and coins were issued on January 1, 1971, of denominations 1, 2 and 5 rupiah, all in aluminium. 10, 25, and 50 rupiah coins were added, in cupro-nickel, on 5 April 1971. The coins featured on the obverse 'Bank Indonesia' a large '1' with 'rupiah' underneath and the year '1970' (1, 2, and 5 rupiah) or '1971' (10, 25, 50 rupiah). 
The reverse of the coins showed "Rp 1", "Rp 5", "Rp 10", "Rp 25", "Rp 50", plus various designs: White-browed Fantail (1rp), rice and cotton stalk (2rp), Black Drongo bird (5rp), rice and cotton stalk with Indonesian wording "TINGKATKAN PRODUKSI SANDANG PANGAN" ("increase the product of clothing and food") (10rp), Victoria Crowned Pigeon (25rp), and Greater Bird of Paradise (50rp). The final mintages of these coins were: 136 million (1 rupiah), 139 million (2 rupiah), 448 million (5 rupiah), 286 million (10 rupiah), 1.22 billion (25 rupiah) and 1 billion (50 rupiah).
The 10 rupiah coin was issued as part of the UN Food and Agriculture Organization coins and medals program,[http://fao-coins.info] an international issue by ultimately 114 countries. A variety of coin sets were sold to coin collectors in order to raise money for the UN's food program. In addition to the sale to collectors, the vast majority of the 10 rupiah coins were used within Indonesia - in addition to some rarer coins (none of which were issued in Indonesia) the FAO wanted low denomination circulating coinage that called for increasing food production.
At the time the exchange rate was 378 rupiah to the US$, so the smallest coin was worth approximately 1/4 of a US cent (note however that the 1 and 2 rupiah coins were never reissued, and hence the 5 rupiah coin was shortly to become the smallest denomination). 
The coin selection was extended with a '1973'-dated cupro-nickel 100 rupiah coin of large size showing a Minangkabau tribal house, which was issued on 2 January 1974, at which time the coin was worth about US$0.24. A total of 913 million of these coins were minted, some of which are still found in circulation today.
As a result of the successful reestablishment of coinage in Indonesia, notes below 100 rupiah were withdrawn in Indonesia permanently from September 1, 1975 (at which point the exchange rate was fixed at 415 rupiah to the dollar, hence the largest denomination banknote to be withdrawn, the 50 rupiah note, was worth around US$0.10).
1974: coin redesigns.
The 5 rupiah aluminium coin was revised dated 1974, the obverse changing only the date, but the reverse depicting the logo of KB ('Keluarga Berencana', aka family planning', a movement first established by the Indonesian government in 1970), i.e. a 2-parent, 2-child family with rice and cotton stalk and letters KB, with the text 'KELUARGA BERENCANA' ('family planning') 'MENUJU KESEJAHTERAAN RAKYAT' ('for the welfare of the people'). 448 million were minted.
The 10 rupiah was enlarged substantially dated 1974, with the composition changed to brass-clad steel, with the obverse unchanged, and the reverse changed to show the symbol of Tabanas, the government's 1970-established national savings scheme, and the slogan 'MENABUNG UNTUK MENUNJUNGAN PEMBANGUNAN' ('save to support development') 223 million were minted.
Both of these coins were also sold to collectors as part of UN FAO sets.
1978–1979: Updated coinage.
The 1973 100 rupiah was given an updated reverse design in 1978, reading 'FOREST FOR WELFARE' '1978' and a forest motif. The coin was also made thinner, although its dimensions did not change. This was the fourth and final Indonesian FAO coin.
The 1974 5 rupiah, meanwhile, was updated '1979', issued from March 1980, retaining its family planning message, but adding a circular decoration to both reverse and obverse of the coin, and being shrunk in size from 3.0 to 1.4 grams, presumably to cut the cost of production. 413 million coins were minted dated 1978, while 5 million were later issued dated 1995 and 1996.
The 1974 10 rupiah was similarly updated with decoration to '1979', enlarged with the composition changed to aluminium. 286 million were minted with this date. No 10 rupiah coins have since been issued.
1991: Updated coinage.
From 1979, no new coin designs were made in Indonesia until 1991. For new coinage, the old style of a large number was replaced instead with the national Garuda Pancasila logo, with the year and "BANK INDONESIA" in smaller text below the emblem.
A 25 rupiah coin dated 1991 in aluminium, with images of nutmeg and its Indonesian text 'buah pala' and "Rp 25" on the reverse, was the smallest coin to be revised. The same coin was also minted 1992–1996, with mintages each year of 30, 64, 20, 250, 185, and 5 million. No 25 rupiah coins have been issued since 1996.
50 rupiah (backed with a komodo dragon and text 'komodo' was issued in aluminium-bronze, dated 1991, and later 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997 and 1998. Mintages were 67, 120, 300, then 590 million, then 150,000 each year.
The 100 rupiah, also aluminium-bronze was inscribed with an octagon, featuring the reverse design of running bulls with the text "karapan sapi" (bull racing). The coin was minted 1991 through 1998, with respective mintages of 94, 120, 300, 550, 799, 41, 150, and 56 million.
A 500 rupiah coin, also in aluminium-bronze, became the first new coin denomination since 1973, with a value at issue of around US$0.20. The coin depicted on its reverse the jasmine flower with the text "bunga melati". This coin was minted dated 1991 and 1992, with mintages of 71 million then 100 million.
1993: 1000 rupiah coin introduced.
1993 extended the range of coin denominations, adding 1000 rupiah, then worth around US$0.40 a bimetallic coin of copper-nickel and aluminium-bronze. This coin depicts an oil palm 'kelapa sawit', and was minted 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997 and 2000.
1997–1998: Coin revisions.
The 500 rupiah coin was updated '1997' with a smaller jasmine leaf above a large central '500' with smaller lower 'rupiah', and the same aluminium-bronze material. The coin was minted dated 1997, 2000, 2001, 2002 and 2003. 
The next coin design, was '1999' 50 rupiah coin, which was struck in aluminium showing the Black-naped Oriole. As with the 500 rupiah, the reverse of the coin has a larger numerical denomination. Dates are 1999, 2001, 2002, and 2003.
The 100 rupiah coin was also altered in the same manner to aluminium from '1999', depicting the palm cockatoo. Mint dates are each year from 1999 through 2005.
2003: Coin revisions.
The last coin revisions in Indonesia are of 2003.
The 200 rupiah coin in aluminium, depicting the Bali Starling 'jalak bali' was introduced as a new denomination in the same style as the 50 and 100 rupiah coins, dated '2003', while the jasmine 500 rupiah coin was again redesigned, with its metal changed to aluminium and its size enlarged.
Circulating coinage of the Indonesian Rupiah.
There are presently two series of coins in circulation: aluminium bronze and bi-metallic coins from 1991–1998 and light-weight aluminium coins from 1999 onwards. Due to the low value and general shortage of small denomination coins (below 100 rupiah), it is common to receive sweets in lieu of the last few rupiah of change in supermarkets and stores. The 1 rupiah coin is officially legal tender for completeness' sake, but is not circulated as it is effectively worthless.
Commemorative coins.
Although circulating coins in Indonesia have never been made from precious metals, a number of special issues have been made since coins were reintroduced to Indonesia in 1970 from either silver or gold. As commemorative coins, they were all sold above their intrinsic value, and also above their nominal value. 
All the coins struck are proof coinage, with the exception of the WWF 1974 coinage which were issued in non-proof 50% silver, and proof and non-proof gold.
36,000 gold pieces of the 1952 50 sen were minted that year, with the obverse design replaced with the Garuda Pancasila and text "INDONESIA" "BERKERDJA MENABUNG MEMBANGUN".
With the exception of the WWF and Save the Children issues, which are in good supply, most of the coins are relatively scarce and command good premiums to their bullion value.
The following issues have been made:

</doc>
<doc id="19227112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227112" title="Inflanty">
Inflanty

Inflanty is the Polish name for Livonia.
Inflanty may also refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="19227114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227114" title="Banknotes of the Rupiah">
Banknotes of the Rupiah

The first paper money used in the Indonesian archipelago was that of the United East Indies Company, credit letters of the rijksdaalder dating between 1783 and 1811. Netherlands Indian gulden government credit paper followed in 1815, and from 1827 gulden notes of De Javasche Bank. Lower denominations (below 5 gulden) were issued by the government in 1919–1920 and 1939–1940, due to wartime metal shortages, but otherwise day-to-day transactions were conducted using coinage.
Gulden notes were issued by 'The Japanese Government' during the occupation from 1942, becoming 'roepiah' in 1943.
The first truly Indonesian rupiah notes, however were issued in 1946, during the war of independence with the Dutch, following the unilateral declaration of independence by the Indonesians at the end of World War Two on 17 August 1945. This money is known as 'Oeang Republik Indonesia' ('oeang' being the old spelling of 'uang', in English 'money').
Following the negotiated peace treaty in The Hague of 1949, the 'ORI' was withdrawn, to be replaced by an internationally recognised 'Indonesian rupiah'.
The Indonesian rupiah has been subject to numerous devaluations, and in 1965 existing paper was withdrawn, replaced by a new currency at the rate of 1000 to 1.
Oeang Republik Indonesia.
Series 1, '1945'.
The first 'Indonesian rupiah' bank notes bore the date of the proclamation on new Indonesian money, 17 October 1945, under the authority of the "Republik Indonesia", and were apparently intended for issue on February 1, 1946, but due to the capture of most of the notes, only a tiny number escaped at this time.
The circulation began in earnest in Java from October 10, 1946. The notes were in denominations of 1, 5, and 10 sen notes, plus ½, 1, 5, 10, and 100 rupiah notes.
Series 2, '1 January 1947'.
The second series of money now emanated from 'Djokjakarta', the Republic's base following the 'Police Action' of July 21, 1947, which had confined the Republicans to Yogyakarta and Central Java. The notes were dated January 1, 1947, in denominations of 5, 10, 25, and 100 rupiah.
Series 3, '26 July 1947'.
The next new issue was dated 26 July 1947, and consisted of ½, 2½, 25, 50, 100, and 250 rupiah notes.
Series 4, '23 August 1948'.
New notes were issued by the national government in 1948, in the bizarre denominations of 40, 75, 100, and 400 rupiah, plus an unissued 600 rupiah note.
On 19 December 1948, the Dutch seized Yogyakarta, reverting the head office of the Republic's central bank, Bank Negara Indonesia, back to De Javasche Bank, with DJB offices also reopened in Surakarta and Kediri.
It was planned in 1949 to revalue the national rupiah notes of the republic (which were at this time circulating in Java). To do this, "Rupiah Baru" ('new rupiah') notes were printed. This revaluation did not take place in Java, but some were issued in Aceh instead. The denominations printed were 10 sen (blue or red), ½ (green or red), 1 (purple or green), 10 (black or brown), 25, and 100 rupiah.
Regional Issues.
In addition to the 'national' (but restricted in practice to the central republican enclave in Java) notes, the republican authorities, in order to discourage the circulation of Dutch money, instructed regional commanders in areas that the national money couldn't reach, to issue their own money, to be unified after full independence.
Java.
The notes issued in Java generally featured text, a signature, and a serial number, all issued on low-grade paper without modern security features such as watermarks, and demonstrated few similarities between areas. Only in a few areas did the notes have any pictures on them.
Sumatra.
As with the Java notes, the Sumatran notes are all primitive lacking security feature printed on poor-quality paper. In most cases they have some kind of artwork.
The following notes are known to have been printed:
The following notes were all issued by the 'Governor of Sumatra' in Bukittinggi:
1950 onwards: Indonesian independence recognised.
1950–1952: Gulden/roepiah notes.
Low denomination notes.
The Dutch treasury had in 1947 issued Indonesian language 10 sen and 25 sen notes. Due to the initial lack of coinage and due to their relatively republic-friendly design, the Indonesian government saw it as expedient to continue to print these notes, and authorised their issue until such time as coinage had been minted, and in sufficient quantity to replace them.
De Javasche Bank notes.
The peace settlement with the Dutch, negotiated in The Hague in November 1949, had kept De Javasche Bank as the central bank in Indonesia, hence the first notes that were issued for the post-independence rupiah bore its imprint. It was decided that the existing De Javasche Bank money dated 1946 would simply be revised in colour, with the 5 gulden note changing from purple to red and green, the 10 gulden from green to purple, and 25 gulden from red to green. In addition, 50 gulden, 100 gulden, 500 gulden, and 1000 gulden notes were added, still dated 1946.
Because there were existing 10 and 25 sen notes (which remained as legal tender and continued to be printed), a gap existed between the 25 sen Indonesia and 5 gulden De Javasche Bank notes. This was filled with notes of 1/2 rupiah, 1 rupiah, and 2½ rupiah, all dated 1948. The notes in wording were similar to the notes of 5 gulden and up, but the Indonesian text ('roepiah') placed above Dutch ('gulden').
The notes were all printed by Johan Enschede en Zonen, the Dutch printer.
Republik Indonesia Serikat money.
The "Republik Indonesia Serikat" passed legislation on June 2, 1950 to allow it to issue new treasury notes, which were dated 1 January 1950 in 5 and 10 rupiah denominations. This was not long-lasting, as the RIS dissolved on 17 August 1950 (5 years after the original declaration of independence).
The notes were printed by Thomas De La Rue of England and had the date '1 January 1950' printed on the note.
Nationalization of De Javasche Bank: first Republik Indonesia banknotes.
With the nationalization of De Javasche Bank via the Emergency Act of 1951, it was decreed that the government would be able to issue notes of 1 and 2½ rupiah denominations. Thus, 'Republik Indonesia' notes dated 1951 were issued in 1 and 2½ rupiah denominations.
Formation of Bank Indonesia from De Javasche Bank: second Republik Indonesia banknotes.
With the transformation from DJB to Bank Indonesia, the Emergency Act of 1951 was renewed as the Currency Act of 1953, and the 1951 1 and 2½ rupiah government notes were reissued with the signature of the new Minister of Finance dated 1953.
1953–1954: First notes of Bank Indonesia.
Notes featuring the new name of the nationalised De Javasche bank - 'Bank Indonesia' - were prepared dated 1952, in denominations of 5, 10, 25, 50, 100, 500, and 1000 rupiah, signed by Indra Kasoema as Director, and Sjafruddin Prawiranegara as Governor. The notes began circulating from July 1953 to November 1954 depending on denomination.
Despite the new notes, which meant that paper bearing the name of DJB was no longer printed, the DJB notes dated '1946', and in fact circulating since 1950, remained legal tender right up to the 'new rupiah' of 1965 (which invalidated ALL previous money at that point), although some old DJB notes were repealed, as follows:
The few Netherlands Indies government notes (all low denomination) still legal tender were repealed as follows:
1954 brought a redesign of the Indonesian government 1 and 2½ rupiah notes, which were re-dated with the new Minister of Finance's signature in 1956.
1958–1959 Animals series - Second Series of Banknotes of Bank Indonesia.
In 1957, governor of Bank Indonesia Sjafruddin Prawiranegara commissioned a new series of notes from English printer, Thomas De La Rue & Co. However, Syafruddin's involvement with PRRI meant that he was replaced in January 1958 as governor by Loekman Hakim. Specimens were produced in denominations of 5, 10, 25, 50, 100, 500, 1000, and 5000 rupiah, and the first of these to be brought into circulation were the 100 and 1000 rupiah notes, in 1958, due to the counterfeiting of these denominations of the 1952 series (the counterfeit notes can be distinguished by the wavy line watermark being printed onto the paper rather than a true watermark).
The issue of the notes was interrupted somewhat by a devaluation of August 24, 1959, with 500 (tiger) and 1000 (elephant) rupiah notes devalued to 50 (crocodile) and 100 rupiah (squirrel) in September 1959. The 2500 and 5000 rupiah notes were deemed unnecessary thanks to the devaluation. The 2500 rupiah note was eventually issued three years later due to continued high inflation, while the 5000 rupiah was never issued. The 10 and 25 rupiah notes were only circulated for 3 days, although they remained legal tender, and are today extremely rare.
In addition to the 8 notes designed, Loekman commissioned a new note, of 2500 rupiah. Apart from the 100 and 1000 rupiah notes, the remaining high denomination note, the 500 rupiah, was released on 6 January 1959.
1959: First Indonesian-designed notes, the 'handicrafts' series.
8 September 1959 brought the first purely Indonesian-designed notes, issued by state printers Pertjetakan Kebajoran, of 5 and 100 rupiah notes (see full 'handicrafts' section below for full details).
1960: Thomas De La Rue flowers and birds banknotes.
Yet another series of notes, the 'flowers' series was issued by Bank Indonesia in 1960 (showing flowers on the obverse and birds on the reverse), and dated January 1, 1959, but issued in 1960. These notes were printed by Thomas De La Rue & Co. Ltd., England.
1960–1961: Government banknotes.
A new design for the 1 and 2½ rupiah government notes was issued in 1960 showing agricultural workers, also re-dated with the new Minister of Finance's signature 1961.
1961–1964: Complete handicrafts series.
The Indonesian-printed handicrafts series replaced the TDLR notes in 1961 and 1962, with all denominations 5 to 1000 rupiah in issue.
Due to inflation, the TDLR 2500 rupiah note of 'animals' design was finally issued in September 1962, becoming then the top denomation. A further response to inflation came with the issue of a 1958-dated 5000 rupiah (brown) note in October 1963. By August 1964, it was necessary to add a 10,000 rupiah note (in red), and dated '1964', completing the manual workers series.
1965: Updates to the crafts notes.
In 1965, amid soaring inflation, all of the notes, with the exception of the bottom 5 rupiah and the 500 rupiah note of the handicrafts series were revised and re-issued, some more than once.
1965–1968: First series of banknotes ('Soekarno') of the 'new rupiah'.
The hyperinflation of the early 1960s resulted in the pronouncement of the 'new rupiah' supposedly worth 1,000 of the old rupiah.
The withdrawal of the old money meant the issue of an entirely new set of banknotes, by Presidential decree of 13 December 1965. The decree authorised Bank Indonesia to issue fractional notes for the first time (although the 1 and 2½ rupiah notes were still issued by the government itself), in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 25, and 50 sen showing 'Volunteers', dated 1964. Due to the fact that the rupiah was only devalued about 10, rather than 1000 times, they were worthless on issue, and many millions of notes never entered circulation.
The remaining notes all featured President Soekarno on the obverse, and various dancers on the reverse; this series was issued by 'Republik Indonesia' in 1 and 2½ rupiah, dated 1964, and Bank Indonesia dated 1960, in 5, 10, 25, 50, and 100 rupiah were issued ('1960'-dated Bank Indonesia notes of 5, 10, and 100 rupiah were already circulating in Irian Barat and Riau, along with '1961'-dated 'Republik Indonesia notes of 1 and 2½ rupiah in those same places); the notes from 500 to 10,000 rupiah were deemed unnecessary due to the devaluation.
To complete the devaluation, older notes (largely worthless by this point) were withdrawn over 1965–1966.
By 1967, due to the limited nature of the devaluation, it had proved necessary to add 500 and 1,000 rupiah notes, in the same design.
1968–1970: Second series of banknotes ('Sudirman') of the 'new rupiah'.
By 1968 the Suharto New Order had been established, and Bank Indonesia, as of 1968 was given sole right to issue banknotes (including notes below 5 rupiah) as well as coins (which had previously been the issue of the central government).
Hence, the new issue of banknotes 1 to 1,000rp, dated 1968, were all eminating from Bank Indonesia. The notes featured the revolutionary hero General Sudirman, backed by various scenes of industry. The notes were issued in 1968 and 1969. In 1970, notes of the same theme (but a different watermark) were added in 5,000 and 10,000 rupiah denominations, thus restoring notes to the same denominations that had been circulating prior the 1965 devaluation
Diponegoro series (unissued).
A new series of notes, which now started only at 100 rupiah (then US$0.24), was designed with a Diponegoro theme in 1971 (but undated); however, this series was never issued, although the 1000 rupiah note, with date added, was issued in 1976 (see below), and the reverse of the 5000 rupiah was also used for the 1976 5000 rupiah, but with a new obverse design.
This aborted note series was the last in Indonesia to have a consistent theme, although new notes typically retained the same colour as old ones of the same denomination.
1976–1978: Banknote series 3 of the new rupiah.
Due to counterfeiting of the Sudirman notes, the 1,000, 5,000 and 10,000 rupiah notes were all re-designed, dated 1975, and issued in 1976. The Sudirman notes of 1000 rupiah and above were withdrawn as legal tender as of 1 September 1977.
Redesigns of the 100 and 500 rupiah notes followed in 1978, thereby completing the third series of notes to be issued since the 1965 devaluation.
1979–1982: Banknote Series 4 of the new rupiah.
The first note to be replaced was again the top 10,000 rupiah note (by then worth approximately US$16), in 1979. Further redesigned notes followed in all denominations except the 100 rupiah, in 1980 and 1982.
1985–1988: Banknote series 5 of the new rupiah.
The 100 rupiah note dating from 1977 was finally replaced in 1985; replacement notes of all denominations followed in 1985, 1987 and 1988.
1992: series six banknotes of the new rupiah.
1992 saw a complete overhaul of all denominations of notes for the first time since 1968. In addition, a new top denomation, 20,000 rupiah note was added, with a US$ value of approximately $10 at the time. This was the first new denomination of the 'new rupiah' since the 10,000 rupiah had been issued in April 1970 (then worth about US$26). From this issue forwards, Indonesian notes have carried in small text in the note border the year of printing; the most conspicuous date on the note is still the date of authority (e.g., "Direksi 1992").
1993: Soeharto commemorative 50,000 rupiah.
In 1993 a 50,000 rupiah (approx US$22) note celebrating "25 Years of Development" in polymer with hologram, limited to five million, and in a presentation pack explaining the 25-year growth plan since 1969 were printed, priced at double face value: 100,000 rupiah. The design featured Soeharto on the front and Soekarno-Hatta airport on the back, with a plane taking off to symbolise Indonesia's growth. However, it is believed that due to poor sales, that some of the polymer notes, minus the folder, were issued as regularly circulating money. A paper version of similar design was printed in 1993 and 1994.
1995: addition of security thread to top 1992/1993 banknotes.
1995 saw the introduction of the security thread to Indonesian banknotes, a feature on all large (10,000 and above) notes of 'Direksi 1995' and newer. The 1992 20,000 rupiah, and 1993 paper 50,000 notes were the affected notes.
Updates to high denominations; introduction of 100,000 rupiah note.
The high denomination notes, 10,000, 20,000 and 50,000 rupiah were replaced in 1998 and 1999. A new polymer 100,000 rupiah note (by then only worth about US$10) was also added, imported from Australia. These notes, which were no longer printed following the introduction of new designs in 2004–2005, are no longer legal tender since 31 December 2008, although they remain exchangeable at Bank Indonesia offices for a further 10 years.
Current series.
Low denomination notes, 2000 and 2001.
The lower denominations, 1,000 and 5,000 rupiah were updated in 2000 and 2001, and continue to be printed today. The previous lowest denominations, 100 and 500 rupiah no longer exist, since the rupiah had fallen in value by 80% since the previous issue of these denominations in 1992.
2004/2005 high denomination note updates.
The 10,000 - 100,000 notes were replaced in 2004 and 2005, with the 100,000 reverting to a locally printed paper design, as the polymer notes proved difficult for bank machines to count; all the notes were given better anti-forgery devices.
New 2,000 rupiah note.
After several delays, following an initial announcement that the 2000 rupiah note would replace the 1000 rupiah as lowest denomination, the new denomination, 2000 rupiah was finally officially released, to circulate alongside the lower denomination, in July 2009.
Revised 10,000 rupiah note.
On July 20, 2010, the 2005 issue 10,000 rupiah note was revised, featuring the same theme but with a colour change to better distinguish it from the 100,000 rupiah note. Several changes were also made to the note's security features and devices.
Revised 20,000, 50,000, and 100,000 rupiah notes.
On August 1, 2011, in commemoration of Youth Pledge Day, Bank Indonesia issued newly designed banknotes denominated in 20,000-, 50,000-, and 100,000-rupiah, although they bear no special commemorative text or images. The new notes have enhanced security features including "rainbow printing" and new codes for the sight impaired.

</doc>
<doc id="19227119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227119" title="Gregorio Benito">
Gregorio Benito

Gregorio "Goyo" Benito Rubio (born 31 October 1946 in El Puente del Arzobispo, Toledo, Castile-La Mancha) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Club career.
After practicing track and field in his early teens, inclusively being national javelin throw champion at school level, Benito signed for La Liga powerhouse Real Madrid in the 1963 summer, aged nearly 17. After two years on loan to neighbouring Rayo Vallecano, in Segunda División (his second being cut short as he was called for military service in Sidi Ifni), he returned to his main club, remaining there for the following 14 seasons and winning six leagues and five Spanish Cups.
In 1982, after just 16 league appearances in his last two seasons combined, Benito retired from football at the age of 35. He amassed Real Madrid official totals of 420 games and three goals.
International career.
Benito earned 22 caps for Spain, during roughly seven years. His debut was on 9 May 1971 in a 2–0 win in Cyprus for the UEFA Euro 1972 qualifiers, but he would never take part in any major international tournament, as the national team failed to qualify for any during that timeframe.
Additionally, Benito represented the nation at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico, playing in all the matches for the eventual quarterfinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19227125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227125" title="Floating craps">
Floating craps

The term floating craps refers to an illegal operation of the dice game craps. The term 'floating' refers to the practice of the game's operators using portable tables and equipment to quickly move the game from location to location to stay ahead of the law enforcement authorities.
The term may have originated in the 1930s when Benny Binion (later known for founding the downtown Las Vegas hotel Binions) set up an illegal craps game utilizing tables created from portable crates for Texas's Centennial celebration.
In the 1950s and 60s the The Sands Hotel in Las Vegas had an actual (legal) craps table that floated in the swimming pool to play off the notoriety of the term.
The 1950 Broadway play "Guys and Dolls" features a major plot point revolving around a floating craps game.

</doc>
<doc id="19227126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227126" title="Bambarakanda Falls">
Bambarakanda Falls

Bambarakanda Falls (also known as Bambarakele Falls) is the tallest waterfall in Sri Lanka. With a height of , it ranks as the 299th highest waterfall in the world. Situated in Kalupahana in the Badulla District, this waterfall is 5km away from the A4 Highway. The waterfall was formed by Kuda Oya, which is a branch of the Walawe River. The Bambarakanda Falls can be found in a forest of pine trees.

</doc>
<doc id="19227130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227130" title="Henry Ernest Boote">
Henry Ernest Boote

Henry Ernest Boote (1865-1949) was an Australian editor, journalist, propagandist, poet, and fiction writer.
Biography.
Born in Liverpool, England, 20 May 1865, Boote began working as an apprentice to a printer at the age of ten before emirating to Australia in 1889. That same year he married Mary Jane Paingdestre, and began working in Brisbane as a compositor. He was an inspired trade unionist and became involved in the Queensland labour movement, writing articles and propagandist from a socialist slant. In 1894, the Australian Labour Federation posted Boote to Bundaberg as editor of the "Bundaberg Guardian". In 1896 he moved to Gympie, where he established a paper called "The Gympie Truth", and in 1902 became editor of "The Worker" in Brisbane. He was also the founding editor of "The Queensland Worker" (1902–11), and "The Australian Worker" (1914–43) Boote was a friend and associate of Prime Ministers Andrew Fisher, James Scullin, and John Curtin.
Boote died in Rose Bay, New South Wales on 14 August 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19227131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227131" title="HIV/AIDS in Egypt">
HIV/AIDS in Egypt

With less than 1 percent of the population estimated to be HIV-positive, Egypt is a low-HIV-prevalence country. Unsafe behaviors among most-at-risk populations and limited condom use among the general population place Egypt at risk of a broader epidemic. According to the National AIDS Program (NAP), there were 1,155 people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA) in Egypt by the end of 2007. UNAIDS estimates for 2005 were higher, putting the number of HIV-positive Egyptians at 5,300.
Egypt reported its first case of HIV/AIDS in 1986. Among officially reported cases, heterosexual intercourse was the primary mode of transmission (49.1 percent), followed by homosexual intercourse (22.9 percent), renal dialysis (12 percent), and blood transfusion (6.2 percent), according to the NAP in an official report issued in January 2008. Injecting drug use accounted for 2.9 percent of HIV infections and mother-to-child transmission for 1.6 percent; 5.2 percent are from “unknown” causes. Males are four times more likely to have HIV than females, but this may be due to more men being tested than women. Other people likely to be exposed to HIV in Egypt include street children, prisoners, and refugees. Results of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) funded Biological-Behavioral Surveillance Survey, conducted by the Ministry of Health and Population (MOHP), were disseminated in December 2006. The survey targeted street children, female sex workers (FSWs), men who have sex with men (MSM), and injecting drug users (IDUs) and identified a concentrated epidemic among MSM in Alexandria, with a seroprevalence of 6.2 percent.
Egypt still faces several challenges in maintaining low prevalence of HIV/AIDS. There is a general reluctance on the part of the government and civil society to discuss issues related to marginalized groups such as MSM, FSWs, and IDUs. In addition, there are pervasive fears and stigmatization of HIV/AIDS and a lack of effective STI/HIV/AIDS education programs and other preventive measures, such as peer education and outreach and behavior change communications among at-risk groups.
With an estimated tuberculosis (TB) incidence of 11 new cases per 100,000 people, Egypt has relatively low levels of TB according to 2005 data from the World Health Organization. Currently, less than 1 percent of adult TB patients are HIV-positive. However, continued monitoring is necessary because an increase in the incidence of HIV-TB co-infection could add to the complexity of fighting both diseases in Egypt.
National response.
NAP, established within the MOHP in 1986, is the official governmental body responsible for HIV/AIDS prevention. The National Strategic Plan (2006–2010) builds on the successes of the previous five-year plan and is designed to maintain the low prevalence of HIV/AIDS and improve health care services for those infected or affected by the disease. The Plan's objectives are:
Since 2005, the Government of Egypt has become more actively involved in the fight against HIV/AIDS. The government integrated HIV/AIDS into preparatory and secondary school curriculums; established nine mobile (VCT) centers and 14 fixed centers around the country; conducted trainings for physicians and nurses on clinical management and nursing care; and started to provide antiretroviral therapy (ART) for HIV/AIDS patients free of charge. By the end of 2006, according to UNAIDS, 22 percent of HIV-infected women and men were receiving ART.
In 2006, Cairo was the site of a three-day, UNAIDS-supported workshop on HIV/AIDS and drug use in the region. The workshop included representatives of governments, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), and research programs from the Arab countries as well as from Afghanistan, Iran, and Pakistan. The Government of Egypt worked with UNICEF to prevent HIV/AIDS among youth and worked with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to address HIV/AIDS among IDUs.
As of March 2008, Egypt was negotiating a sixth-round grant with the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria to fight the spread of HIV/AIDS.
External links.
Video and Photography Material related to HIV/AIDS in Egypt:

</doc>
<doc id="19227147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227147" title="List of power stations in India">
List of power stations in India

The following lists some of the power stations in India.
Non-renewable.
Nuclear.
Twenty nuclear power reactors operated at seven sites by the Nuclear Power Corporation of India has an installed capacity of 5,780 MW, 2.9% of total installed base.
Thermal Power.
Thermal power is the "largest" source of power in India. There are different types of Thermal power plants based on the fuel used to generate the steam such as coal, gas, Diesel etc. About 75% of electricity consumed in India are generated by thermal power plants.
Coal.
More than 51% of India's commercial energy demand is met through the country's vast coal reserves. Public sector undertaking NTPC and several other state level power generating companies are engaged in operating coal based Thermal Power Plants. Apart from NTPC and other state level operators, some private companies are also operating the power plants. Here is some list of currently operating coal based thermal power plants in India. As on July 31, 2010, and as per the Central Electricity Authority the total installed capacity of Coal or Lignite based power plants in India are 87,093.38 MW.
Gas or Liquid Fuel Based.
As on June 30, 2011, and as per the Central Electricity Authority the total installed capacity of gas based power plants in India is 14,398.57 MW. This accounts for 10% of the total installed capacity.GAIL is the main source of fuel for most of these plants. Here is some list of presently operating plants.
Diesel Based.
As on July 31, 2010, and as per the Central Electricity Authority the total installed capacity of Diesel based power plants in India is 1,199.75 MW. Normally the diesel based power plants are either operated from remote locations or operated to cater peak load demands. Here is some list of presently operating plants.
Renewable.
Hydroelectric.
This is a list of major hydroelectric power plants in India.
Windpower.
India has the world's fifth largest wind power industry, with an installed wind power capacity of 9,587 MW.
India's Largest Wind power production facilities (10MW and greater)

</doc>
<doc id="19227152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227152" title="HIV/AIDS in Papua New Guinea">
HIV/AIDS in Papua New Guinea

Prevalence.
With 1.28 percent of the adult population estimated by UNAIDS to be HIV -positive in 2006, Papua New Guinea has one of the most serious HIV/AIDS epidemics in the Asia-Pacific subregion. Although this new prevalence rate is significantly lower than the 2005 UNAIDS estimate of 1.8 percent, it is considered to reflect improvements in surveillance rather than a shrinking epidemic. Papua New Guinea accounts for 70 percent of the subregion's HIV cases and is the fourth country (after Thailand, Cambodia, and Burma) to be classified as having a generalized HIV epidemic.
Papua New Guinea’s first case of HIV was reported in 1987, and since then, HIV prevalence has risen dramatically. According to UNAIDS, HIV cases in the country have been increasing at a rate of 30 percent annually since 1997. From 2002 on, at least 2,000 new infections have been reported annually. In 2006, for instance, Papua New Guinea had 4,017 new confirmed cases of HIV, a 30 percent increase from 2005. There is a sharp increasing trend in the projected number of new infections, particularly in rural areas. The National AIDS Council (NAC) and National Department of Health of Papua New Guinea estimate that 46,275 people were HIV-positive by the end of 2006.
The mode of transmission of HIV/AIDS in Papua New Guinea is predominantly heterosexual activity, with most cases occurring among people aged 20 to 40, according to a 2006 report by the National AIDS Council Secretariat and National Department of Health. The ratio of HIV-infected women to men is about one to one. Those most at risk include sex workers, their clients, and the partners of clients. In 2006, HIV prevalence of 14 percent was found among female sex workers in Port Moresby, according to UNAIDS. Transactional sex is common, particularly in rural and peri-urban areas, where a 2006 study found that 55 percent of women interviewed had exchanged sex for money, goods, or both, and 36 percent of men had paid for sex. According to the Papua New Guinea Institute of National Affairs, the spread of HIV/AIDS has typically occurred in areas surrounding mining and logging sites as well as along transportation routes. Children under age 18 are particularly vulnerable to HIV/AIDS. UNICEF reports that 10,946 children were HIV-positive, and 9,400 were orphaned by AIDS as of 2005.
A number of factors contribute to Papua New Guinea’s growing HIV epidemic. Papua New Guinea shares an island with Papua, Indonesia, which has the highest HIV prevalence in Indonesia (4 percent) and has close to a third of all Indonesia’s HIV cases. The proximity of Papua New Guinea to a high-prevalence neighboring region is cause for concern. Condom use is low, with only 24 percent of young men and 13 percent of young women in Port Moresby using condoms, according to UNAIDS. Other factors include a high proportion of the population that is of reproductive age and an average age at sexual debut of 15 for both sexes. Risky sexual activities, such as multiple partner relationships, high rates of transactional sex, and sexual violence against women, are common. Knowledge about HIV transmission and prevention is low. High levels of urban migration have broken down traditional methods of social control. The national response to HIV/AIDS is also challenged by the large number of cultural and linguistic groups, geographical difficulties, and socioeconomic conditions associated with poverty and unemployment. Given the current situation, there is a need to address gender aspects, including male roles and the feminization of the epidemic. Stigma and discrimination are also ongoing problems, resulting in families neglecting people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA).
Papua New Guinea has a high tuberculosis (TB) burden, with 111 new cases per 100,000 people in 2005, according to the World Health Organization. In addition, 9.7 percent of adults with TB were co-infected with HIV in 2005. High rates of HIVTB
co-infections increase the difficulty of treating both diseases.
National response.
Papua New Guinea’s national AIDS response has been overseen and coordinated by the National AIDS Council (NAC) since 1997. The Council is a multisectoral committee, comprising representatives of government departments, councils of churches, the National Council of Women, the Chamber of Commerce, nongovernmental organizations, and PLWHA. The Council’s secretariat provides support, running day-to-day operations.
The National Strategic Plan for 2004–2008 focuses on seven priority areas of intervention: treatment, counseling, care, and support; education and prevention; epidemiology and surveillance; social and behavioral change research; leadership, partnership, and coordination; family and community; and monitoring and evaluation. The Plan stresses the importance of expanding access to voluntary counseling and testing services, especially at the district and provincial levels; ensuring the clinical management of opportunistic infections such as TB; and providing antiretroviral therapy (ART) to PLWHA. In 2006, the National AIDS Council finalized the Gender Policy on HIV/AIDS and its implementation plan and a Workplace Policy Tool Kit on HIV/AIDS, currently implemented by private and public sector entities.
In 2004, the Government of Papua New Guinea introduced prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV projects at six hospitals; however, according to UNAIDS, fewer than 3 percent of HIV-positive pregnant women were receiving ART in 2005.
The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria approved Papua New Guinea for a fourth-round grant in 2005 to scale up HIV/AIDS prevention, care, and treatment through an intensified multisectoral community-based program.
National AIDS Council of Papua New Guinea.
The NAC, led by its Secretariat, is responsible for the formulation of policy for the prevention, control and management of HIV and AIDS. The secretariat comprises twenty five members, including eight Program Advisers and sixteen technical and support staff at national level. 
The Secretariat is chaired by Sir Peter Barter, OBE, and its president is Mr Wep Kanawi CSM, OBE.
Performance.
The NAC has been subject to a number of controversies since its inception, all relating to corruption. 
In February 2008, the NAC came under scrutiny when it was alleged that six senior officials, including acting director Romanus Pakure had misappropriated hundreds of thousands of dollars intended for the country’s fight against AIDS. The misappropriation involved falsification of purchase orders, including a stationery order of US$361,000 that never arrived, and officials using money to go on overseas trips.
Pakure, along with the other five senior executives, was suspended pending an investigation into the matter. At the time, Pakure said he welcomed the investigation but questioned the legality of the suspension because he learnt about it in the media before receiving a letter from the Department of Health. 
In March 2009, further allegations of misappropriation of funding emerged. At the time, Chairman Sir Peter Barter said that these matters were being investigated internally and he had written to the ministry of finance and other bodies for assistance.
These issues of corruption have become a notable hindrance to the country’s fight against HIV/AIDS. It was reported in the media in March 2009 that corruption, misappropriation and mismanagement were responsible for two million condoms being left in a warehouse in Port Moresby until well after their expiry dates.
The NAC subsequently underwent a restructuring exercise in order to rid the council of corruption and poor management, which involved the sacking of several employees. In 2011, Wep Kanawi and an Australian adviser to the NAC were, separately, physically attacked as a result of their involvement in the fight against corruption.

</doc>
<doc id="19227166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227166" title="HMS Magic">
HMS Magic

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Magic". A third was planned, but renamed before being launched:

</doc>
<doc id="19227170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227170" title="Sirena (Philippine mythology)">
Sirena (Philippine mythology)

The Sirens of Greek mythology are sometimes portrayed in later folklore as fully aquatic and mermaid-like; the fact that in Spanish, French, Italian, Polish, Romanian, Portuguese and Filipino the word for mermaid is respectively Sirena, Sirène, Sirena, Syrena, Sirenă, Sereia and Sirena and that in biology the Sirenia comprise an order of fully aquatic mammals that includes the dugong and manatee, add to the visual confusion, so that Sirens are even represented as mermaids. However, "the sirens, though they sing to mariners, are not sea-maidens," Harrison had cautioned; "they dwell on an island in a flowery meadow." In the Philippine mythology, the "Sirena" is a mythological aquatic creature with the head and torso of human female and the tail of a fish. The male version of a "Sirena" is called a "Sireno". Sometimes it is also paired with "Siyokoy" (see below). The "Sirena" is an "engkanto" which is classified as one of the "Bantay Tubig" or the guardians of water. In addition to the "Sirena", other examples of "Bantay Tubig" are "Sireno", "Siyokoy", "Kataw" and "Ugkoy". "Bantay Tubig" are part fish, part human water-dwelling "engkantos" which are the Filipino counterpart of the English merfolk. A popular mermaid character in the Philippines is Dyesebel.
It is also said that the "Sirena" has a very beautiful and enchanting voice that can attract and hypnotize males, especially fishermen. A Sirena would sometimes sing to sailors and enchant them, distracting them from their work and causing them to walk off the deck or cause shipwrecks. They would sing with enchanting voices while hiding among the rocks by the shore. When the men hear their song they are hypnotized and the "Sirena" can abduct them. Some old folk traditions claim that the "Sirena" carry its victims under the sea and offer them to their water deities. Other stories claim that the "Sirena" squeezes the life out of drowning men while trying to rescue them.
A malevolent "Sirena" may tease and attract human males with their spellbinding songs; but reports of "Sirena" grabbing the seemingly hypnotized humans and drowning them or taking them under water may only be isolated cases. Either the tempted human had tried to chase the "Sirena" deep into the water until he drowned or he had a heart attack upon seeing such an "engkanto" and plunged literally into the water to his death.
Dugongs, sea turtles, and small cetaceans such as dolphins usually accompany the "Sirena".

</doc>
<doc id="19227171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227171" title="SS Bantam (1930)">
SS Bantam (1930)

SS "Bantam " was built by N.V. Machinefabriek & Scheepswerf van P. Smit Jr. of Rotterdam, Netherlands in 1930 of 3322 gross weight and operated by Koninklijke Paketvaart-Maatschappij. "Bantam", under charter, became a part of the initial United States Army local fleet in Australia, was severely damaged 28 March 1943 in New Guinea and eventually scuttled off Sydney, Australia.
Wartime operation.
The ship was one of the original twenty-one vessels that reached Australia chartered by the Chief Quartermaster, U.S. Army Forces in Australia (USAFIA) on 26 March 1942 with long term details to be negotiated at higher levels. The eventual decision, involving governments in London, Washington and the Combined Chiefs of Staff, was that the charters through the Dutch government would be handled by the British Ministry of War Transport (BMWT) for the U. S. Army. The complex arrangement was a "bareboat charter to BMWT and through the War Shipping Administration (WSA) the ships were assigned by WSA to the Army but 'not, repeat not, on bareboat but on gross basis,' though under 'full control' of the Army." In early March 1943 almost half the permanent local fleet was composed of the refugee KPM vessels operated by their company crews.
"Bantam" was operating as part of Operation Lilliput. On 28 March 1943, nine Imperial Japanese Val dive bombers attacked Oro Bay, New Guinea while "SS Bantam" was alongside a liberty wharf unloading. A total of seven bombs fell on or near "SS Bantam". The forward of the bridge, No.3 hold and engine room scored direct bomb hits, while two bombs that hit the liberty wharf tore a hole in the ship’s side on the waterline and began taking water rapidly. The ship caught fire as well as the liberty wharf which was burning out of control. The two pontoons of the wharf sank.
The Bantam was sinking and it was decided to beach her and a couple of large motor boats assisted in pulling the ship away from the wharf. went alongside and began to fight the fires. "SS Bantam" was beached at the head of Oro Bay. The wreck was raised and towed to Sydney, where she was scuttled 36 miles off Sydney on 24 September 1946, after being filled with unwanted chemical warfare agents (CWA).

</doc>
<doc id="19227172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227172" title="HIV/AIDS in Ukraine">
HIV/AIDS in Ukraine

The HIV/AIDS epidemic in Ukraine is one of the fastest growing in the world. Experts estimated in August 2010 that 1.3 percent of the adult population of Ukraine was infected with HIV, the highest in all of Europe. Late 2011 Ukraine numbered 360,000 HIV-positive persons (increase in the rate close to zero compared with 2010). Between 1987 and late 2012 27,800 Ukrainians died of AIDS. In 2012 tests revealed 57 new cases of HIV positive Ukrainians each day and 11 daily AIDS-related deaths (on a population of roughly 45 million at the time).
Identified in the country in 1987, HIV/AIDS appeared to be confined to a small population until the mid-1990s, when a sudden and explosive epidemic emerged among injecting drug users in the southern and eastern regions of the country. Ukraine has one of the highest rates of increase of HIV/AIDS cases in Eastern Europe.
Situation.
Spread of AIDS.
HIV officially reached the territory of the former Soviet Union in 1987, about 5 years after the virus itself was discovered. Until 1995 there were only a few known cases of HIV infections in Ukraine. The country was therefore deemed to be “low risk” by the World Health Organisation (WHO) in terms of spread at that time. Between 1987 and 1994, 183 infections were reported.
In the mid-1990s, transmission was primarily through injecting drug use. By 2001, however, the proportion of new cases of HIV/AIDS attributable to injecting drug use had declined to 57% from 84% in 1997. During that time, heterosexual transmission increased from 11% to 27%, and perinatal transmission increased from 2% to 13% as a proportion of total cases.
UNAIDS estimates that the number of people infected with HIV/AIDS in 2003 was 360,000 (range 180,000 to 590,000), representing an adult prevalence of 1.4%. According to the Ministry of Health—which estimates that by 2002 there were more than 500,000 people infected, or nearly 2% of the adult population—the epidemic has now spread to every oblast in the country. Prevalence in the southern and eastern oblasts (Odessa, Mykolaiv, Dnipropetrovsk, and Donetsk) is about three times higher than rates in the rest of the country. A major reason for this is the fact that the urbanized and industrialized regions in the East and South of Ukraine suffered most from the economic crisis in the 90s, which in turn led to the spread of unemployment, alcoholism, and drug abuse, thus setting the conditions for wider spread of the epidemic.
From 1995 to 2007, the primary means of HIV transmission was through injection drug use, but by 2008, sexual contact outpaced injection drug use as the primary form of transmission. By 2009, almost 44 percent of new infections occurred through sexual transmission, and 36 percent were through injecting drug use (according to USAID; according to CSIS in 2009 the proportion of new cases of HIV/AIDS attributable to injecting drug use was 60%).). 
In 2007 about 0.96 percent of Ukrainians, or about 440,000 citizens, were estimated to be living with HIV/AIDS, up from 1.46 percent of the population in 2005, or 685,600 citizens, according to UNAIDS. The number of HIV/AIDS cases in Ukraine reduced by 200 or 3.9% to 4,900 in the period of January–November 2008, compared with the corresponding period of last year.In 2007 the majority of those infected where under 30 years of age; with a full 25% of those affected still in their teens.
Although HIV/AIDS had remained concentrated among marginalized and vulnerable populations, it was feared in 2008 it may be spreading to the general population. According to the Ministry of Health, Ukraine has already surpassed the “optimistic” projections of an HIV/AIDS rate of 2% in 2010.
Prisons.
Between 1996 and 2001 about 26 percent in various prisons across Ukraine tested HIV- positive. In a January 2005 study between 15 and 30 percent of prisoners tested HIV- positive.
Early 2005 rates of up to 95 percent of the prisoners were found Hepatitis C positive.
Early 2010 there were over 147,000 people held at prisons and more than 38,000 at pre-trial detention facilities in Ukraine.
Spread of AIDS among children.
The number of children with AIDS in Ukraine is on rise, since the number of mothers with HIV grows by 20-30% annually. According to the United Nations, the number of pregnant women with HIV was 0.34% in 2007, which was the highest index in Europe. According to the United Nations, of nearly 18,000 children born by HIV-positive mothers in Ukraine, 10,200 children have not contracted HIV and another 5,500 children under eighteen months have yet to receive final results of examination. In Ukraine 1,877 children have been confirmed as HIV positive and 244 have died of AIDS. The United Nations notes that the program of preventing mother-to-child transmission of HIV in Ukraine has cut the share of such transmission from 27% of the number of HIV cases in 2000 to 7% in 2006.
Preventive measures.
Harm reduction programs.
Since 2003, drug substitution programs have been introduced in Ukraine. By the end of September 2008 they were offered to about 2200 persons in 38 locations. Mostly Buprenorphin (Trademark ‘Subutex‘) is dispensed, which is significantly more expensive than Methadon. It is also less frequently used and thoroughly researched worldwide. Buprenophin is more accepted by society and politicians however, because it is seen as a painkiller. Methadon, in contrast, is viewed as a drug subscribed at public expense. 
In 2012 patients and advocacy groups complained of occasionally supply shortages in Ukrainian AIDS clinics. In June 2012 advocacy groups accused Health Ministry officials of embezzling money that should be used to treat AIDS patients by buying AIDS drugs at hugely inflated prices and then receiving kickbacks.
National response.
The policy and legal environment in Ukraine is generally favorable for combating the spread of HIV/AIDS, but there is a gap between national-level policies and laws and local-level practices. The National AIDS Committee was established in 1992 but was dissolved in 1998 because of budget disputes. In 1999, the government created the National AIDS Control Coordinating Council under the Cabinet and mandated that all regions establish HIV prevention programs. In 2001, a national plan for combating HIV/AIDS was approved; its goals included preventing the further spread of HIV, developing capacity to treat infected individuals, and providing social support and counseling for those living with HIV/AIDS.
Although the HIV/AIDS law is one of the most progressive in the region, the government still treats HIV/AIDS primarily as a medical issue. Prevention activities have been largely funded by international organizations. Because HIV testing is limited to government facilities, those at greatest risk are not being reached, since marginalized populations are the least likely to use government facilities. Stigma by the medical profession against persons living with HIV/AIDS is a major barrier to accessing information and services.
The first Ukrainian advocate group of/for Ukrainian AIDS patients was launched on December 10, 2010.
Statistics.
Note: all statistics till late 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19227182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227182" title="V. Bhashyam Aiyangar">
V. Bhashyam Aiyangar

Diwan Bahadur Sir Vembakkam Bhashyam Aiyangar CIE (1844–1908) was an eminent lawyer and jurist who served as the first Indian Advocate-General of Madras Province and also as a Judge of the Madras High Court.
Posts held.
Bhashyam Aiyangar served as the Acting Advocate General of Madras from February 1897 to March 1898 and September 1899 to March 1900. He was the first Indian to hold the post. In February, 1897, Bhashyam Aiyangar was nominated to the Madras Legislative Council as an official member He was nominated for two more terms in November 1899 and March 1900.
In July 1901 Bhashyam Aiyangar was appointed a Judge of the High Court at Madras, in which position he served until 1904.
Honours.
Bhashyam Aiyangar was created a Companion of the Indian Empire in May 1895. He was knighted on February 2, 1900 in the Queen's Honor's List.
A statute of Bhashyam Aiyangar was donated by M. S. Nagappa in 1927 and has been installed in the Madras High Court campus, just outside the Madras Bar Association entrance.
Personal life.
Bhashyam Aiyangar had a number of daughters. His third daughter was married to eminent lawyer and freedom fighter S. Srinivasa Iyengar.

</doc>
<doc id="19227188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227188" title="Estate Khmaladze">
Estate Khmaladze

Estate V. Khmaladze (, born October 20, 1944, Tbilisi, Georgia) is a Georgian statistician. He is best known for his contribution of Khmaladze transformation in statistics.
Biography.
Estate Khmaladze was born October 20, 1944, Tbilisi, Georgia. He graduated from Tbilisi State University in 1966, where the first three years he was studying physics. He finished his PhD in 1971 at V. A. Steklov Mathematical Institute, Moscow, under supervision of L. N. Bolshev, who was head of department of mathematical statistics at Steklov after N. V. Smirnov. From 1972 until 1990, his work was, mostly, split between V. A. Steklov Institute, Moscow, and A. Razmadze Mathematical Institute, Tbilisi.
From 1990 to 1999, he was appointed head of department of probability theory and mathematical statistics of A. Razmadze Mathematical Institute of Georgian Academy of Science.
In 1996, Khmaladze moved with his family from Tbilisi, Georgia, to Sydney, Australia, and from there to Wellington, New Zealand, where in 2002 he was appointed Professor of Statistics after retirement of his predecessor, David Vere-Jones.
A characteristic feature of Khmaladze's work is the search of connection between distant analytical topics. For example, in Khmaladze (1993), the connections between the theory of spatial martingales and Volterra operators with goodness of fit problems of statistics was discussed, and in Khmaladze(2007), the infinitesimal theory for set-valued functions was connected with problems of spatial statistics and image analysis.
However, the majority of his mathematical research centers around empirical processes and non-parametric methods of statistics.
Considerable amount of Khmaladze's work is in applications of statistics, in the fields of cito-genetics, physiology, demography and insurance, statistical analysis of texts, various problems in economics and finance. His current applied interests are focused around statistical theory of diversity and Zipf's law.

</doc>
<doc id="19227195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227195" title="Bertrandon de la Broquière">
Bertrandon de la Broquière

Bertrandon de la Bro(c)quière ("c." 1400 – 9 May 1459) was a Burgundian pilgrim to the Middle East in 1432–33. The book of his travels, "Le Voyage d'Outre-Mer", is a detailed and lively account of the political situations and practical customs of the various regions he visited. He wrote it in French at the request of Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy, for the purpose of facilitating a new crusade.
Life.
Bertrandon was born late in the fourteenth century or early in the fifteenth in the Duchy of Aquitaine. His life before 1421 is unknown. In that year he was made an esquire ("écuyer tranchant") by Philip the Good. He rapidly gained the confidence of the duke and was entrusted with a series of important missions. In 1423 he was honoured with the title "premier écuyer tranchant", "first esquire". 
From February 1432 to the middle of 1433 Bertrandon was undergoing his pilgrimage to the Mideast. Upon his return he was treated to more honours. In 1442 Philip arranged for Bertrandon to marry Catherine, daughter of Jean de Bernieulles, one of the richest heiresses of the Artois, and in 1443 he granted Bertrandon the captaincy of the castle of Rupelmonde on the left bank of the Escaut, a strategic fortress. In 1452 Bertrandon was present with Philip at the Battle of Gavere against the rebels of Ghent. In July 1453 he was among the elite lords present in the ducal tent when the conditions of peace were imposed on Ghent. 
The last mention of Bertrandon in contemporary records dates from 1455, when Philip coaxed him to compose some memoirs of his expedition to the east. A finished copy of these was given to Philip in 1457. One of the manuscripts of the "Voyage" records that Bertrandon died at Lille on 9 May 1459 and was buried in the collegiate church of Saint-Pierre.
"Le Voyage d'Outremer".
Ghent to Venice.
Bertrandon de la Broquière left Ghent in February 1432. He took the route through Champagne and Burgundy to Italy. He first went to Rome, where he was received by Pope Eugene IV. On 25 March he set out from Rome for Venice, where he embarked on a galley bound for Jaffa on 8 May. The ship was loaded with pilgrims, many of them Burgundians. This part of the voyage is largely ignored in his memoires. He provides only brief descriptions of the Italian cities he passed through on his way to the sea.
Holy Land.
After several stops at Venetian ports, in the Morea, on Corfu, on Rhodes and Cyprus, Bertrandon reached Jaffa. There he was forced to pay a tribute to the Egyptian sultan, the usual demand on pilgrims. From Jaffa he moved towards Jerusalem, which took two days. Probably he behaved as a regular pilgrim at the time, though he was also on a mission of observation. 
He saw the image of the Notre Dame de Sardenay (Ṣaidnāyā), but called the healing oil supposedly sweating from it a "mere trick to get money", noting that both Christian and Saracen were devoted to the image. His stay in Jerusalem was short, after which he moved south to Gaza. There he and ten companions made preparations to cross the desert, despite the heat and the brigands, to visit the Saint Catherine's Monastery on Mount Sinai. Though Bertandon fell ill and had to turn back to Gaza, he does record the sighting of several exotic desert animals in his "Voyage". 
In Gaza he was nursed back to health by some Arabs, whom he admits in his "Voyage" were not as bad as often portrayed in Europe. They conducted him to Mount Zion, where he was placed in the care of the Conventual Franciscans. He wished to continue to visit the sites of the Holy Land, but on account of the political situation could not. He took an Arab ship from Jaffa to Beirut and there joined a mule team headed for Damascus. In Damascus met the French merchant Jacques Coeur and a Genoese merchant from Kaffa who was working for Barsbay, Sultan of Egypt, to purchase slaves for his mameluke ranks.
Damascus to Constantinople.
From Damascus he returned to Beirut, where he attended a nocturnal Arab festival that made a strong impression on him. He does, however, report the decline of Beirut, that Jaffa was nothing but a collection of tents covered in reeds, and that Acre had only 300 houses. In Beirut he decided to return to Europe by land, though pilgrims of the time usually took a boat back to Italy. At Damascus he had negotiated with the leader of a caravan, Kodja Barqouq, making its way from Mecca to Bursa. On the condition that he wear the Turkish costume, so as not to endanger his fellow travellers, he was permitted to accompany the caravan. The riches from Mecca greatly impressed him. 
In the caravan Bertrandon met and befriended a mameluke, who taught him aspects of Turkish culture, cuisine and military custom. He also learned the rudiments of the Turkish language. The caravan stopped first in Antioch, crossed Little Armenia, and rounded the gulf of Alexandretta. The voyage across Asia Minor was relatively fast. At Iconium Bertrandon took leave of the caravan and joined an embassy headed to the Beylik of Karaman. When he finally arrived in Bursa, he took up lodging with a local Florentine for ten days. At Bursa he joined a company of European merchants, a Spaniard and three Florentines, and followed them to Pera. 
In Constantinople he took up with a Catalan merchant. The description of the city in his "Voyage" contains some interesting accounts of a joust and other ceremonies he attended, but very little on the city's architecture. He records a low opinion of the Emperor John VIII, describing him as an impotent tributary of the Ottoman sultan.
Constantinople to Burgundy.
Bertrandon left Constantinople on 23 January 1433 in the company of Benedict Folco of Forlì, the ambassador of Filippo Maria Visconti, Duke of Milan, heading to the court of the Ottoman sultan Murad II at Adrianople, where they arrived late in February. Bertrandon records in his "Voyage" the sumptuous reception accorded the ambassador. On 12 March Bertrandon and Benedict left Adrianople. They visited Macedonia, Bulgaria, Albania, and Bosnia, which were all under Ottoman rule. He also visited Serbia and was well received by despot George Brankovic. Bertrandon records in his "Voyage" of this time that he found the Turks more friendly than Greeks. He and Benedict arrived in Belgrade on 12 April. It was there that Bertrandon began to think strategically about the conquest of the Ottoman Empire. He describes Turkish armies, armour, administration, and military system. In his "Voyage" he presents a plan to unite England, France, and Germany against the Turks. He says the conquest would be easy, but it is the Greeks—not the Turks—who do not trust the Westerners; the possibility of an alliance with the Greeks is slim. Murad, he writes, could conquer Europe with his resources, but he includes a copy of the report of the Venetian John Torcello in his "Voyage", to buttress his claim that the Westerners are better armed. He and Benedict then traversed the Great Hungarian Plain and stopped in Budapest, where they parted ways. 
It took Bertrandon five days to get to Vienna from Budapest, and there he was cordially welcomed by Duke Albert V of Austria, cousin of Philip the Good. Albert presented him with the first opposition to his plans. From Vienna Bertrandon took six days to arrive at Linz. He took the route through Bavaria and Swabia to Basel, where he attended a meeting of the Council of Basel. He reentered Burgundy at Montbéliard. At the abbey of Pothières in the Côte d'Or early in July he reported to Philip the Good. He gave him a copy of the Koran and a life of Mohammed translated into Latin by the chaplain of the Venetian consul at Damascus. He also gave him his clothes and his horse, both acquired from the East. The duke gave the Koran and the "vita" to bishop John Germain, the chancellor of the Order of the Golden Fleece, but kept the robes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19227209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227209" title="The Drownout">
The Drownout

The Drownout is an American electropunk band from Atlanta, Georgia that was founded in 2005 by guitarist/vocalist Jason Jones. A part of the newest wave of New Wave-inspired bands, the group distinguishes itself within that genre by combining an unapologetic musicality with a high-energy performance that one would typically only expect from a hardcore punk band. Their musical style has drawn critical comparisons to Interpol, Muse and The Killers.
Although their early work on the self-released debut full-length "In Flagrante Delicto" is more hard rock-flavored, the 2008 release of The Drownout's follow-up EP, "Paper Trails and Binds", exhibits a gradual metamorphosis toward dancier tracks such as the album's first single, High Waters. Early reviews of Paper Trails and Binds have been overly positive with critics hailing the album as "one of [2008's] most infectious rock-dance albums."
The Drownout's live performance has been characterized as both "high-energy" and "dynamic." In 2007, the band garnered critical attention for their stage show, winning top honor in the 99x Last Band Standing competition.
The band currently consists of Jones, synth player Matt Baum, bassist Justin Marchan and drummer Rusty Bonham.

</doc>
<doc id="19227215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227215" title="HIV/AIDS in Cambodia">
HIV/AIDS in Cambodia

After the first case of HIV was detected in 
Cambodia in 1991, prevalence of infection 
increased steadily to a high of 2 percent in 1998. 
In the general population, the prevalence declined 
to 0.5 percent in 2009, down from 1.2 percent in 
2001. Prevalence of HIV infection among women 
visiting antenatal care (ANC) clinics also declined, 
from a high of 2.1 percent in 1999 to 1.1 percent in 
2006. Among HIV-infected pregnant women, there 
was also a gradual increase in the percentage who 
received antiretroviral therapy (ART) to reduce the 
risk of mother-to-child transmission, from 1.2 
percent in 2003 to 11.2 percent in 2007 to 32.3 
percent in 2009. 
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS in Cambodia is among the highest in Asia. Although Cambodia is one of the poorest countries in the world, extraordinary HIV prevention and control efforts exerted by the Royal Government of Cambodia and its partners have helped to reduce the spread of HIV. Between 2003 and 2005, the estimated HIV prevalence among Cambodian adults aged 15 to 49 declined from 2.0 percent to 1.6 percent.
Cambodia’s HIV/AIDS epidemic is spread primarily through heterosexual transmission and revolves largely around the sex trade. HIV transmission occurs mainly in sexual partnerships where one partner has engaged in high-risk behaviors. Women constitute a growing share of people living with HIV/AIDS, comprising an estimated 47 percent of people living with HIV/AIDS in 2003, compared with 37 percent in 1998. This increased proportion of infections among women may reflect declining prevalence rates among males, as well as deaths among males infected in the early years of Cambodia’s epidemic. Significantly, a low prevalence rate in the general population masks far higher prevalence rates in certain sub-populations, such as injecting drug users, people in prostitution, men who have sex with men, karaoke hostesses and beer girls, and mobile and migrant populations.
References.
HIV/AIDS - adult prevalence rate: 
2.6% (2003 est.) 
HIV/AIDS - people living with HIV/AIDS: 
170,000 (2003 est.) 
HIV/AIDS - deaths: 
15,000 (2003 est.) 
Major infectious diseases: 
degree of risk: very high 
food or waterborne diseases: bacterial and protozoal diarrhea, hepatitis A, and typhoid fever 
vectorborne diseases: dengue fever, Japanese encephalitis, and malaria 
note: highly pathogenic H5N1 avian influenza has been identified in this country; it poses a negligible risk with extremely rare cases possible among US citizens who have close contact with birds (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="19227221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227221" title="Inerrant Rays of Infallible Sun (Blackship Shrinebuilder)">
Inerrant Rays of Infallible Sun (Blackship Shrinebuilder)

Inerrant Rays of Infallible Sun (Blackship Shrinebuilder) is a split EP by the bands Om and Current 93. It was released in 2006 on the Neurot record label.
The US pressing was limited to 1500 copies on 10" clear green vinyl. A UK/EU pressing was also made and is available in 10" clear, clear purple and clear red vinyl.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="19227226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227226" title="HIV/AIDS in Guyana">
HIV/AIDS in Guyana

According to the National AIDS Programme Secretariat, the number of reported HIV/AIDS cases in Guyana has been reduced to 1% of the total population in 2009–2010, complying with the UNAIDS target of 1.3%. The reduction rate of HIV prevalence among women in Guyana has remain at 1% while those high risk persons such as homosexuals and sex workers have decreased. A national report on HIV/AIDS for 2009 reveals that over 105 thousand HIV/AIDS tests were conducted in Guyana.
There are some 13,000 loggers in Guyana and they are a significant segment of the migrant worker population. With forests generally found in isolated areas, there can be a lack of regular access to both condoms and correct knowledge of how HIV is transmitted, which increases vulnerability to infection. Sex workers themselves are disproportionally affected by the virus with an HIV prevalence of around 16%, compared with an adult HIV prevalence in Guyana of 1.2%.
There has been a steady decrease of HIV/AIDS cases from 2006–2011, recent research is revealing that there is a decrease in the number of persons being diagnosed with HIV/AIDS in Guyana.
Research also showed that there has been a decrease in the rate of deaths from this disease(s). Over 350,000 persons were tested over a five-year period.
Premiere health agencies and organizations have reduced funding to Guyana since it is no longer has a threat of having a widespread HIV/AIDS epidemic. The Executive Director Dissiree Edghill explained that the major funding agencies are now looking at the high priority countries, since Guyana is no longer listed as a "High Prevalence Country" when it comes to HIV and AIDS.
“We have done a lot of work ,we have seen very effective results for our efforts,the only set back is that our funding has been reduced since those HIV/AIDS infection rates in Guyana are not as high as it was during peak some years ago .” Edghill said.

</doc>
<doc id="19227228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227228" title="Suluq">
Suluq

Suluq () is a town in the Benghazi District of the Cyrenaica region in northeastern Libya. It is located about 53 kilometers to the south-east of Benghazi.
Italian Libya.
Suluq is the site of a former Italian concentration camp for the nomadic tribes that lived in Eastern Libya (Cyrenaica) during the colonial Italian North Africa and Italian Libya period. On 16 September 1931 Omar Mukhtar, the leader of the Libyan resistance movement, was hanged here.
Suluq was the inland terminus of a short narrow gauge railway built by the Italian Libya Railways. This line was closed around the 1960s.
Present day.
In 2009, 5,000 new housing units were built in Suluq.

</doc>
<doc id="19227235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227235" title="Dave Schmidt (catcher)">
Dave Schmidt (catcher)

David Frederick Schmidt is a former Major League Baseball catcher. He played part of one season for the Boston Red Sox in . Schmidt was drafted by the Red Sox in the second round of the 1975 Major League Baseball Draft and played his entire career in their organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19227237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227237" title="HIV/AIDS in Haiti">
HIV/AIDS in Haiti

Haiti has one of the highest HIV/AIDS rates in the entire Caribbean. As of 2009, UNAIDS, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, reports that Haiti's national HIV prevalence among adults aged 15 to 49 is 1.9 percent.
In Haiti, HIV is primarily transmitted through heterosexual contact, followed by mother-to-infant transmission. The recent declines in HIV infection rates are most notable in urban areas, and have been attributed to significant behavioral changes, including decreased number of partners, decreased sexual debut, and increased condom use. Other explanations for the recent trends include AIDS-related mortality and improvements made in blood safety early in the epidemic. Continued political instability, high internal migration rates, high prevalence of sexually transmitted infections, and weakened health and social services persist as factors with potential negative impacts on the epidemic.
In his book "The Origins of AIDS" Dr. Jacques Pépin of Quebec stipulated that Haiti was one of HIV's entry points to the United States. After the independence of the Belgian Congo, the United Nations sent 4500 educated Haitians to fill administrative gaps left by Belgians. One of them may have carried HIV across the Atlantic in the 1960s. Pépin argues that its spread in Haiti was speeded by poor Haitians in need of money selling their blood plasma at centers such as Hemo-Caribbean. Plasma centers separate plasma from blood cells, which could be returned to the patient. Failing to change needles and tubing between patients rapidly spreads blood-borne diseases. Hemo-Caribbean, co-owned by Luckner Cambronne, was known to have poor hygienic practices. Cambronne, the "Vampire of the Caribbean" was notorious for selling Haitian blood and cadavers abroad. Plasma from Hemo-Caribbean was exported to the United States at a maximum rate of 5,000 to 6,000 liters per month in the early 1970s. Haiti was also a prime gay sex tourism destination for Americans during this period.

</doc>
<doc id="19227246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227246" title="HIV/AIDS in Vietnam">
HIV/AIDS in Vietnam

Vietnam faces a concentrated HIV epidemic.
Reporting.
HIV prevalence data in Vietnam is based primarily on HIV/AIDS case reporting and on the HIV Sentinel Surveillance conducted annually in 40 of Vietnam’s 64 provinces. The government now reports HIV cases in all provinces, 93 percent of all districts, and 49 percent of all communes, although many high prevalence provinces report cases in 100 percent of communes. Even though Vietnam has implemented HIV/AIDS case reporting, the general lack of HIV testing thus far suggests that the actual number of people living with HIV/AIDS is much higher.
Current State.
The first HIV case was detected in 1990. The estimated number of people living with HIV then rose drastically from 3,000 in 1992 to 220,000 in 2007, and is projected to be 280,000 in 2012, claiming 0.47% of the population. Among these, 5,670 are children. According to the IMF, this trend is placing Vietnam at the threshold of moving the disease from the high-risk groups of drug users and sex workers to the general population.
Injection of Drugs.
Injecting drug users (IDU) account for up to 65% of people living with HIV. The HIV prevalence among male IDU is estimated to be 23.1%. Drug injection is reported as the major cause for doubling the number of HIV/AIDS patients from 2000 to 2005.
Although there appears widespread awareness of using sterile needles among IDU (88% reported doing so in the last injection) sharing needles is common among those who have already contracted HIV/AIDS. In a survey of 20 provinces in Vietnam, 35% of IDU living with HIV shared needles and syringes. 
Sexual Transmission.
Another main cause of HIV/AIDS spread is sexual transmission through the sex workers. While 97.1% of female sex workers (FSW) reported using condoms with their most recent clients, the rate is much lower at 41.1% among those who are living with HIV.
Others.
While HIV/AIDS remain an epidemic only within the high-risk groups, women in the general population may be more exposed to the risk of contracting HIV than reported. One study estimates that reported HIV transmission among women may reflect as low as 16% of the real number due to the lack of HIV screening. The number of women with HIV infection is estimated to increase from less than 30,000 in 2000 to 90,000 in 2007.
Women may contract HIV/AIDS through partners who are undisclosed IDU. Men having pre-marital or extra-marital sexual relationships with FSW inevitably expose their wives to HIV/AIDS risk. Particularly in provinces with mobile populations, migrant husbands who, being away from home, are likely buy sex and use drugs may contract HIV and transmit to their wives.
With potentially high HIV prevalence among women, perinatal transmission presents another channel of HIV transmission. It is reported that more than 1% of pregnant women in some provinces are found HIV positive.
Challenges.
Social stigma against HIV/AIDS patients presents a major obstacle to contain HIV/AIDS. HIV/AIDS patients are treated unequally in the hospitals and denied employment. Children with HIV are not welcomed in school. In 2009, parents in Ho Chi Minh City forced officials to expel children with HIV. Discrimination thus discourages people to go for screening or to take medication in fear of revealing their HIV status.
Funding for HIV/AIDS programmes in Vietnam is another pressing issue limiting the success of the effort to control the disease. Over the past 5 years, the available resource covered merely 50% of the demand. Moreover, since 70% of this amount was received from international institutions while state funding accounted for only 13%, there is no guarantee of future availability.
The final challenge lies in the limited human resources. There is a shortage of helpers in provincial and district areas. Currently, there are approximately 1,300 health workers in preventive medicines nationwide, including anti-HIV work, or 21 on average for each city or district. Dr. Nguyen Thanh Long, Chief of the Health Ministry’s HIV/AIDS Control Department, estimated that Vietnam has to increase the number of health workers to 20,000 by 2020 in order to be able to contain and reduce the increasing number of infected cases.

</doc>
<doc id="19227265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227265" title="The Indigo Necklace">
The Indigo Necklace

The Indigo Necklace (1945), initially published as The Indigo Necklace Murders, is a mystery novel by Frances Crane.
Synopsis.
While staying in an old New Orleans mansion, Pat Abbott overhears the disquieting sound of opening doors and stolen footsteps across the balcony outside his room, before discovering the ghostly white, robed body of a man in the adjoining courtyard. Against his will, he finds himself up against a serial murderer with experience in exotic poisons, and whose master plan somehow involves the titular Indigo necklace.

</doc>
<doc id="19227275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19227275" title="Ezatullah Mujahid">
Ezatullah Mujahid

Ezatullah is the name of the District Governor of Sangin District in Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
In May 2007 Ezatullah was quoted by the international press following an aerial bombardment where civilians were reported to have been killed.

</doc>
