<doc id="19267829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267829" title="Fear Before (album)">
Fear Before (album)

Fear Before is the self-titled fourth and final full length album from experimental rock band, Fear Before. The album was released on October 28, 2008 through Equal Vision Records and was produced by Casey Bates and recorded at Johnny Cab Studios and London Bridge studio in Seattle, WA. This is the first album on which they do not use their former name "Fear Before the March of Flames".
On September 22, 2008, the band released the song "Fear Before Doesn't Listen To People Who Don't Like Them" in mp3 format to those exclusively on their mailing list. The song is now listenable on their MySpace.
From October 20, 2008 to October 21, 2008, the full album was up for streaming on the band's Last.fm page.
Personnel.
Fear Before
Guest vocals
Production
Additional information.
The song "Jabberwocky" is named after the nonsense poem written by Lewis Carroll. This is the first album where former drummer Brandon Proff does not provide artwork and also the first album not to feature some form of skyscrapers on the cover. Instead, David Bell who directed the music video for "Taking Cassandra to the End of the World Party" provides artwork. Also, this is the first album where the majority of the lyrics are written by lead vocalist David Marion. On all past albums, lead guitarist and back up vocalist Adam Rupert Fisher wrote the vast majority of the lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="19267830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267830" title="Wilhelm Camerer">
Wilhelm Camerer

Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Camerer (17 October 1842 – 25 March 1910) was a German physician born in Stuttgart. Camerer was a pioneer in the field of pediatric medicine.
He studied medicine at the Universities of Tübingen and Vienna. At Tübingen he was a student of physiologist Karl von Vierordt (1818–1884). 
From 1867 until 1876 he practiced medicine in several communities throughout Württemberg, and from 1876 to 1884 was a physician at Riedlingen. He was also a military physician during the Austro-Prussian War (1866) and Franco-Prussian War (1870–71). 
From 1884 he was a physician based in Urach, where he was later appointed "Oberamtsarzt" (medical officer). In 1895 he received an honorary degree in natural sciences from the University of Tübingen.
Camerer is remembered for his studies involving infant nutrition, psychophysics and the metabolism of children. In 1894 he published an influential work on childhood metabolism called "Der Stoffwechsel des Kindes, etc". His work in pediatrics included important research concerning the composition of breast milk.

</doc>
<doc id="19267843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267843" title="United States Navy Experimental Diving Unit">
United States Navy Experimental Diving Unit

The United States Navy Experimental Diving Unit (NEDU or NAVXDIVINGU) is the primary source of diving and hyperbaric operational guidance for the US Navy. It is located within the Naval Support Activity Panama City in Bay County, Panama City Beach, Florida.
Mission and Vision.
NEDU describes its mission as: "The Navy Experimental Diving Unit tests and evaluates diving, hyperbaric, and other life-support systems and procedures, and conducts research and development in biomedical and environmental physiology. NEDU provides technical recommendations based upon knowledge and experience, to Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command to support operational requirements of our armed forces."
The vision for NEDU is stated to be: "The Navy Experimental Diving Unit will be the most credible and respected research, development, and test and evaluation center for diving as well as the focal point of leadership for biomedical and bioengineering solutions for undersea military operations."
History.
Brooklyn Navy Yard.
Experimental diving in the US Navy started in 1912 at the Brooklyn Navy Yard under the leadership of Chief Gunner George D. Stillson. Stillson's research program ultimately led to increasing diver capabilities from to over of depth based on Haldane's decompression work with the Royal Navy. This resulted in the first publication of the United States Navy Diving Manual and established the need for a facility dedicated to research and development of diving procedures.
In 1915, Stillson's team was sent to salvage the "F-4" submarine. On these deep dives, the divers experienced the debilitating effects of nitrogen narcosis leading them to try the addition of helium to their breathing mix. The navy salvage operations then came under the direction of Warrant Gunner C. L. Tibbals who led teams through the salvage of the "S-51" in 1925 and "S-4" in 1927 further establishing the naval need for equipment, training, and procedures for rescue operations.
Washington Navy Yard.
NEDU was established in 1927 at the Washington Navy Yard.
Early developments for the unit involved evaluation and testing of the Submarine Escape Lung (Momsen lung) and the McCann Rescue Bell. This work was done by Charles Momsen and Allan McCann. In 1929, Momsen received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal for personally testing the device at a depth of 200 feet (61 m). Techniques used for the rescue of submariners aboard the "USS Squalus" were developed by Momsen and McCann in their time at NEDU. This work lead to the rescue and recovery of 33 crewmen. Momsen and McCann received a Letter of Commendation from President of the United States Franklin D. Roosevelt for the "Squalus" effort.
The first medical staff were introduced to the facility in the mid-1930s when Charles W Shilling, Albert R Behnke, and OE Van der Aue began work. Their early work improved the prevention and treatment of decompression sickness with the inclusion of oxygen rather than air.
Through World War II, work continued on decompression and oxygen toxicity.
Through the 1950s NEDU tested equipment and further refined procedures for divers including the US Navy 1953 decompression table.
From 1957 to 1962 was the beginnings of saturation diving under the leadership of Captain George F. Bond of the Naval Submarine Medical Research Laboratory and the Genesis Project. Genesis D was performed at NEDU in 1963. Bond then went on to head the SEALAB I saturation project in 1964.
Robert D. Workman published a novel method to calculate decompression schedules in 1965 that involved estimating the limiting values of excess tissue supersaturation.
Work continued in deep saturation dives, equipment testing as well as thermal protection and physiology research throughout the 1960s and early 1970s.
Naval Support Activity Panama City.
In 1975, NEDU relocated to its current location in Panama City, Florida.
NEDU tested and evaluated the replacement of Stillson's Mark V as the US Navy standard diving dress, the Mark 12 Surface Supplied Diving System, and eventually its replacement the Mark 21/ Superlight 17 in the 1970s and 1980s.
NEDU conducts at least one saturation dive per year. These dives were used, amongst other things, to evaluate decompression and recompression procedures, equipment, carbon dioxide absorbents, as well as active and passive thermal protection. Many of these tests included ongoing evaluations of commercially available diving equipment.
In 1998, the Naval Medical Research Center's diving biomedical and development group was transferred to NEDU.
In response to the overseas military needs, NEDU focused on warm water diving from 1999 to 2002. This guidance to the Naval Special Warfare community influences operational needs on an ongoing basis.
NEDU divers were essential to the recovery of artifacts from the ex-USS "Monitor" in 2001 and 2002.
In 2002, certification of the Mark 16 Mod 1 rebreather was completed following improvement of systems including, extension of the working limit to , new decompression tables for both nitrogen-oxygen and helium-oxygen diving including new repetitive diving capabilities for helium-oxygen, test of an Emergency Breathing System with communications, the addition of an integrated buoyancy compensation device, and an improved full face mask.
In 2004, NEDU contributed to operational guidance for diving in harsh contaminated environments.
NEDU has continued research into oxygen toxicity utilizing the US Navy Mark 16 Mod 1.
Development of breathing systems, thermal protection, and decompression procedures for SEAL Delivery Vehicles and the Advanced SEAL Delivery System is ongoing.
In 2011, divers completed a 1,000 fsw saturation dive to evaluate the new Navy's Saturation Fly-Away Diving System (SAT FADS). The SAT FADS was designed in 2006 as a portable replacement of two decommissioned Pigeon-class submarine rescue vessels.
Evaluation and testing of new breathing apparatus and application of other technologies for diving is key to their mission.
Facilities.
Ocean simulation facility.
The Ocean Simulation Facility (OSF) simulates ocean conditions to a maximum pressure equivalent of seawater (fsw) at any salinity level. The chamber complex consists of a wet chamber and five interconnected dry living/working chambers totaling of space. Wet and dry chamber temperatures can be set from . Equipped with the latest data acquisition capability, the OSF can accommodate a wide range of complex experiments including diver biomedical studies and testing of humans as well as small submersible vehicles and other machines in the wet chamber. Saturation dives can be performed for more than 30 days of continuous exposure in the OSF. For human and equipment testing underwater over extended periods, divers use the dry chambers as comfortable living quarters, from which they can make diving excursions into the wet chamber. The dry chambers are also capable of altitude simulation studies to heights of .
Experimental test pool.
The Experimental Test Pool is a capacity freshwater tank measuring by by deep, capable of sustaining temperatures from . It is designed and constructed for manned, shallow water testing and for supporting workup dives for the Ocean Simulation Facility. The test pool is supported by a fully instrumented medical and engineering deck, from which the safety of both divers and test equipment can be monitored. The facility can accommodate a wide range of experiments, from biomedical studies of diver thermal and workload conditions to equipment studies of submersible devices. The test pool has a communications suite, full video capability, real-time computerized data acquisition and analysis, and pressure and gas monitoring.
The depth is sufficient to allow divers to maintain an oxygen partial pressure of 1.3 bar on their breathing apparatus while immersed and riding a bicycle ergometer.
Environmental chamber.
The Environmental Chamber is capable of simulating a broad range of temperatures from , humidity from 5 to 95%, and wind velocity from . The chamber is instrumented to conduct physiological studies and to test various types of equipment.
Experimental diving facility.
The Experimental Diving Facility (EDF) simulates unmanned pressure conditions to sea water and temperatures can be set from . As a complement to the Ocean Simulation Facility, the EDF is used to conduct unmanned testing and evaluation of diving and hyperbaric chamber systems and components. All diving practices and procedures are tested to determine their safety, conformance to established standards, and operational suitability and limits.
Class 100,000 clean room.
Operated by certified technicians, the Class 100,000 Clean Room performs a variety of cleaning and testing tasks: oxygen cleaning of piping, valves, regulators, tanks, and filters, as well as hydrostatic testing up to . All components used in diving life-support systems are cleaned and certified to meet military standards.
Gas analysis lab.
The gas analysis laboratory is equipped for the precise analysis of gases, and it is used to evaluate diving-related problems such as offgassing and contaminant control. The laboratory’s analytical capabilities include gas chromatography, mass spectrometry, and infrared spectroscopy. The facility is currently used to develop reliable and rapid screening methods and analyzers for the Fleet.
Cardiopulmonary lab.
The cardiopulmonary laboratory consists of machines that perform a myriad of respiratory function tests and aerobic performance measurements that are often recorded before and after pressure and/or thermal exposure.
Library.
The NEDU Library contains over 120,000 documents on diving medicine, engineering, and history from around the world. Many of the NEDU publications have been scanned and are available online at the Rubicon Research Repository. Other articles can be found in the Duke University Medical Center Archive finding aids of the Undersea and Hyperbaric Medical Society library collection.
Personnel.
The 120 person NEDU Team includes highly qualified and experienced military divers with a combined 1,000 man-years of diving experience: Sea-Air-Land (SEAL), Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD), Salvage, Saturation, Seabee, Diving Officer, and Diving Medical Officer (DMO), Ph.D. scientists, engineers, various science-degreed professionals and support personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="19267859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267859" title="Broken Journey">
Broken Journey

Broken Journey is a 1948 British drama film directed by Ken Annakin and featuring Phyllis Calvert, James Donald, Margot Grahame, Raymond Huntley and Guy Rolfe. People struggle to survive after their airliner crashes on top of a mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19267866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267866" title="Taifa of Mértola">
Taifa of Mértola

The Taifa of Mértola was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in what is now southeastern Portugal for three distinct periods: from 1033 to 1044, from 1144 to 1145 and from 1146 to 1151. From 1044 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid. Its short-lived history ended in 1151, when it was finally conquered by the Almohads.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19267932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267932" title="Joe Yingling">
Joe Yingling

Joseph Yingling was a professional baseball pitcher He appeared in one game in Major League Baseball for the Washington Nationals in 1886. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland and died there also. He was 19 when he played with the Nationals.
Coincidentally, Joe's brother, Charlie Yingling, also appeared in just one major league game, in his case as a shortstop. In 1887, the two were teammates on the minor league baseball team in Haverhill, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19267972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267972" title="ADL Registry">
ADL Registry

The Advanced Distributed Learning Registry was developed by the ADL Initiative and is the central search point for the discovery of digital objects related to DoD training, education, performance, and decision-aiding that can be redeployed, rearranged, repurposed, and rewritten. In much the same way that a card from the card catalog contains descriptive information about books in a library, the ADL Registry contains all of the registered entries that contain metadata about the digital object in a repository. "It is the first instance of a registry-based approach to repository federation resulting from the Content Object Repository Discovery and Registration/Resolution Architecture (CORDRA) project."
The ADL Registry provides centrally searchable information, in the form of metadata records (not actual objects). The metadata describes many different kinds of objects to enable their discovery and reuse regardless of their location or origin. Like SCORM, DoD Instruction (DoDI) 1322.26 Development, Management, and Delivery of Distributed Learning. DoDI 1322.26 requires that all acquired or developed SCORM content packages shall include metadata, be registered in the ADL Registry, and be maintained in DoD Components’ repositories that are searchable and accessible.
This centralized registration is now required through a DoD Instruction (1322.26) “Development, Management and Delivery of Distributed Learning.” Precisely what is registered are the metadata that describe the learning object in a structured way. This is accomplished through a component of SCORM, the Learning Object Metadata standard, now designated as IEEE 1484.12.1. In this way, the author, creation date, version number, keywords and other vital information for this individual object is available to the developer, instructor or student with a single search.
The mandatory metadata that is required by the ADL Registry to contribute an item is a subset of the IEEE Learning Object Metadata (LOM) standard and has been adapted for use in the ADL community of practice. Additional LOM elements can be used to more fully describe registered objects since the ADL Registry indexes all metadata so that others can find, redeploy, rearrange, repurpose, or rewrite digital objects.
Unique Aspects.
Unlike a standard Internet search engine, the ADL Registry provides highly-targeted search results, significantly reducing the number of irrelevant matches because digital objects:
Few would question the value of Web-searching technologies such as Google and Yahoo. However, these technologies do not address important requirements of the learning, education and training communities. Three key limitations are:
Google-type Web search uses indexed data that is created by “crawling” through the entire World Wide Web to see what is accessible and machine readable. A good deal of digital content used for learning is not accessible to Web crawlers (by policy or lack of infrastructure) or is unreadable because it is in a digital format that Web crawlers can’t easily interpret or the digital object is not available or indexed.
Google-type Web search finds everything and anything that might be relevant; there is no reliable means to filter content for authenticity, validity, currency and other criteria to limit the results to truly relevant learning content.
Mission-critical use cases cannot afford the hit-or-miss nature of today’s “index-everything” search strategies.
Web searching using Google and similar services provides fabulous value on many levels and will no doubt evolve and improve over time, as search algorithms become more sophisticated. But, the solution to finding content that is intentionally created for specific learning objectives, or that has special, well-crafted, instructional or informational value, and that has been vetted, authorized and made available for use by those who really need it, remains a technical and organizational challenge.
ADL Registry metadata is:

</doc>
<doc id="19267988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267988" title="Theo Tams">
Theo Tams

Theo Tams (born 12 July 1985) is a Canadian singer and the winner of the sixth season of the CTV reality show "Canadian Idol". His debut album, "Give It All Away", was released on 19 May 2009 by Sony Music Canada.
Early life.
Tams grew up in Coaldale, Alberta, and he attended Immanuel Christian High School in Lethbridge. Tams played trumpet in high school, and is self-taught on piano. Before "Idol", he was a student at the University of Lethbridge, studying classical music and psychology. He is taking a leave from his studies to pursue a music career.
Tams released the EP "Unexpected" in 2005.
"Canadian Idol".
At his audition for "Canadian Idol" in February 2008, Tams drew laughs from the judges as he demonstrated evidence of his anxiety-related perspiration, having soaked through his shirt.
Tams most often performed while playing piano. His performances included "Apologize" by OneRepublic, "Collide" by Howie Day, Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry", and Jann Arden's "Good Mother". "Idol" judge Zack Werner described Tams' performance of Bryan Adams' "Heaven" as "one of the top two or three performances in the history of the show."
He won "Canadian Idol" on September 10, 2008, after singing three songs on the final performance show that included "Sing" (released to radio and digital download on 11 September 2008), which was the winner's single chosen for him. The runner-up, Nova Scotia carpenter Mitch MacDonald, performed a different song as his own potential winner's single, the first time this has been done on "Canadian Idol".
Although the "Idol" winner's first album usually is released about two months after the show's finale, Tams had much longer to prepare his. Tams said he appreciated the longer time, and hoped to have some songs he wrote himself included on the album.
Post-"Idol".
Tams moved to Toronto to work on collaborations for his debut album. Tams toured Canada along with runner-up Mitch MacDonald and third-place finisher Drew Wright in November–December 2008.
Career.
"Christmas Dream" (2008).
Tams released the single "Christmas Dream", a song he cowrote with Luke McMaster, Simon Wilcox and Greg Johnston. The B-side of the single is a cover of "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)", and all proceeds are being donated to the charity Free the Children. It peaked at #69 on the Canadian Hot 100.
Tams also performed with Eva Avila and David Archuleta for Toronto's CHUM FM's annual Christmas Wish Breakfast.
"Give It All Away" (2009–2010).
On 17 March 2009, his first single from his album was released, "Lazy Lovers", written by Tams, Hawksley Workman, and Greg Johnston.
His debut album, "Give It All Away", was released on 19 May 2009. It features seven songs he co-wrote, which is more than any previous "Idol". Writing collaborators on the album include Simon Wilcox, Hawksley Workman, Sarah Slean, and Damhnait Doyle. A cross-Canada tour is planned for September.
Tams released a charity Christmas single alongside Ali Slaight called "Do You Hear What I Hear." This song went to #1 on the Canadian AC Chart.
Tams's next single is "Manhattan Blue." The music video for the song was released May 28, 2010. The video features So You Think You Can Dance Canada second season winner Tara-Jean Popowich and Vincent Desjardins. The video premiered on ET Canada on June 17, 2010.
In April 2010 Theo Tams sought out a new management and business team to handle his career, a move that has already demonstrated a renewed energy and strategic direction for Theo as he moves to the next level and his all important 'sophomore' album that will create a clear distinction between the 'Idol' and the long-term 'career-artist'.
Tams headlined a 15 date cross-Canada tour with special guests StereoGoesStellar, which started August 7, 2010 and met with much critical acclaim as he toured smaller more intimate venues playing in an up close and personal presentation of his songs solo on piano.
Second studio album (2011–present).
Tams explains that his second album, which will be released in 2011 will be a real "artist" album in so far as it will showcase just exactly who he is and what he stands for as a singer/songwriter. It will dig deeper emotionally than his debut album and represent almost a "song diary" that comes from a mixture of his life experiences since "Give It All Away" and from other parts of his life before his Idol experience. One of his new songs focuses on his experience in Afghanistan. Theo has already begun the intense writing process with one of his heroes, who will also be producing the record. It is expected that the project will be formally announced towards the end of January 2011 and the production team named.
Personal life.
Tams came out as gay during the show's run by referring to a male partner during one of his post-performance interviews. This made him the first openly gay performer to win an "Idol" series in North America. He subsequently endorsed Adam Lambert in the 2009 edition of "American Idol", and included two gay couples, one male and one female, in the video for his single "Lazy Lovers" . Theo is also a fan of Ellen DeGeneres, and wants to be on her show. He also admires Mother Teresa and her work.
On June 28, 2010, Theo took a trip to Afghanistan to perform for the Canadian troops on Canada Day. This was an opportunity for him to visit Canadian and allied troops not only on the base in Kandahar but he travelled by Blackhawk outside of the wire to meet with and hear the stories of the front-line troops. On July 14, he told Canada AM that it was "the most surreal experiences I've ever had."
Discography.
"Main article:" "Theo Tams discography"

</doc>
<doc id="19267994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19267994" title="Lampruna">
Lampruna

Lampruna is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19268006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268006" title="Dive into Stream">
Dive into Stream

DIVE INTO STREAM, released on July 2, 2008, is the twenty-ninth original single by the Japanese band m.o.v.e. The catalogue code for this single is AVCT-30129. "Dive Into Stream" is used as the opening music for Initial D Extreme Stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19268013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268013" title="Lemyra">
Lemyra

Lemyra is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It contains many species from East and South Asia, Sundaland and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19268021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268021" title="Monastiri, Ioannina">
Monastiri, Ioannina

Monastiri (, meaning "monastery", before 1928: Μποτσιφάρι - "Botsifari") is a settlement in the Ioannina regional unit in Epirus, Greece. It is situated on the northwestern slopes of Smolikas, at the elevation of 950m. Below the village is the river Sarantaporos, which empties into the Aoos a few kilometers west before entering Albania. It is in the municipality of Konitsa. In 2001 its population was 53. It is 1 km southwest of Molista, 10 km northeast of Konitsa and 18 km east of Leskovik (Albania).

</doc>
<doc id="19268032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268032" title="Lepidilema">
Lepidilema

Lepidilema is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lepidilema unipectinata, which is found in Kenya, Malawi and Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19268035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268035" title="Lepidojulia">
Lepidojulia

Lepidojulia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lepidojulia arnaui, which is found in the Tucumán Province of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19268037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268037" title="Black Tide (novel)">
Black Tide (novel)

Black Tide (1999) is a crime novel by Australian author Peter Temple. This is the second novel in the author's Jack Irish series.
Dedication.
"For Anita, Nicholas, and Louise: the Charity, the Hope, and the Faith."
Notes.
This novel has also been published in USA (in 2005 by MacAdam/Cage), in Canada (in 2006 by Anchor Canada), in the UK (in 2008 by Quercus as part of "Bad Debts: A Jack Irish Omnibus") and in Holland, in a Dutch language edition (in 2003 by De Boekerij) with a translation by Paul Witte.

</doc>
<doc id="19268045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268045" title="Lepidokirbyia">
Lepidokirbyia

Lepidokirbyia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19268056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268056" title="Drumming out">
Drumming out

Drumming out is the historical act of being dishonorably dismissed from military service to the sound of a drum. In modern figurative usage, in which the term is sometimes altered to "drub[bing/bed/etc.] out," it may refer to any act of expulsion or dismissal in disgrace.
Origin.
One of the earliest recorded references to drumming out occurs in Alexander Pope's Moral Essays, 3rd epistle, 1731–1733: "Chartres was a man infamous for all manner of vices. When he was an ensign in the army, he was drummed out of the regiment for a cheat; he was next banished Brussels, and drummed out of Ghent, on the same account." 
It also occurs in a figurative sense in Thomas Amory's "The life of John Buncle", in 1766: "They ought to be drummed out of society."
American Revolutionary War.
The earliest known discharge of a United States soldier for sodomy involved the drumming out of Lieutenant Frederick Gotthold Enslin during the Revolutionary War. The diary of Lieut. James McMichael records the sentence being carried out on 15 Mar 1778: "March 15. — I this morning proceeded to the grand parade, where I was a spectator to the drumming out of Lieut. Enslin of Col. Malcom's regiment. He was first drum'd from right to left of the parade, thence to the left wing of the army; from that to the centre, and lastly transported over the Schuylkill with orders never to be seen in Camp in the future. This shocking scene was performed by all the drums and fifes in the army—the coat of the delinquent was turned wrong side out."
U.S. Civil War.
U.S. Civil War officers drummed out of service might have their heads shaved and their uniforms stripped of insignia and be paraded in front of their comrades. Fellow officers were forbidden to touch the person being dishonorably discharged, but in more than one case after the war had ended, a drummed-out man was found dead after receiving a beating from his former comrades. When someone was being drummed out, the tune "Rogue's March" would be played.
Modern uses.
At the Virginia Military Institute, cadets that are convicted of Honor Code violations are removed from the school and a formal announcement of the former cadet's offense is given in the morning after the corps is woken by drums.
In the past this ceremony was done with the dishonored Cadet present, with the Corps performing an about face as he passes between Cadets lining the route to the gates. In recent years the ceremony is no longer done with the former Cadet present.
The Drums of Honor
Fiction.
The opening to the 1965 NBC series Branded used the ceremony as the plot to series.
In the 1983 film "The Lords of Discipline", one of the main characters was dismissed from the fictional Carolina Military Institute (CMI) in such a ceremony.
See also.
Cashiering

</doc>
<doc id="19268101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268101" title="Leeward Passage">
Leeward Passage

The Leeward Passage is a channel between Hans Lollik Island and northern St. Thomas Island in the United States Virgin Islands in the West Indies.

</doc>
<doc id="19268124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268124" title="Institute of Environmental Science and Research">
Institute of Environmental Science and Research

The Institute of Environmental Science and Research Limited (ESR) is a Crown Research Institute in New Zealand.
ESR's work underpins the health and justice systems in New Zealand by providing services in environmental health and forensic science.
ESR was formed in 1992. It is a limited liability company, wholly owned by the New Zealand Government.
Capabilities.
ESR professionals cover a range of disciplines focused on safe environments for people. These are built on expert capabilities in:
ESR's National Centre for Radiation Science aims to ensure radiation science benefits New Zealand’s people, environment and industries by helping protect them from radiation and radioactive contamination, as well as promoting safe and beneficial use of radiation and radioactive materials.
Locations.
ESR's 400+ staff are located at four science centres:

</doc>
<doc id="19268126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268126" title="Borda, Goa">
Borda, Goa

Borda(Konkani:बड्डे) is a town and suburb of the city of Margao in South Goa district in the state of Goa, India close to the city of Margao.

</doc>
<doc id="19268144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268144" title="The Call of the Wild (1972 film)">
The Call of the Wild (1972 film)

The Call of the Wild is a 1972 British family adventure film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Charlton Heston, Michèle Mercier, Raimund Harmstorf, George Eastman, and Maria Rohm.
Based on Jack London's novel "The Call of the Wild", the film follows the adventures of a dog that is brought north to Canada to be used as a sled dog.
Charlton Heston in his autobiography "In the Arena: An Autobiography" made it very clear how unhappy he was with this film and asked people to not watch it.
Plot.
John Thornton (Charlton Heston) a prospector in the 1897 Klondike Gold Rush is trying to eke out a living in the harsh conditions of the bitterly cold Yukon region of Canada, with Buck the German Shepherd dog he befriends. Thornton struggles against unscrupulous rivals and natural hazards in the extreme conditions and is greatly helped by Buck who has his own story to tell: he was abducted from a family home and taken north to become a working sled dog. Man and dog forge a true bond of friendship, working together to survive life in the treacherous frozen North. Thornton is killed by Yeehat Indians, but Buck kills the men to avenge John Thornton. At the end of the film, Buck comes to the White River to mourn the place where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="19268168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268168" title="Mitch MacDonald">
Mitch MacDonald

Mitch MacDonald (born October 22, 1985 Port Hood) is a Canadian singer who was runner-up in season 6 of the reality series "Canadian Idol".
Early life.
MacDonald is from Port Hood, Nova Scotia on Cape Breton Island. He grew up in a family of seven siblings. He worked primarily as a carpenter before "Idol". He cites his musical influences as including fellow Cape Bretoner Gordie Sampson. Bright Eyes is one of his favourite bands.
Canadian Idol.
On "Canadian Idol" in 2008, MacDonald worked with such artists as Anne Murray, Simple Plan, Gavin Rossdale, and Tom Jones. During his run on "Idol", he never appeared in the "bottom two" or "bottom three".
Music writer Martha Worboy described MacDonald's music as "tender, mostly acoustic renderings." He received accolades in particular for his rendition of Joel Plaskett's "Love This Town", which drew comparisons to Paul Simon from the judges. Nova Scotia Premier Rodney MacDonald, a musician himself before entering politics, said, "The key to his success throughout the contest was that he remained true to his musical roots."
Post-Idol.
MacDonald toured Canada as part of the Top 3 Tour tour, with Theo Tams, and Drew Wright.
As of 2010, he continued to tour occasionally, both in his home province and in other parts of Canada, and he started work on an album.

</doc>
<doc id="19268177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268177" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Victoria County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Victoria County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Victoria County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Victoria County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19268178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268178" title="Hans Lang">
Hans Lang

Hans Lang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19268183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268183" title="Gogol, Goa">
Gogol, Goa

Gogol is a town and suburb of the city of Margao in South Goa district in the state of Goa, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19268190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268190" title="Peter Behn">
Peter Behn

Peter Behn (born October 24, 1934) is an American voice actor. He is best known for providing the voice of the young Thumper in the film "Bambi".
Early life and education.
Peter Behn was born on 24 October 1934 in Prescott, Arizona to Harry Behn (1889-1973), a screenwriter and children's author, and his wife Alice Behn (nee Lawrence, 1905-1989). He had two other siblings: a brother named Prescott and a sister named Pamela. Behn's paternal grandfather Henry was German and his paternal grandmother Maren (née Christensen) was Danish. His family lived in Arizona and Greenwich, Connecticut. Behn was educated at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, where he was a member of the school's swim team. After graduating, he went onto attend Yale University and serve two years in the United States Army.
Film career.
Behn's only film role to date is voicing the young Thumper in the 1942 Disney film "Bambi", a role he was actually uncredited for. Though a small role, the character Thumper and the movie Bambi are cultural icons, giving Behn immortality among Disney fans of all generations. Behn appeared in a documentary about the making of "Bambi" in 1994. He was 4 years old when he voiced the role.
After Bambi.
As an adult, Behn moved to Warren, Vermont in 1964, where he worked as a real estate broker. He had two sons and one daughter by his first wife, Ulla Behn (née Nielsen). Behn retired to Park City, Utah in 1997, where he lives in a passive solar home.
He later remarried to Pam Pease. Behn has two sons named Nils and Christopher, one daughter named Kirsten, and one stepson named Jude. He has eight grandchildren named Ally, Bodil, Haley, Hana, Hunter, Kyle, Lexi, and Milo.

</doc>
<doc id="19268201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268201" title="Mox-Linde Gases">
Mox-Linde Gases

Mox-Linde Gases Sdn Bhd (formerly known as Malaysia Oxygen Berhad or MOX), is Malaysia's leading industrial gases company. Established in 1960, MOX specializes in providing total gas solutions, namely manufacturing and distributing industrial, special and medical gases, installations of gas equipment, pipelines and engineering services. In addition, MOX also offer packaged chemicals, welding and consumables products.
Currently, MOX is a member of The Linde Group through share buyout in 2007. 
MOX has 21 plants nationwide in industrial parks such as Shah Alam, Bayan Lepas, Kulim, Pasir Gudang and Kerteh. Besides that, the company also has sales center in major towns in Malaysia.
In 2010, MOX-Linde has been named the Manufacturer of the Year 2010 in the large companies category by the Federation of Malaysian Manufacturers (FMM).

</doc>
<doc id="19268222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268222" title="Comba, Goa">
Comba, Goa

Comba← Konkani is a town and suburb of the city of Margao in South Goa district in the state of Goa, India close to the city of Margao.
Comba is famous for Margao's well-known temple-hall "Dambaba Saal".It has Damodar Temple along with Ram temple. The initial settlement of Margao grew from the site of the ancient Damodar Temple.At the centre of Comba there is a famous Vithal Mandir.
Dedicated to the deity - Shree Vithal Rakhumayi Dindi(Festival) has been celebrated in Margao since 1909, starting from Kartikein Maha-ekadashi, coinciding with the famous Pandharpur zatra held in Maharashtra the hometown of the deity.The Dindi festival at the Vithal Rakhumai temple in Comba occurs on the 2nd day after Diwali. The main celebration of Dindi to be held includes the annual procession of the palanquin with the deity, commencing from Shree Hari Mandir Devasthan(Margao) and slowly passing through the entire Margao town, to reach the Shree Vithal-Rakhumayi temple at Comba.
The feast of the Holy Spirit Church (located at comba), locally known as purumetache fest occurs just before the Monsoon sets in. People from all over Goa congregate at the special market to buy spices and dried fish to be used during the oncoming rainy season.
Education.
The Damodar college is situated in Comba,Goa.also,Vidya Vikas Academy(English medium)I.C.S.E. board school is located in Comba.

</doc>
<doc id="19268241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268241" title="Kochyerigin DI-6">
Kochyerigin DI-6

Kochyerigin DI-6 (internal designation TsKB-11; ) was a two-seat fighter biplane produced in the Soviet Union in the 1930s. 
DI-6 was developed at TsKB as a fighter that would also be capable of ground attack when fitted with different armament. Originally intended to use a liquid-cooled V-12 engine, problems with its development led to the choice of the Wright R-1820 radial engine instead. The first flight took place on 30 September 1934, and testing began in earnest in early 1935, with State Acceptance Trials following between May and November. Despite a number of weaknesses discovered during testing, the type was ordered into production, and deliveries to the Air Force commenced in spring 1937. Problems including excessive vibration, and a poor field of fire for the gunner, were never adequately resolved, and the various fixes implemented to cure these and other problems eventually added around 160 kg (350 lb) to the aircraft's weight. Production continued until 1939.
DI-6 was a conventional single-bay biplane of mixed construction with cable-retracted main landing gear. The pilot and the tail gunner sat in tandem cockpits, the pilot's open, and the gunner's partially enclosed. To maximize the gunner's arc of fire, the rear cockpit was set lower in the fuselage than the pilot's.
Operational history.
Pre-Glastnost Western sources often reported these aircraft as having participated in the Battle of Khalkhin Gol against Japan in 1939, and even in the Winter War against Finland, but more recent scholarship has failed to uncover any evidence that it was deployed in either case. A replica DI-6 is displayed in Victory Park, at the Museum of the Great Patriotic War, Moscow. 

</doc>
<doc id="19268259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268259" title="Colva">
Colva

Colvá is a coastal village in Salcete, south Goa, on the west coast of India. Colvá beach stretches for around 2.4 km, part of a beach consisting of about 25 km of powder white sand, lined along its shore by coconut palms and extending from Bogmalo in the north to Cabo de Rama in the south. 
Colvá is a famous tourist destination, enjoyed for its beaches, budget hotels, guest houses, beach shacks, food stalls, restaurants, pubs and bars. The beaches are constantly monitored by lifeguards and the swimming areas flagged.
The village had significant importance to Portugal and was the retreat for Goa's high society, who would come to Colvá for their "Mundanca" or change of air. Today the Portuguese area is dotted with beautiful houses or villas, including many ruins. On weekends huge crowds of tourists, visitors from around the world as well as local Indians, enjoy the sunset and various activities. The beach is particularly busy in October, when hordes of religious pilgrims come and visit Colvá Church called Igreja de Nossa Senhora das Merces that was founded in 1630 by the Roiz family and rebuilt in the eighteenth century on the village square.
The local people have been fishermen since the mid-16th century, Hindu converts as well as migrants from various Portuguese overseas territories such as Angola, Mozambique, Brazil, etc. as well as Portugal itself.
History.
Colvá was a vast barren uninhabited land with a beautiful Arabian Sea beach that had beach plants such as scaevola sericea until a few Goud Saraswat Brahmin settled there as migrants, primarily in the neighbouring village of Benaulim. The mughals, the people of Adil Shahi dynasty preferred the north and hilly regions of Goa, where they built forts and defences, rather than the coastal belt and hence had not touched the barren land of Colvá. It was the Portuguese conquest which established the western regions of South Goa as a full fledged human settlement. 
Colvá was under Portuguese administration as the Province of Portuguese-Goa from 1510 until 1961 ( and was still under dispute and represented in the Parliament of Portugal till 1974/75). It was the village of the Portuguese Roiz family, the descendants of D.Diogo Rodrigues and its villagers. The village had belonged since 1550 to D.Diogo Rodrigues who was the Lord of Colvá (Landlord of Colvá). He built the first Portuguese architecture residential house in 1551 facing away from the sea and at a distance from the shore to avoid any enemy attacks from the Arabian sea. The entire beach called Praia da Colvá belonged to him. 
In the 18th century, one of Diogo's descendants, Sebastião José Roiz, ordered the village people to plant coconut trees along the entire coastline, which the villagers thought was a waste of time as the soil was white and thus infertile and unable sustain their growth. However today the shore line is fringed by those plantations of coconut trees. The entire Colvá shore and beach property as far as Betalbatim was inherited by various descendants of the Roiz family until the late 20th century, after which parts were handed over to the Government of Goa under the post-1974 Indian administration following the 1961 annexation of Goa by India. The rest of the land was sold.
Colvá is still famous for the white-washed Our Lady Of Mercy church, also known as Igreja de Nossa Senhora das Merces, that was founded in 1630 and rebuilt in the eighteenth century in the village square. It houses the miraculous statue of 'Menino Jesus' (Baby Jesus) which was introduced by a Jesuit missionary and which is believed to have healing powers. According to local legend the statue at Our Lady of Mercy church was found in the mid-seventeenth century on the coast of Mozambique after Rev Fr. Bento Ferreira and his party had been shipwrecked off the coast. After swimming to safety they spotted it as it was washed ashore after being dumped into the sea by Muslim pirates. In 1648 when Father Ferreira was posted to Colvá he placed the statue on the altar and it soon started drawing large crowds of devotees as it granted their favours. The Menino Jesus statue is kept for public viewing in October for the annual Fama ('Fame') festival for which thousands of people assemble. This is the only time that it is removed from the triple vault locks of the Church. It is then dipped into a nearby river after a procession and the pilgrims use this water for anointment and good luck.
Demographics and Geography.
Location.
Colvá has an average elevation of 1.1 metres (3.1 feet). Its main village market is located behind the church which is about 2.3 km away from the beach; there are various other shops at the cross road near the beach. Colvá recognises three beaches; firstly the main Colvá beach which is the prime beach, secondly Sunset beach (towards Betalbatim) which is less congested and thirdly Baywatch beach (towards Benaulim at Sernabatim). Colvá is from Margao and from Panajim. The closest railway station is in Margao followed by Vasco da Gama, Goa. The airport is Dabolim Airport (GOI) at Vasco da Gama, Goa. The neighbouring villages are Betalbatim and Benaulim and the nearest city Margao.
Distances around Goa (from Colva):
Margao - 8 km
Vasco - 35 km
Mapusa - 53 km
Calangute - 56 km
Ponda - 28 km
Dabolim Airport - 28 km
Panjim - 40 km
Tiracol - 82 km
Language.
The Saxtti dialect of Konkani, belonging to the Indo-European family of languages, is the local language and spoken widely by the people of Colvá. Konkani, also spelt Concani, is primarily written in the Latin script in Colvá. Portuguese is spoken by the elite and older generations including the ones with Portuguese ancestry. English is spoken by all and is compulsorily taught in schools. Hindi is spoken by migrants after the Invasion of Goa and is spreading in all regions of Goa.
Climate.
Colvá features a tropical monsoon climate under the Köppen climate classification. Colvá, being in the tropical zone and near the Arabian Sea, has a hot and humid climate for most of the year. The month of May is the hottest, seeing day temperatures of over 35 °C (95 °F) coupled with high humidity. The monsoon rains arrive by early June and provide a much needed respite from the heat. Most of Colvá's annual rainfall is received through the monsoons which last till late September.
Colvá has a short winter season between mid-December and February. These months are marked by nights of around 21 °C (68 °F) and days of around 28 °C (84 °F) with moderate amounts of humidity.
Culture.
Religion.
Colvá is predominantly Roman Catholic and has Hindus as well as Muslims who live there with peace and harmony. The recently constructed Mangueshi temple is the presence of a growing Hindu population in Colvá. The festivals of all religions are celebrated and enjoyed by all communities. The main village church has various masses and novenas at various times of the year. The traditions of 'saibin' or Mother of Jesus visiting each one's home is still continued. The traditional feast called 'Fama' is celebrated on the 2nd Monday of October every year and pilgrims from around the world take part.
Food and beverages.
Colvakars or people from Colvá love fish and seafood. The cuisine is influenced by Hindu Gaud Saraswat Brahmin origins and four hundred years of Portuguese governance and recently a blend of modern techniques. The locals enjoy rice with fish curry ("xitt kodi" in Konkani), which is the staple diet in Goa. Colvá cuisine is famous for its rich variety of fish dishes cooked with elaborate recipes. Coconut and coconut oil are widely used in cooking along with chili peppers, spices and vinegar giving the food a unique flavour. Various seafood delicacies include kingfish (visvonn), the most common delicacy, pomfret, shark, tuna and mackerel. Among the shellfish are crabs, prawns, tiger prawns, lobster, squid and mussels. Colvá food has pork dishes such as vindaloo, chouriço and sorpotel. Beef dishes and chicken xacuti are cooked for major occasions amongst the Catholics. Sannas are relished. A rich egg-based multi-layered sweet dish known as bebinca is a favourite at Christmas. Rissóis de camarão, beef croquettes, fried mussels and semolina prawns are favourite starters.
The most popular alcoholic beverage in Goa and enjoyed in Colvá is feni; Cashew feni is made from the fermentation of the fruit of the cashew tree, while coconut feni is made from the sap of toddy palms. The people also love wine, especially on feast days.

</doc>
<doc id="19268305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268305" title="1977 Chatham Cup">
1977 Chatham Cup

The 1977 Chatham Cup was the 50th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Early stages of the competition were run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with the National League teams receiving a bye until the Fourth Round of the competition. In all, 142 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition: some start round one with the beginning of the regional qualifications; others start numbering from the first national knock-out stage. The former numbering scheme is used in this article.
The 1977 final.
Nelson United became the first team from outside the four main urban centres to win the cup since 1962. Their winning team contained several players who were to make a considerable mark on New Zealand soccer, either as players or administrators, among them Kevin Fallon, Kenny Cresswell, Peter Simonsen, and Keith MacKay. Against them was a Mount Wellington side containing the likes of Ron Armstrong, Brian Turner, Tony Sibley, and Earle Thomas.
The final was low-scoring but not without excitement. The only goal came early in the second half when referee John Perkins pointed to the spot after a foul on Nelson's David Powdrell by Stewart Carruthers. The penalty was converted by John Enoka giving Nelson a one goal lead they never relinquished.

</doc>
<doc id="19268310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268310" title="Sulaiman Al Mazroui">
Sulaiman Al Mazroui

Sulaiman Khamis Humaid Al-Mazroui commonly known as Sulaiman Al-Mazroui (; born 13 September 1972) is an Omani footballer who played for Muscat Club and the Oman national football team. He is also currently the longest serving player of the national team for a total of 15 years of representing Oman. Although he is a goalkeeper, in the early part of his career he was an outfield player. He was also the captain of the national team. He represented the national in the 2007 Asian Cup wearing the number 1 jersey. He was the substitute goalkeeper for Oman throughout the tournament due to the presence of Ali Al-Habsi.

</doc>
<doc id="19268325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268325" title="Beta Equulei">
Beta Equulei

Beta Equulei (Beta Equ, β Equulei, β Equ) is an A-type main sequence star in the constellation of Equuleus. It has an overall apparent visual magnitude of approximately 5.159.
β Equulei has four optical visual companions. They are not physically related to the star described above.

</doc>
<doc id="19268328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268328" title="Jules Verne Museum">
Jules Verne Museum

The Musée Jules Verne is a museum dedicated to the French writer Jules Verne. It is located in the city of Nantes, France.
Description.
The museum is housed in a beautiful late 19th century building, which overlooks the Loire River. While Verne never lived in the building, its surroundings reflect the atmosphere which influenced his work.
The museum has a collection of artifacts, replicas of his inventions, and memorabilia inspired by his writings. The museum is divided into eight different themes/rooms:
Location.
The museum is located at 3, rue de l'Hermitage, Nantes.

</doc>
<doc id="19268403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268403" title="Hans Lang (Austrian composer)">
Hans Lang (Austrian composer)

Hans Lang (5 July 1908, Vienna – 28 January 1992, Vienna) was an Austrian composer of light music, film music and Viennese songs.
He wrote one operetta, the "musikalisches Lustspiel", "Lisa, benimm dich!", which premiered in Vienna on 21 March 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19268419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268419" title="Tail Swallower and Dove">
Tail Swallower and Dove

Tail Swallower and Dove is the third and final album by Seattle-based post-hardcore band These Arms Are Snakes, released on October 7, 2008 on Suicide Squeeze Records.
Vinyl information.
1st Press:

</doc>
<doc id="19268422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268422" title="Raia, Goa">
Raia, Goa

Raia is a quiet and picturesque village and part of the Margao Metropolitan area in the South Goa district in the state of Goa, India close to the city of Margao.
Raia village is close to Lotulim, Ambora, Rachol, Maina village. Raia is famous for its Harvest feast "Konsache fest" celebrated with great festivity on August 5 every year. The feast mass is celebrated at Our Lady of Snows Church, Raia.
Raia village comes under the Curtorim constituency.
It has the distinction of being the first village in Salcette to have been Christianised, when it's populace was converted "en masse" to Christianity in 1560. 

</doc>
<doc id="19268430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268430" title="The Call of the Wild (1908 film)">
The Call of the Wild (1908 film)

The Call of the Wild is a 1908 American short adventure film directed by D.W. Griffith. It starred Charles Inslee, Harry Solter and Florence Lawrence. The film was made by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company when it and many other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based in Fort Lee, New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century. This film is preserved in the paper print collection of the Library of Congress.
Despite its similarity in title it is unrelated to the Jack London story.
Plot.
A white girl (Florence Lawrence) rejects a proposal from an Indian brave (Charles Inslee) in this early one-reel Western melodrama. Despite the rejection, the Indian still comes to the girl's defense when she is abducted by his warring tribe. In her first year in films, Florence Lawrence was already the most popular among the Biograph Company's anonymous stock company players. By 1909, she was known the world over as "The Biograph Girl."

</doc>
<doc id="19268440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268440" title="Dead Point">
Dead Point

Dead Point (2000) is a Ned Kelly Award winning novel by Australian author Peter Temple. This is the third novel in the author's Jack Irish series.
Dedication.
"For Gerhard and Karin, dear friends, for all the good times: Kom dans, Klaradyn."
Notes.
This novel has also been published in the UK (in 2008 by Quercus as part of "Bad Debts: A Jack Irish Omnibus") and in Holland, in a Dutch language edition (in 2001 by De Boekerij) with a translation by Paul Witte.

</doc>
<doc id="19268445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268445" title="Robinsons Place Bacolod">
Robinsons Place Bacolod

Robinsons Place Bacolod is a shopping mall located in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental, Philippines. It opened in 1997 and features anchors like Robinsons Supermarket, Robinsons Department Store and Toys R Us. Local patrons fondly call the shopping mall, "Rob".
Anchors.
Robinsons Place Bacolod features the following anchors:
External Links.
Robinsons Place Bacolod

</doc>
<doc id="19268458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268458" title="Arctic Lake Plateau">
Arctic Lake Plateau

The Arctic Lake Plateau is a lava plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Arctic Lake at the south end of Mount Edziza Provincial Park and Recreation Area.
This Arctic Lake should not be confused with the other Arctic Lakes in British Columbia, which lies northeast of the city of Prince George in a pairing known as the Arctic and Pacific Lakes, which with their adjoining mountain ranges are at the northwestern extremity of the McGregor Plateau

</doc>
<doc id="19268461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268461" title="Point Lengua de Vaca">
Point Lengua de Vaca

Point Lengua de Vaca is a headland on the coast of the Coquimbo Region south of the city of Coquimbo in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="19268462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268462" title="Value for Money">
Value for Money

Value for Money is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin and starring John Gregson, Donald Pleasence, Leslie Phillips, Joan Hickson, Derek Farr and Diana Dors.
Synopsis.
A wealthy young man (Gregson) from Yorkshire visits a London nightclub and meets a performer (Dors). She decides to take him for every penny he is worth, and he decides to let her.

</doc>
<doc id="19268467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268467" title="Satoru Mizushima">
Satoru Mizushima

In 1988 he released his first film, "The Story of the Panda", about a Japanese woman who helps Chinese people raise a panda. In 1992 he released his second film, "Goodbye Heiji", about a blind girl and her seeing-eye dog.
He released "The Truth about Nanjing" (2007), a film that states that the Nanking Massacre was political propaganda. In 2010 he was one of the founders of Ganbare Nippon.

</doc>
<doc id="19268470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268470" title="Sing (Theo Tams song)">
Sing (Theo Tams song)

"Sing" is the debut single by Theo Tams, the winner of season 6 of "Canadian Idol". 
Background.
The song was written by Rob Wells (who has also written songs for Melissa O'Neil, Nick Lachey, Backstreet Boys, and Eva Avila) and Xandy Barry. The single was produced by Gavin Brown.
Release.
It was released for digital downloads on September 11, 2008, and then the next week it made a "Hot Shot Debut" at number 12 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart due to digital downloads.
The track is included as a bonus track on Tams' 2009 album debut, "Give It All Away".

</doc>
<doc id="19268471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268471" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Tarrant County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tarrant County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Tarrant County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Tarrant County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19268484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268484" title="East/West (album)">
East/West (album)

East/West is the 18th album, first double CD and first live album, by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. Released in 2005, it features performances by Frisell, Viktor Krauss and Kenny Wollesen which were recorded at Yoshi's in Oakland, California on December 9, 2003 (CD 1 - West) and performances by Frisell with Tony Scherr and Kenny Wollesen recorded on May 11, 2004 at the Village Vanguard in New York City (CD2 - East). An additional second set of material from both the "East" and "West" venues was made available as a downloadable album "Further East/Further West".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Sean Westergaard awarded the album 4 stars stating "The group improvisations also add a bit of spark. Folks who discovered Frisell in the late '90s with albums like Nashville are going to love this set.".

</doc>
<doc id="19268529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268529" title="White Dog (novel)">
White Dog (novel)

White Dog (2003) is a 2003 Australian novel by Peter Temple. The fourth novel in the "Jack Irish" series, it won the 2003 Ned Kelly Awards Best Novel for Crime Writing. It was reprinted in the United Kingdom in 2007 by Quercus.
Plot summary.
A Melbourne property developer is murdered and his artist ex-girlfriend is the prime suspect. Jack Irish, a lone private investigator, comes in to investigate. In his investigation, he figures out quite the surprise.
Style and subject matter.
Reviewer Hutchings describes the novel as "classic detective fiction" typified by its first-person narrative and "engagement with the city". Hutchings also suggests that "the sense of times past" conveyed by Temple in this novel is central to other writers in this genre, such as Raymond Chandler whose hero, Philip Marlowe, is "an anachronistic knight-errant, a defender of past decencies". He suggests that for Temple, along with the Australian crime writers Marele Day, Peter Corris and Cathy Cole, "the detective offers a link to a disappearing working-class, egalitarian Australia".
As in all his Jack Irish novels, Australian Rules Football and horse racing feature in "The White Dog". 

</doc>
<doc id="19268532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268532" title="Leteprinim">
Leteprinim

Leteprinim (Neotrofin, AIT-082) is a hypoxanthine derivative drug with neuroprotective and nootropic effects. It stimulates release of nerve growth factors and enhances survival of neurons in the brain, and is under development as a potential treatment for neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19268545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268545" title="Big Raven Plateau">
Big Raven Plateau

The Big Raven Plateau is a lava plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada, located west of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park and Recreation Area. It is part of the Tahltan Highland, which is the southwestern sub-region of the Stikine Plateau.

</doc>
<doc id="19268560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268560" title="1997 Buffalo Bills season">
1997 Buffalo Bills season

The 1997 Buffalo Bills season was their 38th in the league. The team failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 10–6, instead falling to 6–10. They missed the playoffs for only the second time in ten seasons. 1997 was Hall of Fame head coach Marv Levy's final year as the team's head coach.
Todd Collins started at quarterback for the Bills in their first season in the post-Jim Kelly era. The Bills also signed Oakland's Billy Joe Hobert to challenge Collins for the starting job. Third-string quarterback Alex Van Pelt also saw playing time with three starts in Collins' absence.
Hobert's contract was terminated after Week Seven, in which Hobert was backing up an injured Collins, and after the game revealed to the media that he had not studied the playbook. Hobert was released the next day.
One of the most memorable games in Buffalo Bills history occurred in Week Four against the Indianapolis Colts. The Colts roared to a 26–0 lead in the second quarter, before the Bills went on a 37–3 run, ultimately taking the lead 37–29 with 1:15 remaining in the game. The Colts closed to within two, but missed a two-point conversion, giving Buffalo a two-point victory. The game was the second-greatest regular season comeback in NFL history (second only to a 28-point comeback by the 1980 49ers), and the second greatest in team history (second to "The Comeback" in the 1992 playoffs.)
Offseason.
Prior to the 1997 season, the Bills announced they would not be re-signing long-time quarterback (and future Hall of Famer) Jim Kelly. This left the Bills forced to find a different opening day starting quarterback for the first time since 1985. Third-year quarterback Todd Collins started the season, and the Bills signed former Raiders quarterback Billy Joe Hobert, whose contract was terminated after a Week Seven loss to New England.
NFL Draft.
One notable player that was not drafted by the Bills, but debuted for the team in 1997, was future Pro Bowl defensive tackle Pat Williams, who played with the team for eight seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19268566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268566" title="Military Hospital Rawalpindi">
Military Hospital Rawalpindi

The Military Hospital Rawalpindi is the largest hospital of the Pakistan Armed Forces, being the only one in the Pakistan Army with an ISO certification, located in the city of Rawalpindi. Before independence in 1947 it was called the Indian Military Hospital Rawalpindi.
Its commandant/CEO is a serving Major General (Major General Amjad Faheem) of Army Medical Corps. It has one Deputy Commandant with the rank of Brigadier (Brigadier Zafar Iqbal Mughal) and two Assistant Commandants (Administrators) with the rank of Colonel (Col Arshad Javed Cheema and Col Athar). Its family wing is looked after by a Lady Medical Officer with the rank of Brigadier. It is an affiliated hospital of the Army Medical College and Armed Forces Post Graduate Medical Institute, Rawalpindi. It is also a teaching institution for nurses and paramedics.
The hospital, established in 1857, has 1200 beds for in-patient treatment. The hospital comprises three medical units, Departments of Surgery, Family Medicine, Dermatology, Pediatrics, Gynecology and Obstetrics, and Department of Intensive Care Units. The bed occupancy rate is about 95 percent. The General Medical Council of the UK recognizes the hospital for postgraduate training in various disciplines. The hospital looks after a variety of patients and the medical students of this college are given practical clinical training by the various specialists and professors. The hospital also provides tertiary care facilities. Unfortunately the Hospital does not remains now the largest hospital. Its Radiology, Ophthalmology and Psychiatry departments are now independent units with thir own administrative set up. It is hoped that the department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics will also become independent in few months. Thus the unity of command by the Commandant of Military Hospital ( MH ) will no more exist over all departments.
It is recognised for postgraduate training by the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Pakistan. This hospital has state of the art Hospital Management System (HMS) developed by Interactive Convergence, Islamabad in collaboration with Pak Army's Medical Directorate and C4I Dte (CSS Div.). 

</doc>
<doc id="19268573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268573" title="Charles Pigeon">
Charles Pigeon

Charles-Joseph Pigeon (29 March 1838 – 18 March 1915) was born in Le Mesnil-Lieubray in Normandy in France.
He started as a salesman in Le Bon Marché in Paris, where he became a close friend of Ernest Cognacq, subsequently the founder of the Samaritaine department store.
Pigeon became a dealer in cycle lamps and other lamps. His invention and manufacture of the Pigeon lamp, a non-exploding gasoline lamp, in 1884 (exhibited at the "Exposition universelle de 1900"), made him famous and wealthy.
After his death he remains noted for his family grave in Montparnasse Cemetery in Paris, which he commissioned in 1905 to hold up to 18 family members. The main feature is a life-sized bronze sculpture of Pigeon (notebook and pencil in hand) and his wife lying on a bed, overlooked by an angel.

</doc>
<doc id="19268578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268578" title="MIRARCO">
MIRARCO

Mining Innovation Rehabilitation and Applied Research Corporation, or MIRARCO, is the "largest not-for-profit applied research firm in North America." 
MIRARCO is made up of three primary divisions: 
CEM (Centre for Environmental Monitoring).
CEM develops "analytical systems and remote monitoring technologies" and provides "research and technical services" to support resource industries. CEM's primary concern is environmental sustainability.
CEM's expertise includes:
GRC (Geomechanics Research Centre).
GRC conducts "engineering and scientific research and development in the field of geotechnical engineering," applying its findings to "promote safer and more economical excavations at depth." GRC's primary concern is geological risk assessment and management.
GRC's expertise includes:
EVO (Enhanced Visualization and Optimization).
EVO was created in 2008 from the former CMT (Centre for Mining Technology) and VREX (Virtual Reality Exploration) groups. CMT focused on technology projects like Water-jet scaling and mine planning, while VREX focused on mine safety, and integration, interpretation, and visualization through its Virtual Reality Laboratory (owned by Laurentian University). 
The combined group now focuses its efforts on creating and using software for the mining industry. Its first major software product was the Schedule Optimization Tool (SOT), which launched in June 2008. The SOT uses a Genetic Algorithm to produce optimal schedules for underground mining operations.
EVO also has ongoing projects in Virtual Reality Safety, Mine Ventilation, and Long-term mine planning. In addition, EVO is building an open-source data visualization and integration product called ParaViewGeo, a derivative of ParaView.
Open Source Software.
MIRARCO is a supporter of open source software, and tries to promote use of open source software throughout the company. One of MIRARCO's projects, ParaViewGeo, is licenced under the BSD Licence. Many of the projects at MIRARCO are completed using open source programming languages, such as Python, Java, OpenGL, and Processing, and some of MIRARCO's lab computers feature the Fedora Linux Operating System instead of, or in addition to, Microsoft Windows.
Software Freedom Day.
On September 20, 2008, MIRARCO participated in Software Freedom Day, an annual worldwide celebration of free/open-source software. Robert Maynard, lead programmer of ParaViewGeo presented the results of a four-month effort to rapidly teach a group of seven co-op students how to program Python and how to use ParaViewGeo.
Mining Research Cluster.
MIRARCO shares a floor in the Willet Green Miller Centre with CEMI (Centre for Excellence in Mining Innovation). An open-house was held on August 22, 2008 to showcase the original four research organizations to the public.
The goal for the organizations sharing the same location is to increase communication between stakeholders in mining research. Former President and CEO of MIRARCO, and now Founding Director of CEMI, Dr. Peter Kaiser described the move as sounding "primitive, but it's sometimes amazing how big the gap is across a parking lot, between a building and another one," and that " we have these things all separated, we cannot reap the benefits from the integrated approach."

</doc>
<doc id="19268602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268602" title="Susano Oh">
Susano Oh

With this manga, Nagai won the "Kodansha Manga Award" in the Shōnen category. The original serialization of Kodansha was suspended in 1981, but the success of the novels written by Yasutaka Nagai, prompted Kadokawa Shoten to request Go to resume his work on "Susano Oh". With this, the manga would be published in a period of ten years, from 1979 to 1989. Even so, the manga was left with an open ending for a possible next part.
An RPG video game adaption titled Susano Oh Densetsu was released in Japan by Hudson on April 27, 1989 on the PC Engine. A board game based on the series called dreadful susano oh king go nagai was released by a company called epoch.

</doc>
<doc id="19268611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268611" title="Lake Lenore">
Lake Lenore

Lake Lenore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19268614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268614" title="Kitsu Plateau">
Kitsu Plateau

The Kitsu Plateau is a lava plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada, located east of Mess Lake in Mount Edziza Provincial Park and Recreation Area. It is named in association with Kitsu Peak and Kitsu Creek. "Kitsu" in the Tahltan language is the word for the northern lights.

</doc>
<doc id="19268623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268623" title="First 9uality">
First 9uality

First 9uality (read as "First Quality") is the debut studio album by Thyme, released by Geneon on September 3, 2008 in CD and CD+DVD versions. The album CD contains twelve tracks, five of which were previously featured on one of Thyme's first three singles. The DVD contains music videos of Thyme's first three singles. The tracks are written and sung by singer-songwriter Thyme, except for "Our Rock Star" which had Takafumi Hoshino helping Thyme with the lyrics. The tracks are composed, arranged, and produced by Teppei Shimizu and Hoshino.

</doc>
<doc id="19268653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268653" title="Ayala Cove Ferry Terminal">
Ayala Cove Ferry Terminal

Ayala Cove is a ferry terminal on Angel Island in Marin County, California in the San Francisco Bay Area. There is regularly scheduled passenger ferry service to Tiburon, and Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco and season service to the Berkeley Marina in the East Bay.
Service is provided by the Angel Island - Tiburon Ferry and takes 10 minutes between the Tiburon Ferry Terminal and Ayala Cove.
The East Bay Ferry provides connections to Pier 41, Oakland Ferry Terminal, and Alameda Ferry Terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="19268656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268656" title="Erik Yakhimovich">
Erik Yakhimovich

Erik Yakhimovich (; born 6 September 1968 in Minsk) is a former Belarusian professional football defender who played for FC Dynamo Moscow in Russia and Vanspor and Gaziantepspor in the Turkish Süper Lig. Yakhimovich retired from professional football in 2003, after a brief stint in China. He currently works for FC Dynamo Moscow as a scout.
Yakhimovich made 34 appearances for the Belarus national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19268660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268660" title="Fenlands (film)">
Fenlands (film)

Fenlands is a 1946 British film directed by Ken Annakin.

</doc>
<doc id="19268662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268662" title="Dr. Oscar Owre House">
Dr. Oscar Owre House

The Dr. Oscar Owre House is a house in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, just north of Lake of the Isles. It was designed by notable local architects Purcell, Feick & Elmslie in the Prairie School style. Dr. Oscar Owre was a professor at the University of Minnesota School of Dentistry. The house is generally cube-shaped but extends outward through a series of porches. The front porch is glassed-in and provides a good view of the lake. It shares some design features with the nearby William Gray Purcell House, including the low, overhanging eaves, bands of windows, and the side entry.
Dr. Owre and his wife, Katherine, were concerned that the house would come in over its budget. William Purcell later wrote, "Oscar was scared to death that this building was going to cost him more than he could afford, and had been told by all his friends that every building operation carried on by an architect was loaded with heartbreaking extras which would spoil all his fun, if not ruin him financially." Fortunately, the house actually came in under budget, at $17,275. The house is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19268675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268675" title="Loser Takes All (film)">
Loser Takes All (film)

Loser Takes All (1956) is a British comedy film directed by Ken Annakin, starring Glynis Johns, Rossano Brazzi, and Robert Morley, and based on a screenplay by Graham Greene.

</doc>
<doc id="19268686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268686" title="Hamad Al-Azani">
Hamad Al-Azani

Hamad Khalifa Hamed Al-Azani is assistant coach of the Oman national football team. Before he coached and led Al Nahda to the final 8 of the AFC Cup. After the sudden firing of Coach Julio César Ribas due to Oman's performance for World Cup qualification, Hamad Al-Azani was shortly given the position as a transitional coach. He led Oman to an undefeated streak the few months he led the team. In July the Oman Football Association hired Frenchman Claude Le Roy, and Al-Azani was offered a position as assistant coach.
On March 4, 2012 Hamad Al Azzani has been shown the door and the country’s London Olympic hopes is now in the hands of national coach Paul Le Guen. 
[http://www.timesofoman.com/searchdetail.asp?cat=&detail=787&rand=ZS4NIxL71eJkpDU1WhrLv8l0nb]

</doc>
<doc id="19268691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268691" title="Mount Leonard Murray">
Mount Leonard Murray

Mount Leonard Murray is a mountain in Papua New Guinea in central New Guinea. It is northwest of Kikori and is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="19268695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268695" title="Neveh Shalom Synagogue">
Neveh Shalom Synagogue

The Neveh Shalom Synagogue () is the only synagogue of the Ashkenazi community in Suriname. 
The lot on Keizerstraat 82 was acquired in 1716 by Sephardi Jews. The original building was completed in 1723 and replaced the first Surinamese synagogue in the Jodensavanne, originally built of wood between 1665-1671 (but already rebuilt with bricks). The synagogue was sold to the Ashkenazim in 1735, and the Sephardim formed a separate community known as Sedek Ve Shalom. The two communities have since merged, and hold services in alternating buildings and alternating rites.
The current synagogue on the Keizerstraat 82 lot, designed by architect J.F. Halfhide, was completed in 1842 or 1843.
The Mosque Keizerstraat is adjacent to the synagogue.

</doc>
<doc id="19268698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268698" title="Jun'ichi">
Jun'ichi

Possible writings.
Jun'ichi can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19268700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268700" title="Membranome">
Membranome

Membranome is the set of biological membranes existing in a specific organism. The term was proposed by British biologist Thomas Cavalier-Smith to discuss epigenetics of biological membranes. The term was also used to define the entire set of membrane proteins or a combination of membrane proteome and lipidome.

</doc>
<doc id="19268714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268714" title="Double Confession">
Double Confession

Double Confession is a 1950 British crime film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Derek Farr, Joan Hopkins, Peter Lorre and William Hartnell. The screenplay, written by William Templeton, is based on the book "All On A Summer's Day" by HLV Fletcher, written under the name,"John Garden".
Jim Medway (Derek Farr) visits his ex-wife only to discover that she has been murdered. But what is the motive and who did it?
"Double Confession" was missing from the BFI National Archive, and is listed as one of the British Film Institute's "75 Most Wanted" lost films. In February 2013 a restored edition was released on DVD by Renown Pictures in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19268716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268716" title="Easy to borrow">
Easy to borrow

In securities lending, securities are classified by their availability to be borrowed. Highly liquid securities are considered "easy"; these products are easily found on the market should someone decide to borrow them for the purpose of selling them short. Securities that are illiquid in the market are classified as "hard". Due to various regulations, a short sale transaction in the United States and some other countries must be preceded by locating the security and quantity that one would like to be able to sell short in order to avoid naked shorting. However, the lending broker can create a list of securities that do not require such a locate. This list is referred to as an easy-to-borrow (abbreviated as ETB) list, and is also known as blanket assurances. Such a list is generated by broker-dealers based on "reasonable assurance" that the securities on the list are readily available upon customer request. However, if a security on the list cannot be delivered as promised (a "failure to deliver" would occur), the assumption of reasonable grounds no longer applies. In order to provide better grounding for such assumptions, the ETB list must be at most 24 hours old.

</doc>
<doc id="19268723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268723" title="1997 Miami Dolphins season">
1997 Miami Dolphins season

The 1997 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 32nd as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins improved upon their previous season's output of 8–8, winning nine games. Seven of the team's sixteen games were decided by a field goal or less.

</doc>
<doc id="19268728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268728" title="2009 Boston Blazers season">
2009 Boston Blazers season

The Boston Blazers are a lacrosse team based in Boston playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was their first season in the NLL.
The Blazers began their inaugural season by losing back-to-back games to the division rival (and eventual East division champion) New York Titans. But the Blazers surprised everybody by winning seven of their next eight games, on their way to a 10-6 record, tied with New York and Buffalo for best in the East. The Titans won the East on tie-breakers, but the Blazers finished a respectable third and made the playoffs in their first season.
In the Eastern division semi-final, the Blazers were defeated by the defending champion Buffalo Bandits 11-8.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=142808&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Blazers selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19268736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268736" title="Lowell Correctional Institution">
Lowell Correctional Institution

Lowell Correctional Institution located in unincorporated Marion County, Florida, near Ocala, was the first Florida prison for women. It was opened in April 1956 as the Florida Correctional Institution. It houses community, minimum, medium, and close custody inmates. At the time it was opened, Lowell was the only prison that housed solely female offenders in the state. In 1999, the name was changed to Lowell Correctional Institution/Women’s Unit, and in 2000 it was given the latest title of Lowell Correctional Institution. It has a maximum population of 1,456 female inmates ranging anywhere from youth (14-18) to adults (18+). The Annex has a maximum general population of 1,500 and another 150 special housing beds for close management, death row, medical isolation, and confinement.
Facilities.
Lowell Correctional Institution houses female offenders at all security levels, including juveniles age 14 to 18 and adults. The Lowell Annex, under the supervision of the Lowell Correctional Institution, houses an inmate reception center. It also houses close security and death row inmates. The Lowell Correctional Institution Work Camp houses inmates whose custody level allows them to work outside the gates and with the public. The Lowell Correctional Institution Boot "C.A.M.P." Jones (Correctional Alternative Military Program), is a boot camp for young offenders. The C.A.M.P. Jones facility was defunded in 2011 along with several other facilities statewide. The C.A.M.P. Jones program was moved to the Lowell Work Camp in an effort to continue to offer its rehabilitative benefits to those that qualify for the program. Lowell's Main Unit currently hosts the E.D.P Program for offenders aged 14 to 21.
The Levy Forestry Camp, a forestry work camp located away in Bronson, was under the supervision of Lowell Correctional Institution until it was defunded and closed in 2012. This camp provided labor for the Florida Division of Forestry, while it was in operation.
History.
Prior to the opening of the women’s prison, female offenders in Florida were housed at the Florida State Prison, Raiford, in segregated units separate from the males. They were housed at the State Prison, Raiford in wooden dorms. The quarters were overcrowded and used double beds. Women worked in separate sections of the prison workshops and farms. The degree of segregation between males and females in comparison to other prisons was not possible. Facilities for black and white girls were also segregated. Black girls were housed at Raiford with adult offenders. White girls were held at The Industrial School for Girls in Ocala where Lowell Correctional Institute would later be established. The Industrial School for Girls provided institutional care for an average of 80 to 100 delinquent girls, mostly white. In 1956, the first all female prison was opened in Lowell, as Florida Correctional Institute. All women at the state prison in Raiford were transferred to this facility.
Growth.
The Forest Hills School for Girls was added to Florida C.I. in 1973. The Levy Forestry Camp was added in 1995 with a primary mission of providing labor for the Division of Forestry. In July 1997, C.A.M.P. Jones was opened as the only “boot camp”- style program for young female offenders in Florida. In 1998, Florida C.I. was combined with Marion C.I., changing the name to Lowell C.I. / Women’s Unit. Then in 2000, the prison was renamed Lowell C.I. and began housing youthful pregnant offenders.
In 2009, renovations of at Lowell Correctional Institution started. The first phase was completed and (2) 180-bed open bay dormitories were placed online in the Summer of 2009. With the opening of these two dorm, several older dorms were taken out of service. In the Fall of 2009, Phase Two began and several mission changes were put into effect, elderly inmates were moved to climate controlled dormitories at the Lowell Correctional Institution Annex and the primary dormitory where wheelchair-using inmates were housed was demolished to make way for a new food service and canteen buildings. Another mission that has changed in 2009, is Lowell Correctional Institution's housing of Pregnant Inmates. In 2009 the Department of Corrections completed a climate-controlled facility in South Florida to house long term pregnant inmates. Inmates in the final term of their pregnancy will remain housed at Lowell Correctional Institution. There are an additional (2) open bay dorms and (2) secure-cell housing units planned to begin in the final phase of the renovations.
In 2010, the Lowell Correctional Institution Annex completed a (1) 240-bed secure-cell housing unit. This dormitory houses inmates that the department has classified as security risks and require housing in cells instead of dormitory bunks.
In 2012, Lowell Reception Center, is scheduled to be revealed. This stand-alone facility will take over the Reception and Orientation mission from the Annex. Also scheduled to be opened at the Lowell Reception Center is a Crisis Care/Transitional Care Unit that will house inmates that require inpatient mental health treatment. 
The projected inmate population once these units are complete will be approximately 4000 housed within the 6 units that Lowell Correctional Institution will encompass.
Tuberculosis Outbreak.
In July 2005, 3,100 prisoners and 800 staff members were tested at Lowell Correction Institution for tuberculosis. Prison officials confirmed seven cases and no fatalities. State and local officials were unsure how the infection was brought into the facility.
Notable Inmate.
Tiffany Cole - Found guilty of kidnapping and first-degree murder of a St. Nicholas, Florida couple. Was sentenced to death. Her co-conspirator, Michael Jackson, was also found guilty and sentenced to death.

</doc>
<doc id="19268763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268763" title="Severed Ties">
Severed Ties

Severed Ties is the debut album by Brisbane band, The Amity Affliction. It was released on 4 October 2008 through Boomtown Records. "Severed Ties" debuted at #26 on the ARIA Top 50 Albums Chart, and #6 on the Australian Artists Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19268769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268769" title="It Began on the Clyde">
It Began on the Clyde

It Began on the Clyde is a 1946 British short film directed by Ken Annakin. It starred Molly Weir.

</doc>
<doc id="19268774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268774" title="2009 Calgary Roughnecks season">
2009 Calgary Roughnecks season

The Calgary Roughnecks are a lacrosse team based in Calgary playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the 8th in franchise history. The Roughnecks finished the season with a franchise best 12–4 record to lead the league. They won the Champion's Cup at home with a 12–10 victory over the New York Titans.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=25952&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Roughnecks selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19268787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268787" title="Nor the Moon by Night">
Nor the Moon by Night

Nor the Moon by Night is a 1958 British drama film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Michael Craig. It was based on the novel by Joy Packer and filmed in the Kruger National Park South Africa. The title comes from a passage in the Bible; "The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night." Psalm 121:6 
The film was released in the United States as Elephant Gun.

</doc>
<doc id="19268793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268793" title="2009 Colorado Mammoth season">
2009 Colorado Mammoth season

The Colorado Mammoth are a lacrosse team based in Denver, Colorado playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the 23rd in franchise history and 7th as the Mammoth (previously the Washington Power, Pittsburgh Crossefire, and Baltimore Thunder).
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=25953&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Mammoth selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19268816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268816" title="The Hellions (film)">
The Hellions (film)

The Hellions is a 1961 British adventure film directed by Ken Annakin starring Richard Todd, Anne Aubrey, Lionel Jeffries, Ronald Fraser and Colin Blakely that was set and filmed in South Africa. 
Plot.
A lone law enforcement officer battles criminals in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19268828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268828" title="2009 Edmonton Rush season">
2009 Edmonton Rush season

The Edmonton Rush are a lacrosse team based in Edmonton playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season was the 4th in franchise history.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=38725&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Trades.
"*Later traded to the Washington Stealth"<br>
"**Later traded to the Minnesota Swarm"<br>
"***Later traded to the Boston Blazers"
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The Rush selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19268844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268844" title="Charles and Grace Parker House">
Charles and Grace Parker House

The Charles and Grace Parker House is a house in the Lynnhurst neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota southeast of Lake Harriet. It was designed by notable local architects Purcell, Feick & Elmslie in the Prairie School style. Architecture critic Larry Millett calls it one of Purcell and Elmslie's greatest houses, citing the broad gabled roof, the groupings of windows, the side porch, and the detail surrounding the entry. The entrance includes a fretsawn arch and a frieze above the door, with beams and a pair of pendants on either side. George Grant Elmslie designed the leaded glass windows. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19268847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268847" title="Mike Keeler">
Mike Keeler

Mike Keeler (born May 21, 1950) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman. He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League in the sixth round, 71st overall, of the 1970 NHL Entry Draft; however, he never played in that league. He played two games in the World Hockey Association with the New England Whalers in the 1973–74 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19268868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268868" title="Florida State Road 674">
Florida State Road 674

State Road 674 begins in Ruskin, Hillsborough County, Florida. The road runs east/west and is also known as College Avenue and Sun City Center Boulevard.

</doc>
<doc id="19268876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268876" title="2009 Portland LumberJax season">
2009 Portland LumberJax season

The Portland LumberJax are a lacrosse team based in Portland, Oregon playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2009 season will be the 4th in franchise history.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference:
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference:
Player stats.
Reference: [http://pointstreak.com/prostats/teamplayerstats.html?teamid=38726&seasonid=3260]
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
Entry draft.
The 2008 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 7, 2008. The LumberJax selected the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="19268898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268898" title="Stolen Holiday">
Stolen Holiday

Stolen Holiday is a 1937 film loosely based on the Stavisky Affair, a French political scandal. A Russian con artist worms his way into the upper reaches of French society, but is finally exposed, with tragic consequences.
Plot.
In 1931 Paris, Nicole Picot (Kay Francis), a model for a fashionable dress shop, is hired by nearly-penniless Stefan Orloff (Claude Rains) to help persuade a financier to fund his ambitious plans. By 1934, Stefan has established an investment bank; in gratitude, he provides the capital that Nicole needs to set up her own business and become a successful dress designer (though she insists on paying him back).
British diplomat Anthony Wayne (Ian Hunter) romances Nicole and wins her heart. However, when Stefan's crooked schemes start to unravel, he asks Nicole to marry him without divulging his main motive: the attendance of her influential friends at the well-publicized ceremony would bolster public confidence in him and buy him time. She agrees, out of friendship alone, much to the distress of her friend and assistant, Suzanne (Alison Skipworth). It is too late. At their wedding, Stefan's closest confederate, Francis Chalon (Walter Kingsford), is taken away by the police for questioning, and the other guests hastily depart.
Knowing that Chalon can incriminate him, Stefan goes into hiding at a remote chateau. However, he makes a mistake, sending a letter to Nicole asking her to join him. She does so, despite Anthony's protests. Nicole gets Stefan to admit the truth, though he insists he does love her. When he sees that the police have followed Nicole and have surrounded the chateau, he excuses himself. To spare her from being dragged down with him, he goes outside. As he expected, he is shot and killed, though it is staged to look like a suicide to avoid causing further embarrassment to the government.
Afterward, Anthony persists and finally gets Nicole to agree to marry him.

</doc>
<doc id="19268904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268904" title="Norwegianization">
Norwegianization

Norwegianization was the official government policy carried out by the Norwegian government against the Sami and later the Kven people of northern Norway to assimilate non-Norwegian-speaking native populations into an ethnically and culturally uniform Norwegian population. The policy was discontinued in the 1980s and reparations have been made in the form of financial support for the Sámediggi and other related programs. In 1997, the King of Norway, HM King Harald V made an official apology on behalf of the government to the Sami and Kven People because of this government program:

</doc>
<doc id="19268910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268910" title="Picked off">
Picked off

Picked off could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19268916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268916" title="Octavo Día">
Octavo Día

"Octavo Día" (English: Eighth Day) is a song written and performed by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira. The song was released only as a radio single in some countries from her multi-platinum album "Dónde Están los Ladrones?" (1998), but received more attention when it created controversy while performed live in her 2001-2002 world tour Tour of the Mongoose. This song expresses for the first time (before "How Do You Do") Shakira's opinion about God.
Song information.
The song describes how, on the eighth day, God decided to take the day off after creating the world, only to come back and find His creation in a disastrous mess.
No music video was filmed, so it was released only as a radio single. The song is also found on Shakira's live albums, "MTV Unplugged" and "Live and Off the Record".
Political criticism in the Tour of the Mongoose.
Shakira has since performed 'Octavo Dia' song during all of her tours before for the Oral Fixation Tour. In the Tour of the Mongoose, behind the stage was a black and white backdrop video of George W. Bush and Saddam Hussein playing chess, and on the stage some of the musicians were wearing masks of Richard Nixon and Cuba's dictator Fidel Castro. Shakira wanted to deliver a message more complex than just criticizing the war against Iraq. 
However, some members of the audience were confused with Shakira's criticism when she performed "Octavo Dia." David Hiltbrand, a journalist from The Philadelphia Inquirer, said that it was an atypical show number. "I thought it was a mistake, personally, not as a journalist," said Hiltbrand referring to "Octavo Dia." "What I took from it that our leaders are caught up with themselves," Hiltbrand said.
During the video at the show, Hussein's and Bush's puppets suddenly became restless and violent as they started playing with nuclear bombs instead of chess pieces. Then the Grim Reaper appeared behind the two leaders and moved the strings that control the puppets. Shakira said during the concert that pop singers typically do not talk about politics nor about politicians, but this time, her tour had a political view. " think pop stars are made to entertain. Period. I don't see it that way," said Shakira during her concert in Britain, which was reported by Siobhan Grogan from "The Guardian".
The symbolism of the video clip was that Bush and Hussein were treating the war as if a game, as if not treating it with much importance.
In an interview with MTV, she said that sometimes governments do not represent their people nor make the right decisions because "governments are controlled by just a few." The video and the song ended with a quote from Jimi Hendrix in the back screen of the stage:
"When the power of love overcomes the love for power, the world will know the peace."
While the clip was playing, Shakira's speech was, as seen in "Live & off the Record":
This speech garnered much favouritism amongst the audiences at various venues.

</doc>
<doc id="19268921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268921" title="Kellie Pickler (album)">
Kellie Pickler (album)

Kellie Pickler is the self-titled second studio album by American country artist Kellie Pickler. The lead-off single, "Don't You Know You're Beautiful", was debuted at the 43rd Academy Of Country Music awards and peaked at 21 on Hot Country Songs. The album was released via BNA Records/19 Recordings on September 30, 2008. Since the albums' release, three more singles have charted; "Best Days of Your Life" at number 9 (which was co-wrote with fellow country artist Taylor Swift), "Didn't You Know How Much I Loved You" at number 14 (a re-recording of an album cut from Pickler's debut album "Small Town Girl") and "Makin' Me Fall in Love Again" at number 30.
Promotion.
To help promoting the album, "Kellie Pickler" was released in a regular edition (which only includes the CD) and a Deluxe Edition, including the normal CD, along with a special DVD with 30-minute footage from Pickler on her tour and behind the scenes of the recording process (called "A Day on the Road"), and the music video for "Don't You Know You're Beautiful". 
The Deluxe Edition features three bonus tracks if bought on a digital retailer (such as iTunes); "Anything But Me", "Happy," and a cover of Keith Whitley's "Don't Close Your Eyes".
Chart performance.
Album.
The album debuted at number nine on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, selling about 43,000 copies in its first week. The album has thus far spent 48 weeks on the "Billboard" 200 chart and has sold 440,000 copies as of December 22, 2010. It debuted at number one on the U.S. Top Country Albums chart, her second consecutive album to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="19268930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268930" title="Steve Warr (ice hockey)">
Steve Warr (ice hockey)

Steve Warr (born January 5, 1951) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman. He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League in the fifth round, 61st overall, of the 1971 NHL Entry Draft; however, he never played in that league. He played 72 regular-season games and two playoff games in the World Hockey Association with the Ottawa Nationals in the 1972–73 season and two more playoff games with the Toronto Toros in the 1973–74 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19268971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268971" title="Stewart Memorial Presbyterian Church">
Stewart Memorial Presbyterian Church

Stewart Memorial Presbyterian Church, now Redeemer Missionary Baptist Church, is a Prairie School church in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in the Lyndale neighborhood. The Prairie School architecture was uncommon for use in churches. This church, which has a flat roof and broad eaves, but lacks a bell tower and other traditional church features, was inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright's Unity Temple in Oak Park, Illinois. It was designed by the firm of Purcell & Feick before George Grant Elmslie became a partner of the firm. The congregation was an offshoot of First Presbyterian Church and was named after the Reverend David Stewart.
The main portion of the church is organized around a cube-shaped auditorium with light provided by a wall of eastward-facing green-tinted windows. It has a narrower section with a deep balcony that extends to the south. Decoration is relatively modest, consisting mainly of wood strips in geometric patterns. The exterior is faced in brick and stucco. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. In 1988, Redeemer Missionary Baptist Church bought the building and raised over $2 million for restoration and renovation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19268988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268988" title="Kanawha Valley Community and Technical College">
Kanawha Valley Community and Technical College

Kanawha Valley Community and Technical College (KVCTC) is a comprehensive community and technical college that provides a broad spectrum of associate degrees, certificates, industry certifications, continuing education, community service, employee training, developmental and transfer education. KVCTC is located in South Charleston, West Virginia, United States. It was formerly located in Institute, West Virginia on the campus of West Virginia State University. KVCTC and Bridgemont Community and Technical College are in the process of merging. Both schools will maintain their respective campuses and course offerings. In the fall of 2014, the combined schools will officially be known as Bridge Valley Community and Technical College.
History.
Kanawha Valley Community and Technical College was established in 1953 as a community college on the campus of what was then West Virginia State College (now West Virginia State University). In 2003, it was accredited as West Virginia State Community and Technical College but remained administratively linked to WVSU. In 2008, the legislature fully separated the Community and Technical College from its parent 4-year institution, however, both schools continued to share the same campus. Due to the extremely crowded conditions endured by both KVCTC and WVSU and for the school to facilitate its mission, ongoing efforts were made to establish a new, separate campus. In the fall of 2012, KVCTC moved to its new campus in South Charleston, West Virginia, located at the former Dow research facility.
In 2009, the school went through a name change to distinguish itself from West Virginia State University. The school's new name was officially announced on April 20, 2009 as Kanawha Valley Community and Technical College. KVCTC held its first commencement ceremony on May 16, 2009. Previously, Kanawha Valley held its commencement in a joint ceremony with West Virginia State. In May 2012, KVCTC received national recognition by earning the MAP-Works Overall Excellence Award for implementing a program aimed at student success.
In early 2013, a bill was in process to combine Bridgemont Community and Technical College in Montgomery, West Virginia with Kanawha Valley Community and Technical College. The schools will combine their administrations, but will maintain both campuses and all course offerings. According to former KVCTC President Joseph Badgley, "This is a model that should have been a place a long time ago, ... This is a good time to do it to since I’m retiring and it will make the transition much easier." Bridgemont President Beverly Jo Harris said "We have worked hand in hand KVCTC over the past several years trying not to duplicate programs, ... Now under one administrative structure, we’ll have a very broad range of healthcare and technology programming." Over the next academic year (2013-14), the schools will operate independently. Beginning in the fall of 2014, the combined schools will officially be known as Bridge Valley Community and Technical College (BVCTC). According to the school's website, Harris was named president of the new multi-campus college.
Degrees offered.
Kanawha Valley Community and Technical College grants more than 20 Associate in Applied Science Degrees, one Associate in Science Degree, one Associate in Arts Degree, 17 Certificate of Applied Science Degrees, and twelve Skill Sets. To meet the expressed need for nurses in the region, KVCTC, at the time WVSCTC, began its first Associate Degree in Nursing in the fall of 2005. 
The Business Studies Division has articulation agreements with Marshall University and West Virginia State University for students to transfer the Accounting, Finance, Management and Marketing degrees into a baccalaureate program. An agreement also exists with Marshall University to transfer the Computers and Information Technology: Management Information Systems degree from KVCTC.
Accreditation.
Kanawha Valley Community and Technical College has met the recommended criteria to become an independently accredited institution by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. In October 2004, the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association approved KVCTC, at the time WVSCTC, to receive the maximum five year initial accreditation. Following a return visit in April 2010, KVCTC was granted the maximum ten year accreditation.
The Nursing program at KVCTC is fully accredited by the National League for Nursing Accrediting Commission, Inc. and the West Virginia Board of Examiners for Registered Professional Nurses since 2007. At an accreditation visit in 2012, the NLNAC recommended the full eight-year accreditation of the nursing program. 
The Nuclear Medicine program at KVCTC is accredited by the Joint Review Committee on Educational Programs in Nuclear Medicine Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19268997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268997" title="WAYN">
WAYN

WAYN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19268999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19268999" title="Christopher McCreery">
Christopher McCreery

Christopher McCreery, M.V.O. (born September 1975, Kingston, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian author and historian. 
A native of Kingston Ontario McCreery holds a Doctorate in Canadian history from Queen’s University.
His Master’s thesis, “Questions of Honour: Canadian Government Policy Towards Titular Honours” was the first major academic work to examine the Canadian titles debate and the Nickle Resolution.
McCreery regularly comments on matters related to the Canadian honours system, the Order of Canada and the Governor General of Canada.
His published works include:
He also contributed a number of Commonwealth entries to Burkes Peerage and Gentry “World Orders of Knighthood and Merit” (2006).
McCreery's latest works include "The Canadian Forces' Decoration" (Department of National Defence, 2010) a work commissioned by the Department of National Defence to commemorate the sixtieth anniversary of King George VI establishing the CD and "Canadian Symbols of Authority: Maces, Chains and Rods of Office," co-authored with Corinna Pike, covers the history of the ceremonial maces and badges of office that are used throughout Canada and was released in June 2011.
McCreery is a Fellow of the Royal Canadian Geographical Society, a Fellow of the Centre for the Study of Democracy at Queen's University, a Director of the Royal Heraldry Society of Canada, member of the Champlain Society, Orders and Medals Research Society and the Canadian Historical Association.
Since 2005 he has served as the National Historian for St. John Ambulance Canada and the Venerable Order of Saint John in Canada.
During the 2010 Royal Tour of Canada McCreery was appointed a Member of the Royal Victorian Order (MVO) by Queen Elizabeth II in Halifax.
In February 2009 Dr. McCreery was appointed Private Secretary to the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia.
He previously served as a Senior Advisor to the Leader of the Government in the Senate The Honourable Marjory LeBreton (2007–2009); Senior Advisor to the Speaker of the Senate The Honourable Noel Kinsella (2006–2007): and Executive Assistant to The Honourable Michael J.L. Kirby (2004–2006).
In 2010, McCreery was appointed by Prime Minister Stephen Harper to the Governor General Consultation Committee a special committee convened to recommend a successor to Michaëlle Jean. The Panel recommended David Lloyd Johnston.
In November 2010, McCreery submitted testimony to the Senate Standing Committee on National Security and Defence outlining the way in which the Maritime Command element of the Canadian Forces could be renamed Royal Canadian Navy.
This advice was ultimately followed by Minister of National Defence Peter MacKay on 15 August 2011 when the designation Royal Canadian Navy was returned to official use along with Royal Canadian Air Force and Canadian Army.
In April 2012 McCreery was appointed to the Board of Trustees of the Canadian Museum of Civilization/Canadian War Museum for a four year term.

</doc>
<doc id="19269002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269002" title="Junji">
Junji

Possible writings.
Junji can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19269020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269020" title="A Sense of Freedom">
A Sense of Freedom

A Sense of Freedom is a 1979 Scottish crime film directed by John Mackenzie for Scottish Television. The film starred David Hayman and featured Hector Nicol & Fulton Mackay, is a based on the autobiography of Glasgow gangster Jimmy Boyle, who was reputed to be Scotland's most violent man. Due to non-co-operation by the Scottish Prison Service in allowing a film crew access to their property, Hayman's scenes in prison were filmed in Dublin's Kilmainham Jail.

</doc>
<doc id="19269037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269037" title="Jim McMasters">
Jim McMasters

Jim McMasters (born September 20, 1952) is a former professional ice hockey forward. He was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League in the third round, 37th overall, of the 1972 NHL Entry Draft; however, he never played in that league. He played 83 regular-season games and nine playoff games in the World Hockey Association with the Cleveland Crusaders in the 1972–73 and 1973–74 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19269088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269088" title="Russell Moore and IIIrd Tyme Out">
Russell Moore and IIIrd Tyme Out

Russell Moore and IIIrd Tyme Out (Formerly known as IIIrd Tyme Out) is a bluegrass band formed in 1991 in Cumming, Georgia. Consisting of Russell Moore (lead vocals and guitar), Steve Dilling (vocals and banjo), Justen Haynes (vocals and fiddle), Wayne Benson (vocals and mandolin) and Edgar Loudermilk (vocals and bass), the band has released thirteen albums and two greatest hits collections since 1991. A regular on bluegrass radio, their works have earned them many individual and group IBMA and SPBGMA award nominations including the prestigious IBMA Vocal Group of the Year award which they've won numerous times.
About the Band.
Led by the International Bluegrass Music Association's (IBMA) 5-time "Male Vocalist Of The Year", Russell Moore & IIIrd Tyme Out has walked away with IBMA's "Vocal Group Of The Year" award 7 consecutive years.All in all, the band has garnered over 50 industry awards since their inception in 1991. Their a cappella renditions of many songs can rarely be matched and their superb instrumentation provides even more quality sound to their rich vocal blend featuring one of the most respected lead vocalists of all time. All this along witha heavy touring schedule, including many performances on the Grand Ole Opry as well as GAC and RFD channel programs, over 14 recordings to date, and a desire to present their fans with the best music possible, makes this "supergroup" one of bluegrass music's most recognized and in-demand bands in the genre's history.
In November 2013, banjo player Steve Dilling and bass player Edgar Loudermilk announced their intentions to leave IIIrd Tyme Out. Steve Dilling cited health reasons as his reason for leaving the band while Edgar Loudermilk decided to capitalize on a songwriting and solo CD push. As of 11-26-13, replacements have not been named though there have been auditions. 
Touring.
IIIrd Tyme Out headlined at the Central Canadian Bluegrass Awards show in Huntsville, Ontario, Canada in 1996 and again in 1998. They performed at the 4th Annual Willow Park Bluegrass Jamboree in Hagersville, Ontario, in August, 2002. In 2005 they performed at the Gettysburg Bluegrass Festival. The band toured as part of the Bluegrass Sundays Winter Concert Series organized by the Northern Bluegrass Committee in Ontario, Canada in 2011. 
Awards.
Full List

</doc>
<doc id="19269097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269097" title="Bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaw">
Bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaw

Bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaw, often abbreviated as BON, BONJ, BON of the jaw or BRONJ (pronounced ), is a dental phenomenon that may lead to surgical complication in the form of impaired wound healing following oral or periodontal surgery or endodontic therapy.
There is no known prevention for bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaw.
Definition.
Osteonecrosis, or localized death of bone tissue, of the jaws is a rare potential complication in cancer patients receiving treatments including radiation, chemotherapy, or in patients with tumors or infectious embolic events. In 2003, reports surfaced of the increased risk of osteonecrosis in patients receiving these therapies concomitant with intravenous bisphosphonate. Matrix metalloproteinase 2 may be a candidate gene for bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaws, since it is the only gene known to be associated with both bone abnormalities and atrial fibrillation, another side effect of bisphosphonates.
In response to the growing base of literature on this association, the United States Food and Drug Administration issued a broad drug class warning of this complication for all bisphosphonates in 2005.
Pathogenesis and diagnosis.
Although the methods of action are not yet completely understood, it is hypothesized that bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaw is related to a defect in jaw bone physiologic remodeling or wound healing. The strong inhibition of osteoclast function precipitated by bisphosphonate therapy can lead to inhibition of normal bone turnover. Because bisphosphonates are preferentially deposited in bone with high turnover rates, it is possible that the levels of bisphosphonate within the jaw are selectively elevated. To date, there has been no reported cases of bisphosphonate-associated complications within bones outside the craniofacial skeleton.
A diagnosis of bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaw relies on three criteria:
According to the updated 2009 BRONJ Position Paper published by the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons, both the potency of and the length of exposure to bisphosphonates are linked to the risk of developing bisphosphonate-associated osteonecrosis of the jaw.
Bisphosphonates: intravenous vs. oral.
Cases of BRONJ have also been associated with the use of the following two intravenous and three oral bisphosphonates, respectively: Zometa (zoledronic acid) and Aredia (pamidronate) & Fosamax (alendronate), Actonel (risedronate) and Boniva (ibandronate).
Risk.
The overwhelming majority of BRONJ diagnoses, however, were associated with intravenous administration of bisphosphonates (94%). Only the remaining 6% of cases arose in patients taking bisphosphonates orally.
Although the total United States prescriptions for oral bisphosphonates exceeded 30 million in 2006, less than 10% of BON cases were associated with patients taking oral bisphosphonate drugs. Studies have estimated that BRONJ occurs in roughly 20% of patients taking intravenous zoledronic acid for cancer therapy and in between 0-0.04% of patients taking orally administered bisphosphonates.
Owing to prolonged embedding of bisphosphonate drugs in the bone tissues, the risk for BRONJ is high even after stopping the administration of the medication for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="19269106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269106" title="Ross Douthat">
Ross Douthat

Ross Gregory Douthat (; born November 28, 1979) is a conservative American author, blogger and "New York Times" columnist. He was a senior editor at "The Atlantic" and wrote "Bad Religion: How We Became a Nation of Heretics" (Free Press, 2012), "Grand New Party" (Doubleday, 2008) with Reihan Salam, and "Privilege: Harvard and the Education of the Ruling Class" (Hyperion, 2005). David Brooks called "Grand New Party" the "best single roadmap of where the Republican Party should and is likely to head." Douthat is a film critic for "National Review" and has also contributed to "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal", "The Weekly Standard", the "Claremont Review of Books", "GQ", "Slate", and other publications. In addition, he frequently appears on the video debate site Bloggingheads.tv. In April 2009, he became an online and op-ed columnist for "The New York Times", replacing Bill Kristol as a conservative voice on the "Times" editorial page. Douthat is the youngest regular op-ed writer in the paper's history.
Personal life.
Douthat was born in San Francisco, California, but grew up in New Haven, Connecticut. He attended Hamden Hall, a private high school in Hamden, Connecticut. Douthat graduated "magna cum laude" from Harvard University in 2002, where he was also elected to Phi Beta Kappa. While there he contributed to "The Harvard Crimson" and edited the "Harvard Salient". As an adolescent Douthat converted to Pentecostalism and then, with the rest of his family, to Catholicism. His mother is writer Patricia Snow. His father, Charles Douthat, is a partner in a New Haven law firm and an award winning poet. In 2007 Douthat married Abigail Tucker, a reporter for "The Baltimore Sun" and a writer for "Smithsonian". He and his family live in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="19269111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269111" title="Civionics">
Civionics

Civionics is the combination of civil engineering with electronics engineering, in a manner similar to avionics (aviation and electronics) and mechatronics (mechanical engineering and electronics). An emerging discipline, the main application area of civionics is currently the use of electronics for structural health monitoring (SHM) of civil structures, particularly photonics (Fiber Optic Bragg Grating).
In SHM, Civionics will provide engineers with feedback necessary to aid in optimizing design techniques and understanding infrastructure performance, behaviour and state of condition. The successful integration of intelligent sensing of innovative structures will allow civil structural engineers to expand the design envelope by taking risks to introduce new design concepts, materials and innovation in civil engineering.
Civionic engineering applications include integrating science and technology from both new and traditional disciplines:

</doc>
<doc id="19269112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269112" title="Callbook">
Callbook

A callbook is a directory of radio station call signs. Originally a bound book that resembled a telephone directory, it contains the name and addressees of licensed radio stations in a given jurisdiction (country). Modern Electrics published the first callbook in the United States in 1909. Today, the primary purpose of a callbook is to allow amateur radio operators to send a confirmation post card, called a QSL card to an operator with whom they have communicated via radio. Callbooks have evolved to include on-line databases that are accessible via the Internet to instantly obtain the address of another amateur radio operator and their QSL Managers. The most well known and used on-line QSL databases include QRZ.COM, IK3QAR, HamCall, F6CYV, DXInfo, OZ7C and QSLInfo.

</doc>
<doc id="19269120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269120" title="María Milagros Véliz">
María Milagros Véliz

María Milagros Véliz Pinto (born January 9, 1986, in Guacara, Carabobo state, Venezuela) is a beauty pageant titleholder who represented Venezuela in Miss World 2009, held on December 12, 2009 in Johannesburg, South Africa. She was a finalist (top six) of the "Miss World Sports" fast-track competition.
Véliz, who stands 1.78 m (5'10") tall, competed in Miss Venezuela 2008, on September 10, 2008 and obtained the title of "Miss Venezuela Mundo". She represented Anzoátegui state.
Véliz lives in London, United Kingdom, where she studies International Business at the European Business School London. She practices swim, Judo, high jump and other sports; and speaks Spanish, English, French and Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="19269132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269132" title="2008 FEI World Cup Jumping Final">
2008 FEI World Cup Jumping Final

The 2008 FEI World Cup Jumping Final was the 30th final of the FEI World Cup Jumping show jumping series. It was held at the Scandinavium in Gothenburg, Sweden from April 24 to April 27, 2008 for the twelfth time during the 2008 Göteborg Horse Show. Meredith Michaels-Beerbaum of Germany won the event riding Shutterfly.
Results.
Round 1.
Thirty-nine riders competed in the Table C €110,000 opening round of the 2008 FEI World Cup Jumping Final. Michael Whitaker opened the round, and quickly set the pace by completing a clear round in 75.05 seconds. However, his time was quickly surpassed two riders later when Malin Baryard-Johnsson took nearly four seconds off of Whitaker's time while representing the host nation of Sweden. Shortly after Peter Wylde narrowly took the lead from Baryard-Johnsson, Heinrich Hermann Engemann cleared the course in under seventy seconds to set a new standard. Although Steve Guerdat was also able to clear the seventy second mark, Engemann's time held up as he took the €25,300 first place prize. Two-time champion Marcus Ehning was eliminated after his horse refused twice at the eleventh jump.
Round 2.
Thirty-eight riders returned for the Table A €110,000 second round of the 2008 FEI World Cup Jumping Final, with Marcus Ehning being the lone exception following his opening round elimination.

</doc>
<doc id="19269176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269176" title="The Outside Man">
The Outside Man

The Outside Man (Un homme est mort) is a 1972 French thriller set in Los Angeles, directed by Jacques Deray and starring Jean-Louis Trintignant, Ann-Margret, Roy Scheider, and Angie Dickinson.
Plot summary.
French hitman Lucien Bellon (Jean-Louis Trintignant) has been hired by mobsters to kill Victor (Ted de Corsia), a rival mobster. Bellon goes to Victor's home, in Los Angeles, and shoots him point-blank.
Bellon's luggage and passport are stolen. Meanwhile, on television, news accounts of the murder allude to the police seeking not a French killer but an American one. Bellon stays in Los Angeles to discover the truth. Apparently, another hit man named Lenny (Roy Scheider) has been hired to kill Bellon.
Along the way, Bellon encounters a beautiful woman named Nancy (Ann-Margret), who offers to help. As he attempts to save his own life, Bellon hijacks a car and holds a woman (Georgia Engel) and her son hostage.

</doc>
<doc id="19269188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269188" title="Y Yo Sigo Aquí">
Y Yo Sigo Aquí

"Y yo Sigo Aquí" () is a song by Mexican recording artist Paulina Rubio, taken from her fifth studio album "Paulina". It was released on 13 May 2001 by Universal Records as the third single from the album. The song was written and produced by Estéfano, and sees prominent usage of Auto-Tune. Upon its release, "Y yo Sigo Aquí" attained significant success in European and Latin American markets, peaking atop the Finish and Spanish Singles Charts. It additionally reached number one on the US "Billboard" Latin Pop Airplay for three successive weeks. The song received a nomination for the Latin Grammy Award for Song of the Year at the 2001 ceremony. Its accompanying music video was filmed in Mexico. In 2002, an English version of "Y yo Sigo Aquí", titled "I'll Be Right Here (Sexual Lover)" was included with Rubio's sixth studio album "Border Girl".
The song and music video received Lo Nuestro Awards nominations in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19269192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269192" title="Sophie Pascoe">
Sophie Pascoe

Sophie Frances Pascoe (born 8 January 1993) is a New Zealand Paralympic swimmer. She has won ten medals at the Summer Paralympics: four medals (three gold and one silver) in 2008 and six medals (three gold and three silver) in 2012 
Early life.
Born in Christchurch on 8 January 1993 to Gary and Jo Pascoe, Sophie grew up on a lifestyle block near Halswell on the south-western outskirts of the city. She has one older sister, Rebecca. On 23 September 1995, Pascoe was accidentally run over by her father on the family ride-on lawnmower, resulting in both her legs being caught under the cutter deck housing in the path of the rotating mower blades. As a result of the accident, her left leg was to be amputated below the knee, while the rear of her right leg was left with severe scarring. She attended Halswell Primary School, and Lincoln High School in the nearby Christchurch satellite town of Lincoln. 
Pascoe began swimming at age 7. She is coached by Roly Critchon, and trains at the QEII swim club, which has been based at Jellie Park in Burnside since the facilities at Queen Elizabeth II Park were damaged in the 2011 Christchurch earthquake.
International swimming career.
At the 2008 Summer Paralympics, Pascoe won a gold and a silver medal for the 100 m breaststroke and 100 m butterfly respectively and later a gold for the women's 200 m individual medley. Pascoe then shared a gold medal for the 100 m backstroke when she drew with South African Shireen Sapiro. At 15 years of age, Pascoe was New Zealand's youngest athlete at the Paralympics, and the youngest ever New Zealander to win a medal.
Following the 2008 Paralympics, Pascoe was voted New Zealand's favourite Paralympian in a nationwide voting competition run by Mitsubishi Motors. For this she won a Mitsubishi VRX Outlander. Pascoe was made a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the 2009 New Year's Honours, for her services to swimming. In February 2012, Pascoe became the inaugural winner of the Disabled Sportsperson of the Year award at the 2011 Halberg awards.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, Pascoe competed in six events – the four in which she won medals at the 2008 Paralympics, plus the 50m freestyle (S10) and 100m freestyle (SM10) events. She successfully defended her 200 m individual medley (SM10) gold medal, breaking her own world record by four seconds with a time of 2:25.65. She also won gold medals in the 100 m butterfly (S10), where she bettered her silver at Beijing and in the process setting a new world record with a time of 1:04.43, and in the 100 m freestyle (S10), setting a new Paralympic record with a time of 1:00.89. Pascoe won silver medals in the 50 m freestyle (S10), 100 m backstroke (S10), and 100 m breaststroke (SB9).
In March 2013 Pascoe broke her own world record for the 50m butterfly at the New Zealand Swimming Championships in Auckland, setting a time of 29.21 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="19269212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269212" title="Leventis United">
Leventis United

Leventis United was a football team based in Ibadan, Nigeria. It was founded in 1982 as an amalgam of clubs from Oyo State, backed by the Royal Nigeria Carpet company;[http://www.rsssf.com/tablesn/nig83.html] a subsidiary of Greek corporation Leventis.
Leventis won the third division in 1984, the same year they won the FA Cup. The next year, Leventis was promoted to the First Division after winning the second division with an undefeated record, the first such feat in Nigerian football. With John Mastoroudes as General manager, the team quickly built itself into one of the best financed sides in the country.
However, the club suffered with the recession and coups of the late 1980s.
Due to the lack of financial backing from the Leventis Company, the team disbanded after winning the title in 1987.
After twenty years, there is a grassroots effort underway to resurrect the team.
Performance in CAF competitions.
1985: "Runners-up"
1987: Quarterfinals

</doc>
<doc id="19269227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269227" title="Redwater River (Alberta)">
Redwater River (Alberta)

The Redwater River is located north east of Redwater, Alberta, Canada, and is where the name of the town was derived from. The original settlers noticed the copper tint to the water in the river and named the town as such. The river runs through miles of local farm land and has a bridge for train crossing which is a common point known to many of the locals.

</doc>
<doc id="19269240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269240" title="Javier Berasaluce Marquiegui">
Javier Berasaluce Marquiegui

Javier Berasaluce Marquiegui (born 4 January 1931 in Deba, Guipuzcoa) was a Spanish football goalkeeper. He played in La Liga with Real Madrid, Deportivo Alavés and Racing de Santander.

</doc>
<doc id="19269257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269257" title="Triangle Park">
Triangle Park

Triangle Park is a 250-hectare mixed-use central business district (CBD) development intended to serve as the gravity of all commercial activities in Metro Manila in the coming years. It is located in Barangay Bagong Pag-Asa, Diliman, Quezon City, Philippines and organized around five districts, each with mixed-use character but with distinct identity. It is one of the three currently existing main business districts of the city - alongside Eastwood City in Libis and Araneta Center in Cubao. It is one of two business districts currently being developed or redeveloped, the other being Neopolitan Business Park in Novaliches.
This business district spans from the East and North Triangles to the Quezon Memorial Circle also encompassing the Veterans Memorial Medical Center (VMMC) property along North Avenue. The World Bank dubbed the project as “the center of gravity of commercial developments in Metro Manila in the coming years.” The site offers the most ideal locations in terms of metropolitan access. It will be linked to at least three MRT-3 stations and has one of the most expansive EDSA frontages, compared to other central business districts. World Bank contracted the Japanese firm, Almec, to complete the framework plan. Two companies have been given permission to develop the remaining empty lots, Ayala Land for the North Triangle and Eton Properties Philippines of the Lucio Tan Group for the East Triangle.
History.
The project began as early as May 2002 with the issuance of Executive Order No. 106 by then President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo creating the tripartite body called the North Triangle Development Committee that will oversee the development of the Quezon City Central Business District after a visit in the area on February 19, 2012. The Committee is tasked specifically to study and resolve the problem of security of tenure of the residents in North Triangle – a 37-hectare property of the National Housing Authority (NHA) that is leased to the Robinsons Land Corporation.
By 2007, the covered area expanded to 250 hectares while the name and composition of the body tasked to define and implement the plan was changed by Executive Orders No. 620 and 620-A issued May 4 and September 11, respectively. These Executive Orders mandate the “rationalization and speeding up of the development of the East and North Triangles, and the Veterans Memorial Medical Center area of Quezon City, as a well-planned, integrated and environmentally balanced mixed-use development model.” It also transformed the North Triangle Development Committee into the Urban Triangle Development Commission (TriDev Commission) and shrank the composition of said body from five to three members.
On March 2012, The Quezon City council has passed an ordinance classifying 250.6 hectares of the North Triangle, East Triangle and the Veterans Memorial Medical Center (VMMC) as a Central Business District including a master plan for the orderly organization of the area with distinct regulations and standards not provided for in existing laws.
Districts.
The five districts are Commons, Downtown Hub, Emporium, Residences at Veterans, Triangle Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19269262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269262" title="Matt Allen">
Matt Allen

Matt Allen (born October 23, 1977 in Montgomery, Alabama) is a former American football punter in the NFL who played for the New York Giants. He played college football at Troy State.
Early life.
Allen played football, basketball, and baseball for Calvary Christian Academy.
College career.
Allen played for Troy State University.
NFL career.
Before joining the Giants, Allen played for the Atlanta Falcons in the preseason. In his 2002 NFL season, Allen made 63 punts for 2,326 yards with 2,045 net yards and an average 36.9 yards per punt. He is infamously known for attempting to pass to Rich Seubert, after a botch snap from Trey Junkin, on the last play of the Giants-49ers NFC Wildcard game on January 5, 2003, which fell incomplete, ending the Giants' season. Another factor in the failed play is a pass interference penalty that wasn't called. Had the penalty been called, the Giants would have had another chance to kick. This play ended up being #10 on NFL Top 10's "Top Ten Meltdowns" and "Top Ten Controversial Calls" at #7.

</doc>
<doc id="19269279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269279" title="You, Me, and Everyone We Know">
You, Me, and Everyone We Know

You, Me, and Everyone We Know is a pop rock band from Washington, D.C., fronted by singer-songwriter Ben Liebsch. The band has released four EPs and one full-length album.
Its debut EP "Party for the Grown and Sexy" was released in 2006, followed by "So Young, So Insane", was released on November 18, 2008. "Some Things Don't Wash Out", the band's full-length debut, came out in October 2010.
In early 2011, five members announced their departure from the band, citing the actions of singer Ben Liebsch as "irreparable." Despite the split, the band released "Things Are Really Weird Right Now" on May 3, their final work together.
Liebsch announced in Summer 2012 that he was recording songs as a solo act for a new EP, which would eventually become "A Great Big Hole," released digitally on November 27, 2012 via the band's Bandcamp.
History.
The band formed in 2006 consisting of lead singer Ben Liebsch, guitarists Ryan Sherrill and Noel Milford, bassist Dan Lee, and drummer Paul Martinez. Before You, Me, and Everyone We Know, Martinez and Sherrill were in a well-known D.C. band. That same year, You, Me, and Everyone We Know recorded their debut EP, "Party for the Grown and Sexy" with Trevor Simpson. The album received mostly positive reviews, with "The Daily Chorus" calling the work "a beacon that proves there are still bands that really enjoy the music they create" and gave the album an 8/10. "Die Shellsuit, Die!" gave the album a 9/10 and called the band "one of the funniest, most cheery, cheekily upbeat, smile inducing, rock-out-tastic fun poppy melodic pop-punk bands out there right now. Ever."
After releasing their debut EP, You, Me, and Everyone We Know was noticed by Drive-Thru Records' co-founders Richard Reines and Stefanie Reines, who offered to manage the band. While supporting the record, the band toured with acts including I Am the Avalanche, Piebald, Phantom Planet, Four Year Strong, and Plane and Pilot. However, in 2007, Dan Lee was replaced by bassist Mike O'Rourke, formerly of The Alpha Couple.
You, Me, and Everyone We Know toured with The Color Fred, The Pink Spiders, and Paper Rival beginning October 26, 2007. Before the tour, they announced that work was beginning on recording a full-length album. In January 2008, Rico Vigil joined the band to play keyboard. Also in January, the band confirmed an upcoming full-length album. The band recorded two extra tracks, "Livin' th' Dream" and "Dirty Laundry", again with Trevor Simpson and, on January 28, 2008, re-released "Party for the Grown and Sexy" along with new artwork. The new version was made available online to download for free.
In late April 2008, You, Me, And Everyone We Know toured with Socratic and Say No More on the Drive-Thru Records Small Fries Tour. Then, in June, the band toured with Just Surrender, Every Avenue, and The Morning Light. After the tour, it was announced that drummer Aaron Stern, formerly of Matchbook Romance, had replaced Paul Martinez. Before Stern joined, You, Me, and Everyone We Know, without a drummer, was forced to play a few acoustic sets before finding guest drummers to fill in (including Steve Miller of Just Surrender). Shortly thereafter, the band played two dates of Warped Tour 2008, July 1 and 2. They began a tour with The Dear Hunter, Lydia, and Eye Alaska in August 2008. Before a week was up, the band's van ignited and much of their possessions were destroyed. However, their instruments survived and You, Me, and Everyone We Know continued the tour.
Prior to a tour with Sing it Loud and Take Cover (during September and October 2008), the band announced their upcoming, sophomore EP "So Young, So Insane" in September 2008. You, Me, and Everyone We Know stated that it will be released November 18, 2008, and that the band will work with Joshua Cain of Motion City Soundtrack and Jordan Schmidt to record the album. The band also announced a nationwide tour with Karate High School and I Set My Friends On Fire during November and December 2008. Before the tour started, Liebsch announced that O'Rourke and Sherrill left the band before recording "So Young, So Insane".
They toured with Forgive Durden, and Anarbor from May 5, 2009 through June 6, 2009 playing 28 shows in 33 days covering 18 states, from Pennsylvania through Washington State. Joining the band was Augustine Rampolla, a young talented guitar player and singer/songwriter from Reisterstown, Maryland. The tour with Forgive Durden and Anarbor was filled with many high energy performances in which the members of YMEWK brought their high energy to bear on the performances of their touring partners, including Ben lending his vocal abilities on Forgive Durden's Razia's Shadow performance. The tour culminated in Seattle with a spectacular high energy performance by all three bands at the highly popular Chop Suey music venue.
The band continued to tour throughout the Midwest and back toward their home state on the East coast with Asteria and Take Cover.
In November 2009, You, Me and Everyone We Know streamed two of their recording sessions via ustream.tv where viewers could hear new material the band was working on, possibly for the long-awaited full length album. At a show in December at Mojoes Rock House they performed a new song that was heard during the streams.
In 2010, the band went on "The Avatour" with Breathe Electric, We are the In Crowd, and Stay. In October 2010, the first album, "Some Things Don't Wash Out" was released.
The band was scheduled to tour with Hellogoodbye, Now Now Every Children, and Gold Motel in 2011.
2011 in a tour with We Are the In Crowd, The Downtown Fiction, Allstar Weekend as well as headlining band The Ready Set in the Glamour Kills Tour.
April 20, 2011 was the day it was revealed on the band's Facebook page that the band went on an infinite hiatus. 5 members (Farrell, Rampolla, Vigil, Ghazarian & Gibson) left, leaving the one singer (Liebsch) alone in the band. Soon after, Liebsch wrote a batch of paragraphs explaining how he's sorry and everything from the break up. He included that he had an alcohol problem. He'd steal money (not much in the beginning) from the bands funds to buy drinks. Then another member on the bands official Tumblr announced that Liebsch did not have a drinking problem. And he stole money for other things than drinks. Despite the ex-members' statements, most fans and other touring bands had noted Liebsch's drinking as more than just social. Liebsch has stated to be sober since the exodus of the other members.
On May 7, 2013 You, Me, and Everyone We Know released "I Wish More People Gave A Shit"
Style.
You, Me, and Everyone We Know's music falls under the rock and pop genres. The band's influences include Joe Cocker, Andrew W.K., and Schuylar Croom, lead vocalist of the band He Is Legend. You, Me, and Everyone We Know is frequently compared to the band Say Anything, for various reasons, notably the similarity of Leibsch's voice to Max Bemis's, where both voices are very strange and idiosyncratic; the prominence of shouted gang vocals; and the highly sexual content of the lyrics, unusual for rock music in the pop rock vein. They have also been compared to others such as The Format, fun. and Panic! at the Disco. Of the band's lyrics and music, Liebsch has said, "A lot of the stuff is a mix of what sits in the back of your head", and, "Most of the songs are more cautionary tales than anything else. In the end we're trying to write exciting music that's catchy and throws you for a loop at the same time."

</doc>
<doc id="19269304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269304" title="Faculty of Home Science">
Faculty of Home Science

The Faculty of Home Science is a faculty of Acharya N.G. Ranga Agricultural University, formerly Andhra Pradesh Agricultural University (APAU), from 1964, as per the Land Grant Pattern of United States adopted by ICAR for improving the quality of rural life. Though initially the trimester system was followed, from 1973 the semester system was adopted.
The institution has awarded around 2000 graduates, 654 post graduates and 60 Ph.D scholars, who have settled in professions such as dieticians, preschool managers, interior designers, apparel designers, community coordinators for development programmes, university teachers and researchers. Jobs for graduates who have entered self-employment includr interior and exterior designing firms, apparel industry, voluntary organisations, day care centers, pre schools, food processing units, and diet counselling centers.
Under the headship of the Dean, there are 21 Professors, 12 Associate Professors and 16 Assistant Professors on rolls, positioned as teachers in the College of Home Science, scientists in All India coordinated Research (AICRP) and Subject Matter Specialists (SMS) in Krishi Vignan Kendras (KVKs) and District Agricultural Advisory and Transfer of Technology Centres (DAATTCs). The Administrative Office is located within the college campus.
Aim.
The aim of the faculty is help the student learn how to enhance the standard of individuals in general and rural families in particular through teaching, research and extension activities. The focus is on empowerment of woman and girl children in rural and urban households through self-employment which will help towards rural development.
Research Progress.
Formulation of technologies for farm women being the objective of home science research, major thrust was placed on the areas of Food, nutrition and Health security, capacity building for drudgery reduction, value addition to farm and non farm waste, livelihood security, consumer education and preschool education. Its objectives are directed towards formulation of technologies for improving the quality of life in rural Andhra Pradesh. Projects started in 1974, funded by international and national organizations (UNICEF, CARE, Indo Dutch, IDRC, IFS, FF, CIRDAP, FAO, UNDP, US wheat associates, ICAR, ICMR, DST, Ministry of HRD, BARC) and State government departments (Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Education, SERP, DPEP).

</doc>
<doc id="19269311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269311" title="Loder Cup">
Loder Cup

The Loder Cup is a New Zealand conservation award.
It was donated by Gerald Loder, 1st Baron Wakehurst in 1926 to "encourage and honour New Zealanders who work to investigate, promote, retain and cherish our indigenous flora". The Minister of Conservation awards the Loder Cup to a person or group of people who best represent the objectives of the Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19269318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269318" title="Judd Lalich">
Judd Lalich

Judd Lalich (born 26 December 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer with the Essendon Football Club.
He was recruited from East Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="19269319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269319" title="Iftikharul Hasan Shah">
Iftikharul Hasan Shah

Sahibzada Syed Iftikhar ul Hasan Shah, also known as Zahray Shah, is a Pakistani politician. Zahray Shah was born in Sialkot, Punjab and was elected as a Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan for Daska in 1993 later on 1998. He was also member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab in 1990. He is son of Syed Faiz ul Hasan Shah a famous Islamic orator. Zahray Shah belongs to syed family of Allo Mahar shrif in sialkot. His brother Syed Hasanat ul Hasan shah was chairman of the district government of Sialkot. His nephew Syed Murtaza Amin Shah is currently a Member of National assembly of Pakistan.Pir Zaray Shah is a now member of national assembly of Pakistan,from sialkot constitency NA113.

</doc>
<doc id="19269322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269322" title="John Rodd">
John Rodd

John Rodd is a freelance music recording, mixing and mastering engineer. He is best known for film score recording and mixing.
Career.
His work include credits with The Rolling Stones, Porno for Pyros, Eric Clapton, The Red Hot Chili Peppers, Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston, Ry Cooder, Madonna, Boyz II Men and many orchestral sessions.
Films worked on while on staff as Orchestral Scoring Recordist at the Newman Scoring Stage at 20th Century Fox include I, Robot, The Last Samurai, Spider-Man 2, Pirates of the Caribbean, The Matrix (trilogy), Cast Away, X-2, Jurassic Park III, The Bourne Identity, Road to Perdition and The Sixth Sense.
John moved into freelance work in 2004 after leaving the Newman Scoring Stage and continues to work on orchestral projects, but has extensive experience recording and mixing all genres of music for film, TV, gaming and CD.
He works at a wide variety of recording and mixing studios, including his own facility. His private studio is well equipped with an extensive collection of boutique outboard hardware, ProTools HD, Digital Performer and Logic for stereo and surround music recording, mixing and mastering work.
Other activities.
John is very active in the film scoring community in Los Angeles, volunteering his time to provide educational workshops and lectures for the Society of Composers and Lyricists, The ASCAP Scoring Workshop, and The Composers Expo. John and his wife live on the westside of Los Angeles.
Credits & Awards.
For a partial list of Credits: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1116807/

</doc>
<doc id="19269329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269329" title="Jose Menendez">
Jose Menendez

Jose Antonio Menendez (born March 11, 1969) is a member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 124.
Rep. Menendez has been a member of the Texas House of Representatives since 2001. Prior to his service in the State House, Rep. Menendez was City Councilman for District 6 in San Antonio, TX.
Early life.
Jose Menendez graduated from Central Catholic High School, in San Antonio, in 1987. Four years later he graduated from Southern Methodist University, in Dallas, where he received his BBA degree in Business Administration and a BA in Latin American Studies. He returned to San Antonio, where he took over his family business in 1991.
Political career.
Jose Menendez was appointed to the San Antonio Zoning Commission for District 6 in 1994. After realizing that the sitting Councilman for District 6 was not doing the best job for San Antonio, Menendez was urged to run for the seat in 1996. After a heated campaign, Menendez was elected to the office of City Councilman for District 6 in 1997.
In 1999 Menendez was re-elected with over 84% of the votes. Menendez served the City with distinction on the Small Business, International, and Ethics committees. He also served as Chairman of the City's Community Revitalization Action Group (CRAG). In December 1999 he was urged by community and business leaders to run for the State Legislature as he had been elected to his final City council term (due to term limits). In January 2000 he left Council and ran for State Representative for District 124. In January 2001, Jose Menendez, was sworn into is first term and continues to serve as the State Representative today.
Rep. Menendez is married to Cehlia Newman-Menendez and has three children; Dominic Michael, Victoria Elise, and Austin Maxwell. Rep. Menendez and his family reside, in both, San Antonio and Austin.

</doc>
<doc id="19269331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269331" title="Alikersantti">
Alikersantti

Alikersantti (Undersergeant in Swedish) is the lowest Finnish non-commissioned officer military rank. Alikersantti is one rank above a Korpraali (Lance-Corporal) and one below a Kersantti (Sergeant). A holder of this rank is typically a squad leader, assistant squad leader, gun section leader or a fighting vehicle commander. 
Obtaining the rank.
Conscripts are first given basic military training for 2 months. About 30% are selected for NCO training ("aliupseerikoulu" or "AUK"), which lasts 4 months. Most "alikersantti"s are posted to companies for squad leader duty. This is the most common conscript leader rank. Additionally, in many specialist branches with a 12-month service the rank is given automatically and the "alikersantti" is not given a command, e.g. assistant mechanic ("apumekaanikko") in the Air Force.
It is also the highest rank that can be given to a soldier that has not completed any NCO course.

</doc>
<doc id="19269347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269347" title="Admiralty Park">
Admiralty Park

Admiralty Park is a national park in Woodlands, Singapore that is 27 hectares in size, comprising both nature and recreational areas. It is made unique by its river valley shaped hilly terrain. This feature reflects the history of the site, as it used to have Sungei Cina running through it. Visitors can utilise the main circulation path constructed alongside the valley, 
The park has a nature area spanning 20 hectares in size, the biggest nature area within a park in Singapore. Much of the park is mangrove swamp. Three boardwalks cut through the mangrove, providing places for observing and appreciating the flora and fauna with minimal disturbance of the habitat. The park works closely with neighbouring Republic Polytechnic, which is also the adopter of the park under the adopt-a-park scheme. One collaboration with them has been the Admiralty Park E-Guide, an online guide to the plants in the park produced by students from the School of Applied Science.
Admiralty Park is also used for sports recreation purposes and to facilitate this there are fitness stations and a running track. Concerts and performances and hiking and nature walks also take place. Wi-Fi hotspots for visitors are provided at locations around the park.
Getting there.
The park is a 15 minute walk from Woodlands MRT Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19269350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269350" title="The Wrong Object">
The Wrong Object

The Wrong Object is an avant-garde jazz fusion band from Belgium. Its current line-up is Michel Delville (who founded the band in 2002 and who has authored nearly all of its published work) on guitar, guitar-synth, voice and compositions, Marti Melia on saxophones and clarinet, Antoine Guenet on keyboards, Pierre Mottet on bass and electronics, and Laurent Delchambre on drums. Former members include Fred Delplancq on tenor sax, Damien Polard on bass, and Jean-Paul Estiévenart (winner of the Django d'Or award for best young jazz musician in 2007) on trumpet.
History.
The Wrong Object were created in early 2002 as a Frank Zappa tribute band, and have since played some sixty gigs in venues ranging from small pubs to big festivals such as Zappanale (2004 and 2008), the Gaume Jazz Festival, the Jazz à Liège festival Jazz à Liège and the European Jazz Festival in Athens. Some were augmented by guest performances by Elton Dean, Harry Beckett, Annie Whitehead, Jaap Blonk, Zappa's percussionist Ed Mann and others.
After a mini-tour of the UK, the Wrong Object performed with Zappa's percussionist Ed Mann at the 2004 Zappanale festival. Their next projects, "Elton Dean & The Wrong Object" and "The Wrong Object feat. Annie Whitehead and Harry Beckett", were documented by CD releases from Voiceprint ("Platform One") and Moonjune Records ("The Unbelievable Truth," a collaboration with Elton Dean) in the spring of 2007. "The Unbelievable Truth" was included in Arnaldo de Souteiro's, "Top Ten Jazz CDs of the Year 2007 (category: special projects)" of the Brazilian daily newspaper "Tribuna da Impresa".
The band is now managed by Leonardo Pavkovic at Moonjune Records and Management in New York. In 2008, they released "Stories from the Shed" (with cover art by British artist Marc Atkins), their first studio album in more than five years. Throughout the year 2008, the CD has received positive reviews from publications including "Jazzwise", Guitar Player, "Signal to Noise," Allmusic, "Musica Jazz" (July 2008), "Jazz Review," "Exposé" (September 2008), and others. Their music has also been aired by radio channels all around the world; in November 2007, the Dutch National Radio devoted a one-hour program to the band's discography and their collaborations with Elton Dean, Annie Whitehead, Harry Beckett and Alex Maguire VPRO.
Since its creation in 2002, The Wrong Object have played in many different countries outside Belgium (including Britain (2004; 2007), Germany (2004, 2007, 2008), France (2005, 2006, 2007), Italy (2008), The Netherlands (2005, 2006, 2008), Luxembourg (2005), the Czech Republic (2007), Slovakia (2005), and Greece (2008). On 15 June 2008, the band first performed their "Ode to Paestum", recorded live in Paestum (Italy), next to the 6th century BC temple of Poseidon in collaboration with Biagio Francia (a.k.a. Blaise de France) and Alexandros Hahalis.
Style.
The band blend psychedelic jazz with modern rock sensibilities. Their music is influenced by artists ranging from Canterbury scene bands such as Soft Machine and Gong to Béla Bartók, Aka Moon, Charlie Mingus and Frank Zappa. While most of their repertoire is original, they also play some Zappa covers on demand.
Discography.
CDs

</doc>
<doc id="19269379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269379" title="Korean barrel drum">
Korean barrel drum

The Korean barrel drum is a shallow, barrel-shaped drum used in several types of Korean music, one of the many traditional Korean drums.
This variety of drum has a round wooden body that is covered on both ends with animal skin. They are categorized as "hyekbu" (혁부, ) which are instruments made with leather, and has been used for "jeongak" (Korean court music) and folk music.
History.
The barrel drums used for court music are usually fixed with nails on the rims, while ones used for folk music are usually tied up with leather straps to form the shape. Performers in the court music usually beat these drums with a single drumstick (called "bukchae", 북채) in one hand or two hands together, while drummers in the folk music commonly use a drumstick in their right hand while hitting the other side with their open left hand. In the past, the "jong" (종, bell) was also referred to as ""soebuk"" (쇠북, metal drum) and included in the drum category.
Barrel drums have been used for Korean music since the period of the Three Kingdoms of Korea (57 BC – 668 AD) in light of mural paintings in Anak Tomb of Goguryeo (37 BC – 668 AD) and records of Book of Sui on the kingdoms, Goguryeo and Baekje (18 BC – 660 AD). In the 3rd of Anak Tomb, two types are depicted in the paintings titled "Juakdo" (주악도, , "painging of playing music") and "Haengryeoldo" (행렬도, , "painting of marching") such as "ipgo" (입고, ) and "damgo" (담고, ) respectively. The "ipgo" is a buk that performers beat as standing, while the "damgo" is a drum that drummers strike while carrying it on their shoulder. 
During the Unified Silla period (668 – 935), "daego" (대고, ) or " keunbuk", meaning "a big drum", was used along with a percussion instrument named "bak" (박, ) in music played by "Samhyeon samjuk" (삼현삼죽, 三絃三竹) which comprises samhyeon, three string instruments such as "geomungo", "gayageum", and "hyangbipa" and "samjuk" such as "daegeum", "junggeum" and "sogeum". In the Goryeo period (918 – 1392), as dangak and aak were introduced to Korea from China, a lot of drums such as "janggu", "gyobanggo", "jingo" began to be used for the court music. 
While there are twenty types of "buk" used in the present Korean traditional music, most commonly used buk are "jwago" to perform "Samhyeon yukgak" (삼현육각, 三絃六角), "yonggo" for marching music, "gyobango" for "bukchum" (북춤, drum dance), "beopgo" for Buddhist ritual ceremonies, "sogo" used by Namsadang, and street musicians, "soribuk" or called "gojangbuk" for pansori, "maegubuk" (or called "nongakbuk") used for nongak, and "motbanggo" used by farmers as working.
Usages.
There are two forms of undecorated "buk" used in Korean folk music: the "buk" used to accompany "pansori", which has tacked heads, is called a "sori-buk" (소리북),photo while the "buk" used to accompany "pungmul" music, which has laced heads, is called "pungmul-buk" (풍물북).photo The "sori-buk" is played with both an open left hand and a stick made of birch that is held in the right hand, with the stick striking both the right drumhead and the wood of the drum's body. The "pungmul-buk" is one of the four instruments used in "samul nori", a modern performance version of "pungmul".[http://www.culturebase.net/artist.php?1208] It is played by striking a single stick (usually with the right hand) on only one of its heads.
Due to its similarity in shape and construction, the "yonggo" (hangul: 용고; hanja: 龍鼓; literally "dragon drum"), which is a barrel drum with tacked heads decorated with painted dragon designs and used in the military wind-and-percussion music called "daechwita", is sometimes also classified as a form of "buk". It is struck with two padded sticks.
A modern set of "buk" (usually four) is called "modeum buk" (모듬북).photo They are typically placed horizontally on wooden stands and played with sticks.photo

</doc>
<doc id="19269397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269397" title="Ylikersantti">
Ylikersantti

Ylikersantti (Översergeant in Swedish) is a Finnish military rank above Kersantti (Sergeant) and below Vääpeli (Fältväbel).
Formerly the rank was mainly used by junior officers-in-reserve (with a reserve rank of at least vänrikki) working as temporary contractual personnel. This gave them seniority towards conscript sergeants or officer cadets, but subordinated them to commissioned officers (with an active service rank of vänrikki or higher). However, currently it is either a reserve rank, or a rank available to permanent salaried NCOs.

</doc>
<doc id="19269410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269410" title="Camarillo Ranch House">
Camarillo Ranch House

Camarillo Ranch House, also known as Rancho Calleguas and Adolfo Camarillo House, is a Queen Anne-style Victorian house in Camarillo, California. Built in 1892, the house was designed by architects Herman Anlauf and Franklin Ward. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. The house is currently operated by the Rancho Camarillo Foundation and is open to the public for docent-led tours on Saturdays and Sundays. It is also available to be rented for weddings and other special events.
Camarillo family.
Juan and Martina Camarillo.
Juan and Martina Camarillo were married in 1840 and moved to Ventura, California in 1854, becoming the fourth European family in the town. In 1876, Juan Camarillo bought the Rancho Calleguas in eastern Ventura County from Jose Pedro Ruiz for $3,000 in gold. Rancho Calleguas remained in the Camarillo family until the 1960s, eventually becoming the City of Camarillo—named for the family.
Legal battles for control of the Rancho.
Juan Camarillo died in 1880, and Martina Camarillo in 1898. In 1891, Martina had deeded the Rancho to her sons, Adolfo and Juan, Jr. Following her death, the Camarillo daughters (who were bequeathed $5 each in the will) challenged the deeds and the will. The "Los Angeles Times" reported that it promised to be "the greatest legal battle yet fought" in the courts of Ventura County, as the family members fought over property then valued at "a million dollars or more." While the initial suit was settled within a few months, the sisters filed a new legal action in 1905, alleging that the brothers had deceived their mother and that Juan had confessed his fraud to his sister and paid her $8500. It was also alleged that Adolfo had forced Juan to leave the country upon threats of exposure of his "private acts" that would cause disgrace and scandal. The "Los Angeles Times" followed the "spicy" case closely, noting that its charges and counter-charges "would furnish material for a sure-enough 'season's best seller.'" At the trial, a letter was introduced purporting to be signed by Martina Camarillo instructing Adolfo to destroy the will leaving everything to himself and his brother. Juan testified that his sister sought to blackmail him by threatening to send him to prison for "an infamous crime," and a grandson testified that he saw Adolfo "mysteriously place a paper in Mrs. Camarillo's tin box within a few minutes after her death."
Adolfo Z. Camarillo.
Eventually, Adolfo Z. Camarillo (1864–1958) came to control the rancho and turned it into "the largest bean ranch in the world." Camarillo employed 700 workers on his ranch, and his production was so great that the "Los Angeles Times" reported in 1909 that, "through the enormous output of his ranch, is, in a measure, able to set the price which the public must pay for beans." Adolfo Camarillo became one of the wealthiest landowners in the county, and in 1911 he was elected chairman of the Ventura County Board of Supervisors. He also served as a member of the State Board of Agriculture.
Camarillo Ranch House.
Architecture and use as the center of ranch operations.
After receiving title to the Rancho from his mother in 1891, Adolfo Camarillo hired architects Herman Anlauf and Franklin Ward in 1892 to build a Queen-Anne style Victorian house. They also designed the House at Faulkner Farm near Santa Paula. The house has two turrets, a large veranda and sprawling lawns. Adolfo also planted many varieties of trees, including eucalyptus trees, around the house. The Camarillo Ranch House, as it is now known, became the center of the sprawling Rancho Calleguas for the next 70 years. From the ranch house, Adolfo oversaw the Rancho's production of lima beans, walnuts, and citrus. The house also became known for the barbecues, rodeos and fiestas held by Adolfo. Adolfo lived in the three-story Victorian mansion until shortly before his death from pneumonia in December 1958. In 1998, The Firm of Lopez Architects, A.I.A, of Camarillo, CA, provided a Historic Preservation Rehabilation to the House. Under the direction of Principal, Craig J. Lopez, A.I.A. the home was seismically upgraded, and replicated to its original room, exterior porch configuration and High Victorian exterior style.
Camarillo Ranch's white Arabian stallions.
From the 1920s through the 1960s, the Camarillo Ranch House was most widely known for the white Arabian parade stallions bred by Adolfo. Adolfo rode one of his white Arabians each year in the Fiesta of Santa Barbara dressed in colorful Spanish costume. Even after Adolfo died in 1958, the family continued to carry on the tradition of breeding the white Arabians and riding them in area parades. Adolfo's original sire, Sultan, was a pure white, part Arabian and Morgan stallion. Sultan reportedly produced "snow white, pink skinned foals" no matter the color of the mares with whom he was mated. In 1967, the Camarillos were still breeding the white horses on the remaining owned by the family, and the "Los Angeles Times" published a feature story on the Camarillo horses. At that time, there were about a dozen Camarillo white Arabians remaining, and the "Times" wrote: "The Camarillo horses love a parade. Any spectator who has ever watched one dance down the street -- a brightly costumed member of the Camarillo family astride a heavily ornamented silver saddle -- can attest to the predilection." Since the 1920s, the Camarillo horses have appeared in numerous parades and at the opening of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge in 1941. In 1950, the Camarillo horses led the Rose Parade and have been in many Rose Parades since.
Sale and subdivision of the Rancho.
In 1963, the family put the vast ranch property up for sale. An initial sale of in 1963 fell through, but the ranch was eventually sold off and its vast ranch lands developed into the housing tracts and commercial and industrial centers of modern Camarillo. The Camarillo family retained about , including the old ranch house.
Recent use of the Ranch house.
In 1998, the Camarillo Planning Commission approved a zoning change to allow an industrial park to be built around the Camarillo Ranch House, but conditioned the approval on the developer's donating the ranch house, barn and to the city. The city then renovated the house and opened it to the public in 2001 as a museum and site for receptions and other functions. The house is operated by the nonprofit Camarillo Ranch Foundation. The renovation cost $1.5 million and was also made possible by volunteers who donated 10,000 hours to the effort.
Camarillo Ranch House is a popular location not only for weddings and receptions but also for filming. One location manager noted that the house has the appearance of a rural setting "almost anywhere in the United States -- from Bakersfield to Nebraska."

</doc>
<doc id="19269427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269427" title="WDCX">
WDCX

WDCX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19269429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269429" title="Fältväbel">
Fältväbel

Vääpeli is a Finnish and former Swedish military rank above Ylikersantti and below Ylivääpeli. The rank is derived from the German rank Feldwebel and was used as a rank in the Landsknecht (15th and 16th century) for the one who was responsible for aligning troops during battle. 
History and related ranks.
1600 - 1700 (Finland and Sweden).
The rank was established as the highest non-commissioned officers rank.
1833 (Sweden).
Holders of the rank Fältväbel were promoted to Fanjunkare and the rank was removed. 
Finland.
"Vääpeli"s were traditionally responsible for much of the practical tasks in training conscripts and keeping them in line (often literally), in a manner similar to drill sergeant. They were the lowest rank of permanent salaried NCO and thus to a conscript, they were the first and most often encountered of career personnel. (In regular units, lower ranks were either conscripts or temporarily employed.) Obtaining the rank of "vääpeli" required completion of a degree from "Päällystöopisto", a military junior college. "Vääpeli"s were career NCOs and could be promoted to "ylivääpeli" and "sotilasmestari", but not to commissioned officers; this would require attending the Finnish National Defence University.

</doc>
<doc id="19269434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269434" title="Tough Guys Don't Dance (Soulsavers album)">
Tough Guys Don't Dance (Soulsavers album)

"Tough Guys Don't Dance" is the debut album from British production duo Soulsavers. The album was released in the UK on October 13, 2003. Spain lead singer Josh Haden sings vocals on the songs "Love," "Down So Low" and "Precious Time." Haden's own song "Spiritual" would later be covered by Mark Lanegan and Soulsavers on the duo's next album "It's Not How Far You Fall, It's the Way You Land".
The song "Closer" was also released on the band's "Closer EP" on November 22, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19269443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269443" title="Frederick Albert, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg">
Frederick Albert, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg

Frederick Albert of Anhalt-Bernburg (15 August 1735 – 9 April 1796), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and Reigning prince of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg from 1765 to 1796.
Life.
Frederick Albert was born in Bernburg on 15 August 1735 as the only son of Victor Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his second wife Sophie Albertine Fredericka, daughter of Margrave Albert Frederick of Brandenburg-Schwedt.
Frederick Albert succeeded his father as ruler of Anhalt-Bernburg when he died in 1765 and immediately changed his main residence from Bernburg to Ballenstedt.
On 22 December 1785 he confirmed the entrance of his state into the Fürstenbund.
In 1788 a classical theater was built under his orders. He was considered as "Father of the Country" by the citizens of his principality, primarily for his good works: one of his reforms was to give women legal influence over their inheritance. Frederick Albert was also the founder of the "Anhaltische Mineraliensammlung".
He died at Ballenstedt on 9 April 1796. It is unclear whether he died as a result of a hunting accident, or if he committed suicide.
Marriage and issue.
In Augustenburg on 4 June 1763 Frederick Albert married Louise Albertine (b. Plön, 21 July 1748 - d. Ballenstedt, 2 March 1769), daughter of Frederick Carl, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Plön and a princess of Denmark by birth as a descendant in the male line of King Christian III. They had two children:
Frederick Albert also had an illegitimate daughter:

</doc>
<doc id="19269510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269510" title="The Original Recordings">
The Original Recordings

The Original Recordings (Singles and Unreleased 1995-1997) is a compilation album put together by founding members of The Detroit Cobras, and their fifth release. The album includes the first three 45s released by the original band as well as outtakes from their first LP and other unreleased tracks. 
This album was going to be released by Sympathy for the Record Industry as Lost and Found in 2004, but complications arose with the current and former members of the band, so the project was temporarily scrapped. Munster Records in Spain was successful in reaching an agreement with all parties involved and released the LP in three different formats, 12" LP, CD and 7" 45 boxset, each including a detailed history of the early years of the group.

</doc>
<doc id="19269543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269543" title="1996 Pat Sin Leng wildfire">
1996 Pat Sin Leng wildfire

The 1996 Pat Sin Leng wildfire was a wildfire in Pat Sin Leng, Tai Po, New Territories, Hong Kong on 10 February, 1996 (Saturday). It was the worst wildfire in local history. The disaster killed three students and two teachers of Hong Kong Chinese Women's Club Fung Yiu King Memorial Secondary School and injured another 13 students.
The Hong Kong Government built a "Spring Breeze Pavilion" on Pat Sin Leng to commemorate the two teachers who died saving the students in the tragedy.
After the disaster, the area was no longer suitable for vegetation growth, therefore suffers from soil erosion.
Background events.
On 10 February, 1996, 49 students of HKCWC Fung Yiu King Memorial Secondary School were led by five teachers in the "Golden Leg" Hiking activities which were held jointly by Geographic Society of the school and the Duke of Edinburgh Award Scheme (now Hong Kong Award for Young People). The plan was to hike from the Agriculture and Fisheries Department Plover Cove Country Park Visitor Centre to Hok Tau, Fanling via Section 9 and 10 of Wilson Trail on Pat Sin Leng.
It was an extremely dry day with a relative humidity of 31%, the Hong Kong Observatory had issued the Red Fire Danger Warning, warning of a very high risk of wildfires.
The fire was discovered at about 11:20, just as the group was around 150 metres away from Sin Koo peak. The fire quickly spread upwards, out of control. As the downhill escape route was blocked by the fire, the group was forced to flee up hill. Thirty-two students escaped and raised the alarm; but 18 people were trapped in Ma Lau Ai (Monkey Cliff). Teachers Chow Chi-Tsai and Wong Shuo Mei perished attempting to help students escape, while other injured students were left on the cliff in wait for rescue.
Rescue operation.
More than 200 staff and volunteers from the Hong Kong Fire Service department, Agriculture and Fisheries Department (AFD), and the Civil Aid Service (CAS) were dispatched and the search and rescue operation commenced at 12:23. The Government Flying Service (GFS) sent two helicopters to help fight the fire and rescue those severely injured. Rescuers provided first aid on the scene. Seriously injured victims were rushed to hospital by helicopters, while those with less severe injuries were carried away by the rescue crew. The first group of victims were sent to Tai Po Jockey Club Clinic. Ten seriously injured victims were transferred to the Prince of Wales Hospital in Sha Tin, which has a specialist burns unit. A female who suffered burns to 70% of her skin was rushed to the intensive care unit for advance treatment.
GFS rescue accident.
An unsual incident occurred with the Government Flying Service's helicopter in the rescue operation. Two casualties were spotted when crew members landed using the helicopter's winch sling. In accordance with the Code of Practice, they fastened their safety belt before pulling the victims onto the helicopter. However, due to his sight being obscured by the smoke, the pilot was unable to see the victims. The helicopter succeeded only in lifting the rescuer as it climbed, as the harness was not properly fastened around the casualties.
The helicopter returned to rescue two casualties, who were thought to be those who fell during previous rescue, but they were proved mistaken. The next day, rescuers found the last missing person, and found he was one of the victims who fell in the initial rescue attempt.
Casualties and damage.
The wildfire burnt for over 40 hours. At 11:00 the following day, all fires were extinguished.

</doc>
<doc id="19269577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269577" title="Drums of Winter">
Drums of Winter

Uksuum Cauyai: Drums of Winter, also referred to only as Drums of Winter (1977) is an ethnographic documentary on the culture of the Yup'ik people, focusing primarily on dance, music, and potlatch traditions in the community of Emmonak, on the shore of the Bering Sea. The film was produced through a "community-collaborative process" in which the subjects of the documentary had significant input as to the film's content and presentation. As a result, the film features conversations with individual Yup'ik in place of "the voice-over commentary by an unseen narrator that destroys the cinematic integrity of so many so-called ethnographic films".
"Drums of Winter" won awards at a number of film festivals, including the American Film Festival in 1989, the International Ethnographic Film Festival in 1990, the Alaska International Film Festival in 1995, the Festival of the Native Americas in 1996, and the Margaret Mead Film Festival in 2000. In 2006, "Drums of Winter" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

</doc>
<doc id="19269584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269584" title="Reflectivity range">
Reflectivity range

Reflectivity range is the term used in X-ray reflectometry and several other radar-related or emission related sciences to describe the range at which reflected emissions become indecipherable due to the reflection angle and/or range.

</doc>
<doc id="19269602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269602" title="The Principal's Office">
The Principal's Office

"The Principal's Office" is a reality TV program on TruTV that began airing on August 21, 2008, released through Leftfield Pictures. It is set in American high schools and features dramatic and humorous encounters between students and principals. Some events that lead to such encounters are students being late to class, truancy, food fights, smoking, and disruptive conduct in class. New episodes resumed on January 8, 2009. However, the series was abruptly cancelled on February 5, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19269609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269609" title="Carrie Southworth">
Carrie Southworth

Carrie Southworth is an American actress and model who portrayed Dr. Claire Simpson on the SOAPnet prime time serial "" in 2008. She is also the co-founder of www.twigtale.com - a personalized children's book company launched in 2011.
Biography.
Southworth majored in economics at the University of Virginia, and started modeling for Elite Model Management at age 17. In a 2008 interview, Southworth noted, "After I graduated with my economics degree, I had a choice between modeling and working on the bond trading floor at Chase Manhattan Bank ... The bank was boring, so I went back to modeling. That led to acting, and here I am!"
In 2008 Southworth landed the contract role of new medical intern Dr. Claire Simpson in the second season of "General Hospital: Night Shift", a prime time spin-off of the ABC Daytime soap opera "General Hospital". The 13-episode limited series aired from July 22, 2008 to October 14, 2008. As of March 2008, the first season of "Night Shift" was "SOAPnet's most-watched series ever." Southworth's character also headlined an online series of webisodes called "Night Shift: Claire & Kyle," with her "Night Shift" co-star Adam Grimes in his role of Dr. Kyle Julian. The actress had also appeared on "General Hospital" itself for three episodes in 2006 in the role of Dr. Gwen Miller, a minor love interest for one of the later contract roles on "Night Shift", Jason Thompson's Dr. Patrick Drake.
Southworth has also guest-starred on several television series, including the 2003 "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" episode "Dirty Girls," "Las Vegas" (2004/2005), "" (2006), "Pepper Dennis" (2006), "Justice" (2006) and "Rules of Engagement" (2007). She appeared in the films "The Look" (2003), "Phat Girlz" (2006) and "These Days" (2006).
Personal life.
In 2005 Southworth married Collister "Coddy" Johnson, son of Collister "Terry" Johnson, Jr. Coddy's godfather is the former U.S. President George W. Bush, who had been the roommate of the elder Johnson at Yale University.
Southworth's younger sister Lucinda (Lucy) is the wife of Google co-founder Larry Page. 
Southworth spent four years of her childhood living in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania where her father was posted with the World Bank.
Southworth's father is Van Roy Southworth (Ph.D, Stanford University), who retired from the World Bank after assignments in Tanzania, Croatia and the Republic of Georgia. Her mother Cathy McLain, an education psychologist, has established an NGO, "McLain Associations for Children", in the Republic of Georgia and "Stepping Stones International Organization" (www.ssnpo.org) in the US to help children with disabilities and their families.

</doc>
<doc id="19269621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269621" title="Risk inclination model">
Risk inclination model

Risk inclination (RI) is defined as a mental disposition (i.e., confidence) toward an eventuality (i.e., a predicted state) that has consequences (i.e., either loss or gain). The risk inclination model (RIM) is composed of three constructs: confidence weighting, restricted context, and the risk inclination formula. Each of these constructs connects an outside observer with a respondent’s inner state of risk taking toward knowledge certainty. 
Confidence weighting.
The confidence weighting (CW) construct is concerned with indices that connect an outside observer to the respondent’s inner state of knowledge certainty toward specific content. Underpinning the CW construct of the risk inclination model is the individual's experience of coherence or rightness and is used to calibrate the relationship between a respondent’s objective and observable measures of risk taking (i.e., weighted indices toward answer selections) with his or her subjective inner feelings of knowledge certainty (i.e., feelings of rightness).
Restricted context.
The restricted context (RC) construct is based on Piaget’s theory of equilibration and allows the outside observer to measure the way a respondent manages competing inner states of knowledge certainty during the application of confidence weights among items within the restricted total point value (TPV) context of the test. RC sets the parameters where risk taking toward knowledge certainty occurs. These parameters are important because they allow an observer to scale and thereby measure the respondent’s inner state of equilibration among related levels of knowledge certainty. Equilibration is defined as a self-regulatory process that reflects the biological drive to produce an optimal state of balance between a person’s cognitive structures (i.e., inner state) and their environment.
Risk inclination formula.
The risk inclination formula (RIF) construct is based upon Varignon's theorem and quantifies feelings of rightness toward knowledge certainty. RIF uses the Principle of Moments or Varignon’s Theorem to calculate the first factorial moment of probability in order to define this center point of balance among all confidence weights (i.e., the point of Risk Equilibration). The following formal derivation of the RIF is divided into three separate calculations: (1) calculation of the first factorial moment, (2) calculation of inclination, and (3) calculation of the risk inclination score.

</doc>
<doc id="19269649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269649" title="Mighty Like a Moose">
Mighty Like a Moose

Mighty Like a Moose (1926) is a Charley Chase short silent film that was directed by Leo McCarey. It was released on July 18, 1926. 
In this short silent comedy, a homely husband and his equally unsightly wife improve their looks with plastic surgery without telling each other. The two later meet, and not recognizing each other, begin to flirt, both thinking they are cheating on their spouse. The film is representative of Chase's adroit blend of farce, surrealism, and sight gags.
This two-reel short comedy is considered by some scholars to be Chase's finest silent film and is routinely listed among the greatest of all silent comedy short subjects. In 2007, "Mighty Like A Moose" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress, which recognizes American films deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant." 

</doc>
<doc id="19269652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269652" title="Victorian Railways motor car transport">
Victorian Railways motor car transport

The Victorian Railways and successors used a variety of railway wagons for the transport motor cars.
History.
A single wagon was built in 1958, but it was not until 1960 that any more emerged. The early usage of wagons was for carrying finished motor cars from Melbourne to Sydney and Adelaide. The Ford Motor Company plant at Broadmeadows was one major source of the traffic, with Holden being the other between Melbourne and Adelaide. This traffic ended by the 1990s and the wagons were put into storage.
The other traffic was the motorail service provided to passengers on long distance trains, allowing them to bring their car along with them. From the 1970s wagons were assigned to the "Vinelander" service from Melbourne to Mildura, with additional wagons used on the "Southern Aurora" between Melbourne and Adelaide, and "The Overland" between Melbourne and Adelaide. The latter train is the only one still running today, but has not had a motorail facility available due to the redevelopment of Southern Cross Station.
Variants.
'Short' wagons.
When the need arose for a form of motor car body transportation between Melbourne and Adelaide in 1958, a new vehicle class was created. A single wagon was built using the underframe of a scrapped Swing Door suburban train, with skeletal truss sides and appropriate tie downs. In 1960 the wagon was modified to permit roll-on roll-off loading and unloading, and by 1961 there were 22 wagons of this type, each capable of holding eight vehicles. These wagons, which were in length, were built at Newport Workshops and received the code 'AA'. Closed in sides were later added to the wagons. Subsequent bogie modifications saw these wagons recoded to 'AF' and then to 'AX'. With the introduction of Railways of Australia four letter codes in 1979 the wagons were recoded to 'VMAX', and then received a succession of 'VMxx' series codes.
'Long' wagons.
The long motorail wagons were built at either the Newport Workshops or Bendigo Workshops. Again with skeletal truss sides, only some were closed in like the shorter wagons. Initial codes were 'ALF' and 'ALX' with the similar 'MLX' added and reclassed later. With the introduction of four letter codes in 1979 they became 'VMBX' and then 'VMBY'. A number of these wagons were sold to the National Rail Corporation in 1994.
Car Parts Transport.
Aside from the above bogie wagons, there were also the KF and KW four wheel wagons, and the larger BFW/VBCW wagons used for transporting car parts.
Liveries.
The majority of the wagons received the standard Victorian Railways freight livery of wagon red. However, those used in motorail service later received a dark blue with white lettering scheme, then a tangerine scheme with the introduction of VicRail and V/Line.
Also, at one point the BFW/VBCW class were labelled with a large Ford logo.

</doc>
<doc id="19269655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269655" title="Gustavo de Simone">
Gustavo de Simone

Gustavo Daniel de Simone Horn (born April 23, 1948) is an Uruguayan football coach.
As a player he had a short stint in Argentina with Chacarita Juniors where he played 24 league games.

</doc>
<doc id="19269660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269660" title="Tandem chimerism">
Tandem chimerism

Tandem chimerism is the phenomenon where two consecutive genes are transcribed into a single RNA molecule. The translation (after splicing) of such RNAs can lead to a new, fused protein, having parts from both original proteins. 

</doc>
<doc id="19269697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269697" title="1907–08 Real Madrid C.F. season">
1907–08 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 1907–08 season was the 6th season for Madrid FC. The club played some friendly matches against local clubs. They also played in Copa Alfonso XIII.

</doc>
<doc id="19269724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269724" title="Yliluutnantti">
Yliluutnantti

Yliluutnantti ("premiärlöjtnant" in Swedish) is a Finnish military rank above "luutnantti" ("löjtnant") and below "kapteeni" ("kapten"), used in the Finnish Defence Forces (Army, Navy and Air Force) and the Finnish Border Guard.
The prescribed duty is a company vice-commander. Officers who have graduated as Bachelors of Military Science from the National Defence College with the rank of "luutnantti" usually re-enter the College after four years' tour of duty. After a study of two additional years, they are promoted "yliluutnantti" and return to more challenging duties. Yliluutnantti is also the highest rank available to those educated in the now-decommissioned school Maanpuolustusopisto (comparable to a military junior college). The rank of "yliluutnantti" may be placed in the NATO rank class OF-1, although it is not a part of the NATO system.
History and related ranks.
The Army of the Finnish Grand Duchy of the Russian Empire had a rank of "alikapteeni", similar in use as Prussian and Russian Stabskapitän. The rank of "yliluutnantti" came to Finland from Germany with Jägers in 1918, but General Mannerheim considered it being too German and encouraged holders of the rank to use more general rank of lieutenant instead since rank of "yliluutnantti" had not been confirmed as an official rank. In some regiments people with rank of "yliluutnantti" were considered to have been promoted to captain, and the rank fell in disuse until 1952 when it was taken to regular use, and ever since it has been in use in all three branches; Air force, Navy and the Army.
Prior to the Second World War, graduates of the Defence College served with the rank of "luutnantti". The rank of "yliluutnantti" was established in 1952, when it was felt that cadets graduating from the Defence College would be denied promotion avenues due to the large number of field-promoted company-grade officers in active service. As most of such officers held the rank of "vänrikki" or "luutnantti", and were unlikely to advance to field grade (due to their background as NCOs and lack of academic studies), the rank of "yliluutnantti" circumvented the seniority issue that would have appeared should the cadets have been promoted to "luutnantti". Due to this revision, reservists who held the wartime rank of "luutnantti" did not receive a promotion to Captain, as would have been expected, but rather to "yliluutnantti"; promotions were not grandfathered.

</doc>
<doc id="19269755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269755" title="Guo Huaiyi Rebellion">
Guo Huaiyi Rebellion

The Guo Huaiyi Rebellion (; also spelled Kuo Huai-i Rebellion) was a peasant revolt against Dutch rule in Taiwan which took place in 1652. Sparked by dissatisfaction with heavy Dutch taxation and extortion by low-ranking Dutch officials and servicemen, the rebellion initially gained ground before being brutally crushed by a coalition of Dutch soldiers and their aboriginal allies. It is considered the most important uprising against the Dutch during the 37-year period of their colonisation of Taiwan.
Background.
The burden of Dutch taxes on the Chinese inhabitants of Taiwan was a source of much resentment. The falling price of venison, a chief export of the island at the time, hit licensed hunters hard, as the cost of the licenses was based on meat prices before the depreciation. The head tax (which only applied to Chinese, not aborigines) was also deeply unpopular, and thirdly, petty corruption amongst Dutch soldiers further angered the Chinese residents.
The rebellion.
The revolt was led by Guo Huaiyi (1603–1652), a sugarcane farmer and militia leader originally from Quanzhou known to the Dutch by the name Gouqua Faet. After his planning for an insurrection on 17 September 1652 was leaked to the Dutch authorities, he decided to waste no time in attacking Fort Provintia, which at the time was only surrounded by a bamboo wall. On the night of 7 September the rebels, mostly peasants-farmers armed with bamboo spears, stormed the fort. The Dutch garrison there took refuge in the stable (the most defensible building in the complex) and managed to hold off the assault, though some Dutch were captured, killed and mutilated.
The following morning a company of 120 Dutch musketeers came to the rescue of their trapped countrymen, firing steadily into the besieging rebel forces and breaking them. Governor Nicolas Verburg then sent messengers to summon aboriginal allies to the aid of the Dutch, to which the natives responded in their thousands. On September 11 the Dutch learned that the rebels had massed just north of the principal Dutch settlement of Tayouan. Sending a large force of Dutch soldiers and aboriginal warriors, they met the rebels that day in battle and emerged victorious, mainly due to the superior weaponry of the Europeans.
Aftermath.
Over the following days, the remnants of Guo's army were either slaughtered by aboriginal warriors or melted back into the villages they came from, with Guo Huaiyi himself being shot, then decapitated, with his head displayed on a spike as a warning. In total some 4,000 Chinese were killed during the five-day uprising, approximately 1 in 10 Chinese living in Taiwan at that time. The Dutch responded by reinforcing Fort Provintia (building brick walls instead of the previous bamboo fence) and by monitoring Chinese settlers more closely. However, they did not address the roots of the concerns which had caused the Chinese to rebel in the first place.

</doc>
<doc id="19269761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269761" title="Golden Flake">
Golden Flake

Golden Flake Snack Foods, a wholly owned subsidiary of Golden Enterprises, is a producer of potato chips, tortilla chips, corn chips, cheese curls, fried pork skins, and other snack foods in the southern United States. 
History.
The Golden Flake brand (originally known as Magic City Foods) was established in the 1920s by Mose Lischkoff and Frank Mosher in a Birmingham, Alabama grocery store basement. The company changed its name from Magic City Foods to Golden Flake, Inc. in 1956 after having been bought and sold by several different owners. In 1968, the company went public, changing its name again to Golden Enterprises, Inc. It is still publicly traded today, listed in the NASDAQ under the symbol "GLDC".
One of its most famous spokesman was Paul "Bear" Bryant, the legendary head football coach for the Alabama Crimson Tide. For years the potato chips, along with Coca-Cola, were marketed with the slogan, "'Great Pair' says 'the Bear'".
Operations.
In 2010, John S. Stein retired as Chairman of the Board of Golden Enterprises. In honor of his many years of leadership, Stein was named Chairman Emeritus of the Golden Enterprises Board of Directors. Mark McCutcheon was elected as the new Chairman.

</doc>
<doc id="19269768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269768" title="309 Road">
309 Road

The 309 road is a long gravel road between the towns of Coromandel and Whitianga in New Zealand.
The 309 winds its way from Coromandel, on the west side of the Coromandel Peninsula, over the ranges to Whitianga, on the eastern side.
Places of interest along the road include Waiau Falls and the Kauri Grove, a stand of mature kauri trees.

</doc>
<doc id="19269772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269772" title="Abkhazia–South Ossetia relations">
Abkhazia–South Ossetia relations

Abkhazia – South Ossetia relations refers to bilateral foreign relations between the Republic of Abkhazia and the Republic of South Ossetia, whose international status is disputed - they are both considered part of Georgia by the majority of the world's states.
Abkhazia and South Ossetia recognized each other's independence and formally established diplomatic relations on 17 November 2006.
On 19 September 2005, a day before the 15th anniversary of South Ossetia's independence, President Sergei Bagapsh of Abkhazia and President Eduard Kokoity of South Ossetia signed a treaty of friendship and cooperation in Tskhinvali. The treaty was ratified by South Ossetia's Parliament on 27 December and by Abkhazia's Parliament on 15 February 2006. On 20 September, Kokoity awarded Bagapsh with the Medal of Honour.
In recent years, the governments of Abkhazia and South Ossetia have been working closely together in search of more international recognition. The leaders of Abkhazia and South Ossetia have also signed a mutual defense pact, stating that in case either country is attacked, the other must become involved in the other's defense. During the2008 South Ossetia war, Abkhazian soldiers and volunteers backed by Russian paratroopers drove Georgian troops from their last stronghold in Abkhazia's Kodori Valley while Russian and South Ossetian forces were engaged in heavy combat with Georgian forces.
Ambassadors.
On 26 September 2007, South Ossetia's first Ambassador to Abkhazia Robert Kokoity presented his credentials to Abkhazia's President Sergei Bagapsh. On 15 April 2008 South Ossetia's chancery in Abkhazia's capital Sukhumi was formally opened. On 10 December December 2010, President Kokoity accepted the credentials of Nodar Pliev, the ambassador of Abkhazia to South Ossetia. After succeeding Eduard Kokoity as President of South Ossetia, Leonid Tibilov dismissed Robert Kokoity as Ambassador on 25 July 2012. On 15 April 2013, Oleg Botsiev was appointed as his successor. On 19 August, Botsiev presented his credentials to Abkhazian Foreign Minister Viacheslav Chirikba, and on 20 August, to President Alexander Ankvab.
On 27 January 2014, President Ankvab recalled Nodar Pliev as ambassador to South Ossetia and appointed Alan Elbakiev as his successor. Elbakiev received his credentials on 7 February and presented them to President Leonid Tibilov of South Ossetia on 28 February.

</doc>
<doc id="19269786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269786" title="ORX">
ORX

Orx is an open source, portable, lightweight, plugin-based, data-driven and easy to use 2D-oriented game engine written in C.
It currently runs on Windows (MinGW and Visual Studio versions), Linux (X86 & X86-64), Mac OS X (10.4-10.8, PowerPC, X86 & X86-64), iPhone/iPod Touch/iPad and Android.
General information.
Orx provides a complete game creation framework including a 3D scene graph, hardware accelerated 2D rendering, animation, input, sound, physics and much more.
Its main goals are to allow fast game prototyping and creation.
Orx is published under Zlib license.
Features.
Despite being written in C, Orx has an object oriented design with a plugin architecture.
This allows its kernel to be cross-platform and delegates hardware- and OS-dependent tasks to plugins.
Most of these plugins are based on other open source libraries, such as SFML, SDL and Box2D.
Build files are provided for GCC makefiles, Visual Studio (2008 & 2010), Codelite, and Xcode.
Example.
The following example opens a 640x480 window, and display a hello world message.
In the actual code we'll execute orx and create an object called "HelloWorld".
In the config file we define all the property for our game and the HelloWorld object. Those can be modified at will without having to recompile our code.
Creating a single object can result in wildly different results depending on the properties of that object, defined in config, without any modifications to the code.
Those results can range from a simple text being displayed, as in the above example, to a full game scene with particles, animated objects, post-processing filters, localized texts, ...
History.
A brief history of Orx:

</doc>
<doc id="19269810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269810" title="Venda D'Abato">
Venda D'Abato

Venda D'Abato (January 30, 1979) is an American film actress.
Biography.
Early life.
D'Abato was born in Corpus Christi, Texas. A film and television actress in the US and abroad. She and her one sister were raised by their single mother in South Texas, who is a rancher that breeds and trains race and barrel horses. D'Abato is a juvenile diabetic and works to raise awareness and funds for research, participating as a research subject herself. She is also an avid animal lover and pesco-ovo vegetarian, who participates as an activist and philanthropist globally for the environment, conservation, animal and human rights.
Personal life.
D'Abato moved from Austin, Texas to Los Angeles, California 

</doc>
<doc id="19269843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269843" title="Aditya Nath Jha Government Inter College, Rudrapur">
Aditya Nath Jha Government Inter College, Rudrapur

Aditya Nath Jha Government Inter College Rudrapur is one of the oldest and largest colleges in Rudrapur, Uttarakhand, India. The college, founded during the early years of Indian independence, is managed and funded by Government of Uttarakhand. 
Courses include the fields of Science and Agriculture. Students may join the National Cadet Corps, Red Cross, Scout and Guide, and National Service Scheme (NSS) organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="19269857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269857" title="Jeffrey Bent">
Jeffrey Bent

Jeffrey Bent may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19269861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269861" title="Fred McIntosh">
Fred McIntosh

Fred McIntosh (23 July 1893 - 28 September 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University and Essendon in the Victorian Football League. His father, Fred McIntosh, Sr, played in the Victorian Football Association for Carlton.
Playing career.
McIntosh played for University in the Victorian Football League, making his debut in 1913. After 25 games with University he moved to Essendon where he played 14 games in the 1915 VFL season.
Military service.
After the outbreak of World War I McIntosh enlisted with the 59th Battalion, 6th Reinforcement of the Australian Imperial Force in July 1915. He left Melbourne on HMAT Nestor on 2 October 1916. On arriving in Europe he saw service at the Western Front. While fighting at Polygon Wood in Belgium he was severely wounded at and died two days later. He was buried at the Lijssenthoek Military Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19269875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269875" title="Mount Christie">
Mount Christie

Mount Christie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19269880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269880" title="Paphos Tigers">
Paphos Tigers

The Paphos Tigers are an independent rugby union club based in Paphos, Cyprus. They are known as the first independent rugby club in Cyprus. They have been established since July 10, 2003.
Having starting playing rugby in Cyprus as a small independent team, organising ad hoc games with various opposition, the Tigers soon joined the JSRFU (Joint Service Rugby Football Union), along with their rivals, the Limassol Crusaders, which administers the services league in Cyprus. The current Cyprus league consists of seven regular teams who play each other twice (home and away) through the rugby season.
Alongside the league competition there is also a cup competition played between the teams who have entered the league.
The team are predominately made up of South Africans who learned the game from their home countries, and British resettlers. They currently have 9 players who play for the Cyprus national rugby union team.

</doc>
<doc id="19269889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269889" title="Bill Frisell, Ron Carter, Paul Motian">
Bill Frisell, Ron Carter, Paul Motian

Bill Frisell, Ron Carter, Paul Motian is the 19th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 2006 and features performances by Frisell, Ron Carter and Paul Motian recorded on February 14–15, 2005.
An E.P. with additional tracks (Lazy/Mandeville/Little Waltz/Mood) was released on iTunes. It has since become available on Bill Frisell's official website as a download.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 3½ stars stating "This is a solid and unexpected surprise from a brilliantly conceived collaboration.".

</doc>
<doc id="19269890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269890" title="1908–09 Real Madrid C.F. season">
1908–09 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 1908–09 season was the 7th season for Madrid FC. The club played some friendly matches against local clubs. They also played in Madrid Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19269902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269902" title="Jim Nicholas">
Jim Nicholas

Jim Nicholas was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League. He served in the Australian Medical Corps, but was killed in action in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="19269933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269933" title="Fernando Velasco (American football)">
Fernando Velasco (American football)

Fernando Velasco (born February 22, 1985) is an American football center who plays for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2008. Before that, he played college football at Georgia. He played his high school football at Jefferson County High School in his hometown of Wrens, Georgia near Augusta. He started his first career game on October 10 in a 34-27 win against the Cowboys. He was released by the Titans on August 30, 2013. On September 9, 2013, he was signed by the Steelers after an injury to Maurkice Pouncey, and Velasco was quickly put into the starting lineup.

</doc>
<doc id="19269957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269957" title="Württemberg T 3">
Württemberg T 3

The Württemberg T 3s were German steam locomotives with the Royal Württemberg State Railways ("Königlich Württembergische Staats-Eisenbahnen") delivered between 1891 and 1913.
These tank locomotives were built for hauling goods trains and had three coupled axles but no carrying axles. All 110 examples went into the Deutsche Reichsbahn fleet where they were incorporated as DRG Class 89.3-4 in the numbering plan. By 1945 almost all of them had been retired or transferred to industry.
Three locomotives were rescued from the scrap yard, one of which is being presently restored to operational condition by the Railway Vehicle Preservation Society ("Gesellschaft zur Erhaltung von Schienenfahrzeugen").
The Class T 3 L engines of the Royal Württemberg State Railways were also 0-6-0 tank locomotives and intended for goods train duties. Four examples were built, of which one survived into the Deutsche Reichsbahn fleet and was numbered as 89 411 within Class 89.3-4 of the DRG renumbering plan.
These four 'specials' had a steerable axle and were somewhat longer than the other Württemberg T 3s. They were deployed on the lines from Schiltach to Schramberg and from Waldenburg to Künzelsau, but proved to have very high maintenance costs, with the result that three of them were retired by the Württemberg State Railways. The remaining one was taken over by the Reichsbahn, but was soon taken out of service as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19269964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269964" title="Sabyasachi Chakrabarty">
Sabyasachi Chakrabarty

Sabyasachi Chakrabarty (, born 8 September 1956) is an Indian Bengali actor of TV and films. Sabyasachi Chakrabarty is one of the most talented and prolific actors of West Bengal whose acting prowess is well known all over India.
Personal life.
His parents, Jagadish Chandra Chakrabarty and Monica Chakrabarty, used to lovingly call him "Benu." In 1975, he passed Higher Secondary Examination from Andrew's High (H.S.) School, Kolkata. He also earned a degree in B.Sc from Hansraj College, University of Delhi. He cleared his AMI examination from Delhi in 1978. Apart from acting, his love for nature and forests is well known. He takes ardent interest in wild life photography. Sabyasachi got married in 1986 to Mithu Chakrabarty, who is also a popular face in the Bengali entertainment industry. He has two sons Gaurav and Arjun, both of whom are talented upcoming actors.
Career.
Sabyasachi's first mainstream work was a lead role in the 1987 TV series Tero Parbon for Kolkata Doordarshan channel. Tero Parbon was a critically acclaimed series with a memorable soundtrack in which his role as the character "Gora" was well-received and made him fairly popular in his early days of acting.
He made his movie debut in Tapan Sinha’s film "Antardhan" in 1992. He continued to work in several television series and shows (mostly in Bengali). He has directed many TV shows and some shows for children. His role as Feluda in "Jotokando Kathmandutei", "Baksho Rahashya", "Bombaiyer Bombete", "Kailashey Kelenkari", "Tintorettor Jishu" and "Gorosthaney Sabdhan" have reinstated the nostalgia surrounding Satyajit Ray’s Feluda series. His roles in "Antardhan", "Sweth Pathorer Thala", "Mahulbanir Sereng", "Parineeta" (Hindi), "Nishijapon" Raj Kumar Santoshi's cop drama "Khakee" and Mira Nair's "The Namesake" amongst others have earned him wide recognition. He got involved with Charbak theatre group in 1983. He has worked in a number of Hindi movies and TV shows as well.
Honours and awards.
In 2002 Chakrabarty was awarded the Best director award for "Ek Je Aachhe Kanya" and in 2004 he was again awarded Best Actor for his performance in "Bombaiyer Bombete" by Anandalok Awards.
In 1996 he received the Best Actor award for his performance in "Kakababu Here Gelen" and, again, in 2005 he was awarded Best Actor for his role in "Mahulbanir Sereng", by Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards (BFJA). Sabyasachi Chakrabarty has been the recipient of the Best Actor award in a Supporting Role by the BFJA in 1995, 2000 and 2003.
He has received many other awards including the 2nd International Indo-Bangladesh Kala Music Award (IIBKMA). As an actor, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, receives plenty of recognition from institutions.
He is a recipient of Kalakar Awards.
Feluda portrayal.
The first Feluda film shot abroad was "Tintorettor Jishu" and director Sandip Ray cast Sabyasachi as Feluda again who delivered a much expected strong and praiseworthy performance. Soumitra Chatterjee originally played Feluda in Satyajit Ray's Feluda series. Both Soumitra and Sabyasachi played the Feluda character with great success. Sandip Ray's Feluda movies recently have been casting Saheb Bhattacharya as Topshe, originally played by Swasata Chatterjee and then by Parambrata Chatterjee and Bibhu Bhattacharya as Jatayu, originally played by Santosh Dutta in Satyajit Ray's Feluda series.

</doc>
<doc id="19269965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269965" title="Ang Mo Kio Town Garden East">
Ang Mo Kio Town Garden East

Ang Mo Kio Town Garden East is a community park that is situated at the junction of Ang Mo Kio Ave 3 and 8, behind Ang Mo Kio MRT Station.
The 5 ha park was built on a site that was formerly of rubber estate, thus the park has groves of rubber trees and other economically important trees such as nutmeg and cinnamon. These trees are enhanced by sculptures of rubber seeds and nutmegs that are found around the park.
The park is popular for recreational activities including jogging, foot reflexology, inline skating and t'ai chi. Visitors can enjoy the greenery while exercising or taking a stroll in the morning or evening.
Getting there.
The park is a 1-minute walk from Ang Mo Kio MRT Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19269991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19269991" title="Pendle witches">
Pendle witches

The trials of the Pendle witches in 1612 are among the most famous witch trials in English history, and some of the best recorded of the 17th century. The twelve accused lived in the area around Pendle Hill in Lancashire, and were charged with the murders of ten people by the use of witchcraft. All but two were tried at Lancaster Assizes on 18–19 August 1612, along with the Samlesbury witches and others, in a series of trials that have become known as the Lancashire witch trials. One was tried at York Assizes on 27 July 1612, and another died in prison. Of the eleven who went to trial – nine women and two men – ten were found guilty and executed by hanging; one was found not guilty.
The official publication of the proceedings by the clerk to the court, Thomas Potts, in his "The Wonderfull Discoverie of Witches in the Countie of Lancaster", and the number of witches hanged together – nine at Lancaster and one at York – make the trials unusual for England at that time. It has been estimated that all of the English witch trials between the early 15th and early 18th centuries resulted in fewer than 500 executions; this series of trials accounts for more than two per cent of that total.
Six of the Pendle witches came from one of two families, each at the time headed by a woman in her eighties: Elizabeth Southerns (aka Demdike), her daughter Elizabeth Device, and her grandchildren James and Alizon Device; Anne Whittle (aka Chattox), and her daughter Anne Redferne. The others accused were Jane Bulcock and her son John Bulcock, Alice Nutter, Katherine Hewitt, Alice Gray, and Jennet Preston. The outbreaks of witchcraft in and around Pendle may demonstrate the extent to which people could make a living by posing as witches. Many of the allegations resulted from accusations that members of the Demdike and Chattox families made against each other, perhaps because they were in competition, both trying to make a living from healing, begging, and extortion.
Religious and political background.
The accused witches lived in the area around Pendle Hill in Lancashire, a county which, at the end of the 16th century, was regarded by the authorities as a wild and lawless region: an area "fabled for its theft, violence and sexual laxity, where the church was honoured without much understanding of its doctrines by the common people". The nearby Cistercian abbey at Whalley had been dissolved by Henry VIII in 1537, a move strongly resisted by the local people, over whose lives the abbey had until then exerted a powerful influence. Despite the abbey's closure, and the execution of its abbot, the people of Pendle remained largely faithful to their Roman Catholic beliefs and were quick to revert to Catholicism on Queen Mary's accession to the throne in 1553.
When Mary's Protestant half-sister Elizabeth came to the throne in 1558, Catholic priests once again had to go into hiding, but in remote areas such as Pendle they continued to celebrate Mass in secret. In 1562, early in her reign, Elizabeth passed a law in the form of "An Act Against Conjurations, Enchantments and Witchcrafts" (5 Eliz. I c. 16). This demanded the death penalty, but only where harm had been caused; lesser offences were punishable by a term of imprisonment. The Act provided that anyone who should "use, practise, or exercise any Witchcraft, Enchantment, Charm, or Sorcery, whereby any person shall happen to be killed or destroyed", was guilty of a felony without benefit of clergy, and was to be put to death.
On Elizabeth's death in 1603 she was succeeded by James I. Strongly influenced by Scotland's separation from the Catholic Church during the Scottish Reformation, James was intensely interested in Protestant theology, focusing much of his curiosity on the theology of witchcraft. By the early 1590s, he had become convinced that he was being plotted against by Scottish witches. After a visit to Denmark, he had attended the trial in 1590 of the North Berwick witches, who were convicted of using witchcraft to send a storm against the ship that carried James and his wife Anne back to Scotland. In 1597, he wrote a book, "Daemonologie", instructing his followers that they must denounce and prosecute any supporters or practitioners of witchcraft. One year after James acceded to the English throne, a law was enacted imposing the death penalty in cases where it was proven that harm had been caused through the use of magic, or corpses had been exhumed for magical purposes. James was, however, sceptical of the evidence presented in witch trials, even to the extent of personally exposing discrepancies in the testimonies presented against some accused witches.
In early 1612, the year of the trials, every justice of the peace (JP) in Lancashire was ordered to compile a list of recusants in their area, i.e. those who refused to attend the English Church and to take communion, a criminal offence at that time. Roger Nowell of Read Hall, on the edge of Pendle Forest, was the JP for Pendle. It was against this background of seeking out religious nonconformists that, in March 1612, Nowell investigated a complaint made to him by the family of John Law, a pedlar, who claimed to have been injured by witchcraft. Many of those who subsequently became implicated as the investigation progressed did indeed consider themselves to be witches, in the sense of being village healers who practised magic, probably in return for payment, but such men and women were common in 16th-century rural England, an accepted part of village life.
It was perhaps difficult for the judges charged with hearing the trials – Sir James Altham and Sir Edward Bromley – to understand King James's attitude towards witchcraft. The king was head of the judiciary, and Bromley was hoping for promotion to a circuit nearer London. Altham was nearing the end of his judicial career, but he had recently been accused of a miscarriage of justice at the York Assizes, which had resulted in a woman being sentenced to death by hanging for witchcraft. The judges may have been uncertain whether the best way to gain the king's favour was by encouraging convictions, or by "sceptically testing the witnesses to destruction".
Events leading up to the trials.
One of the accused, Demdike, had been regarded in the area as a witch for fifty years, and some of the deaths the witches were accused of had happened many years before Roger Nowell started to take an interest in 1612. The event that seems to have triggered Nowell's investigation, culminating in the Pendle witch trials, occurred on 21 March 1612.
On her way to Trawden Forest, Demdike's granddaughter, Alizon Device, encountered John Law, a pedlar from Halifax, and asked him for some pins. Seventeenth-century metal pins were handmade and relatively expensive, but they were frequently needed for magical purposes, such as in healing – particularly for treating warts – divination, and for love magic, which may have been why Alizon was so keen to get hold of them and why Law was so reluctant to sell them to her. Whether she meant to buy them, as she claimed, and Law refused to undo his pack for such a small transaction, or whether she had no money and was begging for them, as Law's son Abraham claimed, is unclear. A few minutes after their encounter Alizon saw Law stumble and fall, perhaps because he suffered a stroke; he managed to regain his feet and reach a nearby inn. Initially Law made no accusations against Alizon, but she appears to have been convinced of her own powers; when Abraham Law took her to visit his father a few days after the incident, she reportedly confessed and asked for his forgiveness.
Alizon Device, her mother Elizabeth, and her brother James were summoned to appear before Nowell on 30 March 1612. Alizon confessed that she had sold her soul to the Devil, and that she had told him to lame John Law after he had called her a thief. Her brother, James, stated that his sister had also confessed to bewitching a local child. Elizabeth was more reticent, admitting only that her mother, Demdike, had a mark on her body, something that many, including Nowell, would have regarded as having been left by the Devil after he had sucked her blood. When questioned about Anne Whittle (Chattox), the matriarch of the other family reputedly involved in witchcraft in and around Pendle, Alizon perhaps saw an opportunity for revenge. There may have been bad blood between the two families, possibly dating from 1601, when a member of Chattox's family broke into Malkin Tower, the home of the Devices, and stole goods worth about £1, equivalent to about £100 as of 2008. Alizon accused Chattox of murdering four men by witchcraft, and of killing her father, John Device, who had died in 1601. She claimed that her father had been so frightened of Old Chattox that he had agreed to give her of oatmeal each year in return for her promise not to hurt his family. The meal was handed over annually until the year before John's death; on his deathbed John claimed that his sickness had been caused by Chattox because they had not paid for protection.
On 2 April 1612, Demdike, Chattox, and Chattox's daughter Anne Redferne, were summoned to appear before Nowell. Both Demdike and Chattox were by then blind and in their eighties, and both provided Nowell with damaging confessions. Demdike claimed that she had given her soul to the Devil 20 years previously, and Chattox that she had given her soul to "a Thing like a Christian man", on his promise that "she would not lack anything and would get any revenge she desired". Although Anne Redferne made no confession, Demdike said that she had seen her making clay figures. Margaret Crooke, another witness seen by Nowell that day, claimed that her brother had fallen sick and died after having had a disagreement with Redferne, and that he had frequently blamed her for his illness Based on the evidence and confessions he had obtained, Nowell committed Demdike, Chattox, Anne Redferne and Alizon Device to Lancaster Gaol, to be tried for "maleficium" – causing harm by witchcraft – at the next assizes.
Meeting at Malkin Tower.
The committal and subsequent trial of the four women might have been the end of the matter, had it not been for a meeting organised by Elizabeth Device at Malkin Tower, the home of the Demdikes, held on Good Friday 10 April 1612. To feed the party, James Device stole a neighbour's sheep.
Friends and others sympathetic to the family attended, and when word of it reached Roger Nowell, he decided to investigate. On 27 April 1612, an inquiry was held before Nowell and another magistrate, Nicholas Bannister, to determine the purpose of the meeting at Malkin Tower, who had attended, and what had happened there. As a result of the inquiry, eight more people were accused of witchcraft and committed for trial: Elizabeth Device, James Device, Alice Nutter, Katherine Hewitt, John Bulcock, Jane Bulcock, Alice Gray and Jennet Preston. Preston lived across the border in Yorkshire, so she was sent for trial at York Assizes; the others were sent to Lancaster Gaol, to join the four already imprisoned there.
Malkin Tower is believed to have been near the village of Newchurch in Pendle, or possibly in Blacko on the site of present-day Malkin Tower Farm, and to have been demolished soon after the trials.
Trials.
The Pendle witches were tried in a group that also included the Samlesbury witches, Jane Southworth, Jennet Brierley, and Ellen Brierley, the charges against whom included child murder and cannibalism; Margaret Pearson, the so-called Padiham witch, who was facing her third trial for witchcraft, this time for killing a horse; and Isobel Robey from Windle, accused of using witchcraft to cause sickness.
Some of the accused Pendle witches, such as Alizon Device, seem to have genuinely believed in their guilt, but others protested their innocence to the end. Jennet Preston was the first to be tried, at York Assizes.
York Assizes, 27 July 1612.
Jennet Preston lived in Gisburn, which was then in Yorkshire, so she was sent to York Assizes for trial. Her judges were Sir James Altham and Sir Edward Bromley. Jennet was charged with the murder by witchcraft of a local landowner, Thomas Lister of Westby Hall, to which she pleaded not guilty. She had already appeared before Bromley in 1611, accused of murdering a child by witchcraft, but had been found not guilty. The most damning evidence given against her was that when she had been taken to see Lister's body, the corpse "bled fresh bloud presently, in the presence of all that were there present" after she touched it. According to a statement made to Nowell by James Device on 27 April, Jennet had attended the Malkin Tower meeting to seek help with Lister's murder. She was found guilty and sentenced to death by hanging; her execution took place on 29 July on the Knavesmire, the present site of York Racecourse.
Lancaster Assizes, 18–19 August 1612.
All the other accused lived in Lancashire, so they were sent to Lancaster Assizes for trial, where the judges were once again Altham and Bromley. The prosecutor was local magistrate Roger Nowell, who had been responsible for collecting the various statements and confessions from the accused. Nine-year-old Jennet Device was a key witness for the prosecution, something that would not have been permitted in many other 17th-century criminal trials. However, King James had made a case for suspending the normal rules of evidence for witchcraft trials in his "Daemonologie". As well as identifying those who had attended the Malkin Tower meeting, Jennet also gave evidence against her mother, brother, and sister.
Nine of the accused – Alizon Device, Elizabeth Device, James Device, Anne Whittle, Anne Redferne, Alice Nutter, Katherine Hewitt, John Bulcock and Jane Bulcock – were found guilty during the two-day trial and hanged at Gallows Hill in Lancaster on 20 August 1612; Elizabeth Southerns died while awaiting trial. Only one of the accused, Alice Grey, was found not guilty.
18 August
Anne Whittle (Chattox) was accused of the murder of Robert Nutter. She pleaded not guilty, but the confession she had made to Roger Nowell was read out in court, and evidence against her was presented by James Robinson, who had lived with the Chattox family 20 years earlier. He claimed to remember that Nutter had accused Chattox of turning his beer sour, and that she was commonly believed to be a witch. Chattox broke down and admitted her guilt, calling on God for forgiveness and the judges to be merciful to her daughter, Anne Redferne.
Elizabeth Device was charged with the murders of James Robinson, John Robinson and, together with Alice Nutter and Demdike, the murder of Henry Mitton. Potts records that "this odious witch" suffered from a facial deformity resulting in her left eye being set lower than her right. The main witness against Device was her daughter, Jennet, who was about nine years old. When Jennet was asked to stand up and give evidence against her mother, Elizabeth began to scream and curse her daughter, forcing the judges to have her removed from the courtroom before the evidence could be heard. Jennet was placed on a table and stated that she believed her mother had been a witch for three or four years. She also said her mother had a familiar called Ball, who appeared in the shape of a brown dog. Jennet claimed to have witnessed conversations between Ball and her mother, in which Ball had been asked to help with various murders. James Device also gave evidence against his mother, saying he had seen her making a clay figure of one of her victims, John Robinson. Elizabeth Device was found guilty.
James Device pleaded not guilty to the murders by witchcraft of Anne Townley and John Duckworth. However he, like Chattox, had earlier made a confession to Nowell, which was read out in court. That, and the evidence presented against him by his sister Jennet, who said that she had seen her brother asking a black dog he had conjured up to help him kill Townley, was sufficient to persuade the jury to find him guilty.
19 August
The trials of the three Samlesbury witches were heard before Anne Redferne's first appearance in court, late in the afternoon, charged with the murder of Robert Nutter. The evidence against her was considered unsatisfactory, and she was acquitted.
Anne Redferne was not so fortunate the following day, when she faced her second trial, for the murder of Robert Nutter's father, Christopher, to which she pleaded not guilty. Demdike's statement to Nowell, which accused Anne of having made clay figures of the Nutter family, was read out in court. Witnesses were called to testify that Anne was a witch "more dangerous than her Mother". But she refused to admit her guilt to the end, and had given no evidence against any others of the accused. Anne Redferne was found guilty.
Jane Bulcock and her son John Bulcock, both from Newchurch in Pendle, were accused and found guilty of the murder by witchcraft of Jennet Deane. Both denied that they had attended the meeting at Malkin Tower, but Jennet Device identified Jane as having been one of those present, and John as having turned the spit to roast the stolen sheep, the centrepiece of the Good Friday meeting at the Demdike's home.
Alice Nutter was unusual among the accused in being comparatively wealthy, the widow of a tenant yeoman farmer. She made no statement either before or during her trial, except to enter her plea of not guilty to the charge of murdering Henry Mitton by witchcraft. The prosecution alleged that she, together with Demdike and Elizabeth Device, had caused Mitton's death after he had refused to give Demdike a penny she had begged from him. The only evidence against Alice seems to have been that James Device claimed Demdike had told him of the murder, and Jennet Device in her statement said that Alice had been present at the Malkin Tower meeting. Alice may have called in on the meeting at Malkin Tower on her way to a secret (and illegal) Good Friday Catholic service, and refused to speak for fear of incriminating her fellow Catholics. Many of the Nutter family were Catholics, and two had been executed as Jesuit priests, John Nutter in 1584 and his brother Robert in 1600. Alice Nutter was found guilty.
Katherine Hewitt (aka Mould-Heeles) was charged and found guilty of the murder of Anne Foulds. She was the wife of a clothier from Colne, and had attended the meeting at Malkin Tower with Alice Grey. According to the evidence given by James Device, both Hewitt and Grey told the others at that meeting that they had killed a child from Colne, Anne Foulds. Jennet Device also picked Katherine out of a line-up, and confirmed her attendance at the Malkin Tower meeting.
Alice Gray was accused with Katherine Hewitt of the murder of Anne Foulds. Potts does not provide an account of Alice Gray's trial, simply recording her as one of the Samlesbury witches – which she was not, as she was one of those identified as having been at the Malkin Tower meeting – and naming her in the list of those found not guilty.
Alizon Device, whose encounter with John Law had triggered the events leading up to the trials, was charged with causing harm by witchcraft. Uniquely among the accused, Alizon was confronted in court by her alleged victim, John Law. She seems to have genuinely believed in her own guilt; when Law was brought into court Alizon fell to her knees in tears and confessed. She was found guilty.
The Wonderfull Discoverie of Witches in the Countie of Lancaster.
Almost everything that is known about the trials comes from a report of the proceedings written by Thomas Potts, the clerk to the Lancaster Assizes. Potts was instructed to write his account by the trial judges, and had completed the work by 16 November 1612, when he submitted it for review. Bromley revised and corrected the manuscript before its publication in 1613, declaring it to be "truly reported" and "fit and worthie to be published".
Although written as an apparently verbatim account, "The Wonderfull Discoverie" is not a report of what was actually said at the trial but is instead reflecting what happened. Nevertheless, Potts "seems to give a generally trustworthy, although not comprehensive, account of an Assize witchcraft trial, provided that the reader is constantly aware of his use of written material instead of verbatim reports".
The trials took place not quite seven years after the Gunpowder Plot to blow up the Houses of Parliament in an attempt to kill King James and the Protestant aristocracy had been foiled. It was alleged that the Pendle witches had hatched their own gunpowder plot to blow up Lancaster Castle, although historian Stephen Pumfrey has suggested that the "preposterous scheme" was invented by the examining magistrates and simply agreed to by James Device in his witness statement. It may therefore be significant that Potts dedicated "The Wonderfull Discoverie" to Thomas Knyvet and his wife Elizabeth; Knyvet was the man credited with apprehending Guy Fawkes and thus saving the king.
Modern interpretation.
It has been estimated that all of the English witch trials between the early 15th and early 18th centuries resulted in fewer than 500 executions, so this one series of trials in July and August 1612 accounts for more than 2 percent of that total. Court records show that Lancashire was unusual in the north of England for the frequency of its witch trials. Neighbouring Cheshire, for instance, also suffered from economic problems and religious activists, but there only 47 people were indicted for causing harm by witchcraft between 1589 and 1675, of whom 11 were found guilty.
Pendle was part of the parish of Whalley, an area covering , too large to be effective in preaching and teaching the doctrines of the Church of England: both the survival of Catholicism and the upsurge of witchcraft in Lancashire have been attributed to its over-stretched parochial structure. Until its dissolution, the spiritual needs of the people of Pendle and surrounding districts had been served by nearby Whalley Abbey, but its closure in 1537 left a moral vacuum.
Many of the allegations made in the Pendle witch trials resulted from members of the Demdike and Chattox families making accusations against each other. Historian John Swain has said that the outbreaks of witchcraft in and around Pendle demonstrate the extent to which people could make a living either by posing as a witch, or by accusing or threatening to accuse others of being a witch. Although it is implicit in much of the literature on witchcraft that the accused were victims, often mentally or physically abnormal, for some at least, it may have been a trade like any other, albeit one with significant risks. There may have been bad blood between the Demdike and Chattox families because they were in competition with each other, trying to make a living from healing, begging, and extortion. The Demdikes are believed to have lived close to Newchurch in Pendle, and the Chattox family about away, near the village of Fence.
Aftermath and legacy.
Altham continued with his judicial career until his death in 1617, and Bromley achieved his desired promotion to the Midlands Circuit in 1616. Potts was given the keepership of Skalme Park by James in 1615, to breed and train the king's hounds. In 1618, he was given responsibility for "collecting the forfeitures on the laws concerning sewers, for twenty-one years". Having played her part in the deaths of her mother, brother, and sister, Jennet Device may eventually have found herself accused of witchcraft. A woman with that name was listed in a group of 20 tried at Lancaster Assizes on 24 March 1634, although it cannot be certain that it was the same Jennet Device. The charge against her was the murder of Isabel Nutter, William Nutter's wife. In that series of trials the chief prosecution witness was a ten-year-old boy, Edmund Robinson. All but one of the accused were found guilty, but the judges refused to pass death sentences, deciding instead to refer the case to the king, Charles I. Under cross-examination in London, Robinson admitted that he had fabricated his evidence, but even though four of the accused were eventually pardoned, they all remained incarcerated in Lancaster Gaol, where it is likely that they died. An official record dated 22 August 1636 lists Jennet Device as one of those still held in the prison. These later Lancashire witchcraft trials were the subject of a contemporary play written by Thomas Heywood and Richard Brome, "The Late Lancashire Witches".
In modern times the witches have become the inspiration for Pendle's tourism and heritage industries, with local shops selling a variety of witch-motif gifts. Burnley's Moorhouse's produces a beer called Pendle Witches Brew, and there is a Pendle Witch Trail running from Pendle Heritage Centre to Lancaster Castle, where the accused witches were held before their trial. The X43 bus route run by Burnley & Pendle has been branded The Witch Way, with some of the vehicles operating on it named after the witches in the trial. Pendle Hill, which dominates the landscape of the area, continues to be associated with witchcraft, and hosts a hilltop gathering every Halloween.
A petition was presented to UK Home Secretary Jack Straw in 1998 asking for the witches to be pardoned, but it was decided that their convictions should stand. Ten years later another petition was organised in an attempt to obtain pardons for Chattox and Demdike. It followed the Swiss government's pardon earlier that year of Anna Göldi, beheaded in 1782, thought to be the last person in Europe to be executed as a witch.
Literary adaptations and other media.
William Harrison Ainsworth, a Victorian novelist considered in his day the equal of Dickens, wrote a romanticised account of the Pendle witches published in 1849. "The Lancashire Witches" is the only one of his 40 novels never to have been out of print. The British writer Robert Neill dramatised the events of 1612 in his novel "Mist over Pendle", first published in 1951. A play based on the story of the Pendle witches, "Cold Light Singing", has been touring the UK since 2004. The writer and poet Blake Morrison treated the subject in his suite of poems "Pendle Witches", published in 1996, and in 2011 poet Simon Armitage narrated a documentary on BBC Four, "The Pendle Witch Child".
2012 anniversary.
Events to mark the 400th anniversary of the trials in 2012 included an exhibition, "A Wonderful Discoverie: Lancashire Witches 1612–2012", at Gawthorpe Hall staged by Lancashire County Council. "The Fate of Chattox", a piece by David Lloyd-Mostyn for clarinet and piano, taking its theme from the events leading to Chattox's demise, was performed by Aquilon at the Chorlton Arts Festival.
A life-size statue of Alice Nutter, by sculptor David Palmer, was unveiled in her home village, Roughlee. In August, a world record for the largest group dressed as witches was set by 482 people who walked up Pendle Hill, on which the date "1612" had been installed in 400-foot-tall numbers by artist Philippe Handford using horticultural fleece. The Bishop of Burnley, the Rt Rev John Goddard, expressed concern about marking the anniversary on the side of the hill.
Publications in 2012 inspired by the trials include two novellas, "The Daylight Gate" by Jeanette Winterson and "Malkin Child" by Livi Michael. Blake Morrison published a volume of poetry, "A Discoverie of Witches".
References.
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19270001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270001" title="Bhagya Chakra (2005 film)">
Bhagya Chakra (2005 film)

Bhagya Chakra is a 2005 Oriya film directed by Basanta Sau.This movie is starring Anubhab Mohanty, Barsa Priyadarshini and Anu Chowdhury

</doc>
<doc id="19270012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270012" title="Chiharu">
Chiharu

Possible writings.
Chiharu can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19270047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270047" title="Puget (surname)">
Puget (surname)

Puget is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19270076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270076" title="Royal Barcelona Maritime Club">
Royal Barcelona Maritime Club

The Royal Barcelona Maritime Club (Catalan: "Reial Club Marítim de Barcelona" (RCMB), Spanish: "Real Club Marítimo de Barcelona") is a member-only yacht club based in Barcelona. It was established in 1881 and is one of the oldest yacht clubs in Spain. 
This club is located at one end of Barcelona harbor, close to where la Rambla meets the sea, by the "Maremagnum" shopping mall and aquarium complex. The RCMB is a well-equipped yacht club, with its own delimited area situated very close to its rival Royal Barcelona Yacht Club (Reial Club Nàutic de Barcelona), which is deemed to be more elitistic. The RCMB's area is an "administrative concession" from the Barcelona Port Authority. It houses the club's premises, where there is a cafeteria cum restaurant specialized in fish dishes.
The club has 251 moorings for yachts of average size. On its NE side there is a dry dock area and repair facilities for both sail and motor boats. The club also offers sailing courses and watersports courses.
The Royal Barcelona Maritime Club regularly organizes regattas. It has participated in many sailing competitions and has won more than 1.000 medals in domestic competitions, as well as over 200 medals in international competitions. It won also the first olympic medal for Spain in the 1932 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19270079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270079" title="Ang Mo Kio Garden West">
Ang Mo Kio Garden West

Ang Mo Kio Town Garden West in Singapore is 21 Ha in size. Compared to Ang Mo Kio Town Garden East, this park is bigger and built on a hillock. Visitors can view the lush and spreading greenery from a pergola and plaza after ascending a 120-step staircase. Near to the entrance of the park is a cosy place for visitors to unwind - a landscaped pond, where one can sit back and relax.
The secondary forest is situated at the other side of the park where forest plants such as Dillenia and Vitex grow lavishly. Runners will love the footpaths meandering through the forest and flowing with the terrain as it will be a challenge for them. Other activities visitors can participate in include foot reflexology, inline skating and trekking and nature walks are available. There is a McDonald's/McCafe restaurant for visitors' dining.
Getting there.
The park is opposite Ang Mo Kio Town Library, along Ang Mo Kio Avenue 6. You can get there by bus Services 269, 138 from Ang Mo Kio Bus Interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="19270085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270085" title="Circus Farm">
Circus Farm

"Circus Farm" is a rock song that starts out as a soft shuffle, then goes into 2/4 time signature. It was written by Larry McClurg and the Mind Garage while staying at Valley View Farm along the South Branch Potomac River in Romney, West Virginia.
Different versions.
Originally the song was recorded in 1968 as a demo in Glenn Cambell Studio in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. John Vaughan played lead guitar on a Gibson Firebird electric guitar. Norris Lytton played a 4 string Hagstrom bass. After nearly 40 years, in 2006, that version of Circus Farm was released on a CD titled "Mind Garage Early Years" ( alternately titled "A Total Electric Happening" Morning Glori Music ) 
A second version was recorded in 1969 for "Mind Garage Again/The Electric Liturgy", RCA Victor LSP-4319 in Nashville at RCA's "Nashville Sound" Studio A, on Music Row. But this time without Vaughan's Firebird electric guitar. Instead Jack Bond, used Chet Atkins' custom Martin acoustic guitar and a Leslie tone cabinet and Lytton used an 8 string Hagstrom bass guitar which produced a dramatic change in the sound. Ted Smith played a Slingerland drum set on the 1968 version and a Premier custom made chome drum set with double bass drums on the 1969 versions.
Composition background.
The upper porch of the house at Valley View Farm overlooks a part of the valley with a wide view of the sky, which inspired the lyrics "Sky of blue May come my way". A circus can be a wild array of noisy disorder. Such is the history of the farm in Romney, West Virginia, and why the song is named "Circus Farm".
Romney was settled in 1725 by British colonial hunters and traders, but by the 1750s the residents were engaged in French and Indian War. In the 1780s, during the American Revolution, former Hessian prisoners built homes there. Valley View Farm itself was built in 1855. In the 1860s during the American Civil War the town changed hands between Confederate and Union armies an amazing 56 times. The lyrics "Living Kingdoms shot the gun, Killing sparrows..." refer to the violent history of the area.
Goodstock 2007 Music Festival.
On July 21, 2007 the Mind Garage performed "Circus Farm" at the Goodstock Music Festival promoted by McClurg and Artie Kornfeld ( The Father of Woodstock ).

</doc>
<doc id="19270090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270090" title="Oman at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Oman at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Oman sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. According to official records, the only athlete was powerlifter Badar Al Harthy.
Powerlifting.
Men

</doc>
<doc id="19270111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270111" title="Neusoft Institute of Information">
Neusoft Institute of Information

Neusoft Institute of Information () is a private university insititution with campuses in Dalian, Guangzhou and Chengdu, China, specializing on information technology.
History.
The Neusoft Institute of Information opened in Dalian (Liaoning province) as a joint venture of Neusoft Group (60%) and Dalian Software Park Co., Ltd. (40%), as a private university attached to Northeastern University, Shenyang. In 2001, the Nanhai Neusoft Institute of Information opened at Nanhai Software Park in Foshan (Guangdong province), as well as the '"Chengdu Neusoft University in Dujiangyan, near Chengdu (Sichuan Province).
During the Sichuan earthquake in 2008, the campus at Chengdu was damaged. Approximately 3,000 students had to move to the Dalian campus.
Education.
Each year, 4,000 new students are admitted to the Dalian campus. Graduation is possible in the following subjects:
All students must purchase a laptop computer for their studies. The university houses an electronic library.

</doc>
<doc id="19270122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270122" title="Speck Products">
Speck Products

Speck Products is a privately held U.S. company based in Mountain View, California. The company makes protective cases for portable electronic devices including iPad, iPhone, MacBook, Android devices, Windows Phone devices, tablets and eReaders. Speck claims to make cases that are both functional and fun to carry.
The company is noted for its CandyShell cases for smartphones and tablets, SeeThru MacBook cases and iGuy standing case.
History.
Speck was founded in 2001 by Ryan Mongan, David Law and Tony Lillios as an offshoot of Speck Design. 
In 2006, Irene Baran joined Speck as CEO. Prior to Speck, Baran was COO of Monster Cable Products for 16 years. She is a member of the Women in CE Hall of Fame.
Products.
All of Speck's products are designed by an in-house design group. The company is known for making functional cases such as the SmartFlex Card phone case and the HandyShell tablet case.
Other Speck cases include its CandyShell line, PixelSkin HD and FabShell for smartphones; FitFolio and SmartShell for tablets and eReaders; and SeeThru and SmartShell lines for MacBook. 
Speck's products are sold in Apple Store locations worldwide. In the U.S. they are also sold at Best Buy, Target, AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, Toys R Us and other retailers. Speck opened a retail store in 2011 in Palo Alto, California. All of the company's products are on display there, as it is a laboratory for the company.
Patents.
The United States Patent and Trademark Office granted Speck a patent for the co-molded design used in their CandyShell cases. The company was also awarded a patent for a case enclosing an electronic device and a card, as used in their SmartFlex Card and CandyShell Card cases.

</doc>
<doc id="19270166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270166" title="Ismet Munishi">
Ismet Munishi

Ismet Munishi (Serbo-Croat: "Ismet Muniši") (born 3 October 1974) is an Kosovar footballer who plays as a midfielder for KF Vëllaznimi.

</doc>
<doc id="19270167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270167" title="F20">
F20

F20, F.XX, F-XX or F-20 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19270180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270180" title="Satyameba Jayate">
Satyameba Jayate

Satyameba Jayate ( "") (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Milan Bhowmik. the movie featured Mithun Chakraborty, Ashish Vidyarthi. Every reel of this Milan Bhowmick-directed film is very Stylish. Mithun lectures on traffic are too good (even singing Aami traffic police), his father sermonises on honesty and integrity, while a cop stresses the need to be a good leader in today’s world, even comparing Mithun to Mahatma Gandhi, Netaji and Martin Luther King! The two new girls Tania and Priyadarshini — whom Mithun had picked from the reality show Dance Bangla Dance — have nothing much to say they are dam good.

</doc>
<doc id="19270194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270194" title="Sudre">
Sudre

Sudre is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19270208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270208" title="Bedok Town Park">
Bedok Town Park

Bedok Town Park is a community park located at Bedok North Ave 3 in Singapore. It is bounded by Bedok North Road, Bedok North Avenue 3 and the Pan Island Expressway.
Visitor Info.
Screening off Bedok Estate from the Pan Island Expressway is Bedok Town Park. 14.6 ha in size, the park is built on an undulating terrain with high mounds. The flat and linear cycling and jogging tracks and the fitness equipment are popular with local residents. Visitors can also choose to enjoy a foot massage at the foot reflexology path after a long, tiring day. Fruit trees such as mango trees are noticeable in the park and family gatherings such as having a picnic, can be conducted under these trees. You can also enjoy other activities including inline skating and taiqi in the park..
Getting there.
You can take Services 60, 23, 87, 518 and NR8 to Bedok North Road (NR = Night Rider); 
Services 18, 28, 66, 66A, 67, 69, 69A, 168, 228 and 506 to Bedok North Ave 3;
Services 21, 22, 65, 66, 228 and 506 to Bedok Reservoir Road;
and Service 225 to Bedok North St 3

</doc>
<doc id="19270217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270217" title="Composers Association of New Zealand">
Composers Association of New Zealand

The Composers Association of New Zealand (CANZ) is a body that lobbies for the interests of New Zealand composers. Through its affiliations with the International Society for Contemporary Music (ISCM) and the Asian Composers League, CANZ provides its members with opportunities to participate in international music festivals. The organisation’s flagship event is the annual CANZ Nelson Composers Workshop, a four day gathering of New Zealand’s emerging composers. CANZ members receive the yearbook, Canzona, and the bi-monthly newsletter, Canzonetta. The association presents two prizes: the KBB Citation for Services to New Zealand Music and the CANZ Trust Fund Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19270229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270229" title="Batem">
Batem

Luc Collin, best known by the pen name Batem (born 6 April 1960 in Kamina, Belgian Congo) is a Belgian comics artist best known as the artist successor of André Franquin of the series "Marsupilami".
Biography.
Collin started his career in the studio of colorist Vittorio Leonardo, and at S.E.P.P. ("Société d'Edition, de Presse et de Publicité"), a subsidiary company of Dupuis that specialised on audiovisual adaptations of the characters that are the property of "Spirou" magazine. Collin worked on several merchandising projects involving "Shoe", the "Snorky" and the "Marsupilami".
In 1987 Franquin asked him to do the artwork of "Marsupilami". He has illustrated stories of the series since, starting with "La Queue du Marsupilami" (1987), initially working with Franquin himself and several writers, such as Greg, Yann, Fauche, Éric Adam and Dugomier. The most recent album, "Red monster" was published in 2008.
References.
Footnotes

</doc>
<doc id="19270258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270258" title="GIDL">
GIDL

Gidl is a family name.
GIDL is an initialism that may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="19270261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270261" title="Bangabasi College">
Bangabasi College

Bangabasi College () is a Kolkata based liberal arts, commerce and sciences college. It offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses of the University of Calcutta. It was founded by Acharya Girish Chandra Bose, an educationist, social reformer and agriculturist, in 1887. The College celebrated its 125th anniversary from November 2011 to October 2012.
History.
Acharya Girish Chandra founded Bangabasi School in 1885. The school started in a rented house in Bowbazar Street with six teachers and twelve students. The school was upgraded into a college in 1887. Girish Chandra had served the college as its Principal from 1887 to 1933, before he was nominated as Rector of the college in 1935. The College got affiliation for B.A, B.L. and M.A. courses to meet the requirement of the students. In the year 1903, the college moved to its present premises at 19, Scott Lane. After that there was a steady growth of the college with the introduction of the Honors courses in various subjects.
After the independence in 1947, three new branches of the institution were opened which, later changed into Bangabasi Morning College, Bangabasi Day College and Bangabasi Evening College. All of them are housed in the same building, except Bangabasi College of Commerce. The College became co-educational in 1979 and the college authority opened another commerce department. 1947, the year of India's independence, coincided with the diamond jubilee year of the college. The celebration was inaugurated by Chakravarti Rajagopalachari, a lawyer, writer, statesman and the second Governor-General of independent India.
Accreditation.
Bangabasi College has been accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council of India (NAAC) with "B+" cerificate.
Admissions and academics.
Admission commences immediately after the publication of the results of the Higher Secondary examination of the West Bengal Higher Secondary Council. After all the admission applications have been received (within the specified dates) the College will publish its merit list of eligible candidates who may then be entitled to take admission in different courses. As per the rules of admission to Bangabasi College 22% of the seats are reserved for students belonging to Scheduled Castes (SC) and 6% for Scheduled Tribes (ST).
Undergraduate education.
Bangabasi College offers a number of degrees as part of its undergraduate programmes. They include:
Postgraduate education.
Bangabasi College offers a self-financed two-year (four-semester) Master of Science (M.Sc.) in Zoology.
Bangabasi College Computer Training Center.
Bangabasi College in collaboration with Webel Informatics Limited offers a computer awareness course. This course is compulsory to the students of B.A. (Hons. & General), B.Sc. (general) students.
Student life and culture.
Festivals
Freshers' Welcome, Annual Social, Inter-Class Cultural Competition, publication of Wall Magazine, organisation of nature study camps, Quiz, Essay, Debate.
Auditorium
The college has an auditorium with a capacity of 450 seats.
Bangabasi College Magazine
Bangabasi College Magazine (first published in 1903) is the oldest college magazine of its type in Kolkata. It is published by the Bangabasi College Students Union every year and it is an important annual event of this college.
Sports
Bangabasi College has common sports ground and a beautiful pavilion on the Kolkata Maidan for cricket, football, hockey, volleyball, lawn tennis, badminton, and athletics. Students of the Bangabasi College participate in the Inter-Class Football Competitions, Annual Sports, Inter-College Table Tennis Tournaments and Inter-college Cricket Tournaments.
Bangabasi College has strict provisions dealing with physical and mental harassment of junior students (ragging).
Notable alumni.
The alumni of Bangabasi College have achieved prominence in various fields. Following is the list of notable alumni of this college.

</doc>
<doc id="19270264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270264" title="Vello Helk">
Vello Helk

Vello Helk (born 23 September 1923 in Varstu, Võrumaa, Estonia) is an eminent Danish historian of Estonian origin.
In 1944 Helk was mobilized in the German army and was forced to go to Germany. From there he went to Denmark, where he in 1947 attended the University of Århus, where he studied history, Latin and German. He concentrated on history of Northern Europe in 16th and 17th century, and his main work was about the Norwegian jesuit Laurentius Nicolai, who tried to re-catholicize Scandinavia. He also has written an extensive survey about the Jesuits in Tartu and had studied the history of Scandinavian students in Southern European universities from 1536 to 1864. He is also interested in Danish-Estonian contacts, especially in the 16th Century, and also during the Estonian War of Independence. Helk's main works are written in German or Danish and some of them are also translated in Estonian.
Helk worked for over 30 years (1959–1990) in Danish National Archives, where he was leader of the 4th section from 1970 to 1990, and in 1978–1979 he was the deputy main archivist of Denmark. In 1990 he retired.
In 1996 Vello Helk was awarded an honorary doctorate degree by the University of Tartu.

</doc>
<doc id="19270266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270266" title="Spark (mathematics)">
Spark (mathematics)

In mathematics, specifically in linear algebra, the spark of a matrix "A" is the smallest number "n" such that there exists a set of "n" columns in "A" which are linearly dependent. Formally,
By contrast, the rank of a matrix is the smallest number "k" such that "all" sets of "k" + 1 columns in "A" are linearly dependent.
The concept of the spark is of use in the theory of compressive sensing, where requirements on the spark of the measurement matrix are used to ensure stability and consistency of various estimation techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="19270272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270272" title="List of Double the Fist episodes">
List of Double the Fist episodes

This is a list of "Double the Fist" episodes.
Series 1.
Episode 1: Vertical Challenge.
In this first episode, Steve challenges the Fist team to abseil down a cliff - without any ropes or means of suspension. Mephisto decides to construct a batsuit to glide safely down; he fails due to a lack of updrafts. Rod decides his strategy will be to jump the distance from the top of the cliff to the water; however, that distance is about 2 metres longer than the world record long jump, and even though Rod has his legs waxed in order to reduce air resistance, he fails. The Womp tests several strategies by throwing watermelons off the cliff, but every watermelon splats on the ground; he eventually succeeds by wrapping himself in over 900m of Bubble Wrap. First aired 21 May 2004.
Episode 2: Extreme Makeover.
Steve challenges the Fist team to improve the lifestyles of some weak viewers. Womp is assigned a kid, Rod is assigned an old lady, and Mephisto is assigned a mediocre magician. To test the fistworthiness of the subjects at the end, they will have to get on a luge and do a jump over a ramp. The jumps of the kid and old lady end disastrously. The magician decides he will do his jump in a bag (tied up), in a locker on wheels that is chained and padlocked, which is on fire; this also ends in disaster as the fire warps the metal and is unable to roll (as told by Mephisto). The magician burns to death, but wins as he put himself in mortal danger (i.e., a position where he couldn't get out of). This episode includes Mephisto's thoughts on vegetarians and Rod teaching his elderly lady a very painful way to drink tea. First aired 28 May 2004.
Episode 3: Fistathlon.
Steve pits the Fist team against each other in attempt to make sport more fistworthy. The first sport is golf; each contestant tees off as usual in a game of golf, but Panda is hidden somewhere on the course, armed with a Glock. Panda eliminates Rod and Womp (after teaching Womp to hit the ball off the tee) before they can get their ball into the hole; Mephisto then kills Panda with a knife. Mephisto triumphantly drops his ball into the hole, but does not receive any points because he was supposed to hit it in. The second game is clay pigeon shooting: each contestant is charged with making what Steve thinks is a boring sport into something more exciting. Womp decides to vary the angle at which the clay pigeons are launched, but some of them end up being directed at him, and he is pelletted by them. Rodd decides to have targets that shoot back, and is killed by one. Mephisto decides that "he" will be launched (by catapult) as he attempts to shoot at a stationary clay pidgeon on the ground; however, he shoots too late and misses. No one receives any points. Several more events are briefly summarized, including "Breast Stroke" (stroking a strangers breasts) bowling, the "fire sprint" (which resulted in all of the contestants exploding), and the smorgasbord event, which Womp won by eating 17 courses. The final challenge is a 'steeple chase', a run along the highway, over a space/time vortex, and through a "trap canyon" (basically a maze full of trapdoors, swinging blades, and spikes). The Womp gets off to a slow start and falls into the vortex; because the vortex transports him 5 minutes back in time, it effectively clones him. Womp falls in several times, so there end up being quite a few clones of him. Mephisto and Rod reach the trap canyon first, but are both quickly dispatched by it. The Womps get to the trap canyon, and by sheer numbers, one manages to get to the end. The Womp is declared the overall winner of the Fistahlon, and is granted the privilege of climbing "Mount Fistus" (a nondescript hill). This episode also divulges Mephisto's hatred of road safety campaigns and could be the first appearance of Blue Womp. The special features on the DVD of season 1 reveal that another sport, sprinting, was intended to be satired; however, there was a significant pyrotechnic mishap and the scene had to be cut. First aired 4 June 2004.
Episode 4: Fear Factory.
Reality television comes under fire this week, as Steve pits the Fist team and some guests against each other inside the world's most deadly factory. This episode includes Ugly Dave Gray as well as Yvonne Strahovski as competitors in the contest, Womp and Blue Womp arguing about cookery, shark-like creatures flying through the air and eating people, and Rod fighting evil flying furniture. During this episode, Mephisto gets possessed by an ancient Aztec demi-god, steals Steve's car, and disappears from the show until episode 6. First aired 11 June 2004.
Episode 5: High School Challenge.
In this episode, the Fist Team competes with some highschoolers in various challenges. Each challenge is worth 1 point. The team with the most points at the end is deemed the most fistworthy. Among the challenges were: 
At the end of the episode, the Fist Team was the overall winner, 4-1. Also, Steve became frustrated with Blue Womp, and after beating him violently, forbade him from ever appearing again. (He did reappear in the final episode of the season, but only to be shot in the head with a cannon). First aired 18 June 2004.
Episode 6: Bush Bash.
The episode begins with Steve deriding the ability of nonviolent protestors to ever accomplish anything. He then announces that there is a major logging operation taking place in a forest in Australia, and gives the fist team the assignment of stopping it; whoever eliminates the most loggers will have won. After several misadventures, the Womp, Rod, and Tina T manage to reach the main site of the logging operation, where it is revealed that Mephisto, possessed by an Aztec demigod is cloning pandas in a giant pyramid. The Womp pokes Mephisto in the eye, detaching the demigod from him. The dazed Mephisto orders the pandas to stop logging. Steve says that because Mephisto stopped the most loggers, he won the challenge. First aired 25 June 2004.
Episode 7: Terrorism.
This episode is slightly different from the others - it does not feature any of the recurring segments, and instead plays as a story. Steve challenges the team to stop a mysterious terrorist group, but when they are all taken hostage, it's up to Steve to save the day - and it turns out the head terrorist has a grudge against him. The split-screen effects and timers used throughout the episode are clear homages to the TV series "24". The action-packed ending and particularly the ending credits are a parody of the 1998 film "Armageddon". First aired 9 July 2004.
The title "Terrorism" is often given to the episode by TV guides, but throughout the episode itself it is called "Episode 7".
Episode 8: Special Edition.
This is a prank clip show episode, featuring previews for upcoming, and non-existent, episodes. It also has supposedly behind-the-scenes footage, expanded back stories for the characters, and some other miscellaneous clips like a music video featuring Rod Foxx on lead vocals. Steve claims on the website that he had a plan for a different episode, but ABC wouldn't let him broadcast it, so he had to throw together the "special edition" at the last minute. The false previews for the next eight episodes were paid off when they pretended the ABC had cancelled the series and faked being taken off air with two minutes left to go, with an intentionally bad replacement, "Town and Country", being shown for the remainder of the time slot. First aired 16 July 2004.
Extra Special Edition.
This DVD exclusive episode continues the prank clip show episode theme from Episode 8, which also features previews for upcoming, and non-existent, episodes. Letter of the Weak also touched upon the use of special effects in the show. (Apparently not only just for spectacular stunts, but for everything else as well.) The episode also features audition tapes from various members of the public who deem themselves fistworthy. One such tape came from Bill Karas who, according to Steve Foxx, originally had his own segments in the series which were barred from broadcast by the ABC. The segment titled "Fist Boy" had Karas take on fast food restaurant chain McDonald's for slaughtering billions of friendly cows and not giving back to the cow community by buying all their stock. The Womp's sexuality towards Steve Foxx is also questioned. The Episode ends with a rant from Steve Foxx regarding his difficulty with the ABC cancelling the show in favour of BBC Costume dramas and concludes with Steve kicking out the ABC camera crew from his house with whom he was dissatisfied in the first place. This episode has not aired on TV and is featured on the Series One volume Two DVD.
Series 2.
Episode 9: Beat The House.
Steve returns to Earth (chronologically after Episode 7) to find four years have passed and weakness is at an all time high. He encounters a pair of medieval re-enactors upon landing, and beats them up when they ask that he join them as their leader. He then sets out to find his team: Rod is spying on gymnastics performers, Mephisto is guarding a blood bank (but some vampires have him in their pocket), Womp is being crushed by cars at a derby and Panda is in a zoo.
With his team reassembled, Steve tells his plan: to created the ultimate fistworthy base to eradicate weakness, particularly that of the Medieval Re-enactors, from the face of the Earth. For this, they will need $1,000,000. He has a plan: the Fist Team's new target is gambling- not gambling itself, but the losers. He plans to beat the house in the most fistworthy way imaginable: steal it. For his plan, Rod will impersonate a famous hypnotist while Panda will be his 'lovely assistant'; Womp will pretend to be a famous professional gambler and provide a distraction while Mephisto will pretend to be a guard, allowing to sneak in a vampire friend (who will not show up on the security cameras).
It does not go as planned. Womp is caught up in his surprising success in gambling and does not fake a heart attack, prompting Steve to knock him out. Mephisto takes Womp down to the vault but Rod puts him to sleep due to a misunderstanding, and the vampire gets to Womp. They both then go on a rampage, causing security to lock everything down. Panda, meanwhile, has fallen in love with a mime. Rod and Mephisto barely escape, but Vampire Womp is disintegrated when he steps into the sunlight. Luckily, Steve managed to chain all the pokie machines to the prize car in the chaos and drives off with exactly $1,000,000. Due to stuffing up the least and not being disintegrated, Rod is given the new title 'Man of Fist'.
Episode 10: Council Smash.
With the money acquired in the previous episode, the Fist Team (including Womp, who is both no longer a vampire and no longer dead) and the "competition winners," members of the public who joined the Fist Team through a competition but who are effectively kept by Steve as slave labour, set up in Prawn World, a dilapidated theme park in the bush with a giant prawn as its advertising mascot. Representatives of the council arrives to evict the Fist Team, and Steve immediately orders his team to take them down. A battle time is set for the following morning, when the council returns to evict them.
Rod is sent to the council offices, to take on the mayor (a humanoid mutant who is seen to devour a baby in a single mouthful) directly. However, in doing so he comes face-to-face with the mayor's secret weapon, Tara, a beautiful and deadly assassin who, when inactive, morphs into a vending machine controlled by special tokens. Mephisto remains at Prawn World and angers Steve with his convoluted plan involving the wearing of tin-foil hats, telling him to use more force.
The council arrives and the battle begins, and the council gains the upper hand. After disappointing Steve and being sent to a shed for time-out, a dejected Womp speaks with his subconscious, which instills in him the confidence he needs to reclaim his position in the fight (and causes him to grow antlers). Womp returns and helps to win the fight. Steve gives his brother Rod the 'Man of Fist' award, despite Rod being almost killed in an epic fight against Tara and contributing very little else to the battle.
Episode 11: Fist Furniture.
Steve decides that comfort is the root of all weakness, so he designs a collection of fistworthy furniture (which offers pain rather than comfort) and sends the team out to destroy Steve's main competition, Vard'e furniture. Although he was not rewarded with Man of Fist in the previous episode, Steve recognises Womp's new-found confidence (and antlers) and allows him to lead the expedition. However, after orchestrating a loss in a non-contact capoeira fight at Vard'e headquarters, Womp loses his antlers and reverts to his original self. The team returns and battles valiantly, but Steve ultimately acquires Tara's jar of tokens and takes control of the assassin. She is sent into battle and saves the day, winning the Man of Fist award. Meanwhile, Panda's ongoing relationship with the mime from Episode 9 continues to anger Steve.
Episode 12: Double Dragon.
Steve's fist furniture does not sell as well as Steve had hoped. Worse, the website is hacked, and is replaced with a weak website mocking Steve. Steve sends the Fist Team out to find out who has taken over the website. The team traces a physical computer cable through the streets and locates an Internet Cafe populated by medieval re-enactors, still angry about Steve's treatment of them in Episode 9. They inform the team that the website (manifested as an enormous, purple monster) has broken free and cannot be contained. The Fist Team begins to battle, but is quickly short of numbers: verbal abuse from Womp has rendered Tara useless, and Mephisto is accosted by medieval re-creationists who ask him to be their leader against Steve — Mephisto considers this, and, in an ostensible betrayal of Steve, agrees to the proposal and does not tell Steve. So it is left to Rod to defeat the website. He succeeds, but is attacked by a smaller tendril of the site, which takes a chunk of hair from the back of his head, leaving Rod shocked and lacking confidence. The team returns victorious to Prawn World.
Meanwhile, all manner of chaos has broken loose at Prawn World. Buyers are cancelling their orders of Fist Furniture, and Steve vents all of his frustration on the Mime, whose relationship with Panda and whose weak refusal to ever speak he has never approved of. Steve sets upon the Mime, physically attacking him while shouting "Speak! Speak!". The Mime, so committed to his act, tries to write Steve a note to communicate, but Steve angrily crumples it and devises a new plan. He leaves Panda a message, ostensibly from the Mime, to meet him in the field; he then sets up a bouquet of flowers booby-trapped with a shotgun, and forces the Mime to watch from afar, so that the only way to save Panda was to shout out. However, the plan backfires, and the Mime does not speak; Panda's head is blown off, the Mime hangs himself, and the viewer sees the partially crumpled note that the Mime tried to give Steve: "I am mute." A broken Steve is met by the returning Fist Team, and he gives Panda a posthumous 'Man of Fist'.
Episode 13: House Party Challenge.
Steve, still shattered from Panda's death, wanders off into the bush. Rod immediately assumes control, and organises a house party. Rod is still reeling from the loss of his hair in the battle against the website, and he hopes to regain his confidence by donning a wig and picking up (and most likely date-raping) several girls at the party. He also harbours a grudge against Womp, whose poor effort in the fight against the website he partially blames for the loss of his hair, so he tells Womp that the house party is a challenge, and whoever picks up the fewest girls is kicked out of the Fist Team. At the party, Womp lets the competition winners go free, believing their leader that they will return. Mephisto encounters a couple of medieval re-enactors, furthering his relationship with them. Rod, meanwhile, performs reasonably well with the ladies before losing his wig, revealing his bloodied scalp and turning them off. He tries to rectify the situation by calling on Tara, telling her that her mission is to sleep with him; she initially refuses, however he destroys her tokens in an accident, which effectively kills her at the end of her mission, so she vengefully completes her mission as violently as possible, as Rod vainly attempts to apologise.
Meanwhile, Steve comes across a tribe of overweight men living in the bush. He immediately proclaims them to be weak, but they tell him that the strongest thing a man can do is cry in front of another man, and eventually win him over. The men have a celebratory feast to initiate their newest member, but when Steve realises that both the food and the skin he was to wear as an initiation ritual came from Panda, he goes blind with rage, killing the entire tribe. He returns to Prawn World with a renewed focus to take over the world and use his power to destroy weakness, and declares himself the 'Man of Fist'.
Episode 14: Ultimate Weapon.
Steve makes the Double the Fist Team climb a mountain where he was trained as a child to collect the "Ultimate Weapon." However, he causes the others (not including Womp) to become frightened when he does not give them parachutes to jump out the plane. He and Rod end up in a struggle and Rod's flare goes off, and the plane crashes. Womp rushes to Steve's rescue to find him disoriented, and expecting him to be carried to the top of the mountain. Meanwhile, Mephisto (who landed safely) has gone to town and finds that all he must do is take a chairlift to get to the top. He goes up and finds that all he has to do to get into the Castle which contains the Ultimate Weapon is cross a bridge, which he finds is guarded by a highly skilled guard.
Rod arrives to find Steve and tries to steal his glasses. Steve is infuriated and disowns him, making Rod run off ashamed (and imagine he has discovered terrorists). And so, Womp and Steve end up in a swirling chasm which keeps the world moving. Steve urges Womp to give up or go on without him. Womp insults Steve until he miraculously recovers from his injuries and lack of fistworthiness, and Steve rewards him with the 'Man of Fist' award. Meanwhile, during Mephisto's battle with the guard, a piece of the bridge is broken off and is lodged in the side of the swirling chasm, thus stopping Earth from rotating and nullifying gravity. This allows Womp and Steve to be lifted from the chasm, while Mephisto discovers that the monks have let the guard believe that dolphins (his favorite animal, despite the fact that he has never seen one) are extinct due to the ocean filling with sand. Showing him a picture of a dolphin he caught whilst fishing, Mephisto brings the guard onto the side of the fist.
The Fist Team enters the Castle and do battle with the monks (failing miserably) while Womp goes underground to find the Ultimate Weapon. He discovers it to be guarded by two twins guards (Shane Dundas of the Umbilical Brothers), one who always tells the truth, and one who always lies. After a lengthy conversation, Womp causes the truthful guard to lie and the untruthful guard to be truthful, which causes them to explode. Womp collects the Ultimate Weapon (a chainsaw known as the Timesaw) and Steve defeats the peaceful monks by majestically tossing a flower at the leader. They all flee the collapsing castle, except for Womp who is buried alive, but digs himself free. As the episode ends, Rod imagines himself releasing a new record and becoming a huge sensation as he freezes to death.
Episode 15: TimeSaw.
The Fist Team now possesses the TimeSaw, which can be used to cut holes in the time continuum, allowing them to travel through time. The Fist team goes through time to test its capabilities. During this, Rod has the rest of his hair blown off in a fight with a Futuristic Defence Force and goes insane. After this, the team goes back in time to an hour before James Cook officially discovered Australia. The purpose here is that the team will stop the unfistworthy English from settling Australia, allowing the Fist Team to guide Australia to a fistworthy future.
After a long preparation, in which Mephisto builds a highly advanced catapult (which Steve criticises for being based on something too old). They and some modern day aboriginals use all their weapons to attack Cook, whose ships are fitted with futuristic laser cannons. Steve sends Womp into the future with the TimeSaw to collect some future weapons for them to even up the fight. However, Womp, to his horror, finds that the future Australia is a living nightmare in which Steve rules with an iron fist and punishes weakness by death, and in which street crime abounds but is tolerated because it is fistworthy. Womp also comes to see that he has been killed and that his Man of Fist photograph from the previous episode is being used as the personification of weakness. He is pursued by Steve's Fist Patrol for "being a Womp impersonator", but is saved by rebels. The rebels give Womp a rifle, and instruct him to kill Steve before he can "defeat King James in the Great Battle".
Meanwhile, Rod, who is a whimpering, cloaked mess without his hair, has followed Womp into the future. He steals the TimeSaw from Womp to go back to when he lost his hair fighting the rogue website; however, by saving his hair, he creates a paradox, whereby saving his hair negates the future Rod returning to save his hair. Eventually, a limousine appears, and a mystical Rod informs the real Rod that his power came not from the hair on his head, but from his pubic hair. Rod then returns to the future, and he and Womp return to 1770.
Back in 1770, Steve steals Cook's flag and prevents Australia from being discovered, but Cook simply begins the creation of a new one from undergarments. Soon enough, Cook tires of Steve's predatorial tactics, and challenges him to a face off (much to Steve's annoyance, he means Chess, albeit a futuristic 3D Chess with Cluedo weapons). Steve is beaten horribly in it, so resorts to violence again. Rod helps Steve gain the upper hand over the English, while Womp sets up his sniper rifle. In two minds about whether to help or protect Steve, Womp reluctantly takes aim at Steve, but averts his eyes and shoots Cook. Womp is awarded 'Man of Fist' for the second time in a row, and Steve finishes Cook by planting his own Fistworthy flag in the ground (through his neck).
Mephisto, when using his catapult, was transported back to prehistoric times, and remains there at the end of the episode.
Episode 16: The Great Battle.
Mephisto, having survived since prehistoric times without ageing, is released in the present to be crowned King James by the waiting medieval re-enactors, plus Ballistic Man (the guard from Ultimate Weapon) and some Imperial Stormtroopers. The rest of the team arrives in the Fist Mobile, and Steve smashes the TimeSaw with a lightsaber. Steve is infuriated at Mephisto's betrayal, and threatens to kill him right then and there, but is stopped when Mephisto suggests that he is too scared to fight his entire army.
Womp drugs Steve and attempts to smother him, but just can't do it. Meanwhile, Steve has a flashback: years ago, when Steve was just a boy forcing his younger brother Rod to do idiotic stunts, Rod came upon Steve's signature glasses in a sewer pipe. Steve quickly stole them, and claimed that he found them, and thus was taken in by the Mystical Monks, as seen in Ultimate Weapon. Rod arrives to discover Steve without his glasses and they correctly conclude that Womp stole them. Rod pursues Womp as he gives the glasses to Mephisto, giving him near God-like strength.
Steve is visited by the ghosts of Panda and the Mime, who tell him that they respect the fact that he killed them for what he believed in. To show their respect, they give Steve his own army, composed entirely of the many Fist Branches. Meanwhile, Rod is ecstatic to find Tara in vending machine form. He hotwires her and brings her back to life, resulting in him getting beaten up, then kissed. Tara realises that, by not relying upon tokens, Rod has given her freedom.
Mephisto instructs the re-enactors to use actual weapons and the titular Great Battle begins. Ballistic Man battles Rod and gains the upper hand, but Tara, realising that fighting is in her nature, returns to assist. After Mephisto severely beats Steve, he plans on crushing him with a massive prawn statue. For a brief moment, the statue appears as a Dolphin, and having filled his greatest desire, Ballistic Man disintegrates, however he has delivered the finishing blow to Tara. Rod laments, then accidentally presses the sidekick button on the vending machine and sets her free in the form of a loveable little girl, who is almost immediately killed while skipping through the battlefield (though like all deaths on the show, whether she is actually dead is unlikely).
It is then that Mephisto's plan is revealed: acting loyally upon Steve's orders from the very beginning of the series, he remained committed to killing the medieval re-enactors; however, his plan was do so by becoming their king, killing Steve to gain their trust, then after four years, poisoning them all on an island. Womp protests Steve's death, but is bullied into standing aside. Womp then sees Steve appear to say "I love you" and whacks Mephisto in the back and sends the glasses flying onto Steve's face. Mephisto is defeated and the Fist Team is victorious. Steve awards Rod the Full Fist for offering to kill all the re-enactors by himself when Steve's glasses were stolen, and Mephisto gains the Double Fist and the 'Man of Fist' for his amazing (if misguided) efforts and loyalty. Womp, however is shot in the head for being weak and being pushed around. The dystopian future is set exactly as Womp viewed it in the previous episode, and Steve, Rod and Mephisto fly into the sky.

</doc>
<doc id="19270277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270277" title="F21">
F21

F21 or F-21 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19270295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270295" title="Biyer Lagna">
Biyer Lagna

Biyer Lagna ( "") is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Bangladeshi F.I. Manik.
Plot.
The story begins with a lovestruck Firdaus — he desperately needed to lose a few kilos to look a dapper lover boy — landing up at Rachana’s door only to turn into a match-maker for her elder sister (Satabdi) and his elder brother (Tapas). Once Tapas and Satabdi tie the knot, Firdaus and Rachana spend their time singing around trees in Bengal and Bangladesh.Things go from bad to worse in the second half. Tragedy strikes Tapas-Satabdi’s haven as her in-laws think the new bride is evil personified, shattering the rosy dreams of the newlyweds as well as the lovebirds. Well, that’s reason enough for the sisters to start sobbing non-stop. When they need a break, they mouth pathetic dialogues.The brothers, meanwhile, drown their sorrows in vodka bottles at night, singing sad songs (Jodi na paro bhalobashte amay tobe morey jabo aami!). By day though, Firdaus is fighting fit to beat the baddies to pulp.And just when you thought it was curtain call time with an all’s-well-that-ends-well scene, there’s more melodrama and more tears in store.In true 70’s style, a pregnant Satabdi is then kidnapped by the villain’s men and tied to a revolving bed! More fights follow before the family gets together for the final photo op. Unfortunately, it comes two hours and 45 minutes too late.

</doc>
<doc id="19270308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270308" title="Chinatsu">
Chinatsu

Possible writings.
Chinatsu can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19270310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270310" title="Christophe Brunnquell">
Christophe Brunnquell

Christophe Brunnquell (born 1969) is a French art director, and artist.
Biography.
Brunnquell was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France, and started working as an art director for "Encore" magazine after graduating from high school. After being interviewed by Olivier Zahm and Elein Fleiss for Purple magazine, they hired Brunnquell as art director from Purple’s second issue in 1993. The popularity of Purple helped boosting his own career, and since then he has been working with art direction and design consultancy for, among others, Louis Vuitton, the Venice Biennale, Le Figaro’s fashion guide, Fabien Baron, Colette, Balenciaga, Céline, Cosmic Wonder, and Zucca.
In 2004 Brunnquell launched "Carnaval" magazine, a publication mainly displaying his own art work.
Brunnquell’s engagement in Purple has shifted through the years, and since the Summer 2007 issue the art direction is made by M/M Paris; though he seems to remain a part of the Purple crew – the Summer 2007 issue contained several of his monochrome paintings, and Brunnquell’s artist’s book "Années érotiques" was attached to the Spring/Summer 2008 issue. In an interview by Yasushi Fujimoto, Brunnquell explained his wish to work more or less full-time as an artist in the near future; and that his motifs are inspired by Japanese "Yōkai" (ghosts). The incorporation of typography in his paintings reveals his background as a graphic designer. 
In 2009 he collaborated with Italian agency Studio Blanco [http://www.studioblanco.it] for Carte Blanche, a capsule collection project designed for Sportmax (Max Mara Group).
Brunnquell’s atelier is located in Paris’ 18th arrondissement.

</doc>
<doc id="19270321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270321" title="Jürgen Warnatz">
Jürgen Warnatz

Jürgen Warnatz (born 31 May 1944 in Chemnitz, died 22 December 2007 in Neckarsteinach) was a German physicist. Between 1999 and 2004 he served as managing director of the Interdisciplinary Center for Scientific Computing (IWR) at Ruprecht Karls University of Heidelberg, Germany. From 2003 until his death he chaired the German Section of the Combustion Institute.
Academic Profile.
Jürgen Warnatz studied physics at Georg August University of Göttingen, Germany, and graduated in 1969. His diploma thesis was titled ""Untersuchungen über die Reaktion von Stickstoffatomen mit Propin"" (Studies of nitrogen atom reactions with propyne).
In 1971, he finished his doctorate of physical chemistry at Göttingen University under Heinz Georg Wagner, having written his doctorate thesis on ""Bestimmung der Geschwindigkeitskonstanten für Reaktionen von Fluoratomen in der Gasphase"" (Identification of velocity constants for fluorine atom reactions in the gas phase). Between 1973 and 1982 he had a scientific staff position at Darmstadt University of Technology (Germany), School of Physical Chemistry and Chemical Technology. In the meantime, he finished his post-doctoral lecturing qualification in 1978 on ""Berechnung der Flammengeschwindigkeit und der Struktur von laminaren Flammen"" (Calculation of flame velocity and structure of laminar flames). 
Between 1982 and 1986, in 1987 and 1988, Jürgen Warnatz was professor at Heidelberg University, Germany. In 1989 he was appointed to the chair of the combustion group at Stuttgart University. From 1994 onwards he was back at Heidelberg University, professor and head of the reactive flows working group. Between 1999 and 2004 Jürgen Warnatz served as managing director of the Interdisciplinary Center for Scientific Computing. In 1997 he received the honorary doctorate of Trondheim University, Norway. On September 11, 2003 he was elected chair of the German Section of the Combustion Institute and held the chair until his death.
Research.
Jürgen Warnatz’ general research approach was modeling and simulation of chemical reactive flows, particularly looking at molecular reactions involved and transport processes. The main research priorities of his working group were:

</doc>
<doc id="19270329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270329" title="Gogera">
Gogera

gogera was head of this region during the rebillion of 1857.it remained administrative head until the capital was shifted to (montgomery)now sahiwal district.lord Burkley,s grave is at gogera who was the commissoner of gogera and was killed during mutiny.
Gogera (), is a town and union council of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 30°58'4N 73°18'24E with an altitude of 166 metres (547 feet) and lies to the north-west and away from the district capital - Okara. 

</doc>
<doc id="19270335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270335" title="Séguier">
Séguier

Séguier is a French surname.

</doc>
<doc id="19270344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270344" title="Phera (2008 film)">
Phera (2008 film)

Phera ( "Retern") is a 2008 Bengali film Directed by Partha Sarathi Jowardar.

</doc>
<doc id="19270370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270370" title="Fricis Dambrēvics">
Fricis Dambrēvics

Fricis Dambrēvics (1906 – ?) was a Latvian football forward, a three-time champion of Latvia.
Biography.
His entire top level career Dambrēvics played with the strongest Liepāja football club of 1920s and 1930s – Olimpija Liepāja for which he was one of the leading goalscorers. Dambrēvics won three Latvian league titles (1927–1929) and became a three-time winner of the Riga Football Cup playing for Olimpija. From 1926 to 1928 Dambrēvics played 8 international matches for Latvia national football team scoring two goals. After retiring from playing Dambrēvics coached young footballers in Liepāja, he was the first coach of Harijs Feldmanis.

</doc>
<doc id="19270372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270372" title="TDDB">
TDDB

TDDB is an initialism that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19270375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270375" title="Studio Job">
Studio Job

Studio Job is a design studio based in Antwerp and Netherlands. Items designed by Studio Job have been shown in museums and galleries around the world, and have won many design awards. They are known for rebellious, scale less way of creating an own universe. The objects are often based on personal fascinations varying from unique pieces, editions, installations, interiors and assignments for public space. The way Studio Job is walking a tightrope between design and art gave the work an autonomous position in international design. More than ones Studio Job created a fresh discussion within on the existing norms of the contemporary field.
Designers.
The lead designers of Studio Job are Job Smeets and Nynke Tynagel, who met while attending the Design Academy Eindhoven. Studio Job was formed by Smeets after he graduated in 1998; Tynagel joined him upon her graduation in 2000. Studio Job also employs a team of young designers to assist Smeets and Tynagel.
Cooperations.
Companies that cooperate with Studio Job include eg. Bisazza, Bulgari, Firmship, Lensvelt, L'Oréal, Maharam, Moooi, Nodus, Rizzoli, Royal Tichelaar Makkum, Swarovski, t.e., Val Saint Lambert, Venini.

</doc>
<doc id="19270386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270386" title="Stan Neale">
Stan Neale

Stanley Walter "Stan" Neale was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League. He studied law at the University of Melbourne before enlisting in the army for World War I. Awarded the Military Cross for bravery, he was killed by a shell in France in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="19270394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270394" title="Vickie Gest">
Vickie Gest

Vickie Gest is an accomplished and respected documentary and drama producer from Brisbane (Queensland, Australia). With more than 14 years experience in the Australian film and television industry, Gest has worked in every production department. Her experience spans documentaries, feature films, commercials, music videos and short films.
Professional career.
Gest studied at the Queensland School of Film and Television, graduating with a Diploma in Film and Television in 1997. Since then, Gest's short films and documentaries have screened at various film festivals, both locally and internationally, and on television in Australia on ABC1 and SBS. Gest currently works as an independent producer and is the co-managing director of VizPoets.

</doc>
<doc id="19270398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270398" title="Remote Process Execution">
Remote Process Execution

rexec has the same kind of functionality that rsh has : you can execute shell commands on a remote computer. 
The main difference is that rexecd authenticates by reading the username and password (unencrypted) from the socket.
Limitations.
Same as rsh: sends unencrypted information over the network. Even worse, because the password is sent.
Port number.
rexec uses well-known port TCP 512.

</doc>
<doc id="19270406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270406" title="Eti">
Eti

Eti ( "") (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Sambit Nag.
Plot.
Eti is more like a routine love story where a bunch of college-goers get together, play pranks and make merry but are caught unawares — or rather with their pants down — by the subsequent twists and turns. By the end of it, Eti becomes a complex story too simply told. At the centre of all the action is Gourab, who plays the super cool Sanjoy in love with Shreya (Roopali). The couple, along with two other couples and a still-single friend, plan a holiday in Darjeeling. The gang of friends (which boasts familiar faces from TV and theatre) is meant to have a blast on the road but the foolish gags and lukewarm dialogues slacken the pace. Gourab and Shreya get cosy and make the mistake of recording their intimate moments on a handycam. The sequence is candidly filmed with Gourab caressing Roopali’s bare back as they make love on satin sheets. But the director does desist from turning the film into a sleaze fest.What had started off as a teen romance changes track post-interval. Things take an ugly turn when the teenagers get sucked into a porn racket. A giggling, squealing Roopali takes time to get under the skin of her character. Gourab does better as a mischievous fun-loving youth, except for the times when he bursts into tears as things go awry. Of the rest, Bhaswar tries to be the friend-philosopher-guide to his pals; his bright and chirpy lady love Sweta livens up things a bit. Swaralipi fits in as a silly romantic, while Dhruv, the guy without a girlfriend, is hardly funny.But the wafer-thin plot struggling to hold the chain of sensational events takes a toll on the film. The pedestrian treatment does not help matters. Digitally shot, Eti has the feel of a home video with shoddy editing and jerky camera movements.
Music.
Som Dasgupta -Founder Member Hip Pocket
External links.
www.pixelinternationalfilms.com

</doc>
<doc id="19270438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270438" title="Tokushima Arts Foundation for Culture">
Tokushima Arts Foundation for Culture

The Tokushima Arts Foundation for Culture（徳島県郷土文化会館） is a multi-purpose cultural facility found in the Aiba-cho district in Tokushima City, Tokushima Prefecture. It sits on the grounds of the Aibahama Park and runs alongside the Shinmachi River. 

</doc>
<doc id="19270439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270439" title="Alick Ogilvie">
Alick Ogilvie

Thomas Alexander "Alick" Ogilvie (7 January 1887 – 18 August 1915) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
He played for Victoria in the 1908 Melbourne Carnival.
He later served in World War I and was severely injured in Gallipoli, later dying of his injuries in Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="19270463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270463" title="Egyptian Athletic Federation">
Egyptian Athletic Federation

The Egyptian Athletic Federation is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Egypt. It is a member of the Confederation of African Athletics and the International Association of Athletics Federations. 
The Federation was founded in 1910 and currently based at the Sport Federations Building, Nasr City, Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="19270467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270467" title="Rowland Smith">
Rowland Smith

Rowland Smith (6 December 1826 - 24 February 1901) was an English Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1874.
Life and career.
Smith was the son of Samuel George Smith, of Goldings, Hertfordshire and his wife Eugenia Chatfield. 
At the 1868 general election, Smith was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for South Derbyshire and he held the seat until his defeat at the 1874 general election. He was resident at Duffield Hall. Smith was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1877 a Deputy Lieutenant and J.P.. 
Smith married Constance Henrietta Sophia Louisa, daughter of Lord Granville Somerset MP on 20 August 1857. His brothers were also members of parliament. Samuel George Smith represented Aylesbury and Frederick Chatfield Smith represented North Nottinghamshire. He died in Belper aged 74.

</doc>
<doc id="19270490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270490" title="Zira Khel">
Zira Khel

Zira Khel is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. It is located at 33°14'0N 70°15'16E with an altitude of 842 metres (2765 feet) and lies close to the border with Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19270495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270495" title="Valencian Left (1934)">
Valencian Left (1934)

Valencian Left () was a 
nationalist Valencian leftist political party founded in July 1934, that advocated self-determination of the Valencian Community. The party was suppressed during the Francoist dictatorship and was not revived when democracy returned to Spain in the late 1970s.
The party had its origins in a split in Partit d'Unió Republicana Autonomista (Republican Autonomous Union Party), over disagreements on political strategy. The new organization promoted the idea of one confederation of Catalan speaking regions, which resulted in moves towards a merger with Esquerra Republicana del País Valencià (Republican Left of the Valencian Country), which were initially proposed by Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya (Republican Left of Catalonia) in 1933 in Castellón. The merger eventually took place in 1935 under the direction of personalities like Gaietà Huguet (ERPV ex-militant), Vicent Marco Miranda (ex-mayor of València), Josep Benedito, Miquel Duran de València and Manuel Sanchis-Guarner. 
Between 1935 and 1939, when the party was banned, eventually vanishing, it is difficult to distinguish between the history of ERPV and EV. After obtaining the election of Vicent Marco in 1936 in Valencia as part of the Frente Popular (People's Front) list, ERC and EV formed a joint parliamentary group in the Spanish Congress under the name of "Esquerra Catalana" (Catalan Left). However, the Spanish Civil War halted various political projects in which EV had participated, the most important of which was a proposal for a Valencian statute of autonomy, under the official name of "País Valencià" "Valencian Community". During the Civil war, EV's membership peaked at around 10,000 members in 1937..
Notes.
This page incorporates text from the Valencian Left article.

</doc>
<doc id="19270502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270502" title="Wrightwood Mountain Music Festival">
Wrightwood Mountain Music Festival

The Wrightwood Music Festival is an annual music festival with performances held over the Labor Day Weekend in Wrightwood, CA at Vivian Null Park.
History.
The festival was founded in 2005 with the intention of giving the people of Wrightwood a summer music event in the evenings and to provide free quality entertainment in a unique and beautiful mountain setting. It also provides an opportunity to showcase new styles of music not usually seen in the regular venues around town. The festival features local, regional, and national acts performing on its Main Stage and Singer-Songwriter stages. In addition to two days of non-stop music, the festival has local crafts and food vendors on site.
2008 Performers.
Headliners for each date are listed in bold
Saturday, August 30.
Main Stage
Singer-Songwriter Stage
Sunday, August 31.
Main Stage
Singer-Songwriter Stage

</doc>
<doc id="19270518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270518" title="Bukit Batok Nature Park">
Bukit Batok Nature Park

Bukit Batok Nature Park is a 36 ha park in Singapore. It is situated at Bukit Batok East Ave 2, Bukit Batok East Ave 6, Lorong Sesuai.
History.
During World War II, Lorong Sesuai site was selected by the Japanese as a memorial for the soldiers who died. The two pillars and 120 concrete steps leading to a transmission tower are the only remains. The significance and meaning of the location is conveyed to visitors via a memorial plaque that lies at the foot of the stairs. The park was later developed on an abandoned quarry site in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19270520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270520" title="Percy Rodriguez (footballer)">
Percy Rodriguez (footballer)

John Filomeno "Percy" Rodriguez (5 January 1893 – 20 March 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Born in Broome, Western Australia, to Filipino emigrant parents, he was later killed in France during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="19270537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270537" title="Kwai Tsing District FA">
Kwai Tsing District FA

Kwai Tsing District Football Association Ltd (traditional Chinese: 葵青區足球會) is a football team based in Kwai Tsing District of Hong Kong. It is now competing in Hong Kong Second Division League. 
The team's home games are played at Kwai Chung Sports Ground and Tsing Yi Sports Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="19270553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270553" title="Hede, Sweden">
Hede, Sweden

Hede is a locality situated in Härjedalen Municipality, Jämtland County, Sweden with 741 inhabitants in 2010. It contains the Hede parish of the Diocese of Härnösand.

</doc>
<doc id="19270561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270561" title="F25">
F25

F25 or F.25 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19270575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270575" title="Mary Salome and Zebedee">
Mary Salome and Zebedee

Mary Salome and Zebedee by Tilman Riemenschneider (c.1460-1531) originally formed the right wing of an altarpiece showing the family of the Virgin Mary. The central scene would have shown St Anne seated with her daughter Mary and the Christ Child. Mary Salome was another daughter of St Anne, half sister of the Virgin and wife of Zebedee. Tilman Riemenschnieder was one of the most important sculptors in southern Germany in the late fifteenth and sixteenth century. He specialised is carving limewood altarpieces, some of which were painted. Others, such as this example which was carved in Würzburg in about 1501-5, were give translucent glaze. This treatment not only allowed the rich colour of the wood to show through, but rendered the fine carving of the faces and drapery more visible.
Mary Salome is seated on a cushioned throne, turning her body to the left. In her right hand she holds an open book on which her hand is resting. She is dressed in a waisted gown over which is draped a mantle falling from her left shoulder. The half-length figure of Zebedee stands behind her, resting on his left elbow, and holding a closed book in his right hand; he is expressively depicted as an elderly man with sunken cheeks, his gaze is fixed on the observer. He is dressed in a buttoned robe. 

</doc>
<doc id="19270580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270580" title="Sedin Dujone">
Sedin Dujone

Sedin Dujone () is a 2008 Bengali film Directed by debutant director Atanu Basu and released in 2008 featuring by Amitava Bhattacharya and Kasturi. The film is almost directly from Priyadarshan directed "Kyon Ki" released in 2005, which was not an original storyline either. It was a variation on the famous Suchitra Sen-film "Deep Jele Jai". This was later made into Hindi as "Khamoshi", produced by Hemant Kumar and starring Waheeda Rehman. But like most of his peers, Bose does not credit his source. The seven-song track is mind-blowing, each song a beauty in terms of lyrics and its melodious character. Amitabha reveals a lot of potential with his freshness, sans stylisation and mannerisms. One star for the songs and another for Amitabha. But good music alone cannot save a badly made film.
Plot.
The focus is on hero Raj (Amitabh Bhattacharya) and not so much on the two heroines Kasturi and Kanchana Moitra. Raj is a famous singer when the film opens. He falls in love with Maria, a Catholic nun-to-be and the two are engaged. Just before they tie the knot, Raj's friend Suman steps in stealthily with the intention of raping her. Kasturi jumps to her death and Raj loses his sanity.
The post-interval phase of the mental care home begins the second part of the story where the home's dictatorial proprietor's daughter Sanchita cures Raj. They fall in love and the two could have walked into the sunset with a good end to the film. But the director had other plans and his debut goes almost the "Kyon Ki" way.

</doc>
<doc id="19270593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270593" title="I Can Jump Puddles">
I Can Jump Puddles

I Can Jump Puddles is a 1981 Australian television mini-series based on the 1955 autobiographical series of the same name by author Alan Marshall. Adapted for television by screenwriters Cliff Green and Roger Simpson, the series starred Lewis Fitz-Gerald, Adam Garnett, Tony Barry, Julie Hamilton, Ann Henderson, Lesley Baker, Olivia Brown, Debra Lawrance and Darren MacDonald.
Several prominent television actors also had supporting roles including Lisa Aldenhoven ("The Young Doctors"), Kaarin Fairfax ("Bed of Roses"), Maurie Fields ("Skyways"), Terry Gill ("Bluey"), Reg Gorman ("Fergus McPhail"), Matthew King ("Dogstar"), Julie Nihill ("Blue Heelers"), Maureen Edwards and Dennis Miller ("A Country Practice") and Jason Donovan and Cliff Ellen ("Neighbours").
A large part of supporting and minor roles also featured cameo appearances by cast members of "Prisoner" such as Esme Melville ("Beryl Hudson"), Peter Curtin ("Ian Mahoney"), Ian Smith ("Ted Douglas"), Christine Amor ("Jean Vernon"), Fiona Spence ("Vera Bennett"), Edward Hepple ("Sid Humphrey"), Sigrid Thornton ("Roslyn Coulson"), Leila Hayes ("Jeannie Baxter"), Sandy Gore ("Kay White"), Mary Ward ("Mum Brooks"), Anne Phelan ("Myra Desmond"). Future cast members included Billie Hammerberg ("May Collins") and Pepe Trevor ("Lexie Patterson").
Plot.
Based on Alan Marshall's three-part autobiography "I Can Jump Puddles" (1955), "This is the Grass" (1962) and "In Mine Own Heart" (1963), the film tells of Marshall's childhood growing up in rural Victoria during the turn of the century. Contracting polio soon after attending school, the story retells the obstacles he faced as a child in trying to overcome his disability. As an adult, he later encounters prejudice from his debilitating disease while looking for work in Melbourne.
Reception.
The series was first aired on 7 June 1981 and ran for nine episodes. It was shown again two years later before being released on dvd by Roadshow Home Entertainment in August 2005.
Awards.
Adam Garnett, who played the 11-year-old Alan Marshall, won a Logie Award for Best Performance by a Juvenile in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19270594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270594" title="W C Dons">
W C Dons

W C Dons was a nightclub in Jackson, Mississippi that originally opened in the spring of 1983 and remained open until the mid-nineties. The club re-opened in 2004 on State Street in Jackson and subsequently closed again in 2007. "Dons," as it was known locally, was the third venue in Mississippi to highlight college "Alternative" live music and bands following the openings and closings, sequentially, of The Pyramid Club, then Skidmarks, all in Jackson. Rolling Stone magazine named it as one of its top ten Dive bars in America.
W - We
C - Couldn't
D - Decide
O - On a
N - Name
First Location 1983-199?
Through the 1980s, Don's owner Terry Butler was the one promoter who always wanted to have a club and bring in rock bands no matter what. He was always very supportive of the scene and would pretty much give anyone an opportunity to do anything that might be remotely entertaining. W.C. Don’s was a little bar/club located in a double-wide trailer off of West Street in a seedy part of Jackson. It was small, cramped, hot, and dark, but it was one the only place of its kind in the 1980s that offered alternative and new wave music genres in Jackson. Though it was one of the “top ten dives” in the US as reported by Rolling Stone, major groups played there in the 1980s and early 1990s including Let's Active, Red on Green, The Lyres, Flipper, REM, Widespread Panic, Dash Rip Rock, the Flaming Lips, Ian Hunter with Mick Ronson and Galactic. Local & regional bands that were favorites included Radio London (aka “The Big Picture”), Will & the Bushmen, Jett Screamer, The Rock Project, Used Goods, Beat Temptation & The Windbreakers.
Second Location 2004-2007
In 2004 Terry Butler re-opened W.C. Don's on State Street in Jackson next to Martin's. In the tradition of the original Don's local bands often played the new location. The new location also included touring bands in a variety of genres particularly indie, punk, and garage rock. 

</doc>
<doc id="19270621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270621" title="Crime in Singapore">
Crime in Singapore

The crime rate in Singapore is one of the lowest in the world. There are reports of petty crime such as pickpocketing and street theft which occurs at airports, tourist destinations, hotels and on public transport. Incidents of violent crime are rare in Singapore. There is an increase in credit card fraud in the nation. Mobile phones have in the past been the main target for robbers and snatch thieves. But according to the Singapore Police Force (SPF), mobile phone related crimes have decreased because of public education and stricter law enforcement.
Due to aggressive law enforcement efforts, drug abuse is limited in the country. However, as a transportation and financial services hub, Singapore is vulnerable, despite strict laws and enforcement, as a venue for money laundering. According to the 2007 Global Economic Crime Survey by the PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), approximately 19% of the companies in Singapore have been victims of economic crime over the past two years which was an increase from 16% in 2005. Among the different types of economic crime, there was an increase in IP infringement, money laundering and corruption and bribery.
Threat of terrorist attack is a matter of concern. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) of the Government of Australia advised travelers to "exercise caution" because of the high threat of terrorist attack. Terrorists can target Western interests in the country. Potential targets of a terrorist attack include commercial and public areas frequented by foreign citizens such as hotels, restaurants, clubs, bars, schools, markets, places of worship, outdoor recreation events and tourist areas. DFAT further reported that terrorist groups can also target the premises and symbols associated with the Government of Singapore. According to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO), "Attacks could be indiscriminate, including in places frequented by expatriates and foreign travellers".
According to available crime statistics, theft and robbery decreased in the first half of 2006. There was an increase in rape during this time, but it was negligible. During the first half of 2007, motor vehicle theft increased by 25 percent. The Regional Security Officer (RSO) recorded that the total cases of criminal homicides at the end of 2007 was approximately eight. All murder cases during this period have been solved. 
Overall crime in the first half of 2008 increased by 1% compared to the total number of crimes registered during the same period in 2007. The Singapore Police Force identified three key crimes in the first half of 2008: phone scams, crimes against the elderly and theft from vehicles. In the Corruption Perceptions Index 2010, Singapore was ranked 1st out of 178 countries for corruption (least corrupt countries are at the top of the list). On a scale of 0 to 10, with 0 being the most corrupt and 10 the most transparent, Transparency International rated Singapore 9.3.

</doc>
<doc id="19270628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270628" title="Adem Ljajić">
Adem Ljajić

Adem Ljajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Адем Љајић, ; born 29 September 1991) is a Serbian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or forward for Italian club Roma and the Serbia national football team.
Ljajić was set to join England's Manchester United from Partizan in January 2010, but they withdrew their option to sign him in December 2009. Instead, he joined Fiorentina for a reported fee of around €8 million in January 2010. In August 2013, after three years in Florence, Ljajić joined Roma for a fee of €11 million, signing a four-year contract.
Club career.
Partizan.
Born in Novi Pazar, Serbia, then SFR Yugoslavia, to Bosniak parents, Ljajić joined Partizan as a 14-year-old in 2005, signing from a Serbian lower tier club Jošanica. Ljajić was the first player to wear the number 22 for Partizan after Saša Ilić transferred out to Galatasaray in 2005. He made an appearance for Partizan in the first leg of the second qualifying round of the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League on 29 July 2008, entering the match as a second-half substitute. He made a second substitute appearance in the second leg and another substitute appearance in the second leg of the third qualifying round. He scored his first competitive goal for Partizan on 23 November 2008 in a league match against OFK Beograd.
Proposed move to Manchester United.
In October 2008, Manchester United had given Ljajić a trial, although no information was given about the length of the trial initially. The following day, Partizan general secretary Darko Grubor said, "It is not true that Ljajić went to England without permission. We have been in contact with Manchester United for some time now and Ljajić was with the international team in Britain, participating in the UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualifying round, at this moment so it was handy for him to go on trial now."
On 2 January 2009, Manchester United announced the signings of both Ljajić and his Partizan team-mate, Zoran Tošić. Tošić would join the club immediately, while Ljajić would remain at Partizan for the remainder of 2009, joining United in January 2010. Despite being unable to officially join the club until January 2010, Ljajić made regular trips to Manchester throughout 2009 to train with the United first team, and so that the club's coaches could monitor his progress. However, United decided not to take up their option to sign Ljajić due to issues surrounding the club's application for a work permit. Following the collapse of the transfer, Partizan manager Goran Stevanović claimed that the situation had put Ljajić into "psychological shock", but that the player was "handling the situation well". Partizan's Director of Football Ivan Tomić stated "I think that they will regret this decision in future."
Fiorentina.
On 13 January 2010, Italian club Fiorentina announced the signing of Ljajić. After passing a medical, Ljajić signed a five-year contract, with Partizan receiving a reported fee of €8 million for the player. Ljajić made his debut in Fiorentina's 2–2 draw away to Cagliari on 31 January 2010, coming on as an 82nd-minute substitute for Manuel Pasqual. However, his first half-season at the club under head coach Cesare Prandelli was spent settling into the new surroundings.
The arrival of Ljajić's compatriot Siniša Mihajlović as head coach saw increased first-team opportunities for Ljajić. He scored his first "Viola" goal from the penalty spot against Lazio on 18 September 2010, which Fiorentina lost 1–2.
On 2 May 2012, Ljajić was substituted in a match against Novara. His reaction to this substitution was to sarcastically applaud the manager Delio Rossi, who grabbed and attempted to punch Ljajić. Fiorentina announced after the match that Rossi had been dismissed as manager, and they would take proportionate measures against Ljajić. Ljajić's team-mate Valon Behrami, who was on the bench at the time of the incident, said no one, including him, had heard Ljajić insult Rossi, which disproved the manager's claims that Ljajić insulted his family. Behrami added Rossi should be ashamed for his actions, as well as lying to the media.
Ljajić scored a brace as "La Viola" thrashed Internazionale 4–1 on 17 February 2013.
Roma.
With the departure of Erik Lamela to Tottenham Hotspur for around €30 million in August 2013, Ljajić was sought by Roma as a replacement. The signing was completed on 28 August 2013 for a fee of €11 million, potentially rising to €15 million depending on the club's success, with Ljajić signing a four-year contract. He scored his first goal for Roma against Hellas Verona on his debut. He scored again in Derby della Capitale, Roma won the game 2-0.
International career.
Ljajić made his international debut for the Serbia under-21 squad in a European Championship qualification match against Hungary on 7 September 2008. On 26 October 2010, it was announced by Serbia coach Vladimir Petrović that Ljajić would receive his first senior call-up against Bulgaria in a friendly match on 17 November 2010.
Ljajić had been already part of the Serbian under-17 and under-19 teams since 2007. He is still eligible for the under-21 side but most likely will not be called up as this conflicts with his senior side duty.
Ljajić was removed from his country's squad by coach Siniša Mihajlović after refusing to sing the national anthem in a 2–0 friendly loss against Spain on 28 May 2012 due to personal reasons. Ljajić previously signed a code of conduct established by Mihajlović that includes, among other things, to sing the Serbian national anthem, "Bože pravde" ("God of Justice"). Mihajlović said:
Ljajić confirmed Mihajlović's statement, also claiming that he loves Serbia and that he has a will to play for its national team, but added that he must respect himself, inferring that he was not going to play under Mihajlović any longer.
On 17 February 2014 the new head coach of Serbian national team, Ljubinko Drulović, made a statement and said that he would not be requiring from players to sing the national anthem but to give their all for their country on the field and therefore confirmed that Ljajić will make a return to the national team in a match against Republic of Ireland which will be played on 5 March.

</doc>
<doc id="19270641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270641" title="Kenneth Spence">
Kenneth Spence

Kenneth Wartenbe Spence (May 6, 1907 – January 12, 1967) was a prominent American psychologist whose theoretical work on learning and motivation complemented the efforts by Clark L. Hull to develop quantitative theories of behavior and came to be known as neo-behaviorism. Spence's analysis of discrimination learning (1936, 1937) in terms of gradients of excitation and inhibition provided was one of the first to show that mathematical deductions from a quantitative theory could generate interesting and empirically testable predictions (Wagner, 2008).
Spence was a professor at University of Iowa and then at the University of Texas.
Spence did his doctoral work at Yale, where his research was directed by Robert Yerkes, not by Clark Hull, although Spence contributed a great deal to Hull's theory. Indeed, their approach was often referred to as the Hull-Spence theory. His major contributions were his theory of discrimination learning, which is still current, his interpretation of inhibition, and his emphasis on incentive motivation rather than biological drive.

</doc>
<doc id="19270644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270644" title="Clathrus archeri">
Clathrus archeri

Clathrus archeri (synonyms "Lysurus archeri", "Anthurus archeri", "Pseudocolus archeri"), commonly known as Octopus Stinkhorn, is indigenous to Australia and Tasmania and an introduced species in Europe, North America and Asia. The young fungus erupts from a suberumpent egg by forming into four to seven elongated slender arms initially erect and attached at the top. The arms then unfold to reveal a pinkish-red interior covered with a dark-olive spore-containing gleba. In maturity it smells of putrid flesh. Recently, "C. archeri" var. "alba" with white tentacles or arms has been reported from the shola forests in the Western Ghats, Kerala, India.
Habitat.
It is found gregarious to clustered in moist, shaded meadows and deciduous or mixed forests during July to September.
Dissemination.
The pinkish-red color and fetid odour of the ripe fungus is thought to resemble decaying flesh and thereby attracting flies which unwittingly spread the gleba and thus the species.
Edibility.
The Octopus Stinkhorn is edible, but its taste is extremely foul. The eggs of this fungus taste and smell like radish and are the only edible stage.
It should only be eaten in a wilderness survival circumstance when no other food is available. In other cases, it is considered inedible.

</doc>
<doc id="19270663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270663" title="Brian Fleming">
Brian Fleming

Brian Fleming (born 20 July 1946) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served both as a Teachta Dála (TD) and as a Senator.
Fleming was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fine Gael TD for the Dublin West constituency at the 1981 general election, and held the seat at the February 1982 general election. He lost his seat at the November 1982 general election and was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1987 general election.
From 1983 to 1987, he served as a member of Seanad Éireann, elected on the Cultural and Educational Panel.

</doc>
<doc id="19270670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270670" title="F26">
F26

F26 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19270688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270688" title="Jardin botanique de la Ville de Nice">
Jardin botanique de la Ville de Nice

The Jardin botanique de la Ville de Nice (3.5 hectares), also known as the Jardin botanique de Nice, is a municipal botanical garden located at 78 avenue de la Corniche Fleurie, Nice, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France. It is open daily without charge.
History.
The garden was begun in 1983 with an initial planting of 100 species from the city's Musée d'Histoire Naturelle (Museum of Natural History). It opened to the public in 1991.
Contents.
Today the garden contains more than 3500 plant species, mainly Mediterranean, including collections of trees (300 taxa), herbaceous plants (800 taxa), medicinal plants (150 spp.), Cistaceae, Rhamnaceae, Lamiaceae, Genista, Acacia, Salvia, Phlomis, Rosa, Dianthus, Yucca, Iris, Pelargonium, Opuntia, Stipa, Teucrium, Astragalus, and Cistus. It is organized into areas representing zones of Mediterranean climate from around the world, including South Africa, South Australia, Mexico, Greece, Spain, Cyprus, the Near East, and the Canary Islands, as well as Central Asia, China, and Japan.
Of particular note are its collections of agaves, Cupressaceae, and sages. Protected plants include "Allium chamaemoly", "Allium trifoliatum", "Ampelodesmos mauritanicus", "Anagallis tenella", "Anemone coronaria", "Carex grioletii", "Centaurea pseudocaerulescens", "Ceratonia siliqua", "Chamaerops humilis", "Cneorum tricoccon", "Coronilla valentina", "Cyrtomium fortunei", "Drimia maritima", "Heteropogon contortum", "Lavatera maritima", "Leucojum nicaeense", "Limonium cordatum", "Lotus tetragonolobus", "Ophrys bertolonii", "Papaver pinnatifidum", "Picris altissima", "Polystichum setiferum", "Posidonia oceanica", "Pteris cretica", "Romulea columnae", "Scilla hyacinthoides", "Stipa capensis", "Symphytum bulbosum", "Tulipa clusiana", and "Vitex agnus-castus".
The garden also contains a herbarium of some 6,000 species, with particular strength in phanerogams of the Mediterranean region and other Mediterranean climates, including Salvia, Phlomis, Astragalus, Cistaceae, and species cultivated in the garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19270719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270719" title="List of lighthouses in Malaysia">
List of lighthouses in Malaysia

Malaysia is a country largely surrounded by large bodies of water, most notably by the Strait of Malacca and the South China Sea that have been used extensive for international shipping since the 15th century. Numerous lighthouses were erected during present-day Malaysia's rule by the Portuguese Empire, the Dutch East India Company and the British Empire (which oversaw the greatest number of new lighthouses built), and, later, the government of Malaysia, to provide navigation in and out of ports or through dangerous seas. Many of these lighthouses are situated on small islands and headlands.
The following lists lighthouses situated within the borders of Malaysia.
Peninsular Malaysia.
East coast.
Lighthouses situated on the east coast of Peninsular Malaysia are frequently used for navigation at the South China Sea, as well as beacons into minor ports along the coast.
West coast.
The west coast of Peninsular Malaysia, which faces the Strait of Malacca, contains a large concentration of lighthouses aimed at navigation through the narrow strait, as well as serving to direct ships into major ports such as Port Klang, Malacca and Penang. Lighthouses in Johor are also used to guide ships into Singaporean waters, from which Singaporean counterparts provide navigation past the island or into the Port of Singapore. Most of the west coast lighthouses, as is Singapore's, are referred to as "The Straits Settlement Lighthouses", named after the former British-ruled territories that encompassed Singapore, Penang, Malacca and Dinding.
Sabah.
Sabah, a Malaysian state in the island of Borneo, faces the South China Sea to the northwest, and the Sulu Sea to the northeast. The lighthouses are primarily used to navigate ships into smaller harbours such as Labuan and Tawau.
Sarawak.
Sarawak, also a Borneon state in Malaysia, operates lighthouses facing the South China Sea, which are all situated on headlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19270724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270724" title="Luke Williams">
Luke Williams

Luke Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19270727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270727" title="Cyril Seelenmeyer">
Cyril Seelenmeyer

Cyril Robert Seelenmeyer (29 April 1892 – 8 August 1918) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League. For saving pack animals (which were crucial supplies) during World War I, he was awarded the Military Cross. He was killed in action in France in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="19270753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270753" title="Kenya School of Law">
Kenya School of Law

The Kenya School of Law (KSL) is the only bar school in Kenya. After their completion of an Undergraduate Degrees in Law from a recognized university, students attend the Kenya School of Law to be prepared for admission to the Kenyan Bar.
The Kenya School of Law was established as a law vocational training school in 1963. However, the establishment of Faculties of Law in East African universities led to a need to change the training offered at the Kenya School of Law. The Kenya School of Law was re-established as in 1995 to provide the Advocates Training Program which focused on the preparation of young lawyers for entry into the legal profession.
In 2005, a ministerial task force on the Development of a Policy and Legal Framework for Legal Education in Kenya expanded the mandate of the Kenya School of Law to include the following:
The Council of Legal Education Act is the basis of legal training in Kenya.
KSL Thola Glass F.C..
The Kenya School of Law sponsors Kenya School of Law Thola Glass Football Club, commonly known as KSL Thola Glass or simply Thola Glass or Thola, which competes in FKF Division One, the second tier in the Kenyan football league system.

</doc>
<doc id="19270754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270754" title="Bernard Markey">
Bernard Markey

Bernard Markey (7 November 1935 – 23 July 2003) was an Irish Fine Gael politician who served both as a Teachta Dála (TD) and as a Senator. Markey was first elected to Seanad Éireann on the Labour Panel in 1973 and was re-elected to the Seanad in 1977. He was elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1981 general election for the Louth constituency, and held the seat at the February 1982 general election. He lost his seat at the November 1982 general election and was also an unsuccessful candidate at the 1989 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19270767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270767" title="Birmingham Steel Corporation">
Birmingham Steel Corporation

Birmingham Steel Corporation was a steel producer in the United States, which made steel mechant and rebar products. The company was formed in 1983 by AEA Investors, Inc. and managed by CEO James Todd. It bought steel mini-mills in Kankakee, Illinois and the mills previously run by Todd at Birmingham Bolt. They then bought the Jackson, Mississippi based Mississippi Steel Division of Magna Corp. The company went public on NYSE in 1985.
In June 2002, after several consecutive quarters of losses, the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Its remaining steel mills and other assets were purchased by Nucor in December 2002 for approximately $615,000,000. 

</doc>
<doc id="19270772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270772" title="Bajimaat">
Bajimaat

Bajimaat () is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty.
Plot.
Suvra (Soham Chakraborty) is a lower middle class young boy, who dreams of becoming a big singer. His girlfriend Jhilik( Subhasree Ganguly) also dreams of becoming a singer. Suvra and Jhilik are both trapped by a company of a reality show organisation. Suvra loses a lac of rupees, which is actually his college admission fee for computer engineering. But his father cannot bear this shock and suffers from a massive heart attack. To save his family, Suvra gives up his dream and starts working in a TV Channel. The CEO of this TV channel, Sanjay Sen is a good man and he supports Suvra. On the other hand, Jhilik is also exploited by Rohit, son of the reality show organiser. Rohit separates Suvra and Jhilik. But ultimately, with the sponsorship of Sanjay Sen and the sacrifice of Jhilik, Suvra becomes the Singer of Bengal. Suvra and Jhilik are re-united as lovers.

</doc>
<doc id="19270774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270774" title="Mal Williams">
Mal Williams

Mal Williams was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League. Abandoning his football career to take up a position as a surgeon at Bendigo Base Hospital, he enlisted during World War I. He was killed while tending to wounded soldiers in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="19270792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270792" title="Chisato Morishita">
Chisato Morishita


</doc>
<doc id="19270794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270794" title="Magna Corporation">
Magna Corporation

Magna Corporation was a publicly held company in Flowood, Mississippi, U.S.A. that served as a holding company. Its primary divisions were Mississippi Steel and Magna American. Mississippi Steel was Mississippi's first steel manufacturer beginning operations in 1957. Magna American built garden tillers and other items, as well as manufacturing the Amphicat in Raymond, Mississippi.
In 1984 the company's President, Wesley A. Caldwell, Jr., resigned.
In 1985, the steel division was sold to Birmingham Steel Corporation for approximately 28 million dollars. Magna's controlling stockholders, the Caldwell family of Jackson, Mississippi, took the company private by distributing half the sale proceeds to the stockholders. The Magna American plant was mothballed, then donated to Hinds Community College in 1992. 
In 1985, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission sued former company president Wesley A. Caldwell, Jr., of Brandon, Mississippi, claiming that he had received benefits from the company "without review and approval" and violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="19270829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270829" title="Silvina Bullrich">
Silvina Bullrich

Silvina Bullrich (October 4, 1915 – July 2, 1990) was a best-selling Argentine novelist, as well as a translator, screenwriter, critic, and academic. She was known in Argentina as "la gran burguesa" ("the great bourgeois lady").
Life and work.
Silvina Bullrich was born to María Laura Meyrelles de Bullrich and to Rafael Bullrich (1877–1944), a distinguished Argentine cardiologist and Dean of the School of Medicine of the University of Buenos Aires. The second of three sisters, she was raised in a privileged background; despite the conservative Dr. Bullrich's disapproval, her mother occupied her free time introducing her daughters to classic literature and, unhappily married, frequently traveled with them to Paris, where Silvina's paternal grandfather had been a diplomat. She was unable to pursue a university diploma, but received a diploma in French language studies from the Buenos Aires Alliance Française.
She married Arturo Palenque in 1936 and had one son. Devoting herself to writing, she contributed literary reviews to "La Nación" (then Argentina's most-widely circulated daily) and in 1939, had a collection of poems ("Vibraciones") and "Calles de Buenos Aires" ("Streets of Buenos Aires") published in "Atlántida" magazine. Befriending renowned writers Adolfo Bioy Casares and Jorge Luis Borges, in 1945 she collaborated with the latter in a collection of prose titled "Los compadritos" ("The Poseurs"). These early years in Bullrich's career were accompanied by a difficult phase in her life. Her husband, a lawyer aligned with Argentina's influential conservative Catholics, was not a good provider and this, coupled with his disapproval of his wife's work, led to their divorce in 1946. Bullrich also lost her father, elder sister and paternal grandmother during this interim, the latter two of whom she was particularly close with. These experiences were likewise reflected in much of her work, which continued to set young ladies brought up in comfortable circumstances against prolonged, unhappy relationships and relative penury.
This was first evident in "Historia de un silencio" ("History of a Silent Moment"); the 1949 novel, set in the popular weekend destination of Tigre and written from a man's perspective, secured her reputation in the Argentine literary scene. Her "Bodas de cristal" ("Crystal Jubilee," 1951) and "Telefono ocupado" ("Busy Signal," 1956) continued showing her preference for detailing private moments and for allowing her characters to criticize male chauvinism or a weak character in women privately and in thought. "Crystal Jubilee" was also her first commercial success and coincided with her marriage to Marcelo Dupont, a happy interlude in her life which ended with his losing his battle with a sudden cancer in 1956.
Silvina Bullrich was awarded the Municipal Literary Prize for "El hechicero" ("The Sorcerer") and "Un momento muy largo" ("A Lasting Moment") in 1961. She taught French literature at the National University of La Plata, and in 1962 invited to adapt French author Guy des Cars' novel "Les Filles de joie" ("Daughters of Happiness") into an Argentine film version; "A Lasting Moment" was likewise adapted into film with Bullrich's script in 1964. That year, she ventured into her first work dealing with social problems in Argentina, "Los burgueses" ("The Bourgeoisie"), which sold about 60,000 copies in Argentina and was translated into several languages; 
Several of her other novels sold around 100,000 copies. Her "Mañana digo basta" ("Tomorrow I'll Say, Enough!") was likewise hailed as a compelling feminist argument following its 1968 publication; "El mundo que yo vi" ("The World I Saw," 1969) was a well-received account of her extensive travels through Europe and Asia; and her "Los pasajeros del jardín" ("Wanderers in the Garden"), a sentimental account of her marriage with Marcelo Dupont, earned her a National Literary Prize in 1972. Her continued success led to a 1975 film adaptation of her novel "Crystal Jubilee," for which she wrote the screenplay. Continuing to write as a means of exposing deep-seated national problems, she published an indictment of Argentina's cumbersome and often corrupt judicial system in "Será justicia" ("There Will Be Justice," a protocol closing phrase found in all legal briefs in Argentina). Published in 1976, this work coincided with the advent of Argentina's brutal last dictatorship and was the last of Bullrich's acclaimed works. She thereafter limited herself to less controversial novels (without abandoning her feminist points of view) and her memoirs, published in 1980. 
Bullrich translated "Les filles de joie" for the screen, as well as Argentine editions of works by Simone de Beauvoir, Beatrix Beck, Graham Greene, Louis Jouvet, and George Sand (about whom she also wrote a biography in 1946). She contributed to an acclaimed 1984 documentary, "Eva Perón: quien quiera oír que oiga" ("Listen if You Want"); while not a Peronist, Bullrich's commentary highlighted the late first lady's significance to the role of women in Argentina. Remaining close to her friend and former collaborator, Jorge Luis Borges, Bullrich visited him shortly before his death in Geneva in 1986, and published her last work, "La bicicleta", that year. A commentary on the country's recent financial crisis, "the bicycle" is also a slang term in Argentina analogous to "robbing Peter to pay Paul." A long-time smoker, she developed lung cancer and soon herself relocated to Geneva, seeking specialized medical care; Silvina Bullrich died there in 1990. She was buried in the "Jardín de Paz" cemetery in Pilar, Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="19270856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270856" title="Cannonball's Bossa Nova">
Cannonball's Bossa Nova

"Cannonball's Bossa Nova is a 1962 album by jazz musician Julian "Cannonball" Adderley. First released on Riverside in 1963, the album was reissued on Capitol Records several times with different covers and titles.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Al Campbell awarded the album 2 stars and states "Unfortunately this release contains little fire, as Adderley didn't get much rehearsal time with these musicians. Combined with the repetitious nature of the Bossa Nova these proceedings can get tedious". The Penguin Guide to Jazz awarded the album 3 stars stating ""Cannonball's Bossa Nova" finds Adderley on a Brazilian vacation, with some of the local talent. Little more than a sweet-natured excursion into some of the indigenous music, it's a pleasing diversion". 
Track listing.
Bonus tracks on CD reissue:

</doc>
<doc id="19270861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270861" title="F30">
F30

F30, F.30 or F-30 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19270891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270891" title="Purple (magazine)">
Purple (magazine)

Purple is a French fashion, art and culture magazine founded in 1992.
History.
In 1992, Elein Fleiss and Olivier Zahm started the magazine "Purple Prose" as a reaction against the superficial glamour of the 1980's; much as a part of the global counterculture at the time, inspired by magazines like "Interview, Ray Gun, Nova", and "Helmut Newton's Illustrated", but with the aesthetics of what usually is referred to as "anti-fashion". Based on their personal interests and views; Purple was, and in a sense still is, made much in the same spirit of the fanzine. The magazine quickly became associated with the "realism" of the new fashion photography of the 1990s, with names like Juergen Teller, Terry Richardson, Wolfgang Tillmans, and Mario Sorrenti.
In the introduction of the Purple Anthology, Zahm writes:
In 2004 it divided into Purple Fashion published by "Purple Institute" based in Paris and New York, and Purple Journal, published by "Les Editions Purple", based in Paris. On February 16 the first installation of Purple Fashion's new online presence was launched. http://purple-diary.com can be considered as the extension of the magazine but as a digital voice that offers immediate access to the world of Purple — including Olivier Zahm's personal pictures as well as a look into the next issue of the magazine.
The art director of Purple Prose and Purple Fashion was Christophe Brunnquell until 2006, when he was succeeded by M/M Paris.
Offspring publications.
Fleiss & Zahm's collaboration has resulted in many side projects over the years:
Since 2004, Purple is divided in two different publications; Purple Fashion magazine (edited by Olivier Zahm and published by "Purple Institute") and Purple Journal (edited by Elein Fleiss and Sébastien Jamain, published by "Les Editions Purple").
Purple Fashion's artist's books.
Since its second issue, each number of Purple Fashion comes with an artist's book:
No.2 – Terry Richardson: "Terry"
No.3 – Richard Prince: "The Hippie drawings"
No.4 – Hedi Slimane: "Interzone"
No.5 – Juergen Teller: "Ed in Japan" 
No.6 – Rita Ackermann: "Good morning New York"
No.7 – Helmut Lang: "Selective memory series"
No.8 – Dash Snow: "You can't drink it if it's frozen"
No.9 – Christophe Brunnquell: "Annees Erotiques"
No.10 – Harmony Korine: "Pigxtras"
No.11 – Marlene Marino: "Cuba 2009"
No.12 – Ari Marcopoulos: "Debris"
No.13 – Aurel Schmidt: "Pussy"
No.14 – Vincent Darre: "Vincent"
No.15 – Thurston Moore: "Street Mouth"
No.16 – Katja Rahlwes: "Full Moon"

</doc>
<doc id="19270897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270897" title="Jumeau">
Jumeau

Jumeau was a French company, founded in the early 1840s, which designed and manufactured high quality bisque dolls. It was founded by Louis-Desire Belton and Pierre-François Jumeau in the Maison Jumeau of Montreuil-sous-Bois, near Paris, France. While Belton did not remain with the company for long, under Jumeau's leadership (and later, under the leadership of his son, Emile), the company soon gained a reputation for dolls with beautiful faces and "exquisite" clothing which replicated the popular fashions of the time. The dolls are still popular with collectors today, and have sold for over £2,000 at auction.
History.
The Jumeau company first emerged as a partnership between Louis-Desire Belton and Pierre-François Jumeau in Paris in the early 1840s.
In 1844, Belton and Jumeau presented their dolls at the Paris Exposition (at which they received an honorable mention), but by 1846 Belton's name was no longer associated with the dolls, and Jumeau was trading in his own right.
A bronze medal in the 1849 Paris Exposition followed, as did an appearance at the Great Exhibition in London in 1851, at which the company was awarded a First Place Medal. Through much of this period, the firm sold only their own dolls to wholesalers, although during the 1850s and 1860s, the company moved into selling wax dolls imported from Britain.
At the Paris expositions and the Great Exhibition in London, Jumeau dolls received their commendations due largely to the quality of the clothing, and no special significance was attached to the dolls themselves. This changed in 1867, when at the Exposition Universelle of that year, the company was awarded a Silver Medal, and "special mention was made of the doll's heads". 1867 was also the year that Pierre-François' son, Emile Jumeau, joined the company. By 1873, when they were awarded a gold medal at the Vienna Exposition, the company was producing their own bisque dolls in their factory in Montreuil.
Although the Jumeau firm had won commendations, very few Jumeau dolls can be securely identified dating before the 1870s. However, by 1877 Emile Jumea had produced the first Bébés (or dolls in the image of a little girl). With realistic glass eyes and "stylish fashions" produced by costumiers, thousands of Bébé dolls were produced for an international market.
In 1878, the Jumeau company won a Gold Medal at the Exposition Universelle (1878). The award was proudly advertised on the bodies, boxes, shoes and even the dress labels of the dolls. Jumeau won a number of other high awards including the prizes for the best dollmaker at both the Sydney International Exhibition (1879) and Melbourne International Exhibition (1880) in Australia. The dolls were internationally sought after as luxury items and status symbols. The firm also was regarded as an industrial success, with production figures of over three million dolls annually by the mid-1890s.
The "Golden Age" of the Jumeau factory lasted for two decades, from the late 1870s to the late 1890s, when the competition from German dolls sent the firm into financial difficulties. The Jumeau dolls from the later 1890s are of more variable quality. German dolls in the 1890s were cheaper than the French, but still well-made and much loved by little girls, even if they were by no means as elegant or graceful in face or costume as the best Jumeau dolls. The Jumeau company became part of the French conglomerate the Société Française de Fabrication de Bébés et Jouets. The S.F.B.J. still continued to use the Bébé Jumeau trademark throughout the 20th century, even producing dolls in the manner of Jumeau.

</doc>
<doc id="19270922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270922" title="Vallekilde Højskole">
Vallekilde Højskole

Vallekilde Højskole is a Danish institution of adult education in the folk high school tradition. The school is situated in the village of Vallekilde in Odsherred municipality on the island of Zealand.
History.
The school was founded in 1865 by the theologian Ernst Trier who worked in the tradition of N. F. S. Grundtvig who is seen as the spiritual figure behind the many folk high schools that were founded in Denmark during the second part of the 19th and the 20th century.
The school was started in rented rooms at a farm in Vallekilde. In 1866 first part of the new school building opened its doors to the students. The building had significant new elements added in 1876, 1884, 1907 and 1962. Architect Martin Nyrop who is known as the architect behind the Copenhagen City Hall designed the gym from 1884 and the northern wing from 1907.
Current activities.
Since 2003, Vallekilde Højskole has also been known under its English name: Vallekilde Communications College. It has specialized in communication and currently has four line subjects: jazz, journalism, fiction writing and an international line. Since 2003 the school has welcomed a number of students from Eastern and Central Europe. Classes in the jazz and international lines are taught in English.

</doc>
<doc id="19270959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270959" title="NRW Trophy">
NRW Trophy

The NRW Trophy is an annual international figure skating competition organized by the Skating Union of North Rhine-Westphalia and since 2007, it has been sanctioned by the Deutsche Eislauf Union and the International Skating Union. It is held every autumn at Westfalenhallen in Dortmund, Germany. Medals are awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. The competition is held in two parts. The Ice Dance Trophy is held for ice dancing levels pre-novice to senior in early November. The Figure Skating Trophy is held for singles and pairs skating levels novice to senior in late November or early December.

</doc>
<doc id="19270962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270962" title="Veda och Mörtsal">
Veda och Mörtsal

Veda och Mörtsal is a settlement of Härnösand parish in Högsjö. It comprises two villages halfway between Kramfors and Härnösand. The ferry that served as transport to Nyadal, on the other side of the Ångerman River, before the Höga Kusten Bridge was built, was in Veda. The settlement lies less than 1 kilometer from Utansjö.

</doc>
<doc id="19270964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270964" title="OFM (South Africa)">
OFM (South Africa)

OFM is Central South Africa’s leading commercial radio station with offices in Bloemfontein, Potchefstroom and Vanderbijlpark.
Being the regional radio station with the second biggest footprint in the country, OFM broadcasts to the greater Free State, parts of North West, Northern Cape and Southern Gauteng.
OFM was originally a split of Radio Hoëveld broadcasting only four hours a day in the evenings under the name Radio Oranje (after the Orange Free State, its home province) on 1 July 1985. At that stage the station operated with a staff compliment of only three people – Christo Olivier, the station manager, Albe’ Grobbler, the programme manager and Bill Otto, the advertising manager. The station only had two full-time presenters, Manie Kitching and Johleen du Plessis. Jaco de Wet, a student at that time, helped out during weekends.
OFM became a regional broadcaster on 01 July 1986.
OFM is known for its on-air radio talent. Controversial television and radio presenter Riaan van Heerden was part of the team from 2009 until 2011. Van Heerden presented the popular Mambo Jumbo, which aired weekdays from 15:00 – 18:00. Known for causing a stir with the Central South African audience, Van Heerden’s blog, the Mambo Jumbo blog was rated the number one blog according to amatomu.com in the Marketing and Media category in South Africa (www.amatomu.co.za). 
Tim Thabethe was another presenter on OFM. Thabethe, a Zulu man from KwaZulu-Natal with no knowledge of Central South Africa, its culture and its people, captured the heart of Central South Africa. During his tenure at OFM, when he presented the Breakfast Club, he embraced the audience and their language and thus grew OFM’s morning listenership to a record 323 000 by the time of his departure in 2013.
Today OFM boasts some of the country’s top presenters as part of the on-air team. The Breakfast Special with Andre Kunz and Anna Visser is the number one morning show in Central South Africa. Other members in the breakfast team include news anchor Leanne Nel, sport anchor Liezl Liebenberg, traffic presenter Cathy de Lange and producer Lebogang Kotsi.
Johrne van Huyssteen of ddisselblom fame presents the mid-morning show Oppi Draadloos from 09:00 – 12:00. Yolanda Maartens presents the midday to 3pm show. Yolanda was found by OFM during a presenter search in 2009.
The new afternoon drive time show Siesta is the highlight of weekdays on OFM. Presented by one of the youngest talents in the country, Martin van Merwe, the show has already stolen the hearts of Central South African listeners. Since its launch in April 2013, reaction from listeners and clients has been phenomenal.
OFM is not only the sound of Central South Africa but also a caring company operating in central South Africa. OFM runs a social investment programme that is about building trust and relationships with the Central South African community.
OFM runs four main community driven projects as part of giving back to the community.
The OFM Classic is one of the safest cycling events in South African cycling. OFM uses this platform to raise funds for deserving organisations or causes in its footprint. In 2012 the OFM Classic donated R25 000 to the Rotary Organisation and the Sunflower House. A further R30 000 was donated to the Tempe School of Armour in Bloemfontein.
The Spar OFM Carols by Candlelight is another community driven project that aims to gather as many toys and cash donations as possible for distribution to children’s homes across Central South Africa just in time for Christmas. Homes in Bloemfontein, Kimberley, Welkom, Vanderbijlpark, Potchefstroom and Klerksdorp benefit from the generosity of the audience.
The Winter Warm Up with PEP and Vodacom aims to collect as many blankets as possible to keep Central South Africa warm during the cold winter months. In 2012, 18 000 blankets were collected – a total value of R629 100.
The Shoprite Checkers OFM Chip 4 Charity celebrates Central South Africa’s love for golfing, Calling upon on businesses and government to raise funds for vulnerable children in the region. In 2012 the golf spectacular raised R120 000 in Bloemfontein and a further R40 000 in Kimberley.
Target Audience.
25 to 49 years old, LSM 7 to 10
Content.
Adult Contemporary, interspersed with news and views from the station's team of on-air personalities. The community is strongly reflected. Exciting competitions form part of the station's day to day activities. In 2005 the station gave away a house to the value of R2 million! The main competition campaigns in 2009 and 2010 was the 10 second challenge where listerners could win R50 000 by identifying 10 songs in 10 seconds and the Pack your bags campaign – where an "ever-so" friendly customs official, Smiley du Plessis stood between listeners and R1 million! In January 2011 the station gave away a DTV Roadrunner to the value of R151 000 as part of their Sound of your Summer campaign.
Footprint.
OFM covers three provinces – the Free State, parts of North West province, and the Northern Cape province. In 2005, it also commenced broadcasts into the Vaal Triangle area.
Ownership.
It was privatised in 1996 after the South African Broadcasting Corporation decided to sell off its commercial regional stations. Current owners are African Media Entertainment (75.1%) and Kagiso Media. (24.9%).

</doc>
<doc id="19270990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270990" title="Covenant College, Canberra">
Covenant College, Canberra

Covenant College is an independent Christian primary and high school located on Woodcock Drive, Gordon in the Australian Capital Territory and owned and operated by an association of like-minded Christian parents and supporters. The official theological position of the school is based on the Westminster Confession of Faith and other expressions of the reformed faith. It currently caters for pupils in years K-10 and is co-educational.
Covenant College opened in 1991. , it had a roll of around 136 students, and a college feeder program with Trinity Christian School for pupils in years 11 and 12. The College aims to provide quality Christ-centered education to students from Protestant denominations.
In 2013 the College entered into a new phase of its development as it opened its doors to non-Christian students as well as Christian students.
In 2014 the school will change its name to Covenant Christian School.

</doc>
<doc id="19270994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270994" title="F31">
F31

F31 or F.31 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19271012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271012" title="Tarnaszentmária">
Tarnaszentmária

Tarnaszentmária is a village at the foot of the Mátra Mountains in Hungary.
Sightseeings.
Tarnaszentmária is the village in Hungary where one of the oldest churches can be found. It was founded by the Genera Aba, who were in family relations with the Árpád house kings. Samuel Aba of Hungary was the housband of the sister of Stephen I of Hungary. This Aba Genera founded the Tarnaszentmária church.
The old church has a central nave and eastern apsis, however, the eastern apsis has two floors. In the lower floor a tomb was found in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19271034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271034" title="Special Olympics Leicester">
Special Olympics Leicester

The 8th Special Olympics GB National Summer Games was held in Leicester between the 25 and 31 July 2009. Over 2,400 athletes representing 19 Special Olympics regions across the UK have visited the city of Leicester over the seven-day period along with 1,200 coaches and 1,500 volunteers.
2,422 athletes have competed in 21 Olympic style competitions across the city. Sailing was held at Rutland Sailing Centre and Kayaking have taken place at the Anglian Water Site. Leicestershire County Cricket Club were used for Kwik Cricket. Walkers Stadium, home of Leicester City Football Club, was also used for the Opening Ceremony and the Games Village. There are some of the sporting venues hosted the 2009 Games, including Abbey Park (cycling), New College (gymnastics), Hollywood Bowl (ten pin bowling) and Saffron Lane Sports Stadium (athletics). 
Leicester's landscape has changed dramatically since the city first hosted the Games in 1989. From the rich diversity of its population, to the magnificent ongoing 3 billion regeneration programme, Leicester was a city rising to the challenge on many fronts.
The city of Leicester have also recruited about 1,500 volunteers to participate in the Games. 
A host of celebrities have already offered up their support to the Games next year including Martin Johnson, Gary Lineker, Leicester Tigers, Leicester City FC, and Leicestershire CCC.
About Special Olympics GB.
Special Olympics National Summer Games is part of Special Olympics GB. Special Olympics is a global organisation that provides year-round sports training and athletic competition to more than 2.25 million children and adults with learning disabilities across the globe. Founded by Eunice Kennedy Shriver, sister of the late President John F Kennedy in 1968, Special Olympics provides people with learning disabilities opportunities to realise their potential, develop physical fitness, demonstrate courage and experience joy and friendship.
Special Olympics Great Britain (SOGB) is the major provider of sporting opportunities for people with a learning disability and provides equality of opportunity for all athletes regardless of ability or degree of disability. 
In February 1988, the IOC, the umbrella organization of the Olympic movement, officially recognised Special Olympics as the third Olympic movement alongside the Olympics and Paralympics.
SOGB was established in 1978 as part of Special Olympics Inc. SOGB is a registered charity and a company limited by guarantee and presently offer opportunities to more than 8000 children and adults with a learning disability and will work to expand opportunities to reach a further 10,000 individuals by 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19271067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271067" title="Doda (disambiguation)">
Doda (disambiguation)

Doda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19271071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271071" title="Golmaal (2008 film)">
Golmaal (2008 film)

Golmaal () (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Swapan Saha and featuring multi-starring Prasenjit, Tota Ray Chowdhury, Jisshu Sengupta, Priyanka Trivedi, Namrata Thapa, Barsa Priyadarshini.
Plot.
Golmaal is a remake of Malayalam movie thenkasi patanam.Pralay (Prasenjit), an orphan, is given shelter by Kaka Babu (Rajatava Dutt), just like the latter had given to the brother- sister orphans, Mainak (Tota Ray Chowdhury) and Khushi (Barsa Priyadarshini). The three grew up like family members. When they grow up, Pranay falls in love with Chandni(Priyanka Trivedi), the daughter of Tridib babu(Mrinal Mukherjee), the local don. Pralay and Mainak often clash with Tridib’s men and always teach them a lesson. The entry of Sangeeta (Namrata Thapa) creates a misunderstanding between the two, as Mainak has a crush for her, but he comes to know that Sangeeta loves Pralay. Siddhartha is a college-mate of Khushi. He was not getting any scope of conveying his love for her. Ultimately he joins as manager in the Mainak-Pralay company. But due to some misunderstanding Sangeeta has an impression that Pralay would marry her and Mainak was under impression that Pralay had chosen Chandni as his match. The comedy of errors continues till the entire confusion is cleared.

</doc>
<doc id="19271097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271097" title="Jenny Fransson">
Jenny Fransson

Jenny Fransson (born on 18 July 1987 in Karlstad) is a female freestyle wrestler from Sweden who participated in Women's freestyle wrestling 72 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In 1/8 final she lost 1:3 to Wang Jiao, then in repechage round Fransson lost to Ali Bernard from USA.
She won a bronze medal at 2008 European Wrestling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19271125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271125" title="Bobby Langton">
Bobby Langton

Robert "Bobby" Langton (8 September 1918 – 13 January 1996) was an English footballer who played for the majority of his career for Lancashire clubs. He played mostly on the left wing.
Playing career.
Born in Burscough, he signed for Blackburn Rovers from youth team Burscough Victoria in 1937. He became the team's leading scorer in his second season with fourteen goals but his career was curtailed by the Second World War which he spent part of as an infantryman in India, although when stationed in Northern Ireland he did help Glentoran to win the Irish Cup in 1945.
He won the first of eleven England caps in a 7–2 defeat of Northern Ireland in 1946 and would go on to play for the national team until 1950 by which time he had changed clubs twice, first to Preston North End for £16,000 in 1948 and then on to Bolton Wanderers for a then club record of £20,000 in November 1949. At Bolton he provided many goals for Willie Moir and Nat Lofthouse, picking up a losers medal in the Matthews Cup Final, in which he made a goal for Moir. 
In dispute with Bolton in the run up to the final, it proved to be Langton's final game for the club. He returned to Blackburn Rovers in September 1953 and served them for a further three years before seeing out his professional career back in Northern Ireland with Ards. Langton then went into non-league football, with three seasons at Wisbech Town before moving to Kidderminster Harriers and finally seeing his career out with a one month spell at Colwyn Bay.
Management career.
Scouting for Accrington Stanley followed, as well as coaching for King's Lynn and Wisbech before he finally returned home to Burscough to become manager of the local team where he won the Lancashire Combination Cup and the Lancashire Junior Cup. He finally left football in 1971. Bobby Langton died after a short illness in January 1996. Two years later the road that goes past Burscough's ground was renamed "Bobby Langton Way" after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19271127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271127" title="Echelon Conspiracy">
Echelon Conspiracy

Echelon Conspiracy (formerly titled The Gift) is a 2009 American science fiction action thriller film directed by Greg Marcks and starring Shane West, Edward Burns, and Ving Rhames.
Plot.
A young American computer engineer (Shane West as Max) acquires a mobile phone that receives strange text messages. First they encourage him to miss his flight which he then learns crashed soon after takeoff. Then the messages direct him to buy a certain stock, which he then learns increases by 313%. Next, he is directed to a hotel/casino in Prague to gamble. He first wins one-hundred thousand Euro on a slot machine and then bets the entire amount on a hand of blackjack, which he wins. Both bets are made on the basis of further text messages he receives on his new phone. Max then has an altercation with a beautiful woman (Tamara Feldman) and her jealous boyfriend in the hotel corridor, where he is knocked-out and his mysterious phone is apparently scanned. Max wakes up with the woman, Kamila, smiling above him. He immediately asks her out for a drink.
To further his new-found career in gambling, Max enlists the aid of a Russian cabbie/apparent e-gadget enthusiast, Yuri (Sergey Gubanov), who outfits him with a text-to-voice earpiece to wirelessly receive his anonymous and lucrative text messages. His lucky streak continues when he hits the 3 million Euro jackpot on a slot machine but is forced to run away when casino security led by John Reed (Edward Burns) attempts to detain him. This chase is ended by the intervention of FBI Agent Dave Grant (Ving Rhames) who handcuffs Max and interrogates him for information about the phone. Max is frightened, but unable to provide any information.
At this point Agent Grant contacts Raymond Burke (Martin Sheen) of the NSA, who is apparently monitoring Max because he is receiving messages from an omniscient communication surveillance computer system known as Echelon. These messages have been responsible for the deaths of several Americans, most recently an IT specialist working in the Pentagon. Burke recently lost a battle to pass a bill in Congress that would allow Echelon to be upgraded by being uploaded into personal computers worldwide. Burke eventually decides that Max knows too much and must be eliminated, however, Reed and the beautiful woman from the hotel – now revealed as Reed's associate – come to Max's aid and spirit him away to Moscow. There Max re-connects with the techie Yuri and tries to get his help in discovering who is sending the messages. Yuri believes that the messages are coming directly from the computer itself, and that the system has achieved some kind of autonomous self-awareness. Max and Reed object to his idea, but they are forced to flee when more armed men arrive at Yuri's apartment. A car chase through Moscow ensues.
The chase ends with Reed outmaneuvering and eventually blowing-up the pursing cars, which happen to be led by Agent Grant. Grant escapes injury, but Max seizes the moment to inflict some payback for their previous encounter. Grant asks Max to help him stop Echelon, as he has now also begun to receive threatening texts. Max then receives another text, instructing him to return to Omaha, Nebraska, where he first worked as a computer security engineer. Max, Grant and Reed all fly home on a military aircraft. 
Arriving in Omaha, the group finds a sealed-up, bunker-like structure with a cache of servers and a high-end computer system that Max helped install years earlier. The property is revealed to belong to another victim of Echelon's messages, the same person whose credit card was used to send Max the phone. Max starts up the bunker's computer and is instructed via text to fire up the servers and connect them to the network. Echelon then begins downloading itself into the bunker's computers and begins a countdown to replicate itself across the world wide computer network. Agent Grant calls Burke at the NSA to inform him, but Burke is content to let the Echelon replicate itself worldwide, in the interests of US national security. Meanwhile, Max is failing to stop Echelon's replication countdown, until he takes an idea from the 1968 Star Trek episode "The Ultimate Computer". Max asks the computer what its primary purpose is and it replies to defend the US, as defined by the Constitution. Max then asks the computer to search for threats to the US Constitution, and it comes back with a plethora of articles concerning the recent attempts to secure Congressional approval to upgrade Echelon, which is characterized as a grave threat to personal freedoms. At the point when the download is complete, Echelon "learns" that it is itself the threat and executes its own shutdown.
The film ends with Agent Grant and Reed sending Max and Kamila off to Paris, while Burke is subpoenaed to appear before the Senate intelligence committee. The final cryptic scene is back in Moscow, where the techie Yuri is unveiled as a Captain in the Russian Security Service. In a conversation (in Russian) with his apparent commanding officer he is commended for his actions. Yuri replies that they will soon try to start it again but, for today, they have helped the Americans to make the right decision; "I would like to believe", he adds cryptically, and at that moment turns off his mobile phone.
Reception.
"Echelon Conspiracy" received overwhelmingly negative reviews. Review website Rotten Tomatoes reports that 0% of film critics gave it a positive review, based on 12 reviews. Audiences also disliked the film, with only 30% of viewers liking the film.

</doc>
<doc id="19271135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271135" title="F33">
F33

F33 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19271142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271142" title="Jardin Serre de la Madone">
Jardin Serre de la Madone

The Jardin Serre de la Madone (6 hectares), often simply known as the Serre de la Madone (Hill of the Madonna), is a garden in France notable for its design and rare plantings. It is located at 74, Route de Gorbio, Menton, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France. It is open to the public (every day except Monday) during the warm months of the year. It is presently (2008) being restored to its former condition.
The garden was created in 1924-1939 by Lawrence Johnston, who had earlier created in Britain the celebrated Hidcote Manor Garden (1907). It lies on a hillside in the Gorbio Valley, with a farmhouse to which Johnston added two large wings. Johnston traveled the world collecting plants, and Serre de la Madone offered an excellent site for plants from subtropical regions. Over the years he created a series of terraces among old olive trees, planted and tended by twelve gardeners.
After Johnston's death in 1958 owners maintained it with varying degrees of respect for the original plantings. In 1999 the property was purchased by the non-profit Conservatoire du Littoral, who began restoring it to Johnson's design.
Today the garden contains a collection of unusual subtropical plants centered around a double pool, and rising in terraces. As at Hidcote, Johnson used hedges and low walls to divide the garden into discrete areas. Notable plant specimens include a superb "Mahonia siamensis" and "Arbutus unedo", umbrella pines, "Buddleja officinalis", "Rosa chinensis", and bamboo, as well as good collections of cycads and succulents from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19271148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271148" title="Gillian Keith">
Gillian Keith

Gillian Keith (born 3 April 1972 in Toronto) is a Canadian operatic soprano.
Gillian Keith was educated at the Schulich School of Music of McGill University, Montreal and at the Royal Academy of Music in London.
Opera.
Gillian Keith's roles include:

</doc>
<doc id="19271162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271162" title="2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 800 metres">
2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 800 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 800 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Championships in Edmonton, Canada. There were a total number of 37 participating athletes, with five qualifying heats, two semi-finals and the final held on Tuesday 7 August 2001 at 19:50h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Heats.
Held on Tuesday 7 August 2001
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19271176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271176" title="Georgette Chen">
Georgette Chen

Georgette Chen, born Chang Li Ying () was a Singapore painter known for her Post-Impressionistic styled oil paintings at the turn of the 20th-century. She was a forerunner of the visual arts in Singapore, who contributed to the birth of the Nanyang art style in Singapore.
Chen was born the fourth of 12 children - 10 girls and 2 boys - in Zhejiang Province, China, in 1906. Her father Chang Sen Chek, was an antique dealer with businesses in Paris, London and New York. He was also a supporter of Sun Yat Sen, and provided financial support to Sun's revolutionary cause. Though living in the West, the Chang couple was deeply rooted to their Chinese roots. Mrs Chang allowed her children to speak only in Mandarin at home, while Mr Chang often brought his family along in his regular trips to China to support Sun's revolution, and to ensure that his children would never forget their own cultural identity.
Being born into a privileged life, Chen was exposed to art at a young age. For most of her life in Paris she would either be painting at home, visiting museums and roaming around the Parisian city every day. Chen attended high school in America, and studied art at the Art Students League of New York for a year in 1926. She felt that Parisian life suited her better and in 1927 she returned home to study at the Académie Colarossi and Académie Biloul in Paris. Though her parents provided financial support for her art education, they never fully accepted her decision to become a full-time artist, knowing that artists starved and would not succeed in their lifetime. 
Chen met Eugene Chen, a Chinese diplomat and a friend of Sun Yat Sen. He was an arts and music lover who deeply appreciated Chen's aspiration to become a professional artist. In 1930 Chen married Eugene Chen and travelled in China with her husband. Chen was Eugene's second wife after the death of his first wife, Agatha Alphosin Ganteaume.
That was also the year Chen submitted her artwork for selection to the "Salon d'Automne" exhibition in Paris for the first time, and was accepted. When the Sino-Japanese War broke out, the couple was imprisoned and Eugene Chen died in Shanghai in 1944 towards the end of World War II.
Chen was awarded the Singapore Cultural Medallion in 1982. She died of complications from rheumatoid arthritis on March 15, 1993, at Mount Alvernia Hospital after an 11-year struggle with the ailment. Mr Lee Seng Gee, Chairman of the Lee Foundation was appointed as the Executor of the Georgette Chen Estate. In April 1994, Chen's house on Siglap Plain was auctioned for S$2.8 million. The money raised from the auction gave to the Georgette Chen Arts Scholarship for art students managed by the National Arts Council. A collection of Chen's paintings were stowed away in two rooms of her home, and recently discovered by Lee. In June 1994, Lee donated the 53 newly discovered paintings to the Singapore Art Museum (SAM). This brought a total of 104 paintings by Chen to be found in the museum collection.
Apart from donations sale proceeds of her house, sales from Chen's personal investments of stocks and shares were also used to fund a new building for the Singapore Council of Women's Organisations (SCWO), as well as for community welfare projects for the local Malay community, and to the Practice Theatre Ensemble (founded by Kuo Pao Kun) to support Chinese theatrical art in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="19271196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271196" title="Cambro">
Cambro

The Cambro was a very basic British three-wheeled, single-seat cyclecar made in 1920 and 1921 by the Central Aircraft Company of Northolt, Middlesex.
The car was designed by magazine editor F.J. Camm and G.A. Broomfield and powered by an air-cooled Johnson 192 cc two-stroke flat twin engine, driving the single rear wheel by a chain. The engine was more commonly found in outboard motors and mopeds. There was no reverse, but a free wheel mechanism was fitted to help manoeuvring the machine by hand.
The Cambro was advertised at the cheapest car in the world, costing only 79 guineas (GBP83). The number made is not known.
Depiction in films.
The Cambro is associated with several movies, including "The little Cambro that could", the story about a Cambro brought to life, and made a life for itself in America.

</doc>
<doc id="19271200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271200" title="Janatar Aadalat">
Janatar Aadalat

Janatar Aadalat is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Manoj Thakur.

</doc>
<doc id="19271206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271206" title="Arnaud Assoumani">
Arnaud Assoumani

Arnaud Assoumani (born September 4, 1985) is a T46 French athlete.
He represented France in the F46 long jump at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, and won gold by setting a new world record with a jump of 7.23 metres. He had previously won bronze at the 2004 Games.
, Assoumani is a student at the prestigious Institut d'études politiques de Paris. He is a left forearm amputee.

</doc>
<doc id="19271209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271209" title="Charles Robert Colvile">
Charles Robert Colvile

Charles Robert Colvile (30 March 1815 – 8 March 1886) was an English Peelite and Liberal politician who represented the constituency of South Derbyshire.
Colvile was the son of Sir Charles Colvile and his wife Harriet Anne Bonell. 
Colvile became MP for Derbyshire South in 1841, supporting Sir Robert Peel and held the seat until 1859. He regained it as a Liberal in 1865 and held it until 1868. He lived at Lullington Hall and was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1875.
Colvile married Katherine Sarah Georgina Russell, daughter of John Russell and Sophia Coussmaker. Their son Sir Henry Colvile became a Major-General in the 2nd Boer War fighting at the Battle of Modder River.

</doc>
<doc id="19271265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271265" title="F36">
F36

F36 or F.XXXVI may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19271269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271269" title="Gharjamai (film)">
Gharjamai (film)

Gharjamai ( "live-in son-in- law") is a 2008 Bengali film Directed by Anup Sengupta. This Anup Sengupta film is not a plagiarised version of the Hindi Jamai Raja starring Anil Kapoor, Hema Malini and Madhuri Dixit.
Plot.
Mahim Ghoshal is a conspiring manager of businessman Amar Banerjee. While Amar banerjee has 2 wives (Mamata & Sabitri) Mahim takes an advantage of this situation. Amar Banerjee has two separate families in two separate places. Mamata feels insecure about Amar's second fiddle Sabitri while Mahim takes advantage of this situation. He advised and influences Mamata to give him ransom so that he may kill Sabitri and his own son Debnath, Mahim sends a killer who brutually knives Sabitri to death. In the heat of the moment the killer shoots and kills Sabitri's friend too. Sabitri's son Debnath and his best friend Sibnath manage to escape from the grasp of the hired assassin with Sibnath's sister Rani. But sadly the 3 children get separated. Debnath becomes Deba Mastan while Sibnath turns out to become Siba. Rani becomes a torger and finds a sidekick within Pangla. Incidentally Sibnath was brought up by Amar Banerjee's driver Sanatan, an outright honest man. After Amar Banerjee's death Mahim Ghoshal pounces upon his mission of engulfing the Banerjee property. He blackmails Mamata and coerces her to accept her that her daughter Tina to be married with Mahim's insane son Rocket. But Sibnath arrives at the judgement moment to save Tina from getting married with the hoodlum. Sibnath declares as the son-in-law (Jamai) of the Bamerjee's, i.e. Tina's husband and begins his mission of fighting Mahim Ghoshal, Rocket and his allies. Mahim on the other hand brings Debnath as a wild card and introduced his to Mamata as Sabitri's long lost son. Mamata acceptrs Debnath as her slipson while Tina also gives consent. But as Sibnath and Debnath don't recognise each other as childhood pears they constantly fight and combat each other. But ultimately truth prevails. the childhood mystery of all three are revealed and while Mahim Ghoshal in punished the entire family reunite again.

</doc>
<doc id="19271292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271292" title="Michael Siegal">
Michael Siegal

Michael Siegal (March 30, 1950 – February 20, 2012) was a developmental psychologist and cognitive scientist who was Marie Curie Chair in Psychology at the University of Trieste, Italy, and was a Professor of Psychology at the University of Sheffield, UK.
His research sought to determine how access to language, language acquisition, and participation in conversation influence cognitive processes in development and their breakdown in adulthood following brain damage, especially in the areas of numerical, spatial, social, and moral cognition. This work was carried out in different cultures and involves monolingual and bilingual children, atypically developing children such as deaf children, and adults with aphasia.

</doc>
<doc id="19271309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271309" title="Benoît David">
Benoît David

Benoît Gerard Guy David (born 19 April 1966) is the Canadian lead singer of the band Mystery. He was also the lead vocalist of the English progressive rock band Yes from 2008 to 2012, replacing long-time vocalist Jon Anderson, but later left due to ill health. Before joining Yes, David was also the lead vocalist of a Yes tribute band called Close to the Edge.
Yes.
In 2008, David was announced as the lead singer of a line-up headed by Steve Howe, Chris Squire and Alan White of Yes for a tour later that year. David came to the attention of Squire through YouTube videos of his work with Close to the Edge. David stood in for Jon Anderson, who was unable to tour because of ill health following acute respiratory failure earlier in the year. The tour was cut short when Squire became ill and David returned to work with Mystery and Close to the Edge. 
David has since remained with Yes, the band touring in 2009 and 2010. In October 2009, it was announced that David had formally joined Yes. Early in 2011, the band finished their next album, titled "Fly From Here", with David on lead vocals.
David continued for a time as a member of Close to the Edge after joining Yes, but the band went into hiatus after live dates in 2009 given David's commitments to Yes. David and guitarist Phil Charmettant have since left Close to the Edge and new replacements have been brought in.
In an interview with Noise 11 magazine in January 2012, Chris Squire confirmed that David had officially left Yes, due to a respiratory illness. He had been suffering from respiratory failure and could not continue on for the Australia tour in April 2012. In a press release, David revealed he only found out that new singer Jon Davison had permanently replaced him later.
Mystery.
David has been the lead singer of Mystery, a band led by Michel St-Père, since 1999. He appears on 2007's "Beneath the Veil of Winter's Face", 2010's "One Among the Living" and 2012's "The World is a Game". While the former was entirely written by St-Père, the latter two feature David's first songwriting efforts as he co-wrote lyrics for some pieces with St-Père (music by St-Père).
Discography.
Appearances.
With Hamadryad:
With Gordon Giltrap and Oliver Wakeman:

</doc>
<doc id="19271334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271334" title="Naoko">
Naoko

Possible writings.
Naoko can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19271336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271336" title="Irina Plotnikova">
Irina Plotnikova

Irina Plotnikova is a Russian pianist. 
Irina Plotnikova won the inaugural Sydney International Piano Competition (1977), and presented the Opening Recital at the 1985 and 2000 competitions.
She is now a professor at the Tchaikovsky Conservatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19271338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271338" title="Takkar (2008 film)">
Takkar (2008 film)

Takkar (2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Swapan Saha.
Plot.
Rich suburban girl Chaitali Choudhury marries nephew oriented man Ajoy (Prosenjit) against the wishes of her elder brother and aunt. But within a couple of months Chaitali (Rachana) and Ajoy go loggerheads over the issue of Ajoy's beloved nephew Arun (Rishi). Ajoy slaps Chaitali in front of her brother Joydeb's (Sudip) friend Shekhar. Chaitali leaves home even after repeated requests from Ajoy's mother and his widow sister Dipa to stay back. Ajoy transforms to a business tycon from a poor man after this incident. On the other hand Chatali is influenced against Ajoy by Joydeb, pisi (her anut) and Shekhar. 15 years go by. Though the estranged couple still love each other, they can never unite again due to social constraints. Meanwhile Arun grows up to become a spoilt brat. The uncle-nephew combo remains steady amidts all these mishaps Arun falls in love with Tithi who is accidentally bad man Joydeb's only daughter. There is another possitive character in Ranjan (Bhashwar) who tries to bring peace within the rival families. But Shekhar has another plans. He influenced Joydeb to sent a pack of killers to execute Ajoy. Ajoy fights bravely but injured. When Arun hears this news he rushes to kill Joydev and Shekhar in a fit of rage. But accidentally he chops off poor Ranjan's left hand with a chopper. Things complicate after this incident but when Ranjan withdraws the case over Arun, he takes oath to become a good man and unite his uncle and aunt. Tithi helps Arun wholeheartedly in this mission. Ultimately after numerous violent incidents Joydeb decides to marry off Chaitali by force. At the last moment Ajoy arrives at that spot. Arun too arrives to save his uncle and aunt. Shekhar tries to molest Chaitali while she kills the debauch in self-defence. Arun takes blame and voluntary goes to jail for 4 years. After getting released Ajoy and Arun come to Joydeb's house to take Tithi with them. There every single truth gets revealed. Joydeb and pisi (Arpita Baker) transform into good human beings and the misunderstanding ends finally. Ajoy and Chaitali re-unite after a long gap.

</doc>
<doc id="19271351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271351" title="Al Artawiyah">
Al Artawiyah

Al Artawiyah is a Bedouin camp (Hijrah) on the road between Riyadh and Kuwait. It was considered a key location for the arising of Al Ikhwan group who helped King Abdul Aziz establish the Saudi Arabian Kingdom in the beginning of the 20th century. Most of the residents are of the Mutair tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="19271362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271362" title="Castle Three">
Castle Three

The Castle Three was a British three-wheeled cyclecar made from 1919 to 1922 by the Castle Motor Company of Castle Mill Works, New Road, Kidderminster, Worcestershire. The company had originally been a car repair business founded in 1906 by brothers Stanley and Laughton Goodwin but grew to make munitions during World War I and entered the car building business with the coming of peace and the post-war boom.
The car was aimed at the top end of the Cyclecar market and so was fitted with a four-cylinder, water-cooled engine. The first batch of cars had side-valve, straight four, Dorman engines of 1094 cc with the remainder using Belgian Peters 1207 cc engines. These were in-unit with a gearbox, either of two-speed epicyclic or three-speed conventional type and drove the single rear wheel by a shaft and bevel gears.
The open two-seater body with dickey seat had a smart nickel-plated radiator and electric lighting and was attached on a chassis with the suspension using quarter elliptic leaf springs at the front and semi elliptic at the rear. Unusually for a cyclecar, artillery wheels were used rather than wire-spoked ones.
The car was exhibited at the 1919 London Motor Show and a reputed 2,300 orders were taken. Not all these were confirmed and it is estimated that around 350 were made. Two are known to survive.
A prototype of a four-wheel version was made but never went into production. The company closed in 1922, selling the works to a carpet maker.
Successor.
In August 2013 the Castle Three Motor Company Limited was incorporated in Alnwick, Northumberland with plans to develop, manufacture and sell new generation three-wheeled sports cars for the recreational and motor sport markets.
While the original had 2+1 seating and a four-cylinder engine, the new three-wheeler will have two seats and use an externally sourced twin-pot — either in V or boxer form — to power the rear wheel via a largely proprietary drivetrain. <ref name="http://www.autocar.co.uk"/>

</doc>
<doc id="19271367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271367" title="The Serpent Bride">
The Serpent Bride

The Serpent Bride is a fantasy novel by Sara Douglass. It is the first novel the "Darkglass Mountain" trilogy and was published in 2007. The storyline is set after the events of "The Axis Trilogy" and "The Wayfarer Redemption" trilogy. A sequel was released in 2008, entitled "The Twisted Citadel".
Plot introduction.
The novel begins with the tale of Kanubai, the first entity who invited Light and Water to be his companions. They co-existed peacefully for a while, until Light and Water merged creating Life. Kanubai was jealous of Life because he was not part of the union and tried to consume Life with chaos and darkness. Light and Water fought against Kanubai and sent him to the abyss.
The story shifts to Ishbel Brunelle, an eight year old girl whose family was killed by the plague. She is driven to despair because the villagers outside will not let her leave her home. Eventually Ishbel tries to kill herself, but finds she cannot die from the plague. After some time, she is rescued by a man named Aziel, who turns out to be the arch-priest of the Coil, a group of people who worship a deity known only as the Great Serpent.
Twenty years in the future and Ishbel is introduced as the arch-priestess of the Coil, and has a revelation; if she is to save the Outlands and Serpents Nest from destruction, she must marry the King of Escator, Maximillian Persimius.
Publication history.
The Serpent bride was first released in 2007 in Australia. It was later released in the United States and the United Kingdom. The first edition hardback and paperback are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="19271371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271371" title="CCAT">
CCAT

CCAT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19271383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271383" title="Mao's Last Dancer (book)">
Mao's Last Dancer (book)

"Mao's Last Dancer" is an autobiography written by Chinese-Australian author Li Cunxin and first published in 2003. It recounts his journey from a young, impoverished village boy destined to labor in the fields to a world-famous professional dancer.
Story line.
Li Cunxin is born into a poor family commune in a small rural village in Shandong Province, where he is destined to work in the fields as a labourer. At first overlooked but selected after a suggestion by his teacher during a school visit, Li seems bewildered by the gruff preliminary inspection screening at the provincial capital city of Qingdao. Selected to travel to Beijing to audition for a place in Madame Mao's Dance Academy, he is admitted to its ballet school after passing a series of physical examinations. 
Six years of arduous training follow. He struggles at the academy, failing to excel as he tries to cope with his homesickness. There is no freedom within the rigid schedule, where he must balance hours and hours of dance classes along with strenuous academic classes. He also campaigns to be part of the Communist youth party, surviving rigorous interviews; after he is let in, an additional portion of his time is given to meetings. But Cunxin doesn't mind; he has a calling now: serving glorious Communism. The arrival of a new teacher, this one less likely to shout, changes his grim outlook on dance. He puts more emphasis on having fun and on knowing strengths and weaknesses. Teacher Xiao keeps an eye on Cunxin, spotting something other teachers hadn't yet seen. The teacher also (dangerously) differs from others at the academy because of his devotion to classical ballet, considered too Western to be taught at the school (as opposed to the politically motivated, strident form favored by Madame Mao). His determination and courage, paired with Teacher Xiao's advice and motivation allows him to be the top of the class, offered more and more roles. This leads to him being grudgingly permitted by the Academy to travel abroad to Ben Stevenson's Houston Ballet company as a visiting student for six weeks as the government has slightly slackened its censorship of Western culture due to upheavels in position.
In the United States, he begins to question the Chinese Communist Party dictates upon which he has been raised. America is not filled with filthy-looking capitalists, and the sheer wealth and size of the buildings and the people clearly indicate that China is the poverty stricken country, not America. However, he knows this sentiment is too dangerous to be spoken, and upon return to China, even though he loved every bit of America, he tones it down and recites some Communist propaganda for the report to be filed so he can return in two months time. However, despite the lies, the government refuses to let him return to the U.S. Three months later, he manages to get his visa and goes—this time for a full year dancing in the Houston Ballet. He starts a secret romance with aspiring American dancer, Elizabeth Mackey, keeping it a secret so his government doesn't find out and send him back. He is quickly promoted to soloist position and allowed five more months. In the last month, Cunxin is reluctant to leave, so he and Elizabeth rush their marriage so that Cunxin can remain in the United States indefinitely, thus avoiding a defection which may have consequences for his family. Visiting the Chinese Consulate to announce his decision while trying to prevent the sure backlash on Stevenson, the resident Chinese diplomat forcibly detains Li in attempt to coerce his return to China; when he continues to refuse to go willingly, the Party agrees to release and allow him to stay, but revokes his citizenship and declares he can never return to the land of his birth. Full of concern for his family, Cunxin continues to dance, but his relationship with Elizabeth ends in divorce, and he cites his youth and cultural differences as the reason. 
Cunxin is quickly promoted to principal dancer status, making numerous premieres and winning awards, but severely injured his back, putting him out of commission for over two months. Despite the setback, he continues dancing, and soon after, the Chinese government allowed his parents to come to America to visit him after six years of being cut off from his family. They arrive to watch him in the Nutcracker, and sob as they reunite, and the audience gives a standing ovation. Li meets and marries Australian ballerina Mary McHendry, and they finally go back to his old village. Cunxin meets with his old Teacher Xiao, and performs for him and his parents, but feels an inexplicable amount of guilt for the huge difference in how he lives and how the rest of the village lives, but consoles himself in thinking that he has fulfilled all his mother ever wanted for him. They return to America and continue dancing.
Sophie, Cunxin and Mary's second child, is born profoundly deaf, to their devastation. Mary gives up her career to take care of her, and Sophie has led a normal life because of it, also taking dance classes in following in her parents footsteps. They go on to have two more children, perfectly healthy, but decide to move to Mary's home country, Australia. Their farewell performance, Romeo and Juliet, is broadcast live throughout China to five million viewers. In Australia, he keeps dancing, but also gets a job managing one of the largest stock brokerage firms in Australia. He continues to visit his mother and his village, never forgetting where he came from.
Film adaptation.
Li's autobiography has been adapted into a feature film directed by Bruce Beresford. It had its debut screening at the Toronto International Film Festival on 13 September 2009 and had premiere screenings in Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide and Brisbane. These premiere screenings allowed guests to meet the stars of the film, and all money raised was donated to the Australian Ballet and the Bionic Ear Institute. The film was released theatrically on 1 October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19271421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271421" title="Othman Ibn Al Huwaireth">
Othman Ibn Al Huwaireth

Othman Ibn Al Huwaireth was one of the Arab of Quraysh tribe who, before Islam, had adopted the view that people should not be pagan and should worship the god of Abraham as mentioned in the books. He said several poems to support this direction. He is believed to have died in around 605 CE five years before the start of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="19271432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271432" title="F41">
F41

F41, F.41 or F-41 may refer to:
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19271481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271481" title="Corny">
Corny

Corny can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19271498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271498" title="Kammerer">
Kammerer

Kammerer is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional character:

</doc>
<doc id="19271500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271500" title="Terry Barker">
Terry Barker

Terry Barker is a British economist and Director of the Cambridge Centre for Climate Change Mitigation Research (4CMR) part of the Department of Land Economy, University of Cambridge. He is also a member of the Tyndall Centre, the Chairman of Cambridge Econometrics (a company he co-founded in 1985), and chairman of the Cambridge Trust for New Thinking in Economics, which is a charitable organisation with a mission to promote new approaches to solving economic problems.
Career.
After obtaining his degree in Edinburgh University, Barker worked as a research officer at the Department of Applied Economics, University of Cambridge, with Professor Sir Richard Stone, the Nobel Laureate in economics. The main research undertaken during this period was the Cambridge Growth Project, a project to develop computer software to construct a computational model of the British Economy. The project, initially directed by Richard Stone, whom Barker succeeded as director in 1983, coordinated a research team including economists such as Mervyn King, Angus Stewart Deaton and Jeremy Bray. In 1985 Barker co-founded Cambridge Econometrics.
Barker has overseen a continuation of the research into the application of computing to econometric modelling, in particular the theory and application of large-scale economy-energy-environment (E3) models. Using such E3 models, he has been able to apply empirical analysis to international trade theory and to policies for the mitigation of greenhouse gases. In the course of this research, he has also held various positions under the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, including Coordinating Lead Author (CLA), and he was one of the contributors named by the IPCC when it won (jointly with Al Gore) the Nobel Peace Prize for 2007. In 2009 he presented a speech to COP 15 – the UNFCCC Conference of Parties event in Copenhagen.
Views.
Barker has stated that the climate change problem requires urgent action aimed at decarbonising the world economy. He has been supportive of Barack Obama's Green New Deal, stating that "If all G-20 countries adopted a 'green New Deal' similar to the one proposed by President Obama, the world economy would be greatly strengthened, especially the sectors producing low-carbon technologies ... Where many current calculations get it wrong is in the assumption that more stringent mitigation measures will necessarily raise the overall cost, especially when there is substantial unemployment and underuse of capacity as there is today." He has expressed the view that tougher restrictions for greenhouse gas emissions may, if done properly, actually have a positive macroeconomic effect: "There is some evidence that harder greenhouse-gas targets and regulation may actually increase benefits through improved innovation and distribution of low-carbon technologies, and increased revenues from taxes or permits. These revenues can be spent to further support new technology and to lower other indirect taxes, ensuring the fiscal neutrality of these measures."

</doc>
<doc id="19271503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271503" title="Hague Initiative for Law and Armed Conflict">
Hague Initiative for Law and Armed Conflict

The Hague Initiative for Law and Armed Conflict is an initiative of the Netherlands Red Cross and the T.M.C. Asser Instituut. Its goal is to bring all actors in the field of International Humanitarian Law in the Netherlands together, and to disseminate International Humanitarian Law through different activities. 
Recently, HILAC has joined forces with the Amsterdam Center for International Law of the University of Amsterdam.
The Hague Initiative for Law and Armed Conflict organizes a monthly lecture series, speakers in 2008 include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19271508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271508" title="Awakino River">
Awakino River

The Awakino River is a river located in the North Island of New Zealand. It has been described as one of the great rivers in the North Island providing top-quality backcountry fishing. It holds excellent stocks of rainbow trout and brown trout in a beautiful setting. Awakino township lies on its river banks.
River route.
The river rises in the rugged bush country of the King Country and flows south via the settlement of Mahoenui from where it runs alongside State Highway 3 to the Tasman Sea at Awakino.

</doc>
<doc id="19271530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271530" title="Swingin' for Schuur">
Swingin' for Schuur

"Swingin' for Schuur" is a 2001 album by Diane Schuur and Maynard Ferguson, accompanied by his Big Bop Nouveau big band.

</doc>
<doc id="19271539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271539" title="Bob Isherwood">
Bob Isherwood

Bob Isherwood is an Australian businessman, noted for his role as the Worldwide Creative Director of Saatchi & Saatchi from 1996 until he resigned in November 2008. He cited as his reason for resigning that, after helping reinvent the company, he needed to reinvent himself. He added that he wanted 'another life in his lifetime' and that he was 'open for business'.
Background.
Leaving school at thirteen, Isherwood became an apprentice motor mechanic which he hated. Isherwood was given a place at RMIT to study Advertising Art, thanks to the intervention of Victor Greenhalgh – the head of department. Recognising what an enormous difference Victor’s decision made to his own life, Isherwood has established the Victor Greenhalgh scholarship programme for underprivileged students at RMIT.
Career.
Isherwood was appointed Worldwide Creative Director of Saatchi & Saatchi in 1996. Under his leadership the Network won almost 8,000 significant creative awards.
Isherwood was responsible for the Saatchi & Saatchi Award for World Changing Ideas. Isherwood was also the presenter of the Saatchi & Saatchi New Directors’ Showcase at the annual Cannes International Advertising Festival.
In 2009 Bob Isherwood was the Creative Chairman for the UN/IAA Climate Change Initiative. www.Hopenhagen.org [http://www.hopenhagen.org/]
He is currently an Adjunct Professor of Managerial Studies at Vanderbilt University.
Awards.
Isherwood won Australia’s first Gold Lion award for Cinema at the Cannes International Advertising Festival. He has also won a British Design and Art Direction gold award for Advertising. 
In addition, he has been named Australia’s Leading Creative Director. He has received the Clio Lifetime Achievement Award. [http://www.clioawards.com/] and has been inducted into the Clio Hall of Fame. He is also a member of RMIT’s Acclaimed Alumni. And received the first ever Honorary Doctorate in Communications from RMIT in 2007. He was inducted into the Australian Writers and Art Directors Hall of Fame, August 2009.
Bibliography.
[http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/0955304601]
Palazzo Editions
ISBN 0-9553046-0-1
ISBN 13: 978 – 0955304606
[http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/0823065626]
Rotovision
ISBN – 10: 0823065626
ISBN – 13: 978 - 0823065622
[http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/3822840270]
Taschen – GmbH
ISBN – 10: 3822840270
ISBN – 13: 978 – 3822840276
[http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/3822840297]
Taschen – GmbH
Not Yet Available
[http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/0953812804]
Te Neues Publishing Co.
ISBN – 10: 0953812804
ISBN – 13: 9780953812806
Published by Wiley
ISBN – 10: 047082106X
ISBN – 13: 978 – 0470821060

</doc>
<doc id="19271546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271546" title="School of Computing (Robert Gordon University)">
School of Computing (Robert Gordon University)

The Robert Gordon University's School of Computing Science and Digital Media is one of the four schools in the Faculty of Design and Technology at The Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland and offers a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses. The School has been recognised as the best computer science department of any UK modern university in the Good University Guide 2009.
The School's research areas include Information Retrieval and Interaction, Knowledge Based Systems, Computational Intelligence, Graphics and Imaging, and Mathematics for Computing and Engineering. Much of its research is encompassed by SmartWeb, a centre of excellence on intelligent computing technologies and their application to new types of Web-based systems and services. A new £1 million purpose-designed Computing Technologies Research Centre has recently been opened.

</doc>
<doc id="19271559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271559" title="Happy Together (1989 American film)">
Happy Together (1989 American film)

Happy Together is a 1989 American romantic comedy film starring Patrick Dempsey and Helen Slater. The film was marketed with the taglines, "Roommates by accident...lovers by choice", and "How do I love thee, Let me count the ways...". Brad Pitt, in one of his first roles, has a part in the film.
Plot.
Christopher (Dempsey) is a very serious minded young man. Enrolling into college as a freshman he finds his roommate is someone named Alex. Alex (Slater), however, is not male but female and the two have been placed together by a computer error. Christopher finds the pairing intolerable and tries his best to find another place to live. The dorms are full and he is resigned, at least for the time being, to make the best of his current situation. Alex, a seemingly extroverted party girl, shows little interest in academics and treats Christopher as if he is simply an annoyance to be brushed aside whenever need be. 
As fate intervenes, the two slowly begin to realize that they do like one another after all which manifests itself into a sexual relationship wherein each finds a need filled by the other.

</doc>
<doc id="19271561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271561" title="Holly Dale">
Holly Dale

Holly Dale (born December 23, 1953; Toronto) is a Canadian film and television director and film producer. She received a Gemini Award in 2008 for Best Direction in a Dramatic Series ("Durham County"). 
Dale and Janis Cole operate the Toronto-based independent production company Spectrum Films, and shared a Genie Award for "P4W: Prison for Women", a 1981 documentary about Canada's only prison for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19271562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271562" title="School of Computing">
School of Computing

School of Computing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19271570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271570" title="Saca Chispas">
Saca Chispas

Saca Chispas is a populated place in Paysandú Department, Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="19271599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271599" title="Alexios Komnenos (co-emperor)">
Alexios Komnenos (co-emperor)

Alexios Komnenos, latinised as Alexius Comnenus (), was the eldest son of the Byzantine emperor John II Komnenos and his wife Eirene of Hungary. He was born in February 1106 at Balabista in Macedonia, was made co-emperor with his father at 16 or 17 years of age and died on 2 August 1142 at Attalia, Pamphylia. He was an elder brother of the emperor Manuel I Komnenos, and had a twin sister, Maria Komnene (plus other siblings).
Life.
Alexios was made co-emperor by his father in 1122, but died in 1142. This was the year before his father's death as the result of a hunting accident. The reign of John II is less well chronicled than those of his father, Alexios I, or successor, Manuel I, and coverage of the life of his son Alexios is very sparse.
A panegyrical poem by Theodore Prodromos was addressed to John and his son on the occasion of the coronation of Alexios. It hailed both rulers as "kings born of kings and emperors, reformers of old customs and privileges, with whom the august throne and sceptre-bearing are a paternal acquisition, a matter of inheritance."
His final illness is described: "...of the severest kind and of short duration, took the form of a rushing fever attacking the head as though it were an acropolis." The location of Alexios' death, at Attalia, suggests that he was on campaign with his father, who had established this city as a base from which to pacify the inland areas around Lake Pousgousē (probably the modern Beyşehir Gölü). Alexios' younger brother Andronikos was charged with escorting the body back to Constantinople, however, while discharging this duty, he too was taken ill and died.
Family.
The identity of his wife is uncertain. It is possible he was married twice, the first wife being Dobrodjeja Mstislavna of Kiev, a daughter of Mstislav I of Kiev, and the second being Kata of Georgia, a daughter of David IV of Georgia. While both women are known to have married members of the Komnenoi family, several theories have been suggested as to the identities of their husband or husbands.
His daughter Maria Komnene married the "pansebastos" Alexios Axuch. He was the son of John Axuch, the "megas domestikos" (commander-in-chief of the Byzantine army), who was a close friend of John II. Alexios Axuch served as Duke of Cilicia and "protostrator". However he eventually fell out of favor with Manuel I Komnenos in 1167. John Kinnamos and Niketas Choniates report that the accusations against him included practice of witchcraft. He and an unnamed "Latin" wizard were accused of causing the pregnancy of Maria of Antioch, the Empress consort, to result in a miscarriage. They supposedly managed to do so by providing drugs to Maria. Alexios ended his life as a monk. Maria Komnene, "wife of Alexios the "protostrator"" was mentioned in a seal. According to the "Dictionnaire historique et Généalogique des grandes familles de Grèce, d'Albanie et de Constantinople" (1983) by Mihail-Dimitri Sturdza, this Maria was suffering from insanity by the end of her life.
They were the parents of John Komnenos "the Fat", a short-lived rival emperor to Alexios III Angelos. Theodora Axuchina, wife of Alexios I of Trebizond, is considered a possible daughter of John the Fat.

</doc>
<doc id="19271618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271618" title="Tsukuba International School">
Tsukuba International School

Tsukuba International School (つくばインターナショナルスクール, TIS) is a private, non-profit school for English-speaking children in Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan. It was established by the foreign community in 1992 in response to the need for an English education option for foreign students in the area. The school currently includes a pre school, elementary school, middle school, and high school (Pre Kindergarten to Grade 10). As of April 2013, the school had about 90 students in 10 classes, with 11 full-time teachers and 9 part-time teachers.
Tsukuba International School is a member of the Japan Council of International Schools (since 1998) and is recognized as an incorporated school (学校法人) by the Ibaraki Prefecture government. In November 2011, it received authorization to offer the Primary Years Programme (PYP) of the International Baccalaureate (IB). It is the twelfth school in Japan to offer the IB PYP and the 22nd IB World School in the country.
The school is located in the Kamigo region of Tsukuba Science City and the closest stations are Banpaku Kinen Koen on the Tsukuba Express Line and Mitsuma on the Joso Line.

</doc>
<doc id="19271626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271626" title="Ștefan Iordache">
Ștefan Iordache

Ştefan Iordache (3 February 1941 – 14 September 2008) was a Romanian actor. 
Iordache was born in Calafat. In 2006, he was voted the best actor in Romania. He died, aged 67, in Vienna, Austria.
Films.
"Ticalosii" (2007) ... Didi Sfiosu <BR>
Faraonul (2004) <BR>
Omul zilei (1997) <BR>
... aka The Man of the Day (International: English title) <BR>
Eu Adam (1996) <BR>
... aka Eu sunt Adam (Romania) <BR>
... aka My Name Is Adam <BR>
"The Earth's Most Beloved Son" (1993) ... Victor Petrini <BR>
Oglinda (1993) <BR>
... aka Începutul adevarului (Romania) <BR>
... aka The Mirror (International: English title: literal title) <BR>
Hotel de lux (1992) <BR>
... aka Luxury Hotel (Europe: English title) <BR>
Cei care platesc cu viata (1991) ... Serban Saru-Sinesti <BR>
... aka Those Who Pay with Their Lives <BR>
Noiembrie, ultimul bal (1989) <BR>
... aka The Last Ball in November <BR>
Printul negru (1988) (TV) <BR>
Clipa de ragaz, O (1986) <BR>
... aka A Spare Moment (International: English title) <BR>
Ciuleandra (1985) <BR>
Glissando (1985) <BR>
Concurs (1982) <BR>
... aka Contest (USA: literal English title) <BR>
... aka Orienteering (USA: subtitle) <BR>
De ce trag clopotele, Mitica? (1981) ... Mitica <BR>
... aka Why Are the Bells Ringing, Mitica? <BR>
Inghititorul de sabii (1981) <BR>
Intoarce-te si mai priveste o data (1981) <BR>
... aka Turn Back and Look Again <BR>
Pruncul, petrolul si Ardelenii (1981) ... Johnny Brad <BR>
... aka The Oil, the Baby and the Transylvanians <BR>
Buna seara, Irina (1980) <BR>
... aka Good Evening, Irina (International: English title) <BR>
Bietul Ioanide (1979) <BR>
... aka Memories from an Old Chest of Drawers <BR>
Avaria (1978) <BR>
Doctorul Poenaru (1978) ... The Lawyer <BR>
... aka Doctor Poenaru <BR>
Editie speciala (1978) <BR>
... aka Special Issue <BR>
Proprietarii (1973) <BR>
... aka The Owners <BR>
Adio, draga Nela! (1972) <BR>
Film cu o fata fermecatoare, Un (1966) <BR>
... aka A Charming Girl <BR>
Calea Victoriei sau cheia visurilor (1965) <BR>
Gaudeamus igitur (1965) <BR>
Strainul (1964) ... Andrei Sabin <BR>
... aka The Stranger

</doc>
<doc id="19271633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271633" title="Albanian communities in Greece">
Albanian communities in Greece

Albanians in Greece are divided into distinct communities as a result of different waves of migration. Albanians first migrated into Greece during late Middle Ages (late 13th century). The descendants of populations of Albanian origin who settled in Greece during the Middle Ages are the Arvanites, who have been fully assimilated into the Greek nation and self-identify as Greeks. Today, they still maintain their distinct subdialect of Tosk Albanian, known as Arvanitika. 
The Cham Albanians are a group that also migrated to Greece during the same period and formerly inhabited coastal parts of Epirus, in northwestern Greece. They were expelled from Epirus during World War II after large parts of their population collaborated with the Axis occupation forces, while Greek Orthodox Chams remained in Greece and have assimilated into the Greek nation. 
Alongside these two groups, a large wave of economic migrants from Albania entered Greece after the fall of Communism (1991) and forms the largest expatriate community in the country.
Cham Albanians.
Groups of Albanians first settled in Epirus during the late Middle Ages. Some of their descendants form the Cham Albanians, which formerly inhabited the coastal regions of Epirus, largely corresponding to Thesprotia. The Chams are primarily distinguished from other Albanian groups by their distinct dialect of Tosk Albanian, the Cham dialect, which is among the most conservative of the Albanian dialects. During the rule of the Ottoman Empire in Epirus, many Chams converted to Islam, while a minority remained Greek Orthodox. 
Expulsion.
When Epirus joined Greece in 1913, following the Balkan Wars, Muslim Chams lost the privileged status they enjoyed during Ottoman rule and were subject to discrimination from time to time. During World War II, large parts of the Muslim Chams collaborated with the Axis occupation forces, committing atrocities against the local population. In 1944, when the Axis withdrew, many Muslim Chams fled to Albania or were forcibly expelled by the EDES resistance group.
Arvanites.
In addition to the formerly sizeable communities in Epirus, there exist in Greece communities of Albanian origin who no longer identify as such. Although they retain a distinct Arvanitic ethnical identity, nationally they identify as Greeks. These are communities created by Albanian settlers during the Middle Ages (Arvanites) and during the first half of 20th century (Albanian-speakers of Northeastern Greece). Today they retain their dialect of the Albanian language and cultural similarities with Albanians, but refuse any national connection with them and do not consider themselves an ethnic minority.
Arvanites.
The main part of this groups is composed of the Southern Greek dialectological group of Arbëreshë speakers, known as Arvanites. They are a population group in Greece of, ultimately Albanian origin who traditionally speak Arvanitika, a form of Tosk Albanian. They settled in Greece during the late Middle Ages and were the dominant population element of some regions in the south of Greece until the 19th century. Arvanites today self-identify as Greeks and have largely assimilated into mainstream Greek culture. Arvanitika is endangered due to language shift towards Greek and large-scale internal migration to the cities in recent decades.
Albanian-speakers of Western Thrace.
Another small group is to be found in northeastern Greece, in Greek Macedonia and Western Thrace along the border with Turkey, as a result of migration during the early 20th century. They speak the Northern Tosk subbranch of Tosk Albanian and are descendants of the Orthodox Albanian population of Eastern Thrace who were forced to migrate during the Population exchange between Greece and Turkey in the 1920s. They are known in Greece as "Arvanites", a name applied to all groups of Albanian origin in Greece, but which primarily refers to the southern dialectological group of "Arbëreshë". The Albanian-speakers of Western Thrace and Macedonia use the common Albanian self-appellation, "Shqiptar".
Albanian (Arvanitika) speaking communities in Northwestern Greece.
The small Arvanite-speaking communities in Epirus and the Florina regional unit are considered part of the Greek nation:
A small community is concentrated in the Ioannina regional unit, where they form a majority in two villages of the Konitsa district. This population speaks the Lab branch of the Albanian language. The city of Ioannina in the past had a substantial minority of Albanian-speakers, where a dialect intermediate between Cham and Lab was spoken . Notable Albanian writer, publicist and politician, Faik Konica, and his brother, Mehmet Konica, former Albanian Foreign Minister, were both born in Konitsa. 
Another small group of Albanian-speakers, speakers of a Northern Tosk Albanian dialect is to be found in the villages Drosopigi, Flampouro, Lechovo in Florina regional unit.
Immigrants.
After the fall of the communist regime in Albania in late 1990 and early 1991, a large number of economic immigrants from Albania arrived in Greece, mostly illegally, and seeking employment. Recent economic migrants from Albania are estimated to account for 60-65% of the total number of immigrants in the country. According to the 2001 census, there are 443,550 holders of Albanian citizenship in Greece.
References.
http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Albanian_communities_in_Greece&action=edit

</doc>
<doc id="19271636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271636" title="Christopher Rowden Hill">
Christopher Rowden Hill

Chris Hill (born December 25, 1946) is a photographer from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Early life.
Born on Christmas Day 1946 he was the second child to parents Verner and Margaret Hill. He has 2 brothers, Eric and Charles and one sister, Elizabeth.
Although training to go into the family’s clothing business, he developed an early passion for photography at the age of 14, often taking photographs of bands at school dances and selling prints to his friends the next day.
He once photographed The Beatles and sold the pictures around the local schools, making himself “a small fortune”
He was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution Prep school Inchmarlo and then RBAI itself.
Upon leaving school he became a member of the Old Boy association Instonians and a regular player for their rugby team up until his mid-thirties.
Career.
In 1978 he left the family firm to set up Christopher Hill Photographic, specialising in sports and theatre photography, and later all aspects of commercial photography including advertising, fashion, still life and architectural.
Winning several awards boosted his career, including Sports Photograph of the Year 1977 & 1978, from the Sports Council of Northern Ireland
But it is in his landscape photography that Hill has really made a name for himself, regularly shooting assignments for the National Trust and the Northern Ireland Tourist Board.
Over the years has shot many beautiful photographs of Ireland, with which he started one of Ireland's leading photographic libraries: Scenic Ireland.
The library, the largest independent photographic library in Ireland, now contains over 13,000 images of Irish landscapes and cityscapes
In December 2008 he launched the first in his series of books entitled "Scenic Ireland" covering the province of Ulster.

</doc>
<doc id="19271678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271678" title="Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Library">
Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Library

Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Library (, "Khudā Bakhsh Mashriqī Kitāb Khāna") is one of the national libraries of India. It was opened to public in October, 1891 by Khan Bahadur Khuda Bakhsh with 4,000 manuscripts, of which he inherited 1,400 from his father Maulvi Mohammed Bakhsh. It is an autonomous organization under Ministry of Culture, Government of India, and is governed by a Board with the Governor of Bihar as its "ex officio" Chairman, and is known for its rare collection of Persian and Arabic manuscripts. It also hosts paintings made during the Rajput and Mughal eras of India. 
It is also a designated 'Manuscript Conservation Centre' (MCC) under the National Mission for Manuscripts.
History.
The library finds its origin in private collection of a bibliophile Mohammad Bakhsh and expanded by his son Khuda Bakhsh, who inherited 1,400 manuscripts and continued to add to the collection and eventually converted it into a private library by 1880. The library was opened to public upon its inauguration by Sir Charles Elliot, Governor of Bengal on 5 October 1891. In 1969 through a Federal Legislation, an Act of Parliament, namely 'Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library Act (1969), the Government of India declared Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library a centre of national importance and government took over the funding, maintenance and development of the library. Today it continues to attract scholars from all over the world.
Past directors of the library have been Dr. Abid Reza Bedar, who after remaining with the Raza Library, came as Director to the institution in 1972, and did some important work towards reviving the library along with his successor Habibur Rehman Chighani, at present the Director of the library is the Dr. Imtiaz Ahmad, since February, 2004. It is on its way to become the country's first library to computerize its hand written collection for universal dissemination.
Collection.
Some of the notable manuscripts are "Timur Nama" ("Khandan--Timuria"), "Shah Nama", "Padshah Nama", "Diwan-e-Hafiz" and "Safinatul Auliya", carrying the autograph of Mughal Emperors and princes and the book of Military Accounts of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. Apart from it the library also has specimens of Mughal paintings, calligraphy and book decoration and Arabic and Urdu manuscripts, including a page of Quran written on deer skin.

</doc>
<doc id="19271682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271682" title="Bryntail lead mine">
Bryntail lead mine

Bryntail lead mine is a disused lead mine near Llanidloes in Powys, Wales. It is in the care of Cadw. 
There were three main shafts, Murray's, Gundry's and Western shaft. The majority of the scheduled buildings on the site are associated with Gundry's shaft, including a barytes mill, two crushing houses, ore bins, roasting ovens and water tanks. On the eastern dressing floor are jigger box placements, three buddles, two more ore bins and washing and picking floors. Other mine buildings include the manager's office, smithy, store buildings and a circular magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19271687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271687" title="Domenico Capuano">
Domenico Capuano

Born as Domenico Capuano, known professionally as Dom Capuano, also as Domenico "Mimmo" Capuano is an Italian music producer, composer. He broke through as a producer and songwriter in the mid to late 1990s after crafting a string of hits for pop artists like the Eiffel 65, Da Blitz, the DJ Gabry Ponte and the German Pop Band of Karmah, also has collaborated with several international artist including: Jean Michel Jarre, Kool & The Gang, Laura Pausini, 883, Aqua. Zucchero, Nek, Andreas Johnson, Alphaville, Toni Braxton, S Club 7 and more..
Early life and career.
He studied music, in particular the doublebass at the G. Verdi Conservatory of Music in Turin Italy. He is also a piano player, composer and orchestral conductor. His musical career is divided into two parallel paths, in that the recordings and in the academic circuit.
Since the early 90's has established itself as a composer and record producer, music producer and is considered a "success, and in step with the times" due to its continuous research and experimental sound manic.
Over the years he has composed and produced some hits record.
In 1993 composed "Let me be" giving away so the career of the Da Blitz. (Maximum number 11 position In 1994 and again for "Take My Way" [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ikb-k87hxE
As a composer and arranger enters with the Da Blitz repeatedly in the Italian charts with "Let Me Be" and "Stay with Me" which eventually reached the position number 1 (source: hitparadeitalia The Da Blitz will be in the standings again with the songs "Movin 'On" (Max Pos # 4 [4) "Take Me Back" (Max Pos # 4 and "I Believe" (Max Pos.#8 [http://www.hitparadeitalia.it/hp_yends/hpe1996.htm)
3 times platinum with over 3 million copies sold in the U.S. (certified RIAA), 2 Platinum and 3 gold in Europe with over 1,500,000 copies (source: Bliss Corporation) for composing Move Your Body of Eiffel 65, in addition to other awards, reaching over 10 millions of copies worldwide. He also received gold discs wi the Blitthz, Gabry Ponte, Karmah (2 in Germany, 2 in UK, 6 in Italy including for the single "Let Me Be" from the Blitz, 1 France, 1 Spain) 
The album of Europop Eiffel 65 gets Pos # 4 of the U.S. charts by selling a total of 3,800,000 copies (source: BlissCo. also getting good reviews in the American press (Ref: Pop Matters [http://www.popmatters.com/music/reviews/e/eiffel65-europop.shtml, Entertainment Weekly All Music [http://www.allmusic.com/album/r447896)
also with Eiffel 65 project getting good reviews in the American press, the Eiffel 65 received the Grammy Awards Nomination in the 2001(source: Universal ), also Move Your Body was played in the Music Award in Montecarlo in the 2000, in front at an VIP audience hall, included Mariah Carey and Michael Jackson (source: Universal [http://www.universalmusic.it/pop/artisti/artista.php?ids=3664 ).
He has also collaborated, produced and remixed songs for numerous artists of national and international level including: Jean Michel Jarre, Kool & The Gang, Laura Pausini, 883, Max Pezzali, Aqua. Zucchero, Nek, Andreas Johnson, Alphaville, Toni Braxton, S Club 7.
Collaborated to the production of 2 albums of the DJ Gabry Ponte, "Doctor Jekyll and Mr. DJ" and "Gabry Ponte" both released by Universal Italy, entering the national rankings (source: HitParadeItalia (source: HitParadeItalia [http://www.hitparadeitalia.it/hp_yends/hpe2002.htm ) (source: [http://www.hitparadeitalia.it/hp_yends/hpe2003.htm]).
In 'Summer 2007 knew the Dari that begin an artistic collaboration as artistic producer and co-author of the songs, so a little later in February 2008 with DARI achieves Success with the song "Wale (Tanto Wale)". After the success of Wale with Dari and with the 'label' Fondazione Sonora" received some awards including: Award of the 2008 Meeting of Independent Labels, Clips Italian Prize in 2008 as" Video revelation of the Year "for" Wale "of Dari. The DARI also won 2 MTV TRL Awards in 2008 as "Best New Artist" and 2009 "Best Look).
In 2010 Capuano has produced the "Salentino" Rock band of the "Fonokit" where by in 2011 receive positive feedback.
Hollywood Film scoring.
After few soundtracks like "Ninja Turtles" and some short in the 2011 has moved in Los Angeles to improve his experience as film composer.
He composed the music for the movie "The Sleeping Warrior" and later 2012 the soundtrack for "The Solid State". (source: Imdb [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3816365/maindetails])
Discography.
Singles.
Selected Singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19271691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271691" title="Charron (automobile)">
Charron (automobile)

Charron was a French automobile manufacturer, based in the Paris conurbation, and active between 1906 and 1930. 
Although the company Automobiles Charron Limited was established (with a large injection of British finance) only in 1906 (and registered in 1907), its origins go back to a business founded in 1901 called Automobiles Charron, Girardot et Voigt (C.G.V.). 
Fernand Charron.
Fernand Charron was born in 1866. Before turning his attention to automobiles, through the 1890s, he was a leading racing cyclist. However, he then became a successful racing driver, with several wins, driving a Panhard, during 1898.
Automobiles Charron, Girardot et Voigt (CGV).
Charron was swept up by the automobile craze, and in 1901, in partnership with Léonce Girardot and Emile Voigt, he established a company called Automobiles Charron, Girardot et Voigt (CGV), at 7 rue Ampère in Puteaux, approximately from the central Paris. In 1905 the company had capital of 2 franc million.
All change.
Girardot resigned in 1906 and Charron left the company in the same year; but with the help of a major cash contribution from investors in England he was able to found Automobiles Charron Limited, the factory and administrative offices at the same location in Puteaux as before. The suffix at the end of the manufacturer's new name nevertheless reflected its legal status as a London based company with a head office at 32 Old Jewry, in London.
Charron's commitment to the cars that bore his name was less than whole-hearted at this time. In 1908 Charron himself joined Clément-Bayard, where he both married and divorced the boss's youngest daughter, Jeanne Clément-Bayard, and worked as manager of the factory at Levallois-Perret. Shortly before the outbreak of the war, he seriously contemplated selling the Puteaux factory, but instead he used it to build cars for Alda, another automobile company, which he had set up in 1912.
Thanks to purchases by the army, the Charron company made it through the war.
After the war.
After peace broke out Charron, not without difficulty, divested himself of the Alda business, selling it in 1920 to the Compagnie Générale d'Électricité (CGE) who would continue with the brand, selling cars produced at the Farman automobile factory, for almost another year. 
Fernand Charron now concentrated on the cars that carried his own name. By 1919 the company was offering seven models, though it is not clear if these were all production ready, and a year later the range was down to a more sustainable three models.
Through the 1920s Charron was one of the many automakers operating in the Paris area. A certain restlessness seems to have been an enduring feature of Fernand Charron's business strategy, and by the time of the 19th Paris Motor Show, at which the manufacturer displayed a somewhat lacklustre trio of cars, Charron's own energies were focused on a Citroën dealership which he had recently acquired. It was also reported that he had recently acquired a significant chunk of the share capital in this rapidly expanding "quai de Javel" auto-maker, whose pioneering role in introducing mass production to France was now placing increasing pressure on the country's smaller auto-makers.
Towards the end of the decade, however, the economics of auto-production were changing, and by the late 1920s production was running down as the larger French auto-makers were able to out compete the many second tier manufacturers: 1930 was the final year of production.
The cars.
Pre-war.
In 1908 Charron introduced their own types but some of the Charron, Girardot et Voigt models were still listed up to 1912. The largest now was a 6782 cc 30hp and the smallest an 8hp 1205 cc twin cylinder. All the cars were available with shaft drive and the small 8hp had a dashboard radiator of the type made familiar by Renault. This was to feature across the range in 1909.
A six cylinder 3617 cc 30hp joined the range in 1910 and a new small 845 cc Charronette appeared in 1914.
1919 Motor show.
Regardless of the number of different models listed, at the 15th Paris Motor Show in October 1919 Charron exhibited on their stand just two cars:
Not on display at the show, but nevertheless announced for 1920, was a new "Charron Type A" with a 4-cylinder 2,995 cc engine and a wheelbase. 
1924 Motor Show.
Five years later the manufacturer was still taking a stand at the motor show, but by now only smaller "light cars" were on offer. Still present was the 1057 cc (6/8 HP) "Charronette". (still essentially of pre-war design). It was joined by the 1502 cc (10 HP) "Charron Type CV2" and the 1843 cc (12/14 HP) "Charron Type CV1". Most of the prices were listed as available "on application" but the little "Type TD / Charonnette" was listed at at 16,000 francs for a "Torpedo" bodied car and 18,000 francs for a "Conduite interieure" (two-box sedan/saloon/berline) version. The prices were not particularly high, but the cars were not particularly modern or inspiring.
Later years.
Four wheel brakes were added in 1925.
In 1930, the final year of production the range consisted of the 12/14CV from 1925, an enlarged Charronette and a six cylinder 1806 cc model.

</doc>
<doc id="19271712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271712" title="Nao (given name)">
Nao (given name)

Possible writings.
Nao can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19271715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271715" title="Lansdowne Avenue (SEPTA station)">
Lansdowne Avenue (SEPTA station)

Lansdowne Avenue is a stop along SEPTA's Media-Sharon Hill Trolley Lines in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. It is located at Garrett Road & Lansdowne Avenue, and serves both Routes 101 and 102. The station has two sheds with roofs where people can go inside when it is raining. One of the station's two platforms is located on the corner of Lansdowne Avenue and Winding Way.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and either Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania for the Route 101 line, or Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania for the Route 102 line. It serves as a stop for both local and express lines, and all lines run parallel to Garrett Road. The station is near a local YMCA branch and two Catholic high schools; The Monsignor Bonner High School for boys and the Archbishop Prendergast High School for girls. Lansdowne Avenue's shelters consist of a standard P&W-era stone shed on the southwest corner of the grade crossing, and an open plexiglas bus stop type shelter on the northwest corner of the grade crossing.

</doc>
<doc id="19271729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271729" title="Handball Grauholz">
Handball Grauholz

Handball Grauholz is a Swiss Handball club from Bern. It was founded in 2001 out of three original Clubs TV Zollikofen, HBC Moosseedorf and HGTV Münchenbuchsee. Twice (2005, 2008) the 1. Team reached promotion to the NLB. In Season 04/05 it reached 1/8-final of the Swiss cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19271748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271748" title="Mercedes-Benz ConceptFASCINATION">
Mercedes-Benz ConceptFASCINATION

The Mercedes-Benz ConceptFASCINATION is a concept car created in Germany by Mercedes-Benz. It was revealed to the public on September 11, 2008, and appeared at the 2008 Paris Motor Show. The shooting-brake-style concept has been designed as a preview for the next-generation (W212) Mercedes E-Class, and will likely never make production.
Precursive Design Elements.
In German car-design circles, the term 'Fascination' is used to describe a 'new direction', with various elements such as the nose and profile likely to appear on the next-generation E-Class, to be revealed at the 2009 Geneva motor show, and its derivatives, including the CLS 4-door coupé.
Mercedes-Benz director Dr Thomas Weber, responsible for research and development said,
"The show car not only demonstrates a fascinating, new design idiom, but - with our new, high-performance and economical diesel drive system using BlueTEC technology - shows that Mercedes-Benz vehicles will also set standards in the future in terms of sustainability as well as emotional appeal, driving pleasure and comfort."
Specifications.
The ConceptFASCINATION is powered by a 2.2-litre four-cylinder BlueTec turbo-diesel engine, with emissions-cutting AdBlue technology. The engine develops 152kW of power and 500Nm of torque, and is combined with a 6-speed manual gearbox. This powertrain is likely to make production in various Mercedes-Benz models by 2010.
Detailed information regarding the ConceptFASCINATION will be revealed at the Paris motor show in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19271750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271750" title="Chevrolet Orlando">
Chevrolet Orlando

The Chevrolet Orlando () (internal code J309) is a five-door, seven-seat compact MPV manufactured by GM Korea under the Chevrolet division for world-wide markets
Chevrolet Orlando Concept (2008).
It is a 5-door, 7-seat concept vehicle based on Chevrolet Cruze sedan. It included a two-tier grille, headlamps that flow into the front fenders and muscular fender forms that wrap around the wheels, 2.0L 4-cylinder turbo-diesel engine rated and .
The vehicle was unveiled in 2008 Paris Motor Show, and later in 2009 North American International Auto Show.
Chevrolet Orlando (2011-).
In August 2009, at its extended product review, GM previewed the production-spec Orlando and confirmed its production.
GM originally intended that the Orlando would go into production in the United States, however, in May 2010, GM reversed their decision. The Chevrolet Orlando sold in Canada starting in 2011 for the 2012 model year. This crossover is now being produced at the Kunsan Assembly Plant in South Korea. Orlando has been sold also in Europe since 2011.
In 2010, GM showed the GMC Granite small MPV concept, which is similar to the Orlando.
Production model was unveiled in 2010 Busan International Motor Show, followed by 2010 Paris Motor Show, 2013 North American International Auto Show.
European model went on sale in early 2011.
Engines.
Canadian models include 2.4L direct injection petrol four-cylinder engine. European models include 1.8L petrol, 2.0L diesel engines. South Korean models include 2.0L LPG and 2.0L (163PS) diesel engines.
Marketing.
As part of the Chevrolet Orlando launch in the UK, a life-sized Play-Doh clay model replica was unveiled in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19271752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271752" title="Nissan Nuvu">
Nissan Nuvu

Nissan Nuvu is a compact all-electric city car with 2+1 seating, with solar panels shaped like tree leaves on the roof that channel the sun's power through a "tree trunk" conduit in the center of the vehicle. The concept car can reach about and travel up to about on an electric charge.
More information.
Nissan's vision for the future of urban transportation is encapsulated in Nuvu, literally a 'new view' of the type of car we will be driving in the middle of the next decade. Compact – it's just 3 metres long – Nuvu is a concept vehicle with unique 2+1 seating. It is aimed at urban dwellers who don't want to compromise on their personal freedom or their comfort, yet who appreciate that there is a need for a dramatic change in the way we move around our cities.
Nuvu is an electric vehicle, is agile, easy to drive and even easier to park. It represents Nissan's commitment to electric vehicle technology, considering that Nissan has already announced that it will present a production-ready EV at the 2009 Tokyo Motor Show, with sales due to start in Japan and North America in 2010. Whilst Nuvu is not that car, it does share some of the technology that will feature in the planned production vehicle.
The vehicle shown at Paris Motor Show incorporates a witty representation of its green credentials: across its all-glass roof are a dozen or so small solar panels. Shaped like leaves on a branch, the power they generate is fed to the battery using a 'tree trunk' within the car as a conduit. Nuvu also uses natural, organic and recycled materials within the cabin.
Nuvu is compact on the outside yet roomy on the inside. Built on a unique platform, it's just 3 metres long and sits on a wheelbase of 1980 mm but is 1700 mm tall and 1550 mm wide to create a large and airy cabin.
These dimensions provide all the interior room needed for the vast majority of city journeys. Nuvu has two regular seats and a third occasional chair that can be folded down when required. But, unlike some two-seater city cars currently on the market, it is a thoroughly practical proposition with an integral luggage area providing sufficient space for a typical supermarket or shopping expedition.
"Nuvu is a concept car, for sure, but it is an entirely credible vehicle," says Francois Bancon, General Manager, Exploratory and Advanced Planning Department, Product Strategy and Product Planning Division, Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
"It is light, clean and easy to drive. It is practical and a sensible size, yet it also embodies an element of fun: the future doesn't look so bad, after all."

</doc>
<doc id="19271757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271757" title="List of blogs">
List of blogs

This is a list of notable blogs. A blog (contraction of weblog) is a web site with frequent, periodic posts creating an ongoing narrative. They are maintained by both groups and individuals, the latter being the most common. Blogs can focus on a wide variety of topics, ranging from the political to personal experiences. Specific blogs include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19271793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271793" title="Ferid Berberi">
Ferid Berberi

Ferid Berberi (born December 6, 1946 in Tirana, Albania) is an Albanian sportsman. He broke 37 National weightlifting records as an athlete and was a National Champion for 7 years from 1961-1973. As a trainer, notable students he has helped develop include Pyrros Dimas, Alexander Kondo and Ilir Suli. Ferid Berberi attended the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta and the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney as Secretary General of the Albanian Weightlifting Federation. 
He was the trainer of Dinamo Weightlifting Club, and now works as a researcher at the Albanian Weightlifting Federation's research department.

</doc>
<doc id="19271802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271802" title="Marz (country subdivision)">
Marz (country subdivision)

Armenia has country subdivisions called marz (մարզ), plural marzer (մարզեր). This Armenian word is derived from the Persian word "marz", meaning "border".
It is usually translated as province.

</doc>
<doc id="19271818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271818" title="2005 Ireland rugby union tour of Japan">
2005 Ireland rugby union tour of Japan

2005 Ireland rugby union tour of Japan. Eleven Ireland players, including their captain Brian O'Driscoll, plus their coach Eddie O'Sullivan were included in the British and Irish Lions squad for their tour of New Zealand. As a result the Ireland squad for this tour featured nine previously uncapped players and an interim coach. 
This matches were the second important appointment for Japanese team, after the tour of South America in April.
Matches.
Japan: 15.Goshi Tachikawa, 14.Daisuke Ohata , 13.Reuben Parkinson, 12.Yukio Motoki, 11.Hiroki Mizuno, 10.Kyohei Morita, 9.Wataru Murata, 8.Takuro Miuchi (capt.), 7.Ryota Asano Inose, 6.Hare Makiri, 5.Jamie Washington, 4.Takanori Kumagae, 3.Ryo Yamamura, 2.Ken Tsukagoshi, 1.Hiroshi Takahashi, - "replacements:" 17.Kenji Kasai, 18.Shigeyasu Takagi, 19.Hitoshi Ono, 20.Shota Goto, 21.Tomoaki Nakai, 22.Teppei Tomioka - "No entry :" 16.Masakazu Nakabayashi
Ireland: 15.Girvan Dempsey, 14.Tommy Bowe, 13.Gavin Duffy, 12.Kevin Maggs, 11.Anthony Horgan, 10.David Humphreys (capt.), 9.Peter Stringer, 8.Roger Wilson, 7.Johnny O'Connor, 6.Alan Quinlan, 5.Matt McCullough, 4.Leo Cullen, 3.Simon Best, 2.Frankie Sheahan, 1.Marcus Horan, - "replacements:" 16.Bernard Jackman, 17.Reggie Corrigan, 18.Trevor Hogan, 19.Eric Miller, 20.Kieran Campbell, 21.Jeremy Staunton, 22.David Quinlan 
Japan: 15.Goshi Tachikawa, 14.Daisuke Ohata, 13.Reuben Parkinson, 12.Yukio Motoki, 11.Hirotoki Onozawa, 10.Keiji Hirose, 9.Wataru Murata, 8.Takuro Miuchi (c), 7.Ryota Asano Inose, 6.Hare Makiri, 5.Takanori Kumagae, 4.Hajime Kiso, 3.Ryo Yamamura, 2.Masakazu Nakabayashi, 1.Shigeyasu Takagi , - "replacements:" 16.Ken Tsukagoshi, 17.Kenji Kasai, 18.Tomoaki Nakai, 19.Takeomi Ito, 20.Shota Goto, 21.Teppei Tomioka, 22.Ayumu Goromaru 
Ireland: 15.Girvan Dempsey, 14.Tommy Bowe, 13.Gavin Duffy, 12.David Quinlan, 11.Anthony Horgan, 10.David Humphreys (capt.), 9.Peter Stringer, 8.Eric Miller, 7.David Wallace, 6.Denis Leamy, 5.Matt McCullough, 4.Leo Cullen, 3.Simon Best, 2.Frankie Sheahan, 1.Marcus Horan, - "replacements:" 16.Bernard Jackman, 17.Reggie Corrigan, 18.Trevor Hogan, 19.Alan Quinlan, 20.Kieran Campbell, 21.Jeremy Staunton, 22.Kieran Lewis 
Touring party.
Backs.
"(*)" = international test debuts
Forwards.
"(*)" = international test debuts

</doc>
<doc id="19271821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271821" title="Argynnis pandora">
Argynnis pandora

The Cardinal ("Argynnis pandora") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is common throughout southern Europe and is also found in northern Africa and western and central Asia.
The wingspan is 64–80 mm. The butterfly flies from April to September (in Europe typically May to August) depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Viola species.

</doc>
<doc id="19271831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271831" title="Alfred Taylor (soldier)">
Alfred Taylor (soldier)

Captain Alfred James "Bulala" Taylor (1862–1941) was a soldier and farmer who fought and settled in Southern Rhodesia
Early life.
Alfred Taylor was born in Dublin on 14 November 1861, the son of William Taylor, a Dublin lawyer and Charlotte Bennett, the daughter of a Dublin auctioneer and land agent. His father died in Texas in 1877 and his mother in 1879 and at the age of 17 he had to make his own way in the world. According to his unpublished memoirs that are retained with the Pioneer Association in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe, he was a ship's engineer that sailed to India, and on his second trip from India stopped in Cape Town, where he disembarked and disappeared. It is also reported that he arrived as a youth in South Africa in 1886, and took up a post assembling machinery at the goldmines in Tati, Bechuanaland. It is also reported that he preceded the Pioneer Column to Rhodesia where he befriended Lobengula, the son of Mzilikazi. In 1889, he witnessed the Rudd Concession signed between Lobengula and the British South Africa Company.
Military career.
During the First Matabele War of 1893, he acted as a guide to Cecil Rhodes and, according to his unpublished memoirs and the "Plumtree Papers" by Mrs. Clarke, he had an argument with Rhodes whilst escorting him secretly to Bulawayo, threatening to abandon him. Fortunately, the argument was settled and the trip proceeded. In the Matabele Rebellion of 1896, he was the Commanding Officer of a portion of Colonel Plumer's Column.
Captain Taylor served as an intelligence officer during the Second Boer War and assisted in the Relief of Mafeking. He was deeply involved in the Breaker Morant saga, as he served alongside the Bushveldt Carbineers and was lucky to escape joining Morant and Handcock in front of a firing squad. During the First World War, he served in France and received The British War medal and Victory medal.. It is reported in the "Plumtree Papers" that he modestly said that he was awarded the King and Queen's medals which refers to the Boer War and he did receive the Queens and Kings South African medals for services in the Boer War. He did farm Avoca Farm near Plumtree but there is no evidence this was granted to him by Queen Victoria. 
Taylor died in 1941 and is buried in Bulawayo cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19271861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271861" title="Sviatoslav Belonogov">
Sviatoslav Belonogov

Sviatoslav Belonogov (; born 15 September 1965) is a Russian violist who is active in Tenerife, where he is mainly the Orquesta Sinfónica de Tenerife's viola soloist. He is also a viola d'amore player. 
In 1988 he won the USSR National Viola Competition, and one year later was engaged by the State Symphony Orchestra of Moscow, where he was the viola soloist - a chair he left to sign for the Russian National Orchestra as it was founded. In 1992 he recorded Giya Kancheli's "Liturgy" for viola and orchestra along with the Moscow Symphony Orchestra. In 1994 he left the National Orchestra for Vladimir Spivakov's Moscow Virtuosi chamber orchestra, where he was a soloist before he settled in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19271868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271868" title="Midori JavaScript Framework">
Midori JavaScript Framework

midori is a lightweight JavaScript library that aims to make JavaScript web development easier. It was created by Aycan Gulez.
Use.
midori consists of 10 modules and is available as a single JavaScript file. It can be included within any web page by using the following markup:
midori allows the use of standard CSS syntax to access DOM elements, and supports most CSS2 and CSS3 selectors. There are three ways to work on returned DOM elements.

</doc>
<doc id="19271890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271890" title="Epidendrum secundum">
Epidendrum secundum

Epidendrum secundum, one of the crucifix orchids, is a poorly understood reed stemmed species, which Dressler (1989) describes as "the "Epidendrum secundum" complex." According to Dressler, there are dozens of varieties, some of which appear to deserve species rank. Arditti and Ghani note that "E. secundum "has the distinction of bearing the longest seeds known in the Orchidaceae, 6.0 mm long. By comparison, the seeds of "E. ibaguense" (another crucifix orchid) are only 2.9 mm long.
Like the other members of "E." subg. "Amphiglottium", "E. secundum" is a sympodial plant which has thin stems covered from the base with imbricating sheaths which are leaf bearing above, a terminal inflorescence covered at its base with thin imbricating sheaths, and flowers with the lip adnate to the column to its apex. The flowers are non-resupinate (unlike "E. ibaguense" and "E. radicans"), can come in shades of lilac, red, orange, or yellow, and feature a notable callus on the fringed trilobate lip. The plant is rather cool-growing and can tolerate a light frost.
Diversity within the complex.
In 1861, H. R. Reichenbach presented a treatment of the genus "Epidendrum", including his view of the sub-section "Tuberculata". Correlating his list of (in Reichenbach's view) separate species with the Kew Monocot Checklist (July 16, 2009) yielded the following list of taxa "which appear to deserve species rank" that Kew checklist reviewers consider to be synonyms for "E. secundum" (the page numbers refer to Reichenbach 1861):
The diversity of "E. secundum" is further demonstrated by counts of the chromosome number (in root tissues): a lilac-flowered individual from Bolivia was found to have 2"n" = 28; a lilac-flowered individual from Santo Antônio do Itambé, Brazil, 2"n" = 52; an orange-flowered individual from Santo Antônio do Itambé, Brazil, 2"n" = 48; a lilac-flowered individual from Serra do Rio do Rastro, Brazil, 2"n" = 40; a lilac-flowered individual from Venezuela, 2"n" = 80; all in disagreement with a previously reported value of 2"n" = 68.
The Kew Monocot checklist lists many more binomials as synonyms of "E. secundum":
Names.
Although the Linnaean binomial ""Epidendrum secundum"" is well established by Jacquin's publication in his "Enumeratio" (1760) and "Selectarum" (1763), the seeming inappropriateness of his word choice has long been noted, not only by Dressler (1975) but also by Cogniaux in "Flora brasiliensis", with the listing ""Epidendrum secundum (sed floribus non secundis)" Jacq."
Unlike the illustration in "Selectarum", the inflorescence of this taxon is not secund, that is, the flowers are not all on one side of the inflorescence, are not all in one plane, nor is the plant in any way "lop sided." Rather the flowers surround the central stem of the inflorescence in a cylindrical manner, producing a highly congested raceme. Despite the generic epithet (literally "upon a tree"), "E. secundum" frequently grows terrestrially. Due to this literal inappropriateness of the name and the origin of this plant in a country where English is not the common language, any "common names" constructed by literally translating the Linnaean binomial into English are completely inappropriate: not only are such names not common, they are completely misleading. Such names include "lop sided star orchid," and "flowers all in one plane Epidendrum," among others. Nevertheless, the insistence of some database constructors that each taxon must have a common name causes such phrases to proliferate.
Occurrence.
"Epidendrum secundum" occurs in the montane forest of the Neotropics (up to 2 miles high), including Cusco, southeastern Peru and Brazil. It has also been found in disturbed roadside habitats in Picingauba, Brazil, near sea level, together with "E. fulgens" and natural hybrids between the two.

</doc>
<doc id="19271895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271895" title="Quarriers">
Quarriers

Quarriers is a Scottish social care charity based in Quarrier's Village, Inverclyde. It provides care and support for people with a disability, children and families, young people, young homeless people, people with epilepsy and carers. In February 2008 Quarriers was the largest non-church social care charity in Scotland.
The charity was founded in the late 19th Century by William Quarrier, a shoe retailer from Glasgow. In the 1890s he built the Orphan Homes of Scotland in Bridge of Weir, which were home to up to 1500 children at a time.
Changes in UK childcare practice and legislation in the 1970s and 80s led to a modernisation process, through which the organisation developed the services it delivers today and became known as Quarriers.
Quarriers’ work covers the whole of Scotland and the organisation is also involved in several international projects.
History.
The charity was founded in the late 19th Century by William Quarrier, a shoe retailer from Glasgow. Quarrier began looking after homeless children in the 1870s, opening a night refuge for homeless children in Renfrew Street, Glasgow in 1871.
He then expanded his operations, using charitable donations to buy a piece of land near Bridge of Weir, on which the Orphan Homes of Scotland were built. By the 1890s this included 34 cottages, a school, a church and a fire station – a complete working village that became known, and is still known, as Quarrier's Village.
More than 800 children at a time lived at Quarrier's Village during the 1890s and as the charity expanded, up to 1500 children were accommodated at a time. In total more than 30,000 children have been cared for at Quarrier's Village.
From 1870 to 1936, the Orphan Homes of Scotland participated in a relocation programme that sent more than 7,000 young people to new homes in Ontario, Canada where they were employed, in the main, as farm labourers.
Changes in UK childcare practice and legislation in the 1970s and 80s led to fewer children being looked after at the Orphan Homes of Scotland. The organisation was renamed Quarriers and began a modernisation process through which it developed the services it delivers today.
Current operations.
Quarriers is still based at Quarrier's Village in the civil parish of Kilmacolm, Inverclyde. Its services now cover the whole of Scotland.
In February 2008 Quarriers was the largest non-church social care charity in Scotland, as measured by annual income.
The charity provides care and support services for:
The charity is also involved in several international projects, including the Taganka Children’s Fund in Russia and Saathi, an organisation supporting women and children across Nepal.
In 2004, Quarriers won both 'Fundraiser of the Year' and the Communications Award from the Institute of Fundraising Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19271901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271901" title="Boloria aquilonaris">
Boloria aquilonaris

Ecology.
The Cranberry Fritillary "(Boloria aquilonaris)" is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Northern and Central Europe.
The wingspan is 34–40 mm. The butterfly flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Cranberry and Andromeda polifolia.

</doc>
<doc id="19271903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271903" title="Administrative divisions of Colombia">
Administrative divisions of Colombia

Colombia is a unitary republic conformed by thirty-two departments (Spanish: "departamentos", sing. "departamento") and a Capital District ("Distrito Capital"). Each department has a Governor ("gobernador") and a Department Assembly ("Asamblea Departamental"), elected by popular vote for a four-year period. The governor cannot be re-elected consecutively.
Departments are formed by a grouping of municipalities (Spanish: "municipios", sing. "municipio"). Municipal government is composed by a mayor ("alcalde") and a Municipal Council ("concejo municipal"), both of them elected by the people for a four-year period.
The Capital District is the country's capital, Bogotá. It is partially dependent on the Department of Cundinamarca that surrounds it.
Postal codes.
The postal codes in Colombia are 6 digit numeric. The first two digits are the numbers used by DANE to encode the departments, the next two in the range of 00 to 89 encode postal zones, followed by the last two encoding up to 100 postal districts. So there can be 32 * 90 * 100 = 288 000 postal zones. [http://www.4-72.com.co/content/codigos-postales].

</doc>
<doc id="19271913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271913" title="2004 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa">
2004 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa

The 2004 Ireland rugby union tour of South Africa was a series of matches played in June 2004 in South Africa by Ireland national rugby union team.
Ireland travelled to South Africa in June 2004, having won their first Triple Crown since 1985, and beaten the champions of the 2003 Rugby World Cup, England in their first home game since the final. As a result, the Irish manager, Eddie O'Sullivan, was confident that Ireland would achieve their first win over South Africa in 39 years, their only previous victory having come in Dublin in 1965.
By contrast, South Africa had just changed their coach to Jake White and he had radically changed the team for his first test since taking charge of the Springboks. The first of the two game test series was played at altitude in Bloemfontein and South Africa eventually won the match 31-17, despite the scores being level at 11-all at half time.
The second match was played in the Newlands Stadium in Cape Town, and was a closer affair. However, South Africa maintained their unbeaten record against Ireland on home soil by winning 26-17.
Matches.
Canada: 15.Gaffie du Toit, 14.Breyton Paulse, 13.Marius Joubert, 12.Wayne Julies, 11.Henno Mentz, 10.Jaco van der Westhuyzen, 9.Fourie du Preez, 8.Jacques Cronje, 7.Pedrie Wannenburg, 6.Schalk Burger , 5.Victor Matfield, 4.Bakkies Botha, 3.Eddie Andrews, 2.John Smit (capt.), 1.Os du Randt, - "replacements:" 17.CJ van der Linde, 18.Quinton Davids, 19.Gerrie Britz - "No entry :" 16.Hanyani Shimange, 19.Gerrie Britz, 20.Bolla Conradie, 21.Jaque Fourie, 22.Brent Russell
France: 15.Girvan Dempsey, 14.Shane Horgan, 13.Brian O'Driscoll (capt.), 12.Gordon D'Arcy, 11.Geordan Murphy, 10.Ronan O'Gara, 9.Peter Stringer, 8.Anthony Foley, 7.David Wallace, 6.Simon Easterby, 5.Paul O'Connell, 4.Malcolm O'Kelly, 3.John Hayes, 2.Shane Byrne, 1.Reggie Corrigan, - "replacements:" 16.Frank Sheahan, 17.Marcus Horan, 19.Alan Quinlan, 22.Kevin Maggs - "No entry:" 18.Donncha O'Callaghan, 20.Guy Easterby, 21.David Humphreys
Canada: 15.Percy Montgomery, 14.Breyton Paulse, 13.Marius Joubert, 12.Wayne Julies , 11.Jaque Fourie, 10.Jaco van der Westhuyzen, 9.Fourie du Preez, 8.Jacques Cronje, 7.Pedrie Wannenburg, 6.Schalk Burger, 5.Victor Matfield, 4.Quinton Davids, 3.Eddie Andrews, 2.John Smit (capt.), 1.Os du Randt, - "replacements:" 17.CJ van der Linde, 18.Geo Cronje, 19.Gerrie Britz, 22.Brent Russell - "No entry :" 16.Hanyani Shimange, 20.Bolla Conradie, 21.Gaffie du Toit
France: 15.Girvan Dempsey, 14.Shane Horgan, 13.Brian O'Driscoll (capt.), 12.Kevin Maggs, 11.Tyrone Howe, 10.Ronan O'Gara, 9.Peter Stringer, 8.Anthony Foley, 7.David Wallace, 6.Simon Easterby, 5.Paul O'Connell, 4.Malcolm O'Kelly, 3.John Hayes, 2.Shane Byrne, 1.Reggie Corrigan , - "replacements:" 16.Frank Sheahan, 17.Marcus Horan, 18.Alan Quinlan, 19.Donncha O'Callaghan, 20.Guy Easterby, 21.David Humphreys, 22.Gavin Duffy 

</doc>
<doc id="19271953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271953" title="Boloria chariclea">
Boloria chariclea

The Arctic Fritillary or Purplish Fritillary ("Boloria chariclea") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. It is found in the northern part of the Palearctic ecozone and the Nearctic ecozone.
Description.
The upper sides of the wings are orange-brown with small dark markings in neat rows. The underside of the forewing is orange with dark markings. The underside of the hindwing has a margin of small white spots topped with brown. Inside this are black inwardly pointing triangles with scant white areas. The median band is pale yellow-brown to rusty-brown mottled with white and with wavy, sometimes broken, black lines. 
The length of the forewings is about . The butterfly flies from July to August depending on the location.
Distribution and habitat.
The Arctic Fritillary has a Holarctic distribution. In Europe it is found in northern Lapland and Russia. In North America it is found in Alaska and much of Canada, the north Cascades, the Rocky Mountains southwards to Utah and northern New Mexico, northern Minnesota, northern Maine and the White Mountains of New Hampshire. Its typical habitat is tundra, taiga, Alpine meadows, stream verges and acid bogs.
Life cycle.
The males patrol along the edges of bogs and in valleys and wait for the arrival of females. The eggs are laid singly underneath the leaves of the host plant. In North America the larvae feed on Viola species, dwarf willows ("Salix") and possibly blueberries ("Vaccinium") while in Europe it is believed to feed on yellow wood violet ("Viola biflora") and Arctic white heather ("Cassiope tetragona"). Depending on location, the larvae take one or two years to develop into adults, newly hatched caterpillars hibernating during the first winter and fourth-stage caterpillars hibernating during the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19271983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271983" title="Livin' on Borrowed Time">
Livin' on Borrowed Time

"Livin' on Borrowed Time" is the fourth single by the post-grunge band Puddle of Mudd from their album Famous. The song reached number 15 on the mainstream rock chart and written by frontman Wesley Scantlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19271991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19271991" title="Colonia (country subdivision)">
Colonia (country subdivision)

Colonia is a country subdivision term.

</doc>
<doc id="19272010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272010" title="List of UK Indie Chart number-one singles of 2000">
List of UK Indie Chart number-one singles of 2000

These are "The Official UK Charts Company" UK Official Indie Chart number one hits of 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19272014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272014" title="Saints and Revolutionaries">
Saints and Revolutionaries

Saints and Revolutionaries is a non-fiction work by the writer and philosopher Olaf Stapledon, published by Heinemann in 1939.
The book was part of the "I Believe" series, an initiative whereby leading British intellectuals of the day could pursue an argument pertinent to the times. Stapledon's friend Naomi Mitchison also contributed a volume to the series, as did J. D. Beresford, whose 1911 novel The Hampdenshire Wonder was an inspiration for Stapledon's own novel, Odd John.
Overview.
Stapledon's book pursues themes familiar to readers of his science fiction - the universe and humanity's place in it, both personally and as a species. He argues that humanity is undergoing a period of rapid change and that our beliefs, and the nature of belief itself, are changing. 
Relation to Stapledon's other works.
To an extent, the themes and preoccupations of "Saints and Revolutionaries" can be said to be present in most of Stapledon's fiction and philosophy. However, the posthumously-published Nebula Maker is closest in theme, as its two main protagonists embody these two roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19272020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272020" title="Gaia (mythology)">
Gaia (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Gaia ( or ; from Ancient Greek , a poetical form of "Gē" Γῆ, "land" or "earth"; also Gaea, or Ge) was the personification of the Earth, one of the Greek primordial deities. Gaia was the great mother of all: the primal Greek Mother Goddess; creator and giver of birth to the Earth and all the Universe; the heavenly gods, the Titans, and the Giants were born to her. The gods reigning over their classical pantheon were born from her union with Uranus (the sky), while the sea-gods were born from her union with Pontus (the sea). Her equivalent in the Roman pantheon was Terra.
Etymology.
The Greek word "γαῖα" (trans. as "gaia" or "gaea" pronounced: Geea) is a collateral form of "γῆ" ("gē", Doric "γά" - "ga" and probably "δᾶ" "da") meaning Earth, a word of unknown origin. In Mycenean Greek "Ma-ka" (trans. as "Ma-ga": Mother Gaia) also contains the root "ga-".
Greek mythology.
Hesiod.
Hesiod's "Theogony" tells how, after Chaos, "wide-bosomed" Gaia (Earth) arose to be the everlasting seat of the immortals who possess Olympus above, and the depths of Tartarus below (as some scholars interpret it). He then tells that Gaia brought forth her equal Uranus (or Ouranos in Ancient Greek) (Heaven, Sky) to "cover her on every side" and to be the abode of the gods. Gaia also bore the hills (ourea), and Pontus (Sea), "without sweet union of love" (ie, with no father) Afterwards with Uranus, she gave birth to the Titans, as Hesiod tells it:
According to Hesiod, Gaia conceived further offspring with Uranus (Ouranos), first the giant one-eyed Cyclopes: Brontes ("Thunder"), Steropes ("Lightning") and Arges ("Bright"); then the Hecatonchires: Cottus, Briareos and Gyges, each with a hundred arms and fifty heads. As each of the Cyclopes and Hecatonchires were born, Uranus hid them in a secret place within Gaia, causing her great pain. So Gaia devised a plan. She created a grey flint (or adamantine) sickle. And Cronus used the sickle to castrate his father Uranus as he approached Gaia to have intercourse with her. From Uranus' spilled blood, Gaia produced the Erinyes, the Giants and the Meliae (ash-tree nymphs). From the testicles of Uranus in the sea came forth Aphrodite.
By her son Pontus, Gaia bore the sea-deities Nereus, Thaumas, Phorcys, Ceto, and Eurybia.
Because Cronus had learned from Gaia and Uranus, that he was destined to be overthrown by his own child, Cronus swallowed each of the children born to him by his Titan sister Rhea. But when Rhea was pregnant with her youngest child Zeus, she sought help from Gaia and Uranus. And when Zeus was born Gaia took the child into her care, and in place of Zeus, Rhea gave Cronus a stone wrapped in swaddling-clothes, which he swallowed.
With Gaia's advice Zeus defeated the Titans. But afterwards Gaia, in union with Tartarus, bore the youngest of her sons Typhon, who would be the last challenge to the authority of Zeus.
Other sources.
According to Apollodorus, Gaia and Tartarus were the parents of Echidna.
Zeus hid Elara, one of his lovers, from Hera by hiding her under the earth. His son by Elara, the giant Tityos, is therefore sometimes said to be a son of Gaia, the earth goddess.
Gaia is believed by some sources to be the original deity behind the Oracle at Delphi. Depending on the source, Gaia passed her powers on to Poseidon, Apollo, or Themis. Apollo is the best-known as the oracle power behind Delphi, long established by the time of Homer, having killed Gaia's child Python there and usurped the chthonic power. Hera punished Apollo for this by sending him to King Admetus as a shepherd for nine years.
In classical art Gaia was represented in one of two ways. In Athenian vase painting she was shown as a matronly woman only half risen from the earth, often in the act of handing the baby Erichthonius (a future king of Athens) to Athena to foster ("see" example below). In mosaic representations, she appears as a woman reclining upon the earth surrounded by a host of Carpi, infant gods of the fruits of the earth ("see" example below).
Gaia also made Aristaeus immortal.
Oaths sworn in the name of Gaia, in ancient Greece, were considered the most binding of all.
Children.
Gaia is the personification of the Earth and these are her offspring as related in various myths. Some are related consistently, some are mentioned only in minor variants of myths, and others are related in variants that are considered to reflect a confusion of the subject or association.
Interpretations.
Some modern sources, such as James Mellaart, Marija Gimbutas and Barbara Walker, claim that Gaia as Mother Earth is a later form of a pre-Indo-European Great Mother, venerated in Neolithic times. Her existence is a speculation, and controversial in the academic community. Some modern mythographers, including Karl Kerenyi, Carl A. P. Ruck and Danny Staples interpret the goddesses Demeter the "mother," Persephone the "daughter" and Hecate the "crone," as aspects of a former Great goddess identified by some as Rhea or as Gaia herself. In Crete, a goddess was worshiped as "Potnia Theron" (the "Mistress of the Animals") or simply Potnia ("Mistress"), speculated as Rhea or Gaia; the title was later applied in Greek texts to Demeter, Artemis or Athena. The mother-goddess Cybele from Anatolia (modern Turkey) was partly identified by the Greeks with Gaia, but more so with Rhea and Demeter.
Neopaganism.
Many Neopagans worship Gaia. Beliefs regarding Gaia vary, ranging from the belief that Gaia is the Earth to the belief that she is the spiritual embodiment of the earth, or the Goddess of the Earth.
Modern ecological theory.
The mythological name was revived in 1979 by James Lovelock, in "Gaia: A New Look at Life on Earth"; his Gaia hypothesis was supported by Lynn Margulis. The hypothesis proposes that living organisms and inorganic material are part of a dynamic system that shapes the Earth's biosphere, and maintains the Earth as a fit environment for life. In some Gaia theory approaches the Earth itself is viewed as an organism with self-regulatory functions. Further books by Lovelock and others popularized the Gaia Hypothesis, which was widely embraced and passed into common usage as part of the heightened awareness of environmental concerns of the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19272022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272022" title="Stockholm School of Economics Russia">
Stockholm School of Economics Russia

The Stockholm School of Economics in Russia, SSE Russia or "Стокгольмская школа экономики в России" is a business school with representation offices in Moscow and St Petersburg. It was founded in 1994 as a subsidiary of the Stockholm School of Economics, with the purpose of supplying the economies of North-eastern Europe in general and Russia in particular with well-educated young professionals. The school is supported by the Swedish and Russian governments as well as other sponsors, including a variety of corporations and George Soros Open Society Institute.
The majority of the students are Russian nationals studying for Executive MBA-degree; English is the basic language of instruction. Since 2009 SSE Russia offers EMBA General Management with simultaneous translation into Russian language.
The school also providing corporate education programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19272038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272038" title="Army Rugby Football Club">
Army Rugby Football Club

The Army Rugby Football Club was founded in 1961 and for over 40 years has been a leader in USA Collegiate Rugby. The Army Ruggers are West Point’s most winning team. 
In 1980 the USA Rugby Collegiate Championship playoff system was established. Since then, the Army Rugby team has qualified for every Sweet 16 Tournament and has also reached more than ten Final Fours. The Army Rugby team has finished second in the nation 3 times. 
All Cadet classes play and the team currently has over 60 members drawn from the United States Corps of Cadets fielding four rugby sides. 
The Division-1 A and B sides battle for dominance in the Division 1-A Eastern division while the C and D sides typically challenge local clubs every year.

</doc>
<doc id="19272041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272041" title="Uranus (mythology)">
Uranus (mythology)

Uranus ( or ; Ancient Greek , "Ouranos" meaning "sky" or "heaven") was the primal Greek god personifying the sky. His equivalent in Roman mythology was Caelus. In Ancient Greek literature, Uranus or Father Sky was the son and husband of Gaia, Mother Earth. According to Hesiod's "Theogony", Uranus was conceived by Gaia alone, but other sources cite Aether as his father. Uranus and Gaia were the parents of the first generation of Titans, and the ancestors of most of the Greek gods, but no cult addressed directly to Uranus survived into Classical times, and Uranus does not appear among the usual themes of Greek painted pottery. Elemental Earth, Sky and Styx might be joined, however, in a solemn invocation in Homeric epic.
Etymology.
The most probable etymology is from the basic Proto-Greek form "*(F)orsanόj" (worsanos) derived from the noun "*(F)orsό" ("worso", Sanskrit: "varsa" "rain" ). The relative Proto-Indo-European language root is "*ers" "to moisten, to drip" (Sanskrit: "varsati" "to rain"), which is connected with the Greek "ourόw" (Latin: "urina", English: "urine", compare Sanskrit: "var" "water," Avestan "var" "rain," Lithuanian "jures" "seas," Old English "wær" "sea," Old Norse "ver" "sea," Old Norse "ur" "drizzling rain") therefore Ouranos is the "rainmaker" or the "fertilizer". Another possible etymology is "the one standing high in order" (Sanskrit: "vars-man": height, Lithuanian: "virus": upper, highest seat). The identification with the Vedic Varuna, god of the sky and waters, is uncertain. It is also possible that the name is derived from the PIE root *wel: to cover, enclose (Varuna, Veles). or "*wer": to cover, shut.
Genealogy.
Most Greeks considered Uranus to be primordial, and gave him no parentage, believing him to have been born from Chaos, the primal form of the universe. However, in "Theogony," Hesiod claims Uranus to be the offspring of Gaia, the earth goddess. Alcman and Callimachus elaborate that Uranus was fathered by Aether, the god of heavenly light and the upper air. Under the influence of the philosophers, Cicero, in "De Natura Deorum" ("Concerning the Nature of the Gods"), claims that he was the offspring of the ancient gods Aether and Hemera, Air and Day. According to the Orphic Hymns, Uranus was the son of Nyx, the personification of night.
Creation myth.
Greek mythology.
In the Olympian creation myth, as Hesiod tells it in the "Theogony", Uranus came every night to cover the earth and mate with Gaia, but he hated the children she bore him. Hesiod named their first six sons and six daughters the Titans, the three one-hundred-handed giants the Hekatonkheires, and the one-eyed giants the Cyclopes.
Uranus imprisoned Gaia's youngest children in Tartarus, deep within Earth, where they caused pain to Gaia. She shaped a great flint-bladed sickle and asked her sons to castrate Uranus. Only Cronus, youngest and most ambitious of the Titans, was willing: he ambushed his father and castrated him, casting the severed testicles into the sea.
For this fearful deed, Uranus called his sons Titanes Theoi, or "Straining Gods." From the blood that spilled from Uranus onto the Earth came forth the Giants, the Erinyes (the avenging Furies), the Meliae (the ash-tree nymphs), and, according to some, the Telchines. From the genitals in the sea came forth Aphrodite.
The learned Alexandrian poet Callimachus reported that the bloodied sickle had been buried in the earth at Zancle in Sicily, but the Romanized Greek traveller Pausanias was informed that the sickle had been thrown into the sea from the cape near Bolina, not far from Argyra on the coast of Achaea, whereas the historian Timaeus located the sickle at Corcyra; Corcyrans claimed to be descendants of the wholly legendary Phaeacia visited by Odysseus, and by circa 500 BCE one Greek mythographer, Acusilaus, was claiming that the Phaeacians had sprung from the very blood of Uranus' castration.
After Uranus was deposed, Cronus re-imprisoned the Hekatonkheires and Cyclopes in Tartarus. Uranus and Gaia then prophesied that Cronus in turn was destined to be overthrown by his own son, and so the Titan attempted to avoid this fate by devouring his young. Zeus, through deception by his mother Rhea, avoided this fate.
These ancient myths of distant origins were not expressed in cults among the Hellenes. The function of Uranus was as the vanquished god of an elder time, before real time began.
After his castration, the Sky came no more to cover the Earth at night, but held to its place, and "the original begetting came to an end" (Kerényi). Uranus was scarcely regarded as anthropomorphic, aside from the genitalia in the castration myth. He was simply the sky, which was conceived by the ancients as an overarching dome or roof of bronze, held in place (or turned on an axis) by the Titan Atlas. In formulaic expressions in the Homeric poems "ouranos" is sometimes an alternative to Olympus as the collective home of the gods; an obvious occurrence would be the moment in "Iliad" 1.495, when Thetis rises from the sea to plead with Zeus: "and early in the morning she rose up to greet Ouranos-and-Olympus and she found the son of Kronos ..."
William Sale remarks that "... 'Olympus' is almost always used of [the home of the Olympian gods], but "ouranos" often refers to the natural sky above us without any suggestion that the gods, collectively live there". Sale concluded that the earlier seat of the gods was the actual Mount Olympus, from which the epic tradition by the time of Homer had transported them to the sky, "ouranos". By the sixth century, when a "heavenly Aphrodite" (Urania) was to be distinguished from the "common Aphrodite of the people", "ouranos" signifies purely the celestial sphere itself.
Hurrian mythology.
The Greek creation myth is similar to the Hurrian creation myth. In Hurrian religion Anu is the sky god. His son Kumarbis bit off his genitals and spat out three deities, one of whom, Teshub, later deposed Kumarbis. In Sumerian mythology and later for Assyrians and Babylonians, Anu is the sky god and represented law and order.
It is possible that Uranus was originally an Indo-European god, to be identified with the Vedic Varuna, the supreme keeper of order who later became the god of oceans and rivers, as suggested by Georges Dumézil, following hints in Émile Durkheim, "The Elementary Forms of Religious Life" (1912). Another possibility is that the Iranian supreme God Ahura Mazda is a development of the Indo-Iranian *vouruna-*mitra. Therefore this divinity has also the qualities of Mitra, which is the god of the falling rain.
Uranus and Váruṇa.
Uranus is connected with the night sky, and Váruṇa is the god of the sky and the celestial ocean, which is connected with the Milky Way. His daughter Lakshmi is said to have arisen from an ocean of milk, a myth similar to the myth of Aphrodite. Both Lakshmi and Aphrodite are associated with the planet Venus.
Georges Dumézil made a cautious case for the identity of Uranus and Vedic Varuna at the earliest Indo-European cultural level. Dumézil's identification of mythic elements shared by the two figures, relying to a great extent on linguistic interpretation, but not positing a common origin, was taken up by Robert Graves and others. The identification of the name "Ouranos" with the Hindu Váruṇa, based in part on a posited PIE root "*-ŭer" with a sense of "binding"—ancient king god Váruṇa binds the wicked, ancient king god Uranus binds the Cyclopes—is widely rejected by those who find the most probable etymology is from Proto-Greek "*(F)orsanόj" (worsanos) from a PIE root "*ers" "to moisten, to drip" (referring to the rain).
Vedic Indra is linked with Zeus grandson of Uranus, but according to Vedic myths Indra & Váruna were brothers so it is possible that Indra is the grand-uncle of Zeus and not his counterpart.
Cultural context of flint.
The detail of the sickle's being flint rather than bronze or even iron was retained by Greek mythographers (though neglected by Roman ones). Knapped flints as cutting edges were set in wooden or bone sickles in the late Neolithic, before the onset of the Bronze Age. Such sickles may have survived latest in ritual contexts where metal was taboo, but the detail, which was retained by classical Greeks, suggests the antiquity of the mytheme.
Planet Uranus.
The ancient Greeks and Romans knew of only five 'wandering stars' (, "planētai"): Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. Following the discovery of a sixth planet in the 18th century, the name "Uranus" was chosen as the logical addition to the series: for Mars ("Ares" in Greek) was the son of Jupiter, Jupiter ("Zeus" in Greek) the son of Saturn, and Saturn ("Cronus" in Greek) the son of Uranus. What is anomalous is that, while the others take Roman names, "Uranus" is a name derived from Greek in contrast to the Roman Caelus.
Consorts and children.
All the offspring of Uranus are fathered upon Gaia, save Aphrodite and the Erinyes, born when Cronus castrated him and cast his severed genitalia into the sea ("Thalassa").

</doc>
<doc id="19272046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272046" title="Patna Golf Club">
Patna Golf Club

The Patna Golf Club was established on March 21, 1916. The land originally belonged to the government of Bihar and Orissa, and was leased to the South Bihar Gymkhana Club. The club was formed by Steuart Bayley, among others, who later became the Governor of Bihar. It has hosted many national championships from 1916. The membership requires 2-3 lakhs rupee per head for lifetime.
In 2004, during an open professional tournament, a number of local residents attacked the club, burning the main gate and damaging other buildings. The residents were angered because while the club had traditionally allowed non-members to use the grounds for exercise until 7:00 am, the managers decided to remove non-members at 6:00 am for tournament preparations.

</doc>
<doc id="19272049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272049" title="Boloria dia">
Boloria dia

The Weaver's Fritillary or Violet Fritillary "(Boloria dia)" is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. Its English name, after an insect dealer, Richard Weaver, comes from his capture of an insect early in the 19th century at Sutton Park, Tamworth. However this and the small number of other English specimens are thought to be of introductions, possibly accidental.
Description.
The adult is a small fritillary with typically chequered orange-brown upperside and a submarginal row of triangles and dots. The length of the forewings is 16–17 mm. The underside is distinctive in having a purplish band across the hindwing.
"B. dia" differs from the Pearl-bordered Fritillary in having a sharp angle to its hindwing (readily seen from underside when perched with wings closed). The similar Titania's Fritillary has a less sharply-angled hindwing and only occurs at high altitude.
In Europe the larvae feed on Viola species ("Viola odorata", "Viola hirta", "Viola canina", "Viola reichenbachiana", "Viola tricolor"), and outside Europe on "Prunella vulgaris" et "Rubus idaeus"
Distribution.
"B. dia" is found in Europe, over the Caucasus up to Mongolia. It is widespread and common across southern France. In Europe it occurs from northern Spain, Italy and Greece to Poland, the Balkans and Turkey. It is not found in Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="19272057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272057" title="Brack Cornett (outlaw)">
Brack Cornett (outlaw)

Brack Cornett (died 1888) was a prominent outlaw born in Goliad County, Texas, some time in the mid-19th century.
He is most well known as a member of the Bill Whitley gang (though it is today sometimes referred to as the Brack Cornett gang), primarily bank and train robbers, that operated in Texas in the 1880s. In 1888, Whitley, Cornett, and the gang robbed the bank in Cisco, Texas, escaping with $25,000. Several days later they stopped an I&GN train and stole $20,000.
That same year Cornett and the gang planned to rob a Southern Pacific train out of Harwood, Texas, on September 22. U.S. Marshal John Rankin somehow received advance notice of the robbers' plans and hid himself, Deputy Duval West, and a number of Texas Rangers on board the train. Just three miles outside of town, the gang stopped the train and attempted to rob it but were driven off by the lawmen. The gang was however later successful in robbing another train near Flatonia, Texas.
On September 25, 1888, in Floresville, Wilson County, Texas, the gang was run to ground by a contingent of U.S. Marshals. There was a massive shootout in which Bill Whitley was killed and one other gang member taken prisoner. Cornett himself fled alone on horseback. He was soon tracked down by Texas lawman Alfred Allee and shot dead in a gun battle near the town of Frio, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19272061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272061" title="Modern Matriculation School, Cholvaram Nagar">
Modern Matriculation School, Cholvaram Nagar

The Modern Matriculation School was founded in 1979 by the Cholvaram Nagar Welfare and Cultural Association, in the Indian city of Chennai (Madras), to provide primary education to children underprivileged sections of society. At present the school educates children from economically backward families at subsidised fees. The institution is a,non -profit, self supported one. Mrs. Bhavani Chandrashekhar is the present headmistres of the school

</doc>
<doc id="19272079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272079" title="Mess Lake">
Mess Lake

Mess Lake is a lake in Mount Edziza Provincial Park northern British Columbia, Canada. It is an expansion of Mess Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19272091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272091" title="Otoha">
Otoha

Otoha (おとは, オトハ) is a feminine Japanese given name.
Otoha can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19272117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272117" title="Alain Bédouma Yoda">
Alain Bédouma Yoda

Alain Bédouma Yoda (born 31 December 1951) is a Burkinabé politician. He served in the government of Burkina Faso as Minister of Transport and Tourism from 1997 to 2000, Minister of Trade from 2000 to 2002, Minister of Health from 2002 to 2008, and Minister of State for Foreign Affairs and Regional Cooperation from 2008 to 2011. He has been President of the Parliamentary Group of the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP) since 2013.
Biography.
Yoda was born in Komtoèga, and after studying in Burkina Faso, Cameroon, and France, he joined the civil service in 1978. From 1978 to 1985 he held various positions at the Ministry of Trade. He was appointed as Head of the Service of Legislation and Price Controls on 30 March 1978, then as Permanent Secretary-General for the Approval of Prices and Documentation on 31 July 1978; subsequently he became Director-General of Prices in April 1981, Director-General of the General Fund for the Equalization of Prices in March 1983, and Technical Adviser to the Minister of Trade in May 1985. Yoda was then Economic and Financial Adviser to the President of Burkina Faso, Thomas Sankara, from October 1985 to October 1987, as well as Director-General of the Naganagani air transport company from August 1986 to 1992. He was appointed to a post at the Secretariat-General of the Ministry of Transport and Communications in February 1992.
Yoda was elected to the Assembly of People's Deputies in the May 1992 parliamentary election as a candidate of the Rally of Independent Socialists (RSI) in Boulgou; he was the only RSI candidate to win a seat. In the legislature, he served as President of the Finance and Planning Commission from 1996 to 1997. Yoda was re-elected to the National Assembly in the May 1997 parliamentary election, this time as a candidate of the ruling Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP), and after that election he was appointed to the government as Minister of Transport and Tourism on 10 June 1997; later, on 12 November 2000, he was moved to the position of Minister of Trade and the Promotion of Business and Crafts. Yoda was again elected to the National Assembly in the May 2002 parliamentary election, and following that election he was appointed as Minister of Health on 10 June 2002.
In the May 2007 parliamentary election, Yoda was elected to the National Assembly as a CDP candidate in Boulgou Province. He was promoted in ministerial rank after the election, becoming Minister of State for Health on 10 June 2007. Yoda was later moved to the post of Minister of State for Foreign Affairs and Regional Cooperation in the government named on 3 September 2008, replacing Djibril Bassolé.
After holding a succession of ministerial portfolios for nearly 14 years, Yoda was dismissed from the government on 21 April 2011. In the December 2012 parliamentary election, Yoda was again elected to the National Assembly as a CDP candidate. When the new legislature began meeting in late December 2012, Yoda was designated as head of an "ad hoc" commission composed of 35 deputies that was given the task of drawing up the National Assembly's rules and procedures for the new parliamentary term. The modified rules and procedures were unanimously adopted on 18 January 2013. Later in the same month, Yoda was designated as President of the CDP Parliamentary Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19272158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272158" title="2008–09 New Zealand Football Championship">
2008–09 New Zealand Football Championship

The NZFC 2008-09 season is the fifth season of the New Zealand Football Championship competition.
The previous seasons champion, Waitakere United, and second-ranked club Auckland City FC will also be competing in the 2008-09 O-League which will run alongside the NZFC season.

</doc>
<doc id="19272169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272169" title="Jun Matsumoto (disambiguation)">
Jun Matsumoto (disambiguation)

Matsumoto Jun or Jun Matsumoto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19272180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19272180" title="Lake Sagami">
Lake Sagami

Water and land usage surrounding the lake.
Typical lake flows (in m3/s) are 85 hydroelectric, 10.34 domestic, 4.16 irrigation, and 2.15 industrial. Land usage is 87.5% natural, 4.6% agricultrual, and 7.9% other. Eutrophication issues have been a serious issue of the lake that was first observed in 1967. The main issue was microcystis algae bloom and reached its highest cell count of 2,500,000 cells/mL in July-October 1979 (data from 1985). Most vegetation grown around the lake are grassland and weeds while most crops grown are rice and vegetables. Fertilizer application for crops near the lake is moderate.
Recreational uses.
Because of the lake's creation in 1947, it displaced the careers of many local fishermen in the area. In return for their livelihood being taken away, many of these families were offered rental boats in the new lake. No private boats are allowed on the lake as a result. To compensate for the loss of the smelt, black bass from the United States was imported to the lake as was Prussian carp. Because of the bass, the lake is a popular recreational fishing area. The lake is also used for couples dating for boat rides and families. Row boat standard daily rental rates are ¥3000 for one person, ¥4500 for two people, and ¥6000 for three people.
Water treatment.
In 1984, there were 170 industrial and four municipal sewage treatment plants surrounding the lake.

</doc>
