<doc id="19248582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248582" title="Hornets’ Nest">
Hornets’ Nest

Hornets’ Nest is a 1970 Italian-American war film directed by Phil Karlson and starring Rock Hudson, Sylva Koscina, and Sergio Fantoni.
Plot.
In Northern Italy in 1944, the entire population of the village of Reanoto is massacred by the SS under the command of the cruel Sturmbannführer Taussig (Jacques Sernas) for helping the Italian resistance movement. The only survivors are a group of young boys in ages from 7 to 14 led by Aldo (Mark Colleano, son of Bonar Colleano and Susan Shaw) who witness the mass execution and vow revenge.
That night, a detachment of US Army paratrooper saboteurs jump into the area with a mission to destroy a strategic dam with the partisans prior to the Fifth United States Army's advance into the area. Their drop zone has been discovered by Wehrmacht troops under the command of Hauptmann Friedrich von Hecht (Sergio Fantoni), who kill them all except the leader of the paratroopers, Captain Turner (Rock Hudson), who is rendered unconscious and goes unnoticed by the Germans when he lands in the branches of a tree. The Germans capture the demolition equipment from the dead Americans.
Aldo and his friends rescue Turner by spiriting him away from the ambush. Realising that Turner needs medical attention, they kidnap German doctor Bianca Freedling (Sylva Koscina) to nurse him to health, and keeping her captive even after Turner's recovery. In order to avenge the massacre of Reanoto, Aldo wants Turner to train him and his friends in the use of military weapons and tactics. Turner uses the opportunity as a second chance to complete his sabotage mission, using the boys instead of his late command. He has the boys steal the captured American demolition gear from von Hecht's headquarters, killing SS Rottenführer Gunther in the process, but Aldo hides the detonators until Turner leads them in their revenge. He trains them to use German MP40 guns.
In response to the killing of Gunther, Standartenführer Jannings makes the hunt for Turner and his "Dead End Kids" an SS-led affair, placing von Hecht under the command of Taussig and reassigning his regular Wehrmacht troops to guard a tunnel. Not long after this, Turner and the boys steal a truck and drive to SS headquarters, slaughtering all of Taussig's men in a surprise attack. Killing the SS was enough for most of the boys, but not for Aldo, who is becoming emotionally and mentally unhinged. He wants to keep killing Germans.
Von Hecht, after an argument, shoots and kills Taussig in the aftermath of the attack on SS headquarters, and goes after Turner and the boys solo. While Turner and a few of the boys are planting Composition C charges on the dam, Aldo and a few of the others go against orders and directly engage the German guards on top of the dam, which very nearly costs the entire mission. Taking over an MG42, Aldo becomes blood-drunk as he mows down Germans, even going so far as to shoot down his own friend Carlo when Carlo blocks his shot. Despite interference from von Hecht, Turner and the kids successfully plant the explosives and blow up the dam, flooding the valley.
With the dam destroyed and the Germans routed, the American troops begin moving in. When Turner learns of Carlo's death, as well as that of another boy who died protecting Bianca and some of the younger children, he regrets having involved the children and breaks all of the guns. Aldo however refuses to hand his over, and runs off, encountering von Hecht, who survived the destruction of the dam. Aldo shoots and wounds him just as Turner catches up to him, and after failing to talk him out of finishing the German officer off, prevents him by force, taking his gun away. He takes von Hecht prisoner as von Hecht expresses his admiration for Turner's success.
Turner, Bianca, von Hecht and all of the surviving boys except for Aldo go down to meet the approaching column of American soldiers. Aldo lingers. After seeing to it that the others are safely aboard a truck, Turner goes back for Aldo, who angrily throws rocks at him because he stopped him from killing von Hecht. But finally he is overcome with remorse for having killed Carlo, and begs Turner's forgiveness. Turner gives it, and scoops the defeated and frightened boy up, and carries him to the waiting truck.
Production.
Hudson had previously had success with several military roles, such as "Ice Station Zebra". After the failure of the large budgeted "Darling Lili", he thought an action war film geared to the youth market directed by the experienced Phil Karlson had potential. The female lead was originally to have been played by Sophia Loren, but she dropped out at the last moment and was replaced by Koscina. Koscina, who had a childhood in World War II Yugoslavia, felt that the idea of the film of war destroying mentally as well as physically was an interesting one. Her role as a female German doctor captured by partisans was similar to the lead in the acclaimed "The Last Bridge".
Though set in 1944, the hairstyles, American fatigues and attitudes are from the late 1960s, with Hudson first wearing the moustache he would have throughout the 1970s. "Time Magazine" called the film “a weird little war movie full of bizarre energy and merciless violence, a kind of ‘Dirty Dozen Reach Puberty’”. Ennio Morricone's score included a whistling theme that was used in the film by the children themselves.
Michael Avallone wrote a novelisation of the film as a tie-in. An exploitation guide for cinema owners suggested dressing up boys under 15 in army uniforms and putting actual hornet's nests (hopefully without their makers) in shop windows to promote the film.
Reception.
In what would be the last year of film productions about war, this film opened in both Europe and the U.S. to controversy. Critics attacked the film for its depiction of children learning violence and going to war with an American leading them: there was even a sexual assault by both the boys and later Turner on Koscina's German nurse. Many felt that such depictions did not make a good war film and felt this particular film went to unnecessary lows. This, plus the anachronistic touches in sets and costumes and resentment over the ongoing Vietnam War happening at the time, led the film to fail at the box office, along with other war films like "Catch 22", "Murphy's War", and "Waterloo". After this film, Rock Hudson turned to TV and the show "McMillan and Wife".

</doc>
<doc id="19248586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248586" title="Iriri River">
Iriri River

The Iriri River is a tributary of the Xingu River in Brazil, in the state of Pará. It is long making it the 116th longest river in the world ( with Krishna River, India ) and the 15th longest in the Amazon Basin. The headwaters are the traditional home of the Panará people.

</doc>
<doc id="19248587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248587" title="Channel 9 – Bahía Blanca">
Channel 9 – Bahía Blanca

LU80 TV Canal 9 de Bahía Blanca is an Argentine private, over-the-air television station broadcasting from Bahía Blanca, Buenos Aires. The station is owned and operated by Telefe, one of the country biggest broadcasters and carries a general entertainment format with soap operas, sitcoms, local news, movies, game shows and cartoons. Founded on September 24, 1965, the station produces the least amount of local programming in relation with the other stations operated by Telefe, not showing local shows at all during Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="19248593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248593" title="Sānanda samādhi">
Sānanda samādhi

Sānanda samādhi, also known as "supreme bliss", or "with ecstasy", is the third level of the four samādhi described in the Yoga Sutras 1:17 by Patanjali. Sānanda: "sa-" means “with”, "ananda" means joy, bliss.
Historical descriptions.
In Sutra 1:17 Patanjali tells us that "samprajnata samadhi" comprises four stages: "Complete high consciousness (samprajnata samadhi) is that which is accompanied by vitarka (reasoning), vicara (reflection), "sananda" (ecstasy), and sasmita (a sense of 'I'-ness)." "Sānanda" is free from vitarka and vicara.
This is joyous "samādhi" and it gives intense joy. In "sānanda" the gross and the five elements are given up. There arises in the Yogi a peculiar perception in the form of intense joy. In this state the mind continues to function, but knowledge of any particular object slowly fades away and the yogi becomes aware of the inner consciousness only. He experiences supreme bliss. In "sānanda samādhi" the yogi experiences a state of rapture or ecstasy, and the only thought in the mind is the wordless awareness of the feeling of "I am in pleasure, I am happy."
Modern descriptions.
According to Dr. Sarasvati Buhrman PhD, "Babaji once explained that when people feel blissful sensations during sādhanā, on a gross level the breath is equal in both nostrils, and on the subtle level pranic flow in "ida" and "pingala" nadis is balanced. This is called the sushumna breath because the residual prana of the sushuma, the kundalini, flows in sushumna nadi, causing sattva guna to dominate. "It creates a feeling of peace. That peace is ananda." In "sananda samadhi" the experience of that ananda, that sattvic flow, is untainted by any other vrittis, or thoughts, save the awareness of the pleasure of receiving that bliss."
According to John C Lilly, "sānanda" is the highest state of consciousness that can be experienced while staying in the body. In his book "Center of the Cyclone" he describes sānanda as, "blissful state, making the Christ, the green qutub, realization of baraka, the reception of divine grace, cosmic love, cosmic energy, heightened bodily awareness, highest function of bodily and planetside consciousness, being in love, being in a positive LSD energy state. In the Oth emotional center in the chest."

</doc>
<doc id="19248600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248600" title="Jānis Vanags">
Jānis Vanags

Jānis Vanags (born May 25, 1958, Liepāja) is the Archbishop of Riga in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia (1993-). Vanags is seen as a "conservative" on theological or moral issues and opposed women's ordination. He presided over the agreement of fellowship with the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod.
Background and education.
Vanags studied at Liepaja 5th High School (1965–1976), the Latvian State University Chemistry Department (1976–1982), and the Lutheran Theological Seminar (1984–1989). He worked as a chemistry teacher in Riga Vilis Lacis 31st High School (1982–1985). Vanags was ordained as a priest in 1985 and was appointed by Synod to lead the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia in 1993, following the death of Kārlis Gailītis, the previous archbishop, in a car crash.
Homosexuality controversy.
Archibishop Vanags has been criticised for his perceived homophobia, particularly when he deposed (defrocked) 36-year old pastor Maris Sants from Holy Orders. Sants was known for ministering to AIDS patients, but Archbishop Vanags deposed the priest “due to his promotion of a tolerant attitude to homosexuality'. Through a statement by Mara Grigola, secretary to Vanags, he accused Sants of expressing in public "information that is against Lutheran doctrine". He also stated, "Persons who accept homosexual orientation as normal cannot work in the Latvian Evangelical Lutheran Church". Sants told AFP that his dismissal came without warning, following an interview he gave with Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty in which he discussed his own homosexuality. "It's the practice in our church to dismiss people and not consult them. The church is not only conservative, but going backwards" said Sants, who added that he had been criticised by church officials for ministering to AIDS sufferers.
Vanags recently contributed an essay to an anti-homosexuality book which is being investigated by state security police following complaints that it breaches defamation laws. "Now homosexuals are recognized as a minority so in principle after them pedophiles may also be recognized as a minority", Vanags was recently quoted as saying in the daily Rigas Balss. He is also quoted as saying, "What we could actually say to our brothers and sisters who are in this homosexual orientation, is that they're welcome to receive all that the Gospel means for the church, but we cannot accept their homosexual relationships as a normal alternative to marriage".
Other opinions.
Lutheranism is the leading faith in Latvia, with a quarter of the country's 2.4 million population counted by the church as active members. Vanags has shunned the practice of the mainstream Lutheran church by refusing to ordain women since his appointment in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19248610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248610" title="USNS Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton (T-AKV-5)">
USNS Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton (T-AKV-5)

USNS Sgt. "Jack J. Pendleton" (T-AKV-5 /T-AK-276) was a constructed during World War II and placed into service under cognizance of the U.S. Maritime Commission.
Post-war she was acquired by the U.S. Army and placed into service as USAT Sgt. "Jack J. Pendleton". In 1950 she was reacquired by the Navy and placed into service as the USNS Sgt "Jack J. Pendleton" (T-AKV-5). "Pendleton" continued to serve her country throughout the Korean War and Vietnam War.
In 1973, while sailing in the Paracel Islands, "Pendleton" struck a reef off Triton Island. Attempts to remove her from the reef failed, and she was abandoned.
Victory ship built in Oregon.
"Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton" was laid down under Maritime Commission contract as "Mandan Victory" (MCV hull 109) on 15 April 1944 by the Oregon Shipbuilding Corp., Portland, Oregon; launched on 26 May 1944; sponsored by Mrs. George C. Carter; and delivered to the Maritime Commission's War Shipping Administration on 19 June 1944.
World War II service.
Operated under a general agency agreement by the Isthmian Steamship Co. for the remainder of World War II and during the postwar period, "Mandan Victory" was subsequently operated by the Waterman Steamship Corporation and by A. L. Burbank and Co. In December 1947, she was laid up with the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Wilmington, Delaware.
Transferred to the U.S. Army.
On 23 April 1948, she was transferred to the Army. Renamed "Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton", the Victory ship received miscellaneous alterations, including the addition of radar and the enlargement of her hatches, during the summer; and, in the fall, she commenced 18 months of operations under the Army Transportation Service.
Acquired by MSTS.
On 1 March 1950, the ship was transferred to the Navy for operation by the newly established Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS), now the Military Sealift Command.
Designated as a cargo ship and aircraft ferry, the former Army ship was given a civil service crew; placed in service as USNS "Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton" (T-AKV-5); and assigned to transpacific operations from her home port, San Francisco, California.
Korean War service.
In late June, as the war in Korea broke out, she completed her second round trip to Japan as an MSTS ship and, for the next two years, was employed in moving combat cargoes westward. In the summer of 1952, however, she was shifted to runs to the Marshall Islands and the Mariana Islands; and, in March 1953, she resumed a Far East Schedule which she maintained until after the .
Post-Korean War service.
From 1954 to 1956, her destinations ranged from islands in the Central Pacific Ocean, to Japan, Korea, Okinawa, Taiwan, the Philippine Islands, and Thailand. During the summer of 1956, she conducted arctic operations. On board was poet and yeoman Allen Ginsberg, who used the ship's mimeograph to print 52 copies of "Siesta in Xbalba", his first publication, while the ship was anchored off Icy Cape, Alaska.
With the fall, resumed her schedule in the more temperate and tropical zones of the Pacific.
Rescuing a Japanese crew at sea.
In 1958, she was commended for rescuing the entire crew of a large Japanese fishing vessel which had gone down in the Pacific; and, in the same year, she again added northern ports in the Aleutians to her delivery points.
Temporary service in the Atlantic.
In 1959, after calls at ports on the Indian Ocean, the Arabian Sea, and the Gulf of Aden, the ship transited the Suez Canal to take on and deliver cargo in the Mediterranean. From there, she moved into the Atlantic Ocean and, in late March, arrived at New York City. She then continued on to Norfolk, Virginia, whence, for the next two months, she conducted transatlantic runs.
Redesignated "AK-276" (7 May 1956), "Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton" carried supplies to northern bases in Greenland in July and in August; and, in September, she sailed for northern Europe, whence she made her way back to the Pacific via the Suez Canal.
During October and November, she put into ports on the Indian subcontinent, in southeast Asia, on the island of Taiwan, and on the Korean peninsula. In early December, she was in Japan; and, on the 29th, she arrived at Seattle, Washington, whence, with the new year 1960, she returned to San Francisco to resume transpacific operations.
Later in that year, the Victory ship interrupted her more routine schedule to bring the Navy's bathyscaph, "Trieste", back to San Diego, California, after the research vessel had set a record dive of 35,800 feet in the Mariana Trench.
Vietnam War service.
Later in the 1960s, as the war in Vietnam necessitated a speed-up in the supply line, she was employed in shuttling cargo from Subic Bay to South Vietnam.
Since that time until, September 23, 1973 when it went aground. "Sgt. Jack J.Pendleton", had been home ported in Oakland, California. 
it continued operations in the Pacific and Vietnam for the Military Sealift Command until the date of the grounding.
Grounding.
While sailing from Vietnam and returning to the United States on September 23, 1973 transiting the Paracel Islands, a group of small islands and reefs in the South China Sea 
Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton ran aground on a reef at Triton Island at 17 1/2 knots. Various attempts were made to salvage her, however, attempts failed, cargo removed, and she was abandoned.
The salvage operation was conducted by the USS Mount Vernon (LSD 39) and USS Duluth (LPD 6). The major items of interest aboard the Sgt Jack Pendleton to the US Government were two large generators. There were cases of old rifles and cases of ammunition on board as well. After many attempts, including an unsuccessful attempt by the embarked UDT/Seals (Underwater Demolition Team)to blow a hole in the reef surrounding Triton Island to facilitate the salvage operation using LCU-8s instead of the CH 53 and CH 46 helicopters from Mount Vernon, members of the Mt. Vernon crew were sent aboard the Pendleton to salvage whatever was felt could be used by Mount Vernon for the rest of her deployment. Many pallets of large caliber shells were lifted by helicopter from the Pendleton and were set down on the flight deck of the Mt. Vernon, whose deck crewmen then moved them via pallet jack to a point where they could be reached by the Mt. Vernon's cranes and lowered into the mezzanine and well deck, a very hazardous operation given the nature of the live ammo and the pitching of the ship in the open ocean. 
Honors and awards.
Qualified vessel personnel were qualified for the following:
See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Beaufort_(ATS-2)
She (USS Beaufort) put to sea again on 25 September to help to refloat the grounded USNS Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton and returned to Subic Bay from that mission on 9 October. The crew of the Pendelton ran-a-ground on the coral shoal of Triton Island in the Parcel Island out to sea off of the DMZ of North Vietnam and South Vietnam; the Pendelton was 10 degrees off course during the storm. It was hauling ammunition to South Vietnam. The seas were heavy, with high waves being pushed by high winds. As the storm subsided, the 'Beaufort' hooked its steel cables to the aft section of the 'Pedleton' and attempted to tow her off of the snow white coral reef; there was no moving the ship. A barge was called from South Vietnam to unload the ammunition, and get it to U.S. Forces in South Vietnam, the unloading was completed by the sailors of the 'Pendleton'. While the unloading was being completed, the crew of the 'Beaufort' put its Navy Divers, Scuba, and Hard Hat Divers into the water to recon the bottom hull of the 'Pendleton'. The Beaufort Hull Technician Divers, and the Explosive Ordnance Demolition E.O.D. Divers noticed a crack in the hull; it was a gap between four inches to twelve inches, and compartments on flooded, which added additional weight. The bow of the 'Pendelton' was protruding approximately twenty feet up toward the sky. Additional ships were dispatched to the scene to assist in pulling the ship off the reef. During the same time, China sent a message stating it owned the island and to stop all procedures and depart the island; North Vietnam also stated it owned the coral reef and to make haste out of the area or it would send a warship to engage the Navy ships, both dispatches were taken seriously, however, no county was taking an operational naval vessel. All towing attempts failed, and a typhoon was closing in on the area. The 'Beaufort' made on final attempt. Another ship rammed the starboard, nearly crushing a sailor, as the I-Beam of the other ship crushed-in the side of the 'Beaufort'. The ship was hit so hard, the mast began to shake violently, and the men on the ship's bridge were on the deck waiting for it to crash. The 'Beaufort' removed all men from the 'Pendelton', and loaded Divers into a Mike Boat, Landing Craft. The Divers took dive equipment, and demolitions to the 'Pendleton', and set charges to the hull. After retreating approximately 1,000 yards, the charges exploded, and the ship was there "for the duration". It was used as a Radar Beacon for aircraft. The 'Beaufort' Hull Technicians shored its bulkhead with wood and steel, until it could get back to port for major repairs. During repairs, a U.S. Naval Destroyer was docked starboard side to 'Beaufort'.
Note.
Some accounts of this vessel give her name as “"Pendelton"” instead of the correct name “"Pendleton"” which is the spelling of the person for which she was named by the Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="19248613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248613" title="All Saints Anglican Church (Duck Lake, Saskatchewan)">
All Saints Anglican Church (Duck Lake, Saskatchewan)

All Saints Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located on 7th Street, East, in Duck Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada. Built in 1896 of wood, its steep pitched roof, lancet windows and side entrance tower are typical of Gothic Revival churches. The church's historic burying ground contains the graves of many area pioneers.
The church is a municipal heritage site as designated by the town of Duck Lake on December 14, 1982..

</doc>
<doc id="19248615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248615" title="Andorra at the Paralympics">
Andorra at the Paralympics

Andorra first competed at the Winter Paralympic Games in 2002, and competed again in 2006. Andorra has only ever competed in alpine skiing, and has never won a medal. Andorrans did not participate in the Summer Paralympic Games until 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19248634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248634" title="Houshang Ostovar">
Houshang Ostovar

Houshang Ostovar (Persian: هوشنگ استوار) (also transcribed as "Hoochang Ostovar") is a Persian symphonic music composer and Instructor.
Biography.
Houshang Ostovar was born in Tehran 1927. Inspired by his father Hossein Ostovar (1896–1986) who was one of the first Persian-style pianists.
Works.
The only released work of Ostovar is "Suite Iranienne" (Persian Suite) which was performed in 1980 by Nuremberg Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Ali Rahbari in the LP "Symphonische Dichtungen aus Persien" (Symphonic Poems from Persia).

</doc>
<doc id="19248638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248638" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Travis County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Travis County, Texas

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Travis County, Texas.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Travis County, Texas, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 184 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 2 National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="19248641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248641" title="Schwarzhorn (Leukerbad)">
Schwarzhorn (Leukerbad)

The Schwarzhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located west of Leukerbad in the canton of Valais. It lies approximately halfway between the Wildstrubel and the Gemmi Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="19248645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248645" title="Sky Blue FC">
Sky Blue FC

Sky Blue FC is a professional soccer club based in Piscataway Township, New Jersey which has participated in the National Women's Soccer League since 2013. From 2009 to 2011, the team played in Women's Professional Soccer (WPS).
Sky Blue FC is part of the larger Sky Blue Soccer organization, based in Somerset County, New Jersey, an integrated program that allows players to progress in soccer from a young age with an opportunity for long-term growth.
History.
Establishment, 2008.
Sky Blue FC named Ian Sawyers as its first head coach and general manager on March 5, 2008. However, it wasn't until September 9, 2008 that the New York/New Jersey outfit was officially unveiled under the name Sky Blue FC. One week later, the US Women's National Team allocation took place with Heather O'Reilly, Natasha Kai, and Christie Rampone allocated to Sky Blue FC.
On September 24, the 2008 WPS International Draft was held. Sky Blue FC drafted Australian National Team forward Sarah Walsh in the first round, Brazilian National Team members Rosana and Ester in the second and third rounds respectively, finished with Canadian National Team midfielder Kelly Parker in the fourth round. In addition to these picks, Sky Blue FC also named Australian National Team midfielder Collette McCallum and England National Team defender Anita Asante as post-draft discovery players on September 26, 2008 and October 2, 2008 respectively, and were awarded their WPS playing rights.
To further assign player rights, on October 6 the 2008 WPS General Draft took place. Sky Blue FC drafted Cori Alexander, Keeley Dowling, Kacey White, and Jenny Hammond. Ian Sawyers closed out 2008 by choosing Kelly Lindsey to be his assistant coach on December 3.
The new year brought new players. On January 16, the 2009 WPS Draft was held. Sky Blue FC drafted Yael Averbuch, Meghan Schnur, Karen Bardsley, Christie Shaner, Julianne Sitch, Jen Buczkowski, Zhang Ouying, Mary Therese McDonnell, Mele French, and Fanta Cooper.
Inaugural WPS season, 2009.
Sky Blue FC kicked off its inaugural season on April 5, 2009 dropping a 2-0 decision to Los Angeles Sol at TD Bank Ballpark in Bridgewater Township, New Jersey. It played its next game at the venue before moving permanently to Yurcak Field on the campus of Rutgers University.
The team stuttered to one win and two draws in their first six games, scoring only 3 goals in the process, before head coach and general manager Ian Sawyers was suspended indefinitely by the team for disagreements on May 23, 2009. He was eventually relieved of his duties as head coach and general manager on May 28, 2009. In his absence, Kelly Lindsey stepped in as the interim and slowly started to turn around Sky Blue FC's on-field fortunes. She was eventually permanently installed as head coach on June 19, 2009 by then General Manager Gerry Marrone.
Lindsey's time at the helm was short-lived as she abruptly resigned from her position on July 30, 2009. She had won five games and drawn three others in her twelve total matches before Christie Rampone was named the second interim of the year and third head coach overall by Marrone. Her position also included playing on the field and was the first player/manager in WPS history. Rampone lead Sky Blue FC into 4th position and secured the final playoff spot for the 2009 playoffs. Sky Blue FC upended both Washington Freedom and Saint Louis Athletica to make the championship game against Los Angeles Sol. A 16th minute Heather O'Reilly strike earned Sky Blue FC the championship on August 22, 2009, beating the Sol on their own home field of The Home Depot Center in Carson, California.
2010 season.
With two additional teams, Atlanta Beat and Philadelphia Independence, joining the league for 2010, Sky Blue FC were destined to lose players from their championship-winning side. On September 15, the 2009 WPS Expansion Draft was held with Jen Buczkowski moving to Philadelphia and Noelle Keselica headed to Atlanta.
Sky Blue FC announced on September 29, 2009 that former Finnish National Team player Pauliina Miettinen would be head coach of the team for the 2010 season after completing her coaching duties with PK-35 Vantaa.
Sky Blue FC started its title defense on April 11, 2012 when it hosted the Chicago Red Stars at Yurcak Field. The team wasted little time in gaining its first goal on the young season, with forward Tasha Kai scoring on a fourth minute strike to lead her team to an eventual 1-0 victory. Sky Blue FC found itself having some trouble tallying goals as the season progressed and held a 5-6-3 record when head coach Pauliina Miettinen was relieved of her duties. Immediately replacing her was assistant coach Rick Stainton, who led the team to a 2-4-4 record the rest of the way. After settling for three draws to conclude its sophomore campaign, Sky Blue FC finished the year in fifth place in the regular season standings and just missed the postseason.
2011 season.
The 2011 season marked the first at the helm by decorated women's soccer coach Jim Gabarra, who had spent the past decade with the Washington Freedom. Prior to the start of the regular season, Sky Blue FC headed to Turkey for the preseason, playing to the finals of the Alanya International Women's Tournament of Champions, where it fell to team partner LdB FC Malmö, 1-0. Also participating in the tournament were Russian side FK Energiya and Danish club Fortuna Hjørring (who Sky Blue FC defeated in a penalty shootout in the semifinals).
Sky Blue FC kicked off the WPS regular season on April 10, 2011 at Yurcak Field, playing the Philadelphia Independence to a 2-2 draw. The team then hit the road for three games, suffering three consecutive defeats, before returning home for a pair of wins. After two more draws and another victory, Sky Blue FC found itself amid the longest unbeaten streak in franchise history (five matches). The team kicked off that streak on May 21, 2011 with a 3-0 win over the Atlanta Beat, its largest margin of victory ever.
The club went 1-2 in its next three games before entering the final four matches of the regular season. After suffering defeats in each of those games, Sky Blue FC came up just short of the playoffs after finishing even with the Boston Breakers for the final postseason spot (Boston took the season tiebreaker).
After the WPS announced the suspension of the 2012 season, Sky Blue FC announced a partnership with the New Jersey Wildcats of the W-League, which included sharing coaching staff. 
Inaugural NWSL season, 2013.
In November 2012, it was announced that Sky Blue FC would be one of eight teams in a new women's professional soccer league sponsored by the United States Soccer Federation, the Canadian Soccer Association and the Mexican Football Federation. The league, known as the National Women's Soccer League, began play in spring 2013.
Supporters.
Cloud 9 is the official supporters group of Sky Blue FC. 
Head coaches.
Information correct as of January 11, 2012. Only competitive matches (regular season and playoffs) are counted. Wins, losses, and draws are results at the final whistle; the results of penalty shootouts are not counted.

</doc>
<doc id="19248650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248650" title="Das Pfauenfest">
Das Pfauenfest

Das Pfauenfest is a singspiel in two acts by composer Johann Rudolf Zumsteeg. The opera has a German libretto by F. A. C. Werthes and premiered at the Hoftheater in Stuttgart on 24 February 1801.
Synopsis.
The fairy Morgana wickedly conspires against Lenore; spreading malicous lies about her. As a result, Lenore loses the love of Karados, a knight, and is banished from King Arthur's court. The King encourages a romantic attachment between Karados and his niece. The two are scheduled to betrothe at the Feast of the Peacock, and King Arthur orders that Lenore be brought back to court to witness the event. Meanwhile, Lenore is ministered to by a guardian spirit who weaves her a beautiful new gown. Lenore arrives at the court along with the guardian spirit who is in the guise of a minstrel. The guardian spirit has brought the gown he weaved to the court proclaiming to the men that it will only fit a woman of great virtue and the women that it will only fit the most beautiful woman. He has also brought a drinking-horn which only a true knight can empty. To the chagrin of the knights, Queen Ginevra proclaims that she will try on the gown first. When she approaches the gown, it flies away from her. All the other ladies of the court attempt to try on the gown with the same result. When Lenore reaches for the gown it stays still and fits her perfectly. Similarly, none of the knights can empty the drinking-horn except for Karados. Seeing that Karados and Lenore have been honored in this way, the King accepts Lenore back into the court and they are betrothed. 

</doc>
<doc id="19248655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248655" title="Szlama Grzywacz">
Szlama Grzywacz

Szlama Grzywacz (1909-1944) was one of the members of the French resistance executed at the fort of Mont Valérien as a member of the Manouchian group, a volunteer of the French liberation army FTP-MOI. His name is one of the ten which featured on the "Affiche Rouge" displayed by the Germans during the trial of the 23 captured members of the Manouchian group. His photograph is displayed with the caption "Grzywacz juif polonais 2 attentats" (Grzywacz, Polish Jew, 2 attacks).
Biography.
Early years.
Szlama Grzywacz was born in Wołomin, Poland in 1909, to a working-class family. He was obliged to work from a young age.
At 16 years old, he joined the "Jeunesses communistes" (communist youth) where he became an active militant. In 1931, he was arrested by police of the Pilsudski regime and condemned to five years in prison. Invigorated by his incarceration, he resumed his activism on release. His friends advised him to leave Poland to escape persecution by the police.
Grzywacz arrived in Paris in 1936 but soon left for Spain, where he fought in the international brigades against the worldwide threat of Fascism. After the defeat of the republican army, he spent time in the concentration camps of Gurs and et Argelès-sur-Mer, but managed to get away.
Second world war.
In the German occupation of France during World War II, Grzywacz became active in the underground trade unionism movement. He organized Jewish workers in the fur industry. However, he regarded this work to be too sedate for him, and joined the FTP-MOI where he fought against the Germans. He slipped between the fingers of the "Gestapo" during their massive arrest operation against foreign fighters.
Grzywacz' experience as a fighter for republican Spain and the Francs-Tireurs prepared him for the suffering he was to endure when he was brought before a German military tribunal, sentenced to death, and executed on the 21 February 1944 at Mont Valérien.

</doc>
<doc id="19248667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248667" title="Darley Waddilove">
Darley Waddilove

Robert Darley Waddilove (born Robert Darley; known after 1762 as Darley Waddilove; November 1736 – 18 August 1828) was Dean of Ripon. 
Waddilove was born in November 1736, was son of Abel Darley of Boroughbridge. This branch of the Darley family had lived for four generations at Ripley in Yorkshire, but the dean's father migrated to Scoreby in East Riding. He was educated at Westminster School and Clare Hall, Cambridge, of which society he became a scholar, but was unable to take a fellowship, having inherited landed property at Boroughbridge from his uncle, Robert Waddilove (d. 1762), president of Barnard's Inn, whose name he assumed. He graduated BA in 1759, and MA in 1762. He was curate of Wotton in Surrey, and in 1767 rector of Whitby. From 1771 to 1779 he was chaplain to Lord Grantham, ambassador to the Court at Madrid, during which time he exchanged Whitby for Topcliffe, and appointed himself rector of Cherry Burton, both in Yorkshire. In 1780 he became prebendary of Ripon, 1782 prebendary of York, and in 1786 archdeacon of the East Riding. He was chaplain to Archbishops Robert Hay Drummond and William Markham and in 1791 became dean of Ripon (later Diocese of Ripon and Leeds). He received the degree of LLD from Archbishop John Moore.
He held the deanery of Ripon with the archdeaconry until his death. During his residence in Spain Waddilove became friends with Abbe Bayer, tutor to the Spanish court, and had access to the library of the Escorial, where he collated the manuscript of Strabo for Thomas Falconer's edition (Clarendon Press, 2 vols. fol. 1807), and obtained much useful information for Robertson's "History of America", which the historian gratefully acknowledges in the preface. He also wrote remarks on the pictures in the king of Spain's collection which had formerly belongs to Charles I of England, translated Mengs's "Essay on Painting" (2 vols. London, 1796), and received from Infante Gabriel of Spain a copy of the translation of Salluse made by the prince. In 1775, while in Spain, he was elected a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries, for which he wrote several papers, among them 'An Historical and Descriptive Account of Ripon Minster' ("Archæologia", vols. xvi. and xvii.) At his death he left to the library of York Minster a magnificent copy of Falconer's 'Strabo,' and of the rare work "Bibliotheca Arábica del Escurial". The dean was an active magistrate and zealous in his ecclesiastical duties; in one instance he was recorded as having destroyed a stage to prevent an illegal boxing match in the village of Grewelthorpe near Ripon. He was president of the Society for the Relief of the North Riding Clergy, and earnestly promoted its interests. His private charities were extensive, and he gave on several occasions large sums to increase the endowments of parishes in his own patronage or that of the chapter. Waddilove died at the deanery, Ripon, on 18 August 1828.
On 3 April 1781, at the age of 45, he married Anne Hope Grant, daughter of Sir Ludovic Grant of Grant (Luss in Argyll) who was 10 years his junior. Anne died in May 1797 after a long and painful illness, aged just 51. 
The Dean's eldest son, Thomas Darley Waddilove, died in March 1799 aged only 17, and his youngest son, Revd. Robert Darley Waddilove Jnr died in Penzance, Cornwall in July 1813 at the age of 24. 
The only one of Dean Waddilove's sons to father children was the Revd. William James Darley Waddilove MA (Hons. Cantab. St John's); he became chaplain to the Duke of Roxburghe and married Elizabeth Anne, the sister of the statesman, Sir James Robert George Graham of Netherby. William was the father of Admiral Charles Ludovic Waddilove of Beacon Grange, Hexham. One of the dean's daughters, Georgiana Maria, married Charles Christopher Oxley, of Minster House, Ripon.

</doc>
<doc id="19248693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248693" title="Macromolecular crowding">
Macromolecular crowding

The phenomenon of macromolecular crowding alters the properties of molecules in a solution when high concentrations of macromolecules such as proteins are present. Such conditions occur routinely in living cells; for instance, the cytosol of "Escherichia coli" contains about 300– of macromolecules. Crowding occurs since these high concentrations of macromolecules reduce the volume of solvent available for other molecules in the solution, which has the result of increasing their effective concentrations. 
This crowding effect can make molecules in cells behave in radically different ways than in test-tube assays. Consequently, measurements of the properties of enzymes or processes in metabolism that are made in the laboratory ("in vitro") in dilute solutions may be different by many orders of magnitude from the true values seen in living cells ("in vivo"). The study of biochemical processes under realistically crowded conditions is very important, since these conditions are a ubiquitous property of all cells and crowding may be essential for the efficient operation of metabolism.
Cause and effects.
The interior of cells is a crowded environment. For example, an "Escherichia coli" cell is only about 2 micrometres (μm) long and 0.5 μm in diameter, with a cell volume of 0.6 - 0.7 μm3. However, "E. coli" can contain up to 4,288 different types of proteins, and about 1,000 of these types are produced at a high enough level to be easily detected. Added to this mix are various forms of RNA and the cell's DNA chromosome, giving a total concentration of macromolecules of between 300 to 400 mg/ml. In eukaryotes the cell's interior is further crowded by the protein filaments that make up the cytoskeleton, this meshwork divides the cytosol into a network of narrow pores.
These high concentrations of macromolecules occupy a large proportion of the volume of the cell, which reduces the volume of solvent that is available for other macromolecules. This excluded volume effect increases the effective concentration of macromolecules (increasing their chemical activity), which in turn alters the rates and equilibrium constants of their reactions. In particular this effect alters dissociation constants by favoring the association of macromolecules, such as when multiple proteins come together to form protein complexes, or when DNA-binding proteins bind to their targets in the genome. Crowding may also affect enzyme reactions involving small molecules if the reaction involves a large change in the shape of the enzyme.
The size of the crowding effect depends on both the molecular mass and shape of the molecule involved, although mass seems to be the major factor – with the effect being stronger with larger molecules. Notably, the size of the effect is non-linear, so macromolecules are much more strongly affected than are small molecules such as amino acids or simple sugars. Macromolecular crowding is therefore an effect exerted by large molecules on the properties of other large molecules.
Importance.
Macromolecular crowding is an important effect in biochemistry and cell biology. For example, the increase in the strength of interactions between proteins and DNA produced by crowding may be of key importance in processes such as transcription and DNA replication. Crowding has also been suggested to be involved in processes as diverse as the aggregation of hemoglobin in sickle-cell disease, and the responses of cells to changes in their volume.
The importance of crowding in protein folding is of particular interest in biophysics. Here, the crowding effect can accelerate the folding process, since a compact folded protein will occupy less volume than an unfolded protein chain. However, crowding can reduce the yield of correctly folded protein by increasing protein aggregation. Crowding may also increase the effectiveness of chaperone proteins such as GroEL in the cell, which could counteract this reduction in folding efficiency. It has also been shown that macromolecular crowding affects protein-folding dynamics as well as overall protein shape where distinct conformational changes are accompanied by secondary structure alterations implying that crowding-induced shape changes may be important for protein function and malfunction in vivo.
A particularly striking example of the importance of crowding effects involves the crystallins that fill the interior of the lens. These proteins have to remain stable and in solution for the lens to be transparent; precipitation or aggregation of crystallins causes cataracts. Crystallins are present in the lens at extremely high concentrations, over 500 mg/ml, and at these levels crowding effects are very strong. The large crowding effect adds to the thermal stability of the crystallins, increasing their resistance to denaturation. This effect may partly explain the extraordinary resistance shown by the lens to damage caused by high temperatures.
Study.
Due to macromolecular crowding enzyme assays and biophysical measurements performed in dilute solution may fail to reflect the actual process and its kinetics taking place in the cytosol. One approach to produce more accurate measurements would be to use highly concentrated extracts of cells, to try to maintain the cell contents in a more natural state. However, when using such extracts it is very difficult to study one process in isolation. Consequently, the crowded effects may be mimicked "in vitro" by adding high concentrations of an inert molecule such as polyethylene glycol or ficoll to assays containing purified components. However, using such artificial crowding agents can be complicated, as these crowding molecules can sometimes interact in other ways with the process being examined, such as by binding weakly to one of the components.

</doc>
<doc id="19248701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248701" title="Andorra at the 2002 Winter Paralympics">
Andorra at the 2002 Winter Paralympics

Andorra participated in the eighth Winter Paralympic Games in Salt Lake City, United States. It was the country's first participation in the Paralympic Games. Andorra was represented by two athletes, Xavier Barios and Miguel Llongueras, who both competed in alpine skiing. Neither won a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19248710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248710" title="Fall Creek Massacre">
Fall Creek Massacre

The Fall Creek Massacre was a slaughter of nine Indians of uncertain tribal origin in 1824 by white settlers in Madison County, Indiana. Seven white men participated in the crimes. Four were captured and charged with murder. All four were convicted and sentenced to death by hanging. 
It was the first documented case in which white Americans were convicted, sentenced to capital punishment, and executed for the murder of Native Americans under the law in the United States.
The massacre.
Sometime between November 1823 and February 1824, a small party of Indians came to the area near Pendleton, Indiana, to hunt and collect maple syrup. The townspeople developed a friendly relationship with the band, which was headed by Chief Logan, a "venerable old chief" and "a friend of the white men". The party included two other men, Ludlow and M'Doal (or Mingo), three women, two boys and two girls.
The tribal origins of the group remain a mystery. Early sources close to the case, such as the Federal Indian agent John Johnston, described them as a mixed band of Seneca and Shawnee, or Mingo, from Logan, Ohio, named for the chief. Some other, slightly later sources, suggested the band included Delaware and Miami, and mixed-race members having some European ancestry. By this time, bands with remnant members from numerous tribes in the Old Northwest were quite common, but the precise backgrounds of all the members will never be known.
Thomas Harper, a frontiersman who drifted into the area early in 1824, was an obsessive hater of Indians. He convinced four other men to help him attack the small group. Two of the men were relations, his brother-in-law John T. Bridge, Sr. and Bridge's 18-year-old son John Bridge, Jr. The other two men were James Hudson and Andrew Sawyer. Another teenage boy, Andrew Jones, accompanied the attackers.
The men approached the band on March 22, 1824 and asked for help in tracking horses that had escaped from Harper's farm. Logan and Ludlow agreed to help, and they walked with the white men toward a wooded area, joking as they went. In the woods, Harper and Hudson fell behind, and shot the two Seneca men in the back. Harper and Hudson returned to the camp, where they killed the women and children. M'Doal was not in camp but witnessed the killings as he returned. He was wounded while escaping. In all, Harper's party killed nine people: two men, three women, and four children. They stole everything of value from the Indian camp and returned to their homes.
The next day, a local farmer discovered the scene of the murder and reported it. News of the crime spread quickly, and settlers feared retribution from the Native Americans of the local Delaware villages. The perpetrators had bragged of the massacre. Within a week they were all in custody, except for Harper, who had taken the stolen goods and fled to Ohio.
While the accused men awaited trial, William Conner, an interpreter and community leader, and Indian agent John Johnston traveled to the local Indian villages to talk with the people. They assured them that the men who had attacked their people had been caught and would face justice. As a result, the threat of Indian retaliation for the murders subsided.
The trials and executions.
The four men who had been arrested were tried in Madison County Court. Governor William Hendricks employed Senator James Noble to serve as prosecutor. Hoping to maintain peaceful relations with the Indians, Hendricks requested the court show no mercy on the men if they were found guilty. The cases were tried before a three-member circuit court panel, consisting of judges William Wick, Samuel Holliday, and Adam Winsell. 
James Hudson was tried first. Andrew Jones, the teenager who had accompanied the men, was a key witness in the trial. The case generated nationwide attention. Some people were surprised when Hudson was found guilty. Hudson was sentenced to death by hanging, with an execution date of December 1, 1824. It was the first time any white man in the United States had been sentenced to capital punishment for killing a Native American.
Hudson appealed to the Supreme Court of Indiana, then in session at Corydon, Indiana. The court issued an opinion on November 13, written by Chief Justice Isaac Blackford that upheld the lower court's decision and rejected all points of Hudson's appeal. Two days later, Hudson escaped from jail, and hid beneath the floor of a vacant cabin, where he suffered frostbite and dehydration. He was recaptured ten days later, when he came out of hiding to find water. While he was missing, the execution date was rescheduled to the following January.
On January 12, 1825, a large crowd, which included several Seneca Indians, gathered to witness the historic execution. The condemned man had to be carried to the gallows due to the frostbite he had suffered while in hiding.
The remaining three men were tried on May 9, 1825. All three were found guilty and sentenced to be hanged. However, while the jury found John T. Bridge, Jr. guilty of first degree murder, it recommended that he be pardoned due to the influence of his father and uncle. Additionally, a petition on his behalf was signed by 94 local men (including many members of the jury, the court clerk, several attorneys and a minister) and submitted to the Governor of Indiana, James Brown Ray. The petition cited "his youth, ignorance, and the manner which he was led into the transaction." However, by the appointed date of execution, it had not been answered.
On June 3, another large crowd, including numerous Indians, gathered for the executions. These were conducted one at a time. Andrew Sawyer was hanged first. John Bridge, Sr. was executed next. His 18-year old son, John Bridge, Jr., witnessed the hangings of his father and uncle before being led to the gallows and fitted with a noose and hood. However, at that point, Governor Ray stepped out from the crowd and stopped the execution. Presenting the pinioned teenage prisoner with a written pardon, the governor announced, "you are pardoned" and the young prisoner was immediately set free.
Aftermath.
By prosecuting white men for the murders of the Native Americans, authorities set a precedent by the trial of recognizing the civil rights of Native Americans. 
Thomas Harper, the ringleader of the murderers, was never apprehended. John Bridge, Jr. returned to his home in Ohio for a time. Later he moved to Carroll County, Indiana, where he became a storekeeper. He died in 1876.
Memorials.
In Fall Creek Park in Pendleton, a stone marker reads "Three white men were hung here in 1825 for killing Indians." In 1991, the Pendleton Historic District (Pendleton, Indiana), which includes this historical resource, was named to the National Register of Historic Places.
In 1966, the Indiana Sesquicentennial Commission erected an historic highway marker noting the incident on State Route 38 in Markleville, Madison County. It reads: "In 1824, nine Indians were murdered by white men near this spot. The men were tried, found guilty and hanged. It was the first execution of white men for killing Indians." 

</doc>
<doc id="19248714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248714" title="Gavin Barwell">
Gavin Barwell

Gavin Laurence Barwell (born 23 January 1972) is a British Conservative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Croydon Central since the 2010 general election. 
Barwell worked for the Conservative party headquarters from 1993 until his election in 2010 and was - between 2003 and 2006 - the Party's Chief Operating Officer responsible for over a hundred staff and a multi-million pound budget, sitting on the Party Board working closely with Party Leaders Michael Howard and David Cameron. He was a local councillor in the London Borough of Croydon between 1998 and 2010.
Early life.
Barwell was born in Cuckfield in West Sussex and subsequently moved to Croydon in South London where he was educated at the Trinity School of John Whitgift. He gained a degree in Natural Sciences from Trinity College, Cambridge, graduating in 1993.
He was President of the Cambridge Union (Easter Term 1993).
Political career.
Conservative Party HQ (1993–2010).
After graduating, Barwell was employed by the Conservative Central Office in a number of roles between 1993 and 2010. 
He worked at the Conservative Research Department from 1993 to 1995 as a desk officer in the home affairs section responsible for housing, local government, the environment and inner cities. He replaced James Gray as Special Adviser to Secretary of State for the Environment John Gummer MP from 1995 to 1997, and was the Head of Local Government from 1998 to 2003. He served as the Chief Operating Officer in the Campaigns Headquarters between 2003 and 2006 before being employed as a "consultant" until 2010.
He worked with Deputy Party Chairman Lord Ashcroft's target seat scheme, and significantly contributed to the Conservatives' 2010 general election plan.
Croydon borough councillor (1998–2010).
In May 1998, Barwell was elected to Croydon Council representing the Woodcote and Coulsdon West ward. In May 2006, when the Conservatives took control of the Council, he was appointed Chief Whip of the Conservative Group and he subsequently served as the Cabinet member for resources and customer services and the Cabinet member for community safety and cohesion before standing down from the Council in May 2010.
Parliamentary career (2010–present).
Barwell was chosen as the parliamentary candidate for the Conservative Party in Croydon Central. At the 2010 general election he defeated the sitting Independent MP, Andrew Pelling who had previously been elected as a Conservative. Barwell gained 39.5% of the vote, beating the Labour Party candidate, Gerry Ryan, by just under 3000 votes.
Barwell was appointed Parliamentary Private Secretary to Greg Clark, Minister for Cities and Decentralisation. In September 2012, Barwell was appointed as Parliamentary Private Secretary to Michael Gove the Secretary of State for Education. The Prime Minister appointed Barwell to the position of Assistant Government Whip on 7th October 2013.
He was a member of the House of Commons Science and Technology Select Committee (2010 - 2012) and the Draft Lords Reform Bill Joint Committee (2011 - 2012).
Until October 2013, Barwell was Secretary of the All-Party Parliamentary Group for Tamils.
His main subject interests are education, urban policy, policing, criminal justice system, crime, immigration and asylum.
His role model for being a good MP is Bernard Weatherill.
Mental Health (Discrimination) (No. 2) Bill 2012-13.
On 14 June 2012, Barwell announced that, having come fourth in the Private Members Bill ballot, he would introduce the Mental Health (Discrimination) Bill. The legislation is designed to remove automatic bans from people who have received treatment for mental illness from undertaking jury service, being removed as directors of companies and as MPs.
The Bill was introduced in June 2012 and passed its Second Reading on 14 September 2012, supported by all political parties before passing its committee stage in October 2012 with the full support of all committee members. The Report Stage and Third Reading of the Bill passed the Commons on 30 November 2012 before the Bill moved to the House of Lords where it was sponsored by Lord Stevenson of Coddenham. The bill passed its first reading in the Lords on 3 December 2012 and its third reading on 11 February 2013. The Bill became an Act of Parliament after receiving Royal Assent on 28 February 2013.
Lillian's Law.
Lillian’s Law is named after Lillian Groves, a 14 year-old constituent of Barwell's who was killed outside her home in New Addington by a driver under the influence of drugs. He was sentenced to eight months in jail and served four months.
Barwell successfully lobbied the Prime Minister, David Cameron to introduce legislation to make driving under the influence of drugs a similar offence to driving under the influence of alcohol. Cameron met with the Groves family and legislation was included in the 2012 Queen's Speech.
Personal life.
Barwell married Karen McKenzie in 2001. His wife, a speech and language therapist used to work at Applegarth School in New Addington. The couple have three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19248715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248715" title="Bachelor Flat">
Bachelor Flat

Bachelor Flat is a 1962 American comedy film starring Terry-Thomas, Tuesday Weld, Richard Beymer and Celeste Holm. Filmed in CinemaScope in Malibu, the film is a revised version of director Frank Tashlin's own "Susan Slept Here" of 1954.
Plot.
A charming British anthropology Professor Bruce Patterson (Terry-Thomas) has to live with Helen Bushmill (Celeste Holm), his fiancée. Helen is away traveling, and has failed to tell him that she has a seventeen-year-old daughter Libby (Tuesday Weld), who shows up at her mother's home unaware that Helen is engaged. Meanwhile he has to resist the advances of the neighbourhood ladies who barge in unexpectedly. At the same time, Patterson must deal with the continual invasions of his cynical neighbor, and law student, Mike (Richard Beymer), who soon develops a crush on Libby. Intertwined in the story is Mike's persistent dachshund, determined to bury the professor's prize possession of a rare dinosaur bone.
In an interview with Peter Bogdanovich, Tashlin said he included the dachshund as a satire on CinemaScope due to the dog's shape.
Critical reviews.
"Variety" called it a "frivolous, farcical concoction" and credits much of the great comedy to the supporting cast. They praise Terry-Thomas' "comic intuition and creativity" saying it is also "responsible for most of the merriment." However, they say "neither Weld nor Beymer seems comfortably at home in farce, and the strain often shows through," and that Celeste Holm is "stuck regrettably in a rather bland role." The critic adds: "The dachshund, incidentally, is an accomplished low comedienne."
Eugene Archer in the "New York Times" did not find favor with the film, stating that Terry-Thomas "is at the mercy of the writer-director who usually turns out Jerry Lewis' broadest japes," referencing director Tashlin as the "responsible party." He also calls the plot "flimsy" and that Terry-Thomas "seems perplexed" in his performance. He concludes that "viewers with a tolerance for brash vulgarity and a fitful pace" will most likely show "astonishment, resignation and, eventually, mild amusement."

</doc>
<doc id="19248720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248720" title="Parpaner Schwarzhorn">
Parpaner Schwarzhorn

The Parpaner Schwarzhorn is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking Parpan in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of the Parpaner Weisshorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19248727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248727" title="MegaWars III">
MegaWars III

MegaWars III was a massively multiplayer empire building game written by Kesmai and run continuously on CompuServe between 1984 and 1999. It was one of CompuServe's most popular games throughout its lifetime, and was only shut down because they switched to their web-based "CompuServe 2000" interface that would not cleanly support it. A modified version, Stellar Emperor ran for much of the same time period on GEnie, also ending in 1999 when that service shut down by General Electric. A new version of "Stellar Emperor", sporting a new client-server GUI, was run for a short period on GameStorm.
History.
S.
In 1979 University of Virginia 4th year students Kelton Flinn and John Taylor started work on a game for the Hewlett-Packard HP 2000F time sharing minicomputer. Known simply as "S", the game supported up to eight players on directly connected 2400 baud terminals. Much of what would become "MegaWars III" was present in "S", but greatly simplified. This included ship-to-ship combat, the galaxy layout and creation engine, and a simple planetary economics system. The game was much "smaller" however, supporting fewer players and a smaller 255-system "galaxy".
MegaWars.
Bill Louden was in charge of games at CompuServe. In 1982 he purchased a version of "DECWAR" and turned it over to the programmers at Kesmai, who wrote many of CompuServe's games. While completing their doctorates, Flinn and Taylor started Kesmai, a reference to their first commercial product, "Islands of Kesmai". They found that the copyright said nothing about commercial uses, and quickly produced a new version that removed any potentially lawsuit-friendly names from the "Star Trek" universe with more generic versions.
The new version, "MegaWars", went live on CompuServe in 1983 and ran continuously until 1998, although there were a few times where they closed it down during that period only to revive it after receiving complaints from the players. Numerous additions were made during its run, notably different classes of ships, and later versions looked little like the original "DECWAR".
In 1985 Louden left CompuServe to form GEnie at General Electric. Kesmai re-scrubbed the system for use on GEnie, producing "Stellar Warrior". Like "MegaWars", "Stellar Warrior" ran for years, and was finally killed when GEnie was shut down in 1999.
MegaWars III.
Returning to S, CompuServe asked the game to be tied to "MegaWars", which was a big hit, and the new version emerged as "MegaWars III", II being a client-server version of the original "MegaWars" which was not released.
During the conversion, the game was greatly expanded. The maximum number of players was increased from eight to 100, and the galaxy contained 1000 systems. However, another feature was lost; in "S" the player could close with an enemy ship in space and attempt to take it over, taking that ship's cargo if they were successful.
MegaWars III, The Rebirth.
Mega Wars III, The Rebirth is a browser based reincarnation of Mega Wars 3 played on CompuServe and Stellar Emperor played on GEnie in the 1980s. Rebirth was created by David Baity, a well-known player of the original Mega Wars III. While following the same gameplay mechanics, the entire game has been recoded from scratch with modern programming standards. Greatly enhanced performance has eliminated all limitations to the number of players. Additionally, third party applications can easily be integrated into the game and several have been written. The initial release of Rebirth took place in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19248729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248729" title="Russell Mawby">
Russell Mawby

Russell G. Mawby, Ph.D., chairman emeritus of the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, has earned a global reputation as a visionary leader in philanthropy. He led the W.K. Kellogg Foundation for 25 years, during which he was credited for creativity in programming by providing opportunities for youth and leadership in the field.
Early life and philanthropy.
Russell Mawby was born in Kent County, Michigan in 1928 and grew up on a fruit farm. From an early age his parents instilled in him the importance of a good education. This along with farming and agriculture, Boy Scouts of America and 4-H programs, influenced the type of philanthropic work he was involved in at the W.K. Kellogg Foundation.
Education and career.
Mawby attended Michigan State University and graduated with a baccalaureate degree in horticulture. In 1951 he completed his Master's degree in Agricultural Economics from Purdue University, and in 1959 he received his doctorate, also in Agricultural Economics, from Michigan State University. Mawby served on the faculties of both institutions once he completed his degrees and later became a professor and assistant director of the Cooperative Extension Service responsible for 4-H Clubs and youth programming throughout Michigan.
In December 1964, upon the completion of his doctorate degree, Mawby joined the staff of the W.K. Kellogg Foundation as director of the Division of Agriculture. In that position, he developed the Michigan Agricultural Leadership Program, which became a model for the national rural leadership movement. Just three years later he was promoted to vice president and in 1970 became the president and chief executive officer. Under his guidance, the Kellogg Foundation became the national leader in providing support and funding for innovative programs in a number of fields including adult continuing education, access to primary health care, and the development of leadership, especially through the Kellogg National Fellowship Program. Additionally, he spearheaded projects throughout the United States of America, Europe, and Latin America. Upon Mawby's retirement in 1995, he served as a foundation trustee until 2000 and currently serves as an honorary trustee.
Dr. Russell G. Mawby Fellowship in Philanthropic Studies.
In 2007, the Mawby Fellowship for Philanthropic Studies was established at the Dorothy A. Johnson Center for Philanthropy at Grand Valley State University (GVSU), located in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The fellowship is an interdisciplinary project that pairs one GVSU faculty member with two undergraduate students on a research topic focusing on the intersection between any field of academic study and/or the theory and/or practice of philanthropy. This ongoing fellowship program honors Dr. Mawby's lifelong devotion to nurturing, mentoring, and opening doors of opportunity for youth worldwide, as well as his quarter century of leadership in the world of philanthropy as the CEO of the W.K. Kellogg Foundation.
Mawby Faculty Fellows:
2008-2010 Gleaves Whitney, director of the Hauenstein Center for Presidential Studies completed the first Mawby Fellowship with a project deemed "Philanthropy and the Presidency." His research examined the role philanthropy played in the administrations of Herbert Hoover and John F. Kennedy.
2010-2011 Carol Sanchez, professor of management from GVSU's Seidman College of Business completed the second Mawby Fellowship with a project, "NGO/Business Partnerships: Meeting Needs of Customers at the Base of the Pyramid," exploring the relationship of nongovernmental organizations that serve the poorest of the poor in the world (the "base of the Pyramid.")
2011-2012 Jennifer Pope, associate professor of marketing in the Seidman College of Business at GVSU worked on a study that develops a marketing strategy specifically targeting nonprofit organizations.
2012-2013 Heather Carpenter, assistant professor, School of Public, Nonprofit and Health Administration, conducted a needs assessment to determine the most crucial needs of West Michigan area nonprofits and released the 2013 Nonprofit Needs Assessment, A Profile of Michigan's Most Urgent Professional Development Needs.
Russell G. Mawby collection.
In 2007, Dr. Mawby made a gift of his personal papers to the Johnson Center. This archive documents the accomplishments of a central leader in the statewide and national philanthropic fields during a pivotal time in their history, beginning with the run-up to the Tax Reform Act of 1969, covering its turbulent aftermath, continuing with the increasing diversification of philanthropy during the 1980s, the massive growth in giving caused by the tech boom of the 1990s, and carrying forward to the present day. The Mawby Collection is the signature holding of the Johnson Center Philanthropy Archives and is available to researchers online and at the Seidman House. Russell G. Mawby finding aid lists in detail the materials in the collection. Speeches and field notes are accessible online in the digital collection Russell G. Mawby digital collection.
Publications.
Russell Mawby, along with James Richmond, authored a book detailing his life throughout his childhood into his retirement on all of his philanthropic work. "Russell G. Mawby: Recollections of a Man Whose Epitaph Would Say 'He Cared was written in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19248747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248747" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Bastrop County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bastrop County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Bastrop County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bastrop County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
References.
Bastrop Historic and Architectural MRA

</doc>
<doc id="19248754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248754" title="Gymnastics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's sidehorse vault">
Gymnastics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's sidehorse vault

The men's sidehorse vault event was part of the gymnastics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. It was one of nine gymnastics events and it was contested for the first and up to now last time. The competition was held on Tuesday, July 22, 1924.
Seventy gymnasts from nine nations competed.

</doc>
<doc id="19248758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248758" title="Hadamard–Rybczynski equation">
Hadamard–Rybczynski equation

In fluid dynamics, the Hadamard–Rybczynski equation gives the terminal velocity of slowly moving spherical bubble through an ambient fluid. It is named after Jacques Hadamard and Witold Rybczynski:
where 
The Hadamard–Rybczynski equation can be derived from the Navier–Stokes equations by considering only the buoyancy force and drag force acting on the moving bubble. The surface tension force and inertia force of the bubble are neglected.

</doc>
<doc id="19248783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248783" title="Castle Keep">
Castle Keep

Castle Keep is a "firmly pro- and anti-war" 1969 American war film combining surrealism with tragic realism. It was directed by Sydney Pollack and starred Burt Lancaster, Patrick O'Neal, Jean-Pierre Aumont, Bruce Dern, and Peter Falk. The movie appeared in the summer of 1969, a few months before the arrival of Pollack's smash hit "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?".
The film is based on a novel by William Eastlake published in 1965. Eastlake enlisted in the US Army in 1942. He served in the Infantry for four and a half years, and was wounded while leading a platoon during the Battle of the Bulge.
Plot.
Prior to the Battle of the Bulge, a ragtag squad of American soldiers, led by one-eyed Major Falconer (Burt Lancaster) and including Sgt. Rossi (Peter Falk), art expert Captain Beckman (Patrick O'Neal) and the narrator, Pvt. Allistair Benjamin (Al Freeman, Jr.), take shelter in an ancient castle, containing many priceless and irreplaceable art treasures. The impotent Count (Jean-Pierre Aumont) hopes the Major will impregnate the Countess (Astrid Heeren) so that his line may continue. The enlisted men seek their pleasures in the brothel of the nearby town whilst Beckman marvels in the castle's artworks. One of the soldiers falls in love with a Volkswagen Beetle.
Though the men are eager to sit out the war that they feel will soon end, the experienced Major Falconer predicts that Germans will attack the thin American positions in the Ardennes and that the castle is a strategic point in the Germans advanced towards the crossroads of Bastogne. The Major's theories are confirmed when he sees German star shell signals and successfully ambushes a German reconnaissance patrol led by a German officer who was once also billeted in the castle.
Captain Beckman and the Count are horrified that the Major will not abandon the castle that will lead surely lead to its destruction. Falconer prepares defensive positions around the castle and deploys his men in the town. He attempts to rally shell shocked retreating American soldiers using a band of hymn singing conscientious objectors deserters to draw them to the castle. The Count also has a scheme to let the Germans seize the castle by using an underground tunnel to gain access.
At the conclusion of the film, everyone defending the castle, (with the exeception of Pvt. Benjamin and the pregnant Countess who escaped to safety following the orders of Maj. Falconer), and the Count, is killed by the attacking Germans, and much of the castle, (along with its art treasures), has been destroyed by tanks and other modern day weapons.
Quotes.
'Europe's dying." "No Beckman, shes's dead. That's why we're here. Don't you read the newspapers?' - Major Falconer
Production.
The film was shot in Novi Sad, Serbia. Sydney Pollack recalled that Burt Lancaster first wished him to direct the film in 1966 and that the castle which was made of styrofoam was inspired by Walt Disney and dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="19248788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248788" title="2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres">
2001 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 400 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Championships in Edmonton, Canada. There were a total number of 55 participating athletes, with seven qualifying heats, three semi-finals and the final held on Monday 6 August 2001 at 18:25h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
<br>
Heats.
Held on Tuesday 7 August 2001
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19248790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248790" title="Patient lift">
Patient lift

A patient lift (patient hoist, jack hoist, hydraulic lift) may be either a sling lift (or Hoyer Lift, a brand name) or sit-to-stand lift. This is an assistive device that allows patients in hospitals and nursing homes and those receiving home health care to be transferred between a bed and a chair or other similar resting places, using hydraulic power. Sling lifts are used for patients whose mobility is limited. They could be mobile (or floor) lifts or overhead lifts (suspended from ceiling-mounted or overhead tracks).
The sit-to-stand lift is designed to help patients with some mobility but who lack the strength or muscle control to rise to a standing position from a bed, wheelchair, chair, or commode. They use straps, vests, or belts (as opposed to slings) to make the transition possible.
Sling lift.
The sling lift has several advantages. It allows heavy patients to be transferred while decreasing stress on caregivers while also reducing the number of nursing staff required to move patients. It also reduces the chance of orthopedic injury from lifting patients. Patients who have medical conditions that do not allow them to be bent and compressed by the sling as they are hoisted (i.e., cannot withstand "vertical transfer") will require specialised slings which can lift horizontally, or use other assistive devices for transfer. The other types of transfer device which allow for lateral or supine (supine position) transfer are stretcher chairs (also called transfer or convertible chairs) that allow patients to be slid or dragged from the bed onto a mobile stretcher that then converts to a mobile chair, and inflatable sliding mats which use air bearing technology to reduce friction during lateral transfer (see Lateral Patient Air Transfer). Other less expensive alternatives are disposable or washable sliding sheets and sliding boards.
The term sling lift is also known as Hoyer Lift which refers to the oldest and most common brand name in the United States. The basic design for the sling lift was patented in 1955 by R.R. Stratton, and titled "Floor Crane with Adjustable Legs" (). According to the patent, the lift's design was based on a similar device used in "automotive repair shops" which is described as a "floor crane available for lifting engines and other heavy parts". The adjustable "wide-spread legs" of the crane were needed to make the device maneuverable when the legs are parallel to each other but stable under heavy load when they are spread out at an angle. Modern floor lifts maintain the basic elements of the original 1950s design described in the patent.
Use of the a sling lift involves placing a special piece of fabric, called a sling, under the patient (usually made of woven nylon, cotton, or a similar material to a modern hammock), which can hold the weight of the patient while suspended in air. The fabric is attached to a series of hooks or clips.
Some variations of the sling involve the placement of a padded sling under the patient. When the patient is elevated, these pads hold the patient in place. Other kinds of specialized slings are toileting slings, amputee slings, quadriplegic slings (contain additional head support), showering slings and repositioning slings (for turning or sliding patients in bed), disposable slings (for enhanced infection control), and stretcher slings (for supine transfer). It is important that medical staff do an assessment of the patient's size, weight, and medical condition in order to select the proper sling to avoid injuring the patient during transfer. To reduce the risk of cross infection which is of critical importance in hospitals, the slings are often disposable or patient specific.
One limitation of common slings is that they bend and compress the patient during transfer which can be difficult for patients with painful medical conditions. Most patients must also be "log rolled" onto the sling prior to being hoisted which makes the transfer process a more complex activity. Nurses and Certified Nursing Assistants often receive specialized training in order to use the patient lift safely and effectively.
Another kind of sling lift, which is called a ceiling lift, can be permanently installed on the ceiling of a room in order to save space. Floor sling lifts usually have a wheeled base that requires additional space on the side of the patient's bed during transfer. The ceiling lift eliminates this space issue because the patient is supported by ceiling tracks instead of by the wheeled base. Ceiling lifts use the same sling technology as floor sling lifts. However, they usually have a "track system" attached to the ceiling for horizontal movement of the patient within the patient's room and often into an adjoining bathroom. Ceiling lifts also use an overhead electric motor (i.e., they are not hydraulic) controlled by a hand-held set of push buttons to raise and lower the patient. In most cases, the same overhead motor is used to move the patient horizontally, but such movement is limited by the placement of the overhead ceiling track system. Today, overhead or ceiling lifts, are becoming more common and are often installed when new hospitals, nursing homes, etc. are built.
Modular free-standing (or A-frame) overhead track systems are also available. These systems are less expensive than permanent ceiling track installations. The can also be quickly disassembled and moved from room to room as required. These systems are known as gantry hoists and are particularly useful for individuals who are travelling.
Sling lifts (both ceiling lifts and floor lifts) are available with an integrated patient scale which saves time since the patient can be weighed during transfer.
Sit-to-stand lift.
Sit-to-stand lifts are designed to help patients who lack the strength or muscle control to rise to a standing position from a bed, wheelchair, chair, or commode. They use straps, vests, or belts (as opposed to slings) positioned around the patient's back usually fitting under their arms. They are therefore technically not "sling lifts" which are used for vertical patient transfer. Sit-to-stand lifts fix the patient legs in position exerting pressure on the patient's caves as the belt or strap is tightened by the lift mechanism. This tightening gradually moves the patient's body diagonally into a standing position. Standing is medically beneficial to reduce conditions such as osteoporosis which can occur when a disabled patient's bones weaken over time because they are no longer used support the patient's weight.
Sit-to-stand devices are designed to transfer a patient between two seating surfaces. These include surfaces such as a commode, shower or transfer bench, wheelchair, chair, and bedside or mattress. The physical demands required to transfer a patient using a sit-to-stand device are significantly
less than manually performing a stand-and-pivot
transfer thus decreasing the chances of caregiver back or shoulder
overexertion injuries. Since sit-to-stand lifts typically have a smaller base than floor sling lifts, they can more easily fit and maneuver a patient into tight spaces such as bath and shower rooms.
The limitations of sit-to-stand lifts is that patients must be able to first sit up and second to physically support their own weight while in a standing position in order to use these devices.
The role of Safe Patient Handling programs.
There has been considerable effort put forth by nursing advocacy groups (see the American Nursing Association's "Handle With Care" program at http://www.Nursingworld.org and http://www.anasafepatienthandling.org ) to encourage hospitals and nursing homes to adopt "zero-lift" or "no-lift" programs in order to prevent orthopedic injuries in healthcare workers. However such Safe Patient Handling and Movement (SPH&M) programs, which require the use of mechanical lifting aids, are sometimes difficult to implement. This is in part due to the time and effort required to safely use lift equipment. Transferring a patient with a lift takes between three and six minutes which is considerably longer than moving a patient manually. Lift manufacturers emphasize that the added time it takes to use lifts is worthwhile since mechanical lifting aids improve caregiver and patient safety and while also preventing patient falls.
One approach that has been used successfully is to create a facility "lift team" that is on call (usually 12 hours a day), and specializes in moving patients. This eliminates a number of issues mentioned above since the lift team brings the lift with them to the patient's room, maintains it in proper working order, is knowledgeable in the use of the lift, has special expertise in sling selection, and can move patients quickly and safely. The downside of the lift team is that the team(s) may be busy when needed, and patients who need to be mobilized quickly to meet schedules must wait for a team to become available. Most lift teams seek to guarantee that they will arrive in the patient's room and begin transfer in less than 20 minutes after the nurse makes a request for service.
Normally, much consideration is given to the patient’s comfort and wellbeing during the transfer process. For some patients, the use of a patient lift is more dignified than transferring a patient manually while some consider being hoisted in a sling less dignified. Lifts can enable families or caregivers to mobilize patients in the home setting rather than forcing patients to be relocated to an institutional setting. The inability to mobilize patients at home is one of the primary reasons that patients find it necessary to leave the home environment and enter a nursing home when they become temporarily or permanently disabled.
Safe patient handling is especially important in the area of bariatric care. Bariatric patients who are classified as patient who weigh more than 300 pounds require additional staff training and specialized equipment for transfer, showering, toileting, etc.
Legal issues.
While patient lifts are often used by only one health care worker without assistance, most manufacturers require that two caregivers be present. However, the single caregiver approach makes the patient lift more usable in home care settings where there is often only one caregiver per patient. In either case, patient lifts require special care in their use, as any mistakes made may result in serious injury. Some injuries that have been caused by improper use or malfunction of Hoyer lifts have led to civil lawsuits.
In 1999, a lawsuit was filed after two women were injured in falls at a Massachusetts Sunrise Senior Living facility.
In January 2008, the family of an elderly Naples, Florida woman sued the nursing home where the woman was residing after she died from a fall off a Hoyer lift. The lawsuit alleges that the nursing home did not take X-rays following her fall.
In October 2006, Linda Ober, a resident of the Gateway nursing home in Oregon was dropped during transfer from a wheelchair to her bed while using a sling lift for transfer. The fall occurred because of an improperly positioned sling. The fall broke both of her legs. The nursing home failed to give her treatment following the fall for five days which resulted in the filing of criminal charges against two nursing employees and a 5.3 million dollar lawsuit against the nursing home. Ms. Ober later died of medical complications resulting from the fall.

</doc>
<doc id="19248794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248794" title="Breithorn (Saflischtal)">
Breithorn (Saflischtal)

The Breithorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps in Valais. It overlooks the Saflischtal (part of the Binntal) east of the Bättlihorn.

</doc>
<doc id="19248807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248807" title="Sas II coat of arms">
Sas II coat of arms

Sas II - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="19248827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248827" title="The Nest">
The Nest

The Nest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19248840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248840" title="KRSL">
KRSL

KRSL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19248851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248851" title="Canadian leaders debates">
Canadian leaders debates

Canadian leaders' debates are leaders' debates televised during federal elections in Canada, made up of two debates, one in French and one in English, usually held on back-to-back nights. The first time these debates were held was during the 1968 election. They are currently produced by a consortium of the main Canadian television networks, namely the CBC/SRC, CTV, Global and TVA, although other channels such as CPAC (and C-SPAN in the United States; English-language debate only) carry the broadcasts as well.
Inclusion criteria.
Although there are usually a dozen or so political parties registered with Elections Canada at any given time, not all party leaders participate in the debate. The rules have shifted over time, but the most accepted criteria requires that a political party needs to have representation in the House of Commons as well as proven popular support in the country of at least 5 per cent of popular vote in the polls. Over the years, there have been at least three, and as many as five, leaders at each such debate.
Following the 1988 federal election, after a decision of the Attorney General of Canada to stay a prosecution under the Broadcasting Act initiated by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) against several Canadian Television networks, at the instance of the CRTC, a private prosecution was instituted on behalf of the Green Party of Canada by former Chief Agent and Treasurer Greg Vezina against CBC, CTV and Global, claiming that these broadcasters had breached the Television Broadcasting Regulations 1987, because they had not included the Green Party and other accredited and registered small political party leaders in the leaders' debates during a federal general election and had failed to provide equitable time to them.
In R. v. Canadian Broadcasting Corporation et al., 51 C.P.R.(3d), the Ontario Court of Appeal held that debates were not of a partisan political character. The Court believed that while the participants in a debate may very well be partisan, the program itself, because it presented more than one view, was not. The Court therefore ruled that debates were not covered by the relevant section of the regulations and notwithstanding provisions of under the Canada Elections Act limiting, restricting and in many cases prohibiting contributions of political advertizing and broadcasting, declared both Acts to be 'a complete code' and therefore there was no requirement to provide any time at all for parties or candidates excluded from debates during election campaigns no matter how many candidates or parties were excluded so long as two or more were included in such programs. (Broadcasters and other media used the same reasoning to exclude commentators and representatives from smaller parties in news and public affairs panels and programs both during and in between elections in Canada.) The case was appealed to the Supreme Court of Canada which refused to grant leave to appeal (without reasons as is the custom) in decision 23881 by Justices La Forest, Sopinka and Major JJ, released on May 6, 1994. Subsequently, the CRTC issued Public Notice CRTC 1995-44, Election-period broadcasting: Debates, which stated, In view of this judgment, the Commission will no longer require that so-called "debates" programs feature all rival parties or candidates in one or more programs.
In both the 1993 election and the 2000 election, Greg Vezina working as an independent producer and the Green Party and the Natural Law Party of Canada organized All Party Leaders Debates which invited the leaders of all registered and accredited parties to participate. On both occasions the leaders of the major parties declined, but the leaders of the other smaller political parties participated. While all other members of the Election Broadcasting Consortium failed to broadcast the 1993 program after announcing they would, in both the 1993 and 2000 the one hour debates were carried on CBC Newsworld and the debates and another hour of town hall questions and answers afterword on CPAC (English: Cable Public Affairs Channel and in French: La Chaîne d'affaires publiques par câble). The 2000 Debate was the first of its kind broadcast and archived on the Internet on the Democracy Channel website
Prior to the 2008 election, the Green Party, which, from at least the 1997 election until 2008, was consistently the highest-polling party among those without a seat in Parliament, had unsuccessfully argued on several occasions for a role in the debates.
Some commentators have questioned the rationale for allowing the Bloc Québécois to participate in the English-language debates, given that the Bloc does not contest any ridings outside the predominantly French-language province of Quebec, and garners little support from that province's anglophone residents. In the 1993 French-language debate, Reform Party leader Preston Manning opted to make only an opening statement, as he was only fluent in English at the time. However, as parties with seats in the House of Commons prior to the election, they qualify (or qualified) regardless of this criticism. In 2011, there was considerable controversy about the exclusion of Green Party leader Elizabeth May, who had participated in the 2008 debate.
2005/6 debates.
There were four debates for the 2006 election. The first two were held in Vancouver. The French-language debate was on Thursday, December 15, followed the next day by the English debate, which was moderated by Trina McQueen, who was President and COO of CTVGlobemedia from 2000 to 2002. The final debates were scheduled for Gatineau or Montreal, the English-language debate on Monday, January 9, the French-language debate on January 10.
The four participants were Liberal leader and incumbent prime minister Paul Martin, Conservative leader Stephen Harper, NDP leader Jack Layton, and Bloc Québécois leader Gilles Duceppe.
2008 debates.
Two debates took place during the 2008 election. The French language debate was on October 1 from 8:00 to 10:00 p.m. EDT and was moderated by Stéphan Bureau. The English language debate was held the following evening, from 9:00 to 11:00 p.m. EDT, and was moderated by Steve Paikin. Both were held at the National Arts Centre in Ottawa. The timing of the English debate, at exactly the same time as the previously-scheduled U.S. vice presidential debate, means that Canadian networks did not have to preempt any popular simulcast American programming in order to carry the domestic broadcast. Sources close to the consortium reported that this was indeed a key motivation for choosing the October 2 date.
The five participants were Conservative leader and incumbent prime minister Stephen Harper, Liberal leader Stéphane Dion, NDP leader Jack Layton, Bloc Québécois leader Gilles Duceppe, and Green Party leader Elizabeth May.
The consortium had originally announced that the Greens would again be excluded from the debates, despite securing sitting MP Blair Wilson as the Greens' first MP just prior to dissolution. Two parties, the Conservatives and the NDP, opposed the inclusion of the Green Party, citing a deal struck between the Green Party and Liberals where the Liberals would not run in Green Party leader Elizabeth May's riding, Central Nova, and the Green party in Liberal leader Stéphane Dion's riding, Saint-Laurent—Cartierville. Stephen Harper and Jack Layton said that if the Green Party were included, they would not participate in the Leaders' Debates. Dion said that while he supports May's inclusion, he would not attend if the prime minister does not, and the Bloc Québécois said it never threatened to boycott the debates. The media consortium in charge of the debate decided that it would prefer to broadcast the debates with the four major party leaders, rather than risk not at all. The Green Party indicated they would lodge a formal complaint with the CRTC. Tony Burman, a former CBC News Chief and Chair of the Network Consortium called the process "a sham" and called for an independent body to govern the debates.
A considerable public outcry resulted, with extensive coverage on TV, radio, and websites. The NDP leader in particular came under pressure from his own members and supporters. Former prime minister Joe Clark called for May to be included. On September 10, the Conservatives and NDP announced they no longer opposed May's participation; shortly thereafter, the consortium invited May to participate.
Format and draw results.
The following format was to be followed for the 2008 debates:
The parties and the consortium later agreed to allot additional time to the economy because of the 2008 global economic crisis. The opening and closing statements have been eliminated.
Pursuant to draws held on September 19, the following order was used for the debates:
2011 debates.
Two debates took place during the 2011 election. The English language debate was held on April 12, 2011 from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. EDT, and was moderated by Steve Paikin. The French language debate was held on April 13 from 8:00 to 10:00 p.m. EDT and was co-moderated by Paul Larocque and Anne-Marie Dussault. Both were held at the Government Conference Centre in Ottawa. The original timing of the French debate, which after it was chosen became in conflict with a Montreal Canadiens Playoff hockey game, and as a result was moved ahead by one night. The four participants in both debates were Conservative leader and incumbent prime minister Stephen Harper, Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff, NDP leader Jack Layton, and Bloc Québécois leader Gilles Duceppe. Green Party leader Elizabeth May was excluded from the debate by the media consortium, as her party did not have representation in the House of Commons.
The English debate was best known for Layton's attack on Ignatieff for having the worst House of Commons attendance record of any of the party leaders. Layton said “You know, most Canadians, if they don’t show up for work, they don’t get a promotion." This quote has been compared to Brian Mulroney's “You had an option, sir — you could have said 'no.'” rebuttal to John Napier Turner.

</doc>
<doc id="19248852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248852" title="McDynamo">
McDynamo

McDynamo is a thoroughbred gelding who is a five-time winner of the Grade 1 Breeders' Cup Grand National Steeplechase at the Far Hills Races and a three-time honoree with the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Steeplechase horse. McDynamo was sired by Dynaformer.
History.
Owner Michael Moran bought McDynamo for $82,000 at the Keeneland yearling sale in September 1998.
As a three-year-old, McDynamo came in seventh at the Pimlico Race Course in May 2000 in his debut race. He won his next start at Pimlico at 1½-miles, but had just two more starts before being sidelined for a year after surgery to remove a hind ankle chip. He won only one of five races as a four-year old. After unsuccessful efforts at Saratoga Race Course (ridden by Pat Day) and Belmont Park, Moran turned McDynamo to Sanna Hendriks, who specializes in training steeplechasers. McDynamo won his first jump race by 4¼-lengths at Far Hills Races on October 20, 2001.
The 2004 running of the Grade 1 $175,000 Breeders' Cup Steeplechase saw McDynamo, then a 7-year-old gelding coming back for his first race in 11 months after recovering from hock surgery, win the race for a second consecutive year, defeating Hirapour by 1½ lengths in a finishing time of 5:06.8. The race covered a 2⅝-mile distance and jumps over 14 fences. The crowd was estimated at 45,000.
The 2007 running saw McDynamo running for a fifth consecutive title, one of nine horses running for the Grade 1 Breeders' Cup Grand National, with a purse of $300,000. At the age of 10, McDynamo was the oldest of 43 horses competing at Far Hills that day. All starters in the race carried 156 pounds.
McDynamo was named Eclipse Award for Outstanding Steeplechase horse in 2003, 2005 and 2006. He was an Eclipse Award finalist every year from 2002 to 2007, and won at least one Grade 1 steeplechase race in each of those seasons. He was retired from racing at the end of 2007.
In 2013, McDynamo was inducted into the National Museum of Racing & Hall of Fame in Saratoga Springs, NY. 
McDynamo holds the current U.S. Steeplechase record for earnings with $1,310,104.

</doc>
<doc id="19248855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248855" title="Angola at the Paralympics">
Angola at the Paralympics

Angola first competed at the Summer Paralympic Games in 1996, and has competed in every edition of the Summer Paralympics since then. The country has never participated in the Winter Paralympic Games.
All Angolan Paralympians have competed in track and field.
Angola's first Paralympic medals came in 2004, when Jose Armando Sayovo took three gold medals in the men's 100m, 200m and 400m sprints in the T11 disability category. Armando competed again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, and won his country's only medals of the Games - three silvers.
Angola will be taking part in the 2012 Summer Paralympics, and the Comite Paralimpico Angolano have chosen Bedford as the UK base for its Paralympians.

</doc>
<doc id="19248856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248856" title="KRYD">
KRYD

KRYD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19248857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248857" title="2002 Franklin Templeton Classic – Singles">
2002 Franklin Templeton Classic – Singles

Francisco Clavet was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Andre Agassi.
Agassi won in the final 6–2, 7–6(7–2) against Juan Balcells.

</doc>
<doc id="19248873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248873" title="Sabres Hockey Network">
Sabres Hockey Network

The Sabres Hockey Network is the official radio and television broadcast network of the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League. The network is currently operated jointly by the Sabres and by Entercom Communications.
Rick Jeanneret is the network's primary play-by-play voice and has served in that capacity since 1971, with Rob Ray currently serving as color commentator. In the 2008-2009 season, former Winnipeg Jets/Phoenix Coyotes broadcaster Curt Keilback covered for Jeanneret during the team's western road trip. In the 2009-2010 season, the Sabres did not send their television broadcast crew on the western road trip and used the local broadcasts of the Phoenix Coyotes, Anaheim Ducks, Los Angeles Kings and Vancouver Canucks as the "home" broadcast. Jeanneret and then color commentator Harry Neale had reduced duties for 2011–2012, with the duo only handling home games and a third of the road games; Kevin Sylvester and Danny Gare handled the broadcasts of the remaining games that season.
The radio network's postgame show is hosted by WGR personality Brian Koziol. Mike Schopp and Chris "Bulldog" Parker host the pre-game show, which airs only on WGR. On television, a pregame show and postgame show are broadcast, and hosted by Brian Duff, Harry Neale and Mike Robitaille. (Prior to 2005, the television pregame-postgame shows were simulcast on radio. The postgame was known as "Hockey Hotline" and hosted by Robitaille, first with host Brian Blessing and then Josh Mora.)
The theme song for broadcasts has been the "Sabre Dance" by Aram Khachaturian since the team's debut. From the 2006 Stanley Cup Playoffs through the 2009–10 season, the team used for its main theme an instrumental cut of "Hurricane 2000," an orchestral arrangement of the song "Rock You Like a Hurricane" recorded by Scorpions and the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra on the album "Moment of Glory". From the 1990s through 2006 the team used a custom-made theme. Beginning shortly after Terry Pegula's acquisition of the team, the song was changed back to "Sabre Dance." For the 2011-12 season, a hard-rock version of "Sabre Dance" rotates with MSG Network's standard hockey theme as the theme for the Sabres Hockey Network broadcasts.
Television.
The Sabres Hockey Network airs on MSG Network throughout Upstate New York; the team and network are contracted for 70 games, with the play-by-play and commentary simulcasted over video. The other 12 air only on the radio half of the network, including all games broadcast on the league's national outlets. Games against the New York Rangers, New York Islanders or New Jersey Devils (other hockey teams to which MSG owns TV rights) will carry the Sabres Hockey Network feed on the SAP of MSG or MSG Plus in New York City and the surrounding areas. MSG and the Sabres have an agreement to carry Sabres games through 2016. The Sabres also have the capabilities to broadcast preseason home games on the team's Web site.
On DirecTV, channel 638 (and 638-1 for HD games) is used exclusively for Sabres games. Due to a dispute between MSG and Dish Network, Sabres games are not available on that medium. The games are available on Verizon FiOS, with high-definition feeds only arriving in late 2011 after a protracted legal dispute in which MSG refused to provide Verizon with an HD feed. The network is also available on Time Warner Cable, the predominant cable provider in New York State; the two sides had an approximately 1½-month contract dispute that left games unavailable on cable for most of the state.
Starting with the 2013-14 season, Bell TV will be re-broadcasting MSG broadcasts into Canada in areas within 50 miles of First Niagara Center (the Niagara Region, Stoney Creek and Dunnville) on channel 442 which is dubbed "Sabres TV" at the moment by Bell. Local telecasts of Sabres games had not been available in Canada since they moved to cable with the Empire Sports Network's launch in 1991, even though the area is in the Sabres' territory; international regulatory hurdles had to be cleared before the games could be broadcast across the border.
In the past, single games were sold to one of the Buffalo broadcast stations (WGRZ-TV, WIVB-TV and WKBW-TV), usually games played on Saturdays. This has happened only once since MSG took over the broadcast contract: WGRZ and WHEC-TV were given rights to simulcast MSG's coverage of the February 11, 2012 game between the Sabres and the Tampa Bay Lightning, as a one-time goodwill gesture in the ongoing dispute between Time Warner Cable and MSG.
Games carried by NBC Sports Network, NBC, and CBC Television are not produced by the Sabres, and these television broadcasts are not considered to be part of the Sabres Hockey Network. The network produces "radio only" broadcasts for its terrestrial affiliates when an NBC game airs.
Personalities, Past and Present.
Current:
Past:
Miscellaneous notes.
The Sabres radio network also simulcasts "Schopp and the Bulldog" to WROC in Rochester.
The Rochester situation is unique in that a different station carries regular season games than in the postseason. This is because WROC has a much weaker AM signal, and the network switched to FM station WBZA to maximize coverage during the postseason. In 2008, with Entercom's purchase of WCMF, Sabres games moved to that station instead.
Since 1997, the radio play-by-play has been simulcast on the station's cable partner (Empire Sports Network from 1997 to 2004, and MSG Network from 2005 to the present). Prior to this, Ted Darling was the team's television play-by-play voice, though he was forced to retire due to Pick's disease in 1991. John Gurtler did TV play-by-play from 1991 to 1995, and Rick Jeanneret took over those duties from that point, adding radio simulcasts in 1997. Unlike most shows on MSG Network, the Sabres control all television broadcasts of their games.

</doc>
<doc id="19248882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248882" title="KSBS">
KSBS

KSBS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19248886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248886" title="Dararweyne">
Dararweyne

Dararweyne is a town in the northwestern Woqooyi Galbeed region of Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="19248887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248887" title="Unterrothorn">
Unterrothorn

The Unterrothon (or simply "Rothorn") is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It is located west of the Oberrothorn, on the range north of the Findel Glacier.
The summit can be reached by cable car via Sunnegga and Blauherd. The "Rothorn paradise" is one of the main ski areas located around Zermatt.

</doc>
<doc id="19248891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248891" title="AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety">
AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety

The AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety is a non-profit, charitable organization based in Washington, DC that is dedicated to saving lives through traffic safety research and education. Since its founding in 1947, the AAA Foundation has sponsored over 200 projects related to highway safety, covering topics such as distracted, impaired, and drowsy driving; road rage; graduated driver licensing; driver's education and training; and pedestrian safety. The AAA Foundation research agenda is centered on four priority areas, known as the Centers of Excellence: Teen Driver Safety; Senior Safety and Mobility; Roadway Safety (the U.S. Road Assessment Program); and Safety Culture. Research in each of these areas is intended to identify the causes and consequences of motor vehicle crashes, evaluate possible countermeasures and solutions, and offer recommendations for achieving the overarching goal of preventing injuries and fatalities on the nation's highways.
Research findings are communicated to policymakers, safety partners, and the media, and are used to develop public educational materials, such as brochures, handbooks, videos, and computer games/software. These products are designed to help drivers understand the potential hazards they will face on the road - such as work zones, railroad crossings, and inclement weather - and hone the skills needed to manage these risks and arrive at their destinations safely.
The AAA Foundation is also recognized as a leader in promoting the idea of Traffic Safety Culture; that is, a social climate in which traffic safety is highly valued and rigorously pursued. Since 2008, the AAA Foundation has published its annual Traffic Safety Culture Index in an effort to benchmark and track key indicators of the public's beliefs and attitudes toward highway safety. Information is collected through a nationally representative telephone survey that measures both attitudes and behaviors regarding, among other things, drinking and driving, cell phone use/texting behind the wheel, speeding, and seatbelt use. Additionally, the AAA Foundation partners with the Western Transportation Institute at Montana State University and other highway safety leaders to convene the annual National Summit for Rural Traffic Safety Culture. The Summit serves as a national gathering of transportation experts dedicated to improving safety on rural roadways, where fatality rates can be 2-3 times higher than they are on urban roads. 
AAA Foundation projects have also been used to help strengthen laws, build public awareness of safety concerns and trends, and advise transportation agencies and highway departments on roadway improvement needs. For example, a 2006 report, Safety Impacts of Pavement Edge Drop-offs documented and analyzed the effects such drop-offs have on roadway departure crashes. The study was cited by the Federal Highway Administration's Office of Safety in its promotion of a cost-effective technology known as the Safety Edge, one of nine countermeasures FHWA considers proven to reduce motor vehicle crashes and improve safety. Other recent research includes a 2010 report, Parents, Teens and the Learner Stage of Graduated Driver Licensing, which found that despite the safety benefits seen as a result of implementing GDL laws, teen drivers may still not be getting sufficient supervised driving practice, and may not be getting enough experience driving under the range of conditions motorists face, such as during periods of inclement weather. The study received considerable news coverage, as did another 2010 report, Asleep at the Wheel: The Prevalence and Impact of Drowsy Driving, which found that drowsiness may be a bigger factor in crashes than previously believed. The study estimates that 16.5 percent of fatal crashes involve a drowsy driver.

</doc>
<doc id="19248896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248896" title="Battle of Yeosu">
Battle of Yeosu

The Battle of Yeosu, in December 1998, was a naval skirmish that began when the Republic of Korea Navy intercepted a North Korean semi-submersible vessel attempting to land commandos on the southern South Korean coast.
Background.
Throughout 1998 there had been several incidents involving North Korean infiltrators attempting to land on along the South Korean coastline. In the June 1998 Sokcho submarine incident a North Korean submarine was found in South Korean waters off Sokcho entangled in fishing nets, the submarine was towed to a ROK Navy base and when opened the crew were all dead in an apparent murder-suicide. Another infiltration occurred in July when a dead commando and abandoned infiltration craft was discovered near the city of Donghae. 
Battle.
On December 17, a ten ton North Korean I-SILC class semi-submersible infiltration vessel was observed by a South Korean guard post about 2km off the coast of Yeosu and ROK Navy ships were scrambled to intercept it. After several warnings were given, the ROK Navy fired warning shots at the semi-submersible. The North Korean craft ignored the warnings and opened fire on the South Korean vessels. It then attempted to escape, fleeing southwest while being tracked by patrol planes and boats, but several hours later it had sunk in of water approximately 100km south of Geojedo. 
Aftermath.
The ROK Navy attempted to recover the bodies of the dead North Koreans and pieces of the infiltration craft. The body of one North Korean frogman was found. From the size and type of the vessel it was assumed that the entire crew consisted of four sailors and that all had perished. Searches were also conducted on nearby land to make sure that infiltrators had not landed on the coastline. When questioned, the North Korean government denied sending the vessel or knowing anything about its origins. This incident helped fuel increasing tensions between the two governments and an even larger naval skirmish was fought the next year.
The (North) Korean Central News Agency said on 19 December:
The South Korean puppets said that they located a "submarine" in the sea off Ryosu, South Jolla Province, at 11:15 p.m. on December 17 and had a battle in which the "submarine" was sunken and they brought a dead body clad in diving-suit to the land. They also said that they issued an order called "Jindogae nN.1" throughout the coastal areas of South Korea and have been put on the red alert. This time, too, the puppets described the "incident" as the "intrusion by the north," shifting the blame on to the north. 
This frantic anti-communist campaign is a continuation of the anti-communist, anti-north campaign such as the fiction of the "intrusion of the north's vessel" near the coast of the Kanghwa island on the West Sea of Korea and the description of a flock of birds as "something mysterious" in the sea off the Kanghwa island. The incidents have nothing to do with the north. Now the South Korean are trying hard to find a pretext for unleashing a war against the north in line with the U.S. imperialists' moves for war against the DPRK. It goes without saying that the "north's submarine infiltration incident" is a farce cooked up for that purpose. We can no longer remain a passive onlooker to the South Korean continuous anti-communist campaign and slander against the north. The campaign can convince no one. We will take resolute measures so that the provokers may drink a bitter cup. We seriously warn the South Korean not to act rashly.

</doc>
<doc id="19248902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248902" title="Bandari F.C. (Kenya)">
Bandari F.C. (Kenya)

Bandari Football Club is a Kenyan football club based in Mombasa. The team play their home games at the Mbaraki Sports Club and the Mombasa Municipal Stadium (the latter having four times greater seating capacity), and currently compete in the Kenyan Premier League after finishing the 2012 FKF Division One season as champions of Zone A.
The team played from 1960 to 1978 as LASCO Football Club, followed by an eight-year run as Cargo Football Club. In 1985, the club merged with the Kenya Ports Authority team to form Bandari F.C.
The club had played previously in the Kenyan Premier League, but was relegated after the 1997 season. The team was disbanded in 1999. It was revived in 2004 and rapidly promoted from lower leagues back to the premier league. The club reached the final on Kenyan Cup in 1986 but was beaten by Gor Mahia (who qualified for the African Cup Winners' Cup and won the tournament).
At the end of the 2009 season Bandari was relegated to the Nationwide League.

</doc>
<doc id="19248922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248922" title="Godanod">
Godanod

Godanod () is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="19248929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248929" title="Angola at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Angola at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Angola competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. The country was represented by four athletes -Angelo Londaca, Estefania Pascoal, Jose Saiendo and Jose Armando Sayovo- who all competed in track and field.
Angola won its first ever Paralympic medals when Jose Armando Sayovo took three gold medals in the men's 100m, 200m and 400m sprints in the T11 disability category.

</doc>
<doc id="19248935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248935" title="Workload automation">
Workload automation

The term Workload Automation was originally coined by Gartner Group Vice-President Milind Govekar as an identification of new emerging trends that represent an evolution of traditional job schedulers which needed to react to major architectural changes in applications and IT infrastructure and the dynamic demands of IT. Workload automation needs to be able to coordinate—in real-time—a varied set of workload types with complex dependencies across a broad spectrum of operating systems and application platforms. 
A scheduling model based only upon calendar events is not sufficient to meet the demands of today’s automated data centers. The requirement for batch submission of workloads driven by date/time dependencies still exists, but on-demand IT processing requirements have expanded job submission triggers far beyond the time dimension. 
Workload Automation solutions should provide: a service-oriented architecture (SOA); integration capabilities at the application services level for web services and Java EE-based applications; a service-level orientation for managing workloads and finally, a critical path analysis and reporting capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19248946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248946" title="Franco Ferreiro">
Franco Ferreiro

Franco Ferreiro (born July 1, 1984 in Uruguaiana, Brazil) is an inactive professional Brazilian tennis player. He qualified for the 2009 French Open, but lost to Feliciano López in five sets in the first round after leading two sets to love.

</doc>
<doc id="19248947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248947" title="Asa Lewis">
Asa Lewis

Asa Lewis was a young Barren County, Kentucky farmboy, who was born about 1843. Asa joined Company E, 6th Kentucky Infantry Regiment of the "Orphan Brigade" of the Confederate States Army, Lewis received no training, but was simply handed a rifle and told he was a soldier. Lewis served with distinction at the Battle of Shiloh in the American Civil War and was promoted to corporal.
On December 26, 1862,General Braxton Bragg had the young Asa Lewis executed for desertion after he went home to make arrangements for the financial needs of his starving mother and sisters,[http://www.trailsrus.com/morgan/glasgow.htmlhis one year enlistment had expired.[http://www.questia.com/PM.qst?a=o&docId=9897931 The civil war troops called going home, with intention of return a "French leave".
Asa Lewis was buried in the Murfreesboro City Cemetery. The bodies in that cemetery were moved after the war and the exact site of his grave has been lost but in 1996, the Glasgow Cemetery in Kentucky allowed a tombstone to be erected "in memory of" the young Barren County boy.
The execution of Asa Lewis deepened the resentment between the Kentuckians and General Bragg. The Kentuckians petitioned that the sentence be commuted, Gen. Bragg stood firm.[http://books.google.com/books?id=9rmVk2YFdBkC&pg=PA172&lpg=PA172&dq=%22Asa+Lewis%22++Civil+war&source=web&ots=vRG2jtoZPs&sig=_HvI5shJ9wF_s_bfaeP7v1ZHqmM&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=1&ct=result]
Asa Lewis and William Horsfall of Newport, Kentucky, were the subject of a 2008 KET documentary hosted by Winchester, Kentucky native Matt Long.

</doc>
<doc id="19248949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248949" title="Electoral district of Subiaco">
Electoral district of Subiaco

The Electoral district of Subiaco was a Legislative Assembly electorate in the state of Western Australia. The district was named for the inner western Perth suburb of Subiaco, which fell within its borders. It was normally a safe seat for the Liberal Party and its predecessors, but was won on several occasions by Labor in landslide elections.
Subiaco was a new seat created under the "Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899", which took effect at the 1901 election, where it was won by Labor candidate Henry Daglish. In 1903, he became leader of the eight-member Parliamentary Labor Party, succeeding Robert Hastie, and in a want of confidence motion on 10 August 1904 following the 1904 election, he became Premier at the head of a minority government supported by four independents. His government collapsed just over a year later, and Daglish resigned from the Labor Party. After accepting the post of Chairman of Committees of the Legislative Assembly in 1907, he joined the Ministerial faction of the party, later becoming Minister for Works. 
He was unexpectedly defeated by a relatively unknown Labor candidate, Bartholomew Stubbs, at the 1911 election. Stubbs held the seat until his death in overseas combat on 26 September 1917, following which a Nationalist candidate, Samuel Brown, won the seat at a by-election. He was defeated at the 1921 election by the National Labor candidate, Walter Richardson—the only occasion on which the party ever gained a seat it did not already hold at an election.
Richardson held the seat until the 1933 election, where in circumstances not dissimilar to 1911, he lost the seat to a Labor candidate. However, it was regained three years later for the Nationalists by Florence Cardell-Oliver, who went on to hold the seat for 20 years. On her retirement, Labor candidate Percival Potter won the seat at the 1956 election—a landslide for Labor—for a single term.
Hugh (later Sir Hugh) Guthrie held the seat until his retirement in 1971, and was followed by local GP Dr Tom Dadour. The seat's final member, elected after Dadour's retirement, was Carmen Lawrence, later to become Premier. The seat was abolished at the 1989 election and its voters were divided between the new seat of Glendalough and the existing seats of Floreat and Nedlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19248960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248960" title="Louis-Simon Auger">
Louis-Simon Auger

Louis-Simon Auger (29 December 1772 in Paris - 2 January 1829 in Paris) was a French journalist, literary critic and playwright.

</doc>
<doc id="19248977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19248977" title="Royal Wootton Bassett Academy">
Royal Wootton Bassett Academy

Royal Wootton Bassett Academy (RWBA) (formerly "Wootton Bassett School") is a mixed secondary school and sixth form in the town of Royal Wootton Bassett, Wiltshire for students aged 11 to 18. In July 2011, the school became an academy.
Facilities.
The facilities include an AstroTurf sports pitch and numerous sports facilities with catering for tennis, cricket, football, rugby and hockey.
The new Sixth Form centre includes many new classrooms, a reception desk and elevator (the complex is one storey taller than the surrounding buildings). The centre also provides a lecture theatre with retractable chairs, also used as a drama studio.
Administrative structure.
Adopted in the early 2000s, the school employed a system of phases. There were three main categories, the 'Transition', 'Development' and 'Extension' phases, all of which were presided over by an Assistant Headteacher. This system has since been abolished, after proving unpopular with staff and drawing criticism as ""corporate jargon"". The school recently returned to the traditional method of grouping students into Lower School, Upper School and Sixth Form.
The school operates a system of tutor groups, each tutor having approximately 30 students. Tutors rarely teach students from their own group. The main role of groups is to create a stable peer system, with each tutoring the same group throughout their 4 years.
The new school has a more highly organized physical layout, looking like two 'E's fitting back to back, and a main corridor running down the middle, nicknamed 'The Street' by both pupils and teachers alike. Each branch teaches a different subject, with wings of varying lengths, the longest three being Admin/Reception, School Hall and Gymnasium, Science and D&T. Each floor within each wing also teaches a different subject, (e.g. the English wing is underneath the Maths wing). The Modern Foreign Languages wing used to be the shortest, under half the length of the others, until the new sixth form centre was added.
The House system.
RWBA's House system encapsulates the holistic approach the Academy takes to the development of its students and staff. There are 4 Houses, co-ordinated vertically by 4 heads of House, each named after innovative and creative members of British society, selected and voted in by the students: Brunel, Newton, Roddick and Whittle. The colours for each are green, yellow, blue and red respectively. They compete in a year-long series of competitions and events ranging from team building competitions, pumpkin carving, harvest festival basket designs, sports tournaments and £10 fund raising challenges. International, national and local charity fund raising play an important part in all competitions and provides the students with a real sense of self in the world. The House system promotes a strong family sense of identity with the House, and with the Academy and is widely valued by students and staff alike.
Tragedy.
In July 2008, during a school trip to South Africa, expedition leader, Sean Foxcroft, drowned in strong ocean currents, while trying to rescue students who had entered the water to cool down following a rugby match.

</doc>
<doc id="19249010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249010" title="Sam Brown (activist)">
Sam Brown (activist)

Sam W. Brown, Jr. was a political activist, the head of ACTION under President Jimmy Carter, and ambassador to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.
Early life and education.
Sam W. Brown, Jr. was born July 27, 1943 in Council Bluffs, Iowa. He attended Abraham Lincoln High School in Council Bluffs where he was, in his own words, "the outstanding ROTC cadet." In his childhood, he wrote, "it never occurred to me that America could be wrong." Brown attended the University of Redlands in California, where he was first the president of the young Republicans and then the student body president. In 1967 Brown was the chairman of the National Student Association's national supervisory board. In 1967 Brown ran for president of the National Student Association and lost. Brown received a B.A. from the University of Redlands in 1965, an M.A. from Rutgers University in 1966, pursued graduate studies at Harvard University Divinity School from 1966–1968, and was a Fellow at the John F. Kennedy Institute of Politics, Harvard University, in 1969.
National Student Association spokesman during the CIA National Student Association scandal.
In 1967, Ramparts magazine reported that the CIA had been using the National Student Organization (NSA) for intelligence gathering abroad. As revealed by the then president of the organization, Phil Sherburne, in a conversation with the organization's finance director, Michael Wood, the CIA had been funneling money to the organization through various charity fronts in exchange for covert cooperation from students in the NSA's international programs. As spokesman for the national NSA's national supervisory board at the time, Brown was particularly appalled by the predicament of members of the NSA's international programs: "The fantastic pressures these people were under were simply incomprehensible to me... The agony of these people who were trapped and were unable to break this relationship was awful." Brown said that the supervisory board had no knowledge of the CIA's involvement until it was reported, announced that the NSA would assist in any investigation of the CIA's role, and said "The United States Government owes an unconditional apology to the N.S.A. for using the N.S.A. in this duplicitous manner."
Antiwar organizer.
Vietnam Summer.
Brown first got involved in organizing during "Vietnam Summer" in 1967 when five hundred paid staffers and twenty-six thousand volunteers organized hundreds of grass roots antiwar projects. Brown was one of the volunteers who gained valuable experience during Vietnam Summer. "I know the first time that I ever went and knocked on somebody's door and waited for them to answer so that could tell them that I wanted to talk to them about the war was not an easy moment," said Brown. Brown said that the volunteers gained valuable organizing skills that he and others would later apply during Eugene McCarthy's presidential bid. "To some extent the McCarthy campaign couldn't have happened without that," said Brown.
Youth Coordinator for McCarthy for President.
Brown was the youth coordinator for Senator Eugene J. McCarthy's Presidential campaign. According to Tom Wells in his book "The War Within" Brown would sometimes entertain the notion that McCarthy could win the nomination "sometimes for up to thirty minutes at a stretch." The campaign's main appeal for Brown was that "it gave an opportunity and gave an excuse to walk up to people's doors and say, 'Hi. I'm Sam Brown. I'm here because I'd like to talk to you about the war in Vietnam - and about Gene McCarthy.'" Brown hoped that the McCarthy campaign would show people that protesters were "not some crazy minority."
In 2008 Brown's wife, Alison Teal, wrote about Brown's role at the 1968 Democratic Convention. "In 1968, my husband Sam was the liaison between the McCarthy campaign and the protesters and was eventually a defense witness at the Trial of the Chicago Seven," wrote Teal. "Within the leadership of the 1968 convention, there were agents provocateurs from the Chicago police and the FBI."
Brown says that hard work is the secret for being a successful organizer. "You have to be willing to work for very long hours for very little remuneration," says Brown. "But there's a great psychic remuneration." "Sam has three great qualities," said a friend in 1969. "He is willing to work every minute of every day. He is calm in the most tense crises. And he is a terribly, terribly nice, sweet person." Brown said in 1969 that organizing is what he does best and that he does not want to become a celebrity. "The worst thing that can happen to an organizer is to become identified as a leader," said Brown. "There s a terrific antileadership bias in the country now."
Coordinator for the Vietnam Moratorium Committee.
In April 1969 while Brown was a graduate student in ethics at Harvard Divinity School, Jerome Grossman came to Brown with the idea for a nationwide strike to protest the war in Vietnam. Brown liked the idea but suggested that instead of calling it a strike, that it be called a moratorium. In June 1969 Brown moved to Washington and set up the office of the Vietnam Moratorium Committee. David E. Rosembaum wrote in the New York Times in 1969 that Brown "is a young man with a genius for organizing who has been the prime mover behind the Vietnam Moratorium protests."
As part of organizing the moratorium, the group ran three full page advertisements in the New York Times for a total cost of $26,328. Brown drew a salary from the moratorium committee of $75 a week. One of Brown's roles in organizing the Moratorium was fund raising which Brown called "the most demeaning thing there is." Nonetheless Brown went on fund raising trips and appeared on television as the moratorium's spokesman. Brown brought his contact lists from the McCarthy campaign with him to work on the Moratorium. "Lists are the guts of organizing," says Brown. Brown's lists included people who had contributed to liberal causes in the past, community organizers, and a list of faculty members who had signed antiwar advertisements.
On October 15, 1969 an estimated two million people took part in the moratorium in what may have been the largest US demonstration of all time.
On November 15, 1969 a crowd estimated at 250,000 had a massive demonstration at the Washington Monument. After the November 15 demonstration the energy in the movement seemed to dissipate. Observers attributed the apathy to President Nixon's November 3 speech in which he outlined his plan for "Vietnamization" of the Vietnam war. Brown called Nixon's speech "a tremendous political coup by managing to identify himself with the cause of peace." The organizers said that the demonstrations had been at least a partial success and took some credit for Nixon's troop withdrawals and the dismissal of the head of Selective Service, General Lewis B. Hershey. The New York Times reported that the committee was $100,000 in debt. Brown said he hoped to make up the deficit through several "peace concerts."
The Moratorium Committee announced on April 19, 1970 that it was disbanding and the organizers said that money had dried up and the "political fad" of large demonstrations had run its course. The four national coordinators including Brown said that they each planned to continue antiwar activities on their own. Brown said that he planned to write a manual on how to organize. "You'd be surprised how many people don't know how to draw up a telephone tree, set up an office, call a press conference," said Brown. "I want to tell them how to do this."
"Storefront Organizing: A Mornin' Glories' Manual".
In 1972 Brown published "Storefront Organizing: A Mornin' Glories' Manual". Brown dedicated the book to Jesse Unruh "who taught me the importance of organization" and to Gene McCarthy who showed Brown that "there are some things worth organizing for." The book is a compendium of some of the basics of organizing "to help and encourage people who want to organize." Brown doesn't claim the book s definitive because "imagination and inventiveness are the prime ingredients of organizing." Brown says he wrote the book to be effective regardless of one's ideological point of view. However, Brown states that "the bias is against the status quo, rather than for it" because "the "few" have always been well organized, the "many" have never been organized and have never had a voice. Grassroots organization is the way to change that." Brown's book contains the nuts and bolts of grassroots organizing including discussion of such topics as establishing a storefront, finding support in your community, planning programs, getting out crowds, handling the press, fundraising, planning rallies, and canvasing and getting out the vote.
Post-organizing activities.
Brown worked as a consultant for the FUND for Neighborhood Development from 1972-1973. Brown was Vice President of Brown's Better Shoes from 1970 to 1974.
Election as treasurer of Colorado.
Brown was elected state treasurer of Colorado and served in the position from 1975 to 1977.
ACTION director.
Brown was appointed Director of ACTION by President Jimmy Carter in 1977. Anthony Lake, a member of president Carter's transition committee, recalled "Sam was very good at pushing his point of view with sufficient flexibility so he could make deals and stick with them. He has very deeply held and decent principles, but he is practical enough to move them along." Action Corps had been created in 1971 by President Richard Nixon to administer the Peace Corps, Volunteers in Service to America and other service programs.
Changes in ACTION mission.
Seven months into his tenure as ACTION director, Brown released a blueprint for change, declaring "the mission of Action is to mobilize people for voluntary action at home and abroad to change the conditions that deny fulfillment of human needs by calling on the best and most creative instincts of the human spirit." Brown's outline for the new direction of the organization included:
Appointment and resignation of Carolyn Payton and surrounding controversy.
After a five month search for a new director of the peace corps, in which Brown offered the job to Rafer Johnson, then-representative Ron Dellums of California, Jane Hart – the widow of former Senator Philip Hart – and LaDonna Harris, Brown appointed Carolyn Payton as director of the Peace Corps.
Brown clashed with Payton from the start. And after only thirteen months in the position, in November 1979, Brown asked for her resignation. She initially agreed to resign, then withdrew her resignation and issued a statement that implied she would not leave unless asked directly by president Carter, who asked for her resignation shortly thereafter. Payton cited, in part, policy differences between ACTION and the Peace Corps saying "as Director, I could not, because of the peculiar administrative structure under which the Peace Corps operates, do anything about this situation. As an ex-director, I am free to sound the alarm."
Future congressman John Lewis, then the associate director of ACTION under Brown, wrote that the conflict between Brown and Payton was entirely over policy: "The resignation of Carolyn Payton stemmed from regrettable – but nonetheless honest and unreconcilable – differences with the administration concerning policy and philosophy.
Controversy after Payton's resignation.
Many of the policy issues between Payton and Brown were revealed after her resignation. Brown for example announced that the Peace Corps would only work in the poorest countries based on GNP and announced that the Peace Corps would pull out of countries that did not meet its criteria for aid. Peace Corps Director Payton responded that "Whether or not we could find satisfactory jobs for volunteers was a better criteria than how much money a country has...It's offensive to me to tell a host country what their needs are."
According to Payton, Brown wanted to "send volunteers for short periods to developing countries and then bring back the skills they had learned to fight poverty in the United States". She also claimed that Brown's policy went against the original goals of the Peace Corps and said that Brown was "trying to turn the corps into an arrogant, elitist political organization intended to meddle in the affairs of foreign governments."
In 1994, during the confirmation hearings for Brown's later ambassadorship to the CSCE, Payton's resignation was interpreted in two very different ways by his supporters and opponents. According to the 44 Senators who later rejected the motion for cloture on Brown's appointment as ambassador to the CSCE (the Senators who opposed his nomination), Brown was undiplomatic and unjustified in dismissing Payton. They claimed, that Payton's differences with Brown ended in an argument during a trip to Morocco, when Brown openly berated Dr. Payton before Action Corps officials and Brown's "attacks culminated with a midnight phone-call demanding her resignation, which she refused to give, after which he went to her hotel room and pounded on her door for a full fifteen minutes, demanding to be let in to continue his harassment".
According to those 56 Senators in support of the cloture motion (and, presumably, of Brown's nomination):
Criticisms of Mr. Brown's performance at this agency are unfounded. In the 1970s, Senator Simon (who was then Representative Simon), held extensive hearings on the operation of the ACTION Agency. A few problems were uncovered, but they were long-standing problems that were eventually corrected by Mr. Brown, and the hearings produced no direct criticism of his performance. The final result of those hearings was that Congress decided he was doing an exemplary job, and it increased the agency's budget by 20 percent.
Appointment of Richard Celeste as Peace Corps Director and internal restructuring.
After Payton's resignation, Richard Celeste was appointed the new Peace Corps Director on April 27, 1979. According to P. David Searles in his book "the Peace Corps Experience": "Under Celeste the agency was given considerable autonomy to direct its own affairs," wrote Searles, "although strictly speaking it remained under the Action umbrella."
Work between the 1981 and 1994.
Work in private sector.
Brown has been General Partner of Centennial Partners, Limited, a real estate development firm with offices in Colorado and California, since 1981.
Support for first Gulf War.
The New York Times reported in 1991 that Brown said that force could be necessary to restore stability in the Middle East and keep nuclear weapons from the hands of Saddam Hussein. "It's a real odd thing for an old anti-war person to be thinking, but there are wars and there are wars," said Brown. "Every time I hear a parallel to Vietnam, I blanch. I see the movement people gearing up, the same familiar faces, and I want to say, 'Hold on, hold on.' It's a wholly different situation that needs to be analyzed on its own merits."
Head of delegation to the CSCE and OSCE.
Margaret Carlson reported in Time Magazine in 1994 that President Clinton had appointed Brown Ambassador to the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe (CSCE), a 52-nation organization in Vienna that mediates conflicts in the former Soviet republics and promotes human rights, and that the Senate Foreign Relations Committee had held hearings on Brown on November 18, 1993 and approved his nomination by a vote of 11 to 9. Before Brown's nomination could come to a Senate vote, Republicans Jesse Helms of North Carolina and Hank Brown of Colorado sent Brown a barrage of over 100 questions including why Brown had dropped a requirement that Peace Corps volunteers be instructed in the menace of communism and whether Brown had thrown any objects, "including human feces," at the 1968 Democratic Convention. "No one understands why Hank Brown has decided to make Sam Brown his nemesis," wrote Carlson. "Some think Hank Brown simply wants to zing the President, refight the Vietnam War and triumph over an old rival. (Sam Brown was treasurer of Colorado; Hank Brown was a member of the state legislature.)"
Brown's supporters were unable to overcome a Republican-led filibuster against giving ambassadorial rank to Brown and President Clinton went ahead with Brown's appointment without senate approval. Brown served as the Head of Delegation, without the rank of ambassador, to the US Mission to the OSCE in Vienna. On November 17, 1997, President Clinton awarded Brown the personal rank of Ambassador in his capacity as the Head of Delegation to the 1997 OSCE Ministerial Preparatory conferences, an appointment that does not require Senate confirmation.
As head of delegation Brown defended the CSCE as an alternative to NATO in shaping European security. "The CSCE is the natural multilateral forum, as the trans-Atlantic institution where Russia has an equal voice, for work on these questions. This is not war and peace in the traditional sense, but instability around Russia's borders. It's very different from what NATO does," said Brown. "The CSCE doesn't have guns and is not going to have. It doesn't have the strength of NATO's unanimity. But NATO isn't equipped to handle some things we do."
Brown's tenure at the OSCE was greeted enthusiastically by his fellow representatives. Christos Botzios, the Greek Ambassador to the OSCE, said "He has added enormously to the prestige of the United States, as a country that cares about cooperation... I think all my colleagues would agree with me."
Later career.
Executive director of the Fair Labor Association (FLA).
The Fair Labor Association (FLA) named Brown their Executive Director in January 2000. The Fair Labor Association is a non-profit organization designed to complement existing international and national labor laws that was created in 1999 after President Bill Clinton recognized the need for supervision over the apparel industry regarding issues of human rights.
Role in 2004 election.
Brown worked to raise funds for John Kerry in the 2004 election and was not happy about the debate over Kerry's service in Vietnam. "I'm really upset that we're stuck on Vietnam," he said, "but what really appalls me is that unlike 1968, when there was a real clash of ideas, this year we hear nothing from either candidate - not Bush, not Kerry - about what they propose to do to extract us from this awful mess in Iraq." Thirty-six years after the idealism that produced the McCarthy insurgency, Brown said, "I see nasty, mean-spirited politics on all sides, the equivalent of the kind of scrum you see in the Chicago commodities pits."
The Los Angeles Times reported that Brown and his wife Alison Teal raised about $800,000 for the Kerry campaign including about $300,000 in "ideological money" from the East Bay area. Brown and his wife raised funds by hosting house parties for Kerry, seeking donations from strangers on the grocery line, and soliticiting from Teal's online blog.
Personal.
He married Alison Valentine Teal, born in 1945 in Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska, the only daughter of Clarence W. Teal and Valentine Moline. Her mother, a 1924 graduate of Smith College, was a novelist, short story writer, publisher of three novels, and also contributed short stories to several magazines such as the Saturday Evening Post and Child's Life. Both of her parents were long time active volunteers of the Omaha Community Playhouse which was founded by Dodie Brando, mother of actor Marlon Brando. The Clarence Teal Cameo Award, which recognizes exceptional performances in a cameo role, was named for him.
She is a 1966 graduate of Smith College, Northampton, Massachusetts. She is a writer/photographer and a frequent political contributor on the Huffington Post as well as her own blog site.
Brown met Teal in 1968 while he was a leader of the "Get Clean for Gene" McCarthy student movement, being a youth coordinator for Senator Eugene McCarthy's Presidential campaign in 1968.
They are the parents of three children: Nicholas Teal Brown, an aspiring writer, actor, and political activist; Teal Valentine Brown, a UN Foundation researcher, Aspen Ideas Festival coordinator, actor, and public policy student; and Willa Hammitt Brown, a graduate of Oxford and a PhD candidate in American history.
Brown lives in modernized log cabin on the shores of silvery Deer Lake 85 miles south of the Canadian border at International Falls.
Brown said in 2004 that he once dreamed of being a senator.

</doc>
<doc id="19249015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249015" title="José Sayovo">
José Sayovo

José Armando Sayovo (born March 3, 1973 ) is an Angolan athlete.
He was the first person to win a Paralympic medal for the Republic of Angola after he won three gold medals, in the 100m, 200m and 400m sprints, at the 2004 Summer Paralympic Games in Athens.
He represented Angola again at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and was his country's flagbearer during the Games' opening ceremony.
At the age of 39, he won a Bronze medal in the 200m and won a Gold medal in the 400m at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London 

</doc>
<doc id="19249025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249025" title="VIP Parts, Tires and Service">
VIP Parts, Tires and Service

VIP Parts, Tires and Service is the largest independently owned automotive aftermarket company in New England and the 14th largest in the United States. 
Founded in 1958, VIP Parts, Tires and Service is based in Lewiston, Maine, the second largest city in the state. In September 2001, VIP was purchased by Quirk Tires and Service. Quirk Tires was founded by Edward S. Quirk in 1926 in Watertown, Massachusetts, and is one of the oldest tire dealers in the United States. VIP is now headed by John P. Quirk, Edward's grandson, who serves as President and CEO of the company. 
With the merger, VIP became one of the largest privately held automotive parts and accessory chains in New England. VIP has 56 stores in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts. 
In 2008 VIP Parts, Tires & Service received the Polk Inventory Efficiency Award in the retailer/distributor category for advanced product control technology. The Polk Inventory Efficiency Award, presented by R.L. Polk & Co., recognizes and rewards outstanding aftermarket companies for process improvements relative to inventory efficiency. 
From 1981-2007 VIP Parts, Tires and Service sponsored a one-day event held at the Oxford Plains Speedway in Oxford, Maine. The event was the largest single day car show in northern New England. The event combined a car show with a drag race and drew fans of show cars from classic muscle cars to Corvettes and customized tuner cars as well as trucks and motorcycles.

</doc>
<doc id="19249041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249041" title="Roger Wethered">
Roger Wethered

Roger H. Wethered (3 January 1899–12 March 1983) was an English amateur golfer who was the brother of Joyce Wethered, one of the finest female golfers of the pre-war era.
Born in Surrey, Wethered was the only son of Herbert Newton Wethered and Marion Emmeline Lund. He was frequently ill as a child and this resulted in him being home-tutored. His father had authored numerous books about golf and this proved to be influential on Wethered as he took up golf from an early age.
Wethered was called up in 1918 to serve in the Royal Artillery in World War I. However, he was recalled from France some weeks later as peacetime was declared. Upon his return he enrolled in Christ Church College at Oxford University. He joined the Oxford golf team with Cyril Tolley, a good friend of his, and both were successful young golfers. His game was defined by great power and technique with iron clubs. His driving was less accomplished but his ability to recover more than made up for this shortcoming.
He graduated from Oxford with a BA in English in 1921. Soon after this achievement came his finest hour as he narrowly lost The Open Championship to Jock Hutchison in the 1921 edition of the tournament. Had he won the competition he would have been the last British amateur to do so. Indeed, no other British amateur has come so close to victory in the tournament since Harold Hilton won the 1897 Open Championship. He followed this achievement with further successes: as he grew older his driving began to improve and he won his first Amateur Championship in 1923 at Deal, Kent. However, after these two events Wethered failed to repeat his earlier singles tournament successes but he continued to be an influential golfer, earning the respect of his peers for his modest demeanour.
Wethered was a runner up in the Amateur Championship twice (1928 and 1930) and won the President's Putter five times. Furthermore, he was capped by England numerous times in competition against Scotland and in the Walker Cup against the United States, emerging victorious with regularity. In singles competition he beat all-comers, losing only to American golfer Bobby Jones.
Wethered's abilities had begun to wane by the 1930s and his focus had turned to his full-time job as a stockbroker in London. He continued to be involved in golf, however, working with the committee at The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews. He was elected captain of the club in 1939 and finally took office in 1946. He was successful as an investor and upon his retirement he returned to the golf courses to play out his remaining days. At the age of 74 he scored a remarkable round of 74 at the Royal Wimbledon Golf Club. He died at his home at Garnet House, Wimbledon.
Results in major championships.
Results timeline.
"Note: Wethered played in only The Open Championship, The Amateur Championship, & U.S. Amateur."<br>
CUT = missed the halfway cut<br>
DNP = Did not play<br>
DNQ = Did not qualify for match play portion<br>
R64, R32, R16, QF, SF = Round in which player lost in match play<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10
Source for British Open: www.opengolf.com
Source for 1920 British Amateur: The Glasgow Herald, June 9, 1920, pg. 11.
Source for 1921 British Amateur: The Glasgow Herald, May 24, 1921, pg. 3.
Source for 1922 U.S. Amateur: USGA Championship Database
Source for 1922 British Amateur: The American Golfer, July 1, 1922, pg. 31.
Source for 1924 British Amateur: The American Golfer, June 28, 1924, pg. 17.
Source for 1925 British Amateur: Golf Illustrated, July, 1925, pg. 40.
Source for 1926 British Amateur: Golf Illustrated, July, 1926, pg. 23.
Source for 1927 British Amateur: The American Golfer, July, 1927, pg. 15.
Source for 1929 British Amateur: The Glasgow Herald, June 13, 1929, pg. 10.
Source for 1931 British Amateur: The Glasgow Herald, May 21, 1931, pg. 16.
Source for 1932 British Amateur: The Glasgow Herald, May 25, 1932, pg. 6.
Source for 1933 British Amateur: The Glasgow Herald, June 23, 1933, pg. 20.
Source for 1934 British Amateur: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, May 24, 1934, pg. 19.
Source for 1936 British Amateur: The Age, May 29, 1936, pg. 12.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="19249046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249046" title="François-Henri d'Harcourt">
François-Henri d'Harcourt

François-Henri d'Harcourt (January 12, 1726 - July 22, 1802) was a French general.
d'Harcourt was born in Paris. He died in Staines, United Kingdom, aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="19249054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249054" title="Ad Fines">
Ad Fines

Ad Fines may refer to Ancient Roman settlements at:

</doc>
<doc id="19249061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249061" title="Osmium oxide">
Osmium oxide

Osmium oxide may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19249090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249090" title="SS Personalhauptamt">
SS Personalhauptamt

The SS Personalhauptamt was the central recording office for all officers and potential officers for the SS in Nazi Germany.
Formation.
The Personalhauptamt was responsible maintaining the service records for all commissioned "Waffen-SS" and "Allgemeine-SS" personnel. However it did not keep extensive details of non-commissioned or rank and file SS members. Likewise it was not responsible for promotions or appointments.
Its headquarters were originally located on Wilmersdorfer Straße, Berlin but by1943 the Allied bombing campaign against the German capital had forced the various departments of the Personalhauptamt to relocate throughout Nazi Germany.
Organization.
The SS Personalhauptamt consisted of two main departments (). They were:
Within the Office of Officer Personnel Records there were three sub departments. They were: 
Legacy.
The Berlin headquarters of the "Personalhauptamt" was bombed several times during World War II, but most of the SS records survived the collapse of Nazi Germany. As such, the files of SS personnel have become an invaluable resource for present-day historians studying the Third Reich.
The archive has allowed researchers to carry out detailed examinations into the roles that major Nazis played in the Second World War and The Holocaust. For example, the service records of SS-Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich show how he organised the Wannsee Conference, masterminded the Final Solution and managed the Einsatzgruppen.

</doc>
<doc id="19249123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249123" title="Jardin botanique de la Villa Thuret">
Jardin botanique de la Villa Thuret

The Jardin botanique de la Villa Thuret (3.5 hectares) is a renowned botanical garden located on the grounds of the Villa Thuret, 90, chemin Raymond, Antibes Juan-les-Pins, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France. It is open weekdays without charge.
Overview.
The garden was created in 1857 by Gustave Thuret (1817-1875), a botanist best known for studies of reproduction in algae, who used it to conduct plant acclimatization trials with friend and lichen expert Jean-Baptiste Édouard Bornet (1828-1911). In 1868, novelist George Sand described it in her "Traveller's Letters" as the loveliest garden she had ever seen. It was bequeathed to the nation in 1878, and in 1927 attached to the Institute of Agronomic Research, which in 1946 became the Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique (INRA).
Today the garden contains approximately 2,500 trees and shrubs in its collections, representing some 1,600 exotic species (144 genera, 131 families) from Mediterranean or hot climate countries including South Africa, Australia, California, Chile, and Mexico, as well as China, Japan, and New Zealand. About 50 to 100 new species are planted each year.
The garden contains fine collections of cycads, conifers (with an exceptional collection of cypress), palms (30 species including excellent specimens of Jubaea), legumes (various species of Australian acacias), Mediterranean oaks, Australian Myrtaceae (Callistemon, Calothamnus, Eucalyptus, Melaleuca), a large collection of Pittosporum spp., and Proteaceae including Banksia, Grevillea, Hakea, and Leucadendron.
Noteworthy specimens include a magnificent "Jubaea spectabilis", as well as very fine specimens of "Arbutus xalapensis", "Agathis robusta", "Cupressus macrocarpa", "Eucalyptus benthamii", "Melaleuca linariifolia", and "Taxodium mucronatum". 

</doc>
<doc id="19249128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249128" title="The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover (soundtrack)">
The Cook, the Thief, His Wife &amp; Her Lover (soundtrack)

The Cook The Thief His Wife & Her Lover is the twelfth album release by Michael Nyman and the ninth to feature the Michael Nyman Band. It is the soundtrack to the eponymous film by Peter Greenaway. The album includes the first commercially released recording of "Memorial" (Greenaway heard a radio recording of the original performance that has not been commercially released), and this is the only piece discussed in the liner notes, to the point that the lyric sheet for "Miserere" (based on Psalm 51), the song which Pup the kitchen boy sings, is misidentified "Memorial." "Book Depository" is one of Nyman's many waltzes. 
Nyman does not here identify the origin of "Memorial" as a bass ground from Henry Purcell's "King Arthur", but he does so elsewhere, including on "After Extra Time". The liner notes primarily note the 1985 Heysel Stadium disaster that occurred during the work's composition and became what the work was about and a discussion of the premiere of the work in a disused nuclear power plant in Yainville before Paul Richards's painting, "The Kiss", and its ultimate "dismantling," preventing it from being used to commemorate the 1989 Hillsborough disaster.
There is some music in the film that is not included on the soundtrack album: the love theme for Michael and Georgina, which is "Fish Beach" from "Drowning by Numbers", the song ("Something Sometime Soon") performed as a show in the restaurant, or a doubly pulsed variation of "Memorial" that occurs about halfway through the film. Edits of "Memorial" appear throughout the film, with the entire twelve minute movement accompanying the final scene and end credits, but one variation is uniquely created for the film.
Personnel.
"Memorial", "Book Depository," and "Coupling" performed by the Michael Nyman Band:
"Miserere Paraphrase" performed by Alexander Balanescu (violin) and Michael Nyman (piano)
"Miserere" performed by London Voices, director Terry Edwards

</doc>
<doc id="19249149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249149" title="Həmyəli">
Həmyəli

Həmyəli or Həmjəli or Gamiyaly or Gamyali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19249171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249171" title="Major Indoor Soccer League (2008–)">
Major Indoor Soccer League (2008–)

The Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL), formerly known as the National Indoor Soccer League, is a professional indoor soccer league which began play in 2008. It is the third league to be known as the Major Indoor Soccer League. Originally, five teams had been announced to play in the inaugural season; four who were in the previous Major Indoor Soccer League and one formerly in the American Indoor Soccer League. However, the Orlando Sharks (formerly of the MISL) were forced to go inactive because of scheduling conflicts with Amway Arena. Later, the Massachusetts Twisters were brought in from the AISL to take the Sharks' place. 
History.
The NISL was one of three leagues that organized in late 2008 after the demise of the second MISL; the other two being the PASL-Pro (an offshoot of the Premier Arena Soccer League) and the Xtreme Soccer League. The NISL and the XSL were more closely related, with both leagues first announcing four former MISL teams respectively and using the same game rules as the MISL.
In early July 2009, the XSL announced they were going on a one-year hiatus due to a lack of monetary backing which left the NISL as the highest indoor soccer league in the United States of America.
The NISL announced on July 13, 2009 that an all-star team of players from the Baltimore Blast, Rockford Rampage, and Philadelphia KiXX would play in a six-a-side outdoor exhibition match against an all-star team from Bermuda's Island Soccer League on July 19, 2009.
The NISL was attempting to get numerous teams from the folded XSL to join for the 2009–10 season, and succeeded in acquiring the Milwaukee Wave as a result. However, the Massachusetts Twisters would not return for 2009–10. The only former NISL team still playing in the MISL today is the Baltimore Blast. The rest of the 2010–11 season lineup would be made up of expansion teams, with the exception of the Wave.
Shortly before the league launched its 2009–10 season, the opportunity arose to purchase the rights to the "Major Indoor Soccer League" name; the league successfully acquired the rights and immediately rebranded itself as the newest MISL.
On July 18, 2010, the MISL played another All-Star Game against Bermuda's Island Soccer League. The Wave's Hewerton Moriera had 3 goals and 2 assists and the Philadelphia KiXX's Richardino added 2 goals and 2 assists in the MISL All-Stars' 8–3 win.
It was announced on August 18, 2010 that the MISL would expand into Missouri (Kansas City) and Omaha starting with the 2010–11 season.
An update to the official MISL "about" web page on October 6, 2010 acknowledged that the league was composed of only five teams, with the Rockford Rampage and Monterrey La Raza no longer active league members. On October 15, 2010, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported the exodus of the Philadelphia KiXX and the addition of a Chicago 
franchise.
That year, the United Soccer Leagues (USL), which also oversees the men's USL Pro and USL Premier Development Leagues proposed a new league which was to begin play in the fall of 2011, the '"USL I-League".
On May 16, 2011, the USL, struggling to sign teams for the new league, agreed instead to take over operation of the MISL. Three teams from the proposed league, the Norfolk SharX, Rochester Lancers and Syracuse Silver Knights, were added.
On June 22, 2012, the MISL announced that a new Chicago franchise was awarded to Armando Gamboa and Dave Mokry for the 2012–13 season. The club was subsequently named the Chicago Soul, with the club making its home at the Sears Centre.
On June 25, 2012, The Norfolk SharX announced that the team would cease operations effective immediately because of financial difficulties.
A new incarnation of the St. Louis Ambush were announced as an expansion team on June 14, 2013. This is St. Louis' first professional indoor soccer team since the St. Louis Steamers folded in 2006.
Teams.
Former.
✝ Never played an NISL/MISL game

</doc>
<doc id="19249172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249172" title="2000 du Maurier Open – Men's Doubles">
2000 du Maurier Open – Men's Doubles

Jonas Björkman and Patrick Rafter were the defending champions, but Rafter chose not to participate, and only Bjorkman competed that year.
Bjorkman partnered with Max Mirnyi, but lost in the semifinals to Joshua Eagle and Andrew Florent.
Sébastien Lareau and Daniel Nestor won in the final 6–3, 7–6(3), against Joshua Eagle and Andrew Florent.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Wayne Ferreira / Yevgeny Kafelnikov "(Second Round)
<li> Sébastien Lareau / Daniel Nestor (Champions)
<li> Donald Johnson / Piet Norval "(Semifinals)
<li> Jonas Björkman / Max Mirnyi "(Semifinals)

</doc>
<doc id="19249226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249226" title="Nova Hreod">
Nova Hreod

Nova Hreod (formerly "Hreod Burna Senior High School" and "Hreod Parkway School") is a mixed comprehensive school in Swindon, Wiltshire for students aged 11 to 16. 
History.
"Hreod" is the Anglo Saxon word for a reed. The small stream that runs along the bottom of the field where the school was built is called the "Hreod Burna", from which the first school got its name. It is a term found in the Domesday Book entry for the locality and describes a minor tributary of the River Ray which still runs through the valley in which "Nova Hreod" lies.
"Hreod Burna High School" was opened in 1966 for students were aged 14 to 18, and had a sixth form. Initially, children were drawn from "Moredon Secondary" and "Ferndale Secondary".
The Head Teacher was Dr Blackwell, who remained at the school until 1984, just after New College opened to provide education for all sixth form students in the region. In 1983, "Hreod Burna Senior High School" amalgamated with "Moredon Secondary School" to form "Hreod Parkway School", under the headship of Mr Cleall. Both Ferndale Secondary and Pinehurst Secondary were closed, and their buildings used for other activities by the local council.
"Hreod Parkway School" began receiving pupils aged 11 to 16 from the same area covered by "Hreod Burna". However, it is widely acknowledged that a combination of council under-funding and the catchment area having a high number of low-income families unable to pick up the shortfall, were significant factors in Ofsted introducing special measures as a failing school in April 1996.
In 1997, Andrew Fleet took over as Head Teacher and set about repairing the school’s academic reputation and rebuilding the campus, which had fallen into serious disrepair.
The inspectors identified a number of areas of improvement since the last inspection in 1996.
""The school was re-organised in 1998 so that the lower and upper schools were split either side of Akers Way. Plans were drawn up to completely rebuild the school. Mr Fleet introduced many new systems and procedures to raise standards, but these measures are yet to be applied consistently across the school by all teachers"."
""We have not suddenly started work on these problems since Ofsted visited", Fleet said, "We have been addressing our problems ever since I arrived, but in some areas progress has been slower than we'd hoped. Being in special measures will actually help us accelerate certain changes that we need to make, as it will enable greater intervention by the school and the LEA to address the problem areas"."
In September 2006 the school was awarded dual specialisms in Science and Mathematics and Computing.
In Easter of 2007, Fleet achieved his goal when "Hreod Parkway" was vacated and everyone moved into the new campus built on an adjacent green field site. The new school was renamed "Nova Hreod". The disruption of the move and the dilapidated state of the old buildings affected GCSE results, and the school achieved a poor score on the contextual value added (CVA) tables, and for truancy.
After Fleet's retirement, and following appointment of Julie Tridgell as Headteacher in September 2008, subsequent GCSE results put "Nova Hreod" on the list of the most improved schools in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19249270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249270" title="Daisy Tourné">
Daisy Tourné

Daisy Tourné (born 1951) is a Uruguayan politician.
Background.
Tourné is an elementary school teacher and a social psychologist by profession.
Frente Amplio associations.
She is aligned politically with the Frente Amplio movement, which has been in government office since 2005, headed by President of Uruguay Tabaré Vázquez.
Between 1995 and 2007 Tourné served as a deputy for Montevideo, prior to taking up ministerial office.
Family links.
Daisy Tourné is a niece to former Senator Uruguay Tourné, of the conservative National Party (Uruguay).
Ministerial office.
Between 2007 and June 2009 she served as Interior Minister in the government of President Tabaré Vázquez, the first woman to have been appointed to that post.
Tourné succeeded José Díaz in the post in 2007.
She was herself succeeded in her post in 2009 firstly as a temporary measure by Víctor Rossi, and then by Jorge Bruni as a permanent appointment.
Visit of US President George W. Bush.
In 2007, as Interior Minister, Tourné oversaw security for the visit to Uruguay of US President George W. Bush, to whom a significant hostility among many of Ms. Tourné's Frente Amplio colleagues, raised in a tradition which magnifies Che Guevara and his Cuban fellow revolutionaries, was widely noted. This event occurred very shortly after her appointment to office.
Controversies.
In 2008 the opposition Colorado Party Presidential front runner Pedro Bordaberry Herrán called on Tourné to resign.
Bordaberry's call followed his publicly expressed doubts about what he claimed was Tourné's lack of commitment to her ministerial responsibility for public safety issues. The criticism, which highlighted likely discourse during the 2009 Presidential elections, was rejected by Tourné.
Resignation from Frente Amplio government.
However, Tourné eventually did resign on 4 June 2009. According to some reports, the President himself asked Tourné to resign the Ministry following the incident, while these reports were contradicted by others.
The resignation occurred following some public "gaffes", which included comments widely deemed indiscreet about former President Luis Alberto Lacalle. She also made a widely noted personal comment re. former Vice President Luis Antonio Hierro López. This event came about 18 months after the Frente Amplio had disavowed another prominent member within its ranks for comparable comments made regarding the son of former President Lacalle.
Public debate on alleged 'crudeness' in political discourse.
There followed a public debate on the supposed significance of 'crudeness', with some observers having regarded Ms. Tourné as having been unacceptably 'crude'.
In turn, the Uruguayan Socialist Party spokesman on the contrary accused the Opposition of 'crude machismo'.

</doc>
<doc id="19249300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249300" title="Gour Das Bysack">
Gour Das Bysack

Gour Das Bysack (sometimes parts of his name have been transliterated as Gaur, Dass, Dos, Bysac) was a Bengali writer prominent in the late 19th century. He was known for his friendship with Michael Madhusudan Dutta.

</doc>
<doc id="19249302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249302" title="Françoise Fabian">
Françoise Fabian

Françoise Fabian (born 10 May 1933) is a French film actress. She has appeared in more than 80 films since 1956.
She was born in Algiers, French Algeria, and is the widow of screenwriter and director Jacques Becker and actor Marcel Bozzuffi. One of her best-known roles is as Maud in Eric Rohmer's "My Night at Maud's". She also played the role of Charlotte in Buñuel's "Belle de Jour".

</doc>
<doc id="19249327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249327" title="Gola Gokaran Nath Temple">
Gola Gokaran Nath Temple

Gola Gokaran Nath Temple is a Hindu temple in Gola Gokarannath, Uttar Pradesh, India and is also known as Shiv Temple of Gola Gokaran Nath. It is a temple dedicated to Lord Shiva. The Gola Gokaran Nath is also called "Choti Kashi". 
History.
It is the belief of the people that Lord Shiva was pleased with the penance (Tapasya) of Rawana (King of Lanka) and offered him a boon. Rawana requested the Lord Shiva to go to Lanka with him and leave Himalya forever. The Lord Shiva agreed to go on condition that he should not be placed anywhere on the way to Lanka. If he were placed anywhere, he would settle at that place. Rawana agreed and started his journey to Lanka with the Lord on his head. When Rawana reached the Gola Gokaran Nath (then called Gollihara) he felt the need to urinate (a call of nature). Rawana offered some gold coins to a shepherd (who was none other than Lord Ganesha sent by deities) for placing the Lord Shiva on his head until he returned. The shepherd (Lord Ganesha) placed him on the land. Rawana failed to lift him up despite all his efforts. He pressed him on his head with his thumb in full anger. The impression of Rawana's thumb is still present on the Shivling. 
Festival.
In the month of Chatra (April) a great fair is organised for one month known as "Cheti-Mela".

</doc>
<doc id="19249329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249329" title="40th Canadian Parliament">
40th Canadian Parliament

The 40th Canadian Parliament was in session from November 18, 2008 to March 26, 2011, and was the last Parliament of the longest-running minority government in Canadian history that began with the previous Parliament. The membership of its House of Commons was determined by the results of the 2008 federal election held on October 14, 2008. Its first session was then prorogued by the Governor General on December 4, 2008, at the request of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who was facing a likely no-confidence motion and a coalition agreement between the Liberal party and the New Democratic Party with the support of the Bloc Québécois (see 2008–2009 Canadian parliamentary dispute). Of the 308 MPs elected at the October 14, 2008 general election, 64 were new to Parliament and three sat in Parliaments previous to the 39th: John Duncan, Jack Harris, and Roger Pomerleau.
There were three sessions of the 40th Parliament.
On March 25, 2011, the House of Commons passed a Liberal motion of non-confidence by a vote of 156 to 145, finding the Conservative Cabinet in contempt of parliament, an unprecedented finding in Canadian and Commonwealth parliamentary history. On March 26, 2011, Prime Minister Stephen Harper subsequently asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve parliament and issue a writ of election.
Party standings.
The party standings as of the election, and at dissolution, were as follows:
Resignations and by-elections.
NDP MP Dawn Black resigned her seat of New Westminster—Coquitlam effective April 13, 2009, to run (successfully) in the provincial riding of New Westminster in the 2009 British Columbia general election. The NDP's Fin Donnelly won the seat left vacant by Black in a by-election on November 9, 2009.
Independent MP Bill Casey resigned his seat of Cumberland—Colchester—Musquodoboit Valley effective April 30, 2009, to accept a job as the Nova Scotia Department of Intergovernmental Affairs' senior representative in Ottawa. He was a former Conservative who voted against the 2007 budget, claiming that it broke the Atlantic Accord with his province and Newfoundland and Labrador, and was subsequently expelled from the Conservative caucus. Scott Armstrong, the Conservative candidate, won the by-election for this seat on November 9, 2009.
Bloc Québécois MP Paul Crête resigned his seat of Montmagny—L'Islet—Kamouraska—Rivière-du-Loup on May 21, 2009, to run in a provincial by-election in Rivière-du-Loup. Conservative Bernard Généreux won the November 9, 2009 by-election for this seat.
Bloc Québécois MP Réal Ménard resigned his seat of Hochelaga on September 16, 2009, to run in Montreal's municipal elections. On November 9, 2009, Daniel Paillé won this seat for the Bloc in a by-election.
New Democratic Party MP Judy Wasylycia-Leis (Winnipeg North) resigned from the House on April 30, 2010, to run (unsuccessfully) for the mayoralty of Winnipeg. Liberal Kevin Lamoureux won the by-election to replace her on November 29, 2010.
Liberal MP Maurizio Bevilacqua (Vaughan) resigned from the House effective August 25, 2010 to successfully run for mayor in Vaughan. Conservative Julian Fantino won the November 29, 2010 by-election to replace him.
Conservative MP Inky Mark (Dauphin—Swan River—Marquette) resigned from the House effective September 15, 2010 to run for mayor in Dauphin. Robert Sopuck held the seat for the Conservatives in a by-election held on November 29, 2010.
Bloc Québécois MP Jean-Yves Roy resigned from the House effective October 22, 2010, followed by Conservative MP Jay Hill effective October 25, 2010. Conservative MP Jim Prentice resigned from the House effective November 14, 2010 to take a position with CIBC. By-elections in these three ridings were not scheduled prior to the issue of the writ for the 41st general election.
1st session and prorogation.
The first session of the 40th parliament opened on November 18, 2008, after Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the Conservatives won a slightly stronger minority government in the 2008 election. With a new government in session, Finance Minister Jim Flaherty tabled a fiscal update nine days later. Among other things, the update cut government spending, suspended the ability of civil servants to strike, sold off some Crown assets, and eliminated existing political party subsidies. This fiscal update was rejected by the opposition, and became a catalyst for talks of a coalition government. Stéphane Dion of the Liberal Party and Jack Layton of the New Democratic Party, signed an accord stating that in the event that the government lost the confidence of the house, they would form a coalition with the support of Gilles Duceppe and the Bloc Québécois, if asked to do so by the Governor General of Canada Michaëlle Jean. However, Stephen Harper delayed the vote of non-confidence scheduled for December 1, and the Governor General prorogued parliament on Harper's advice on December 4, 2008, until January 26, 2009.
After prorogation, calls came from within the Liberal Party for Dion to resign immediately. Dion initially scheduled his resignation for the party's leadership convention in May 2009, but on December 8, 2008, he announced that he would step down upon the selection of his successor. After the withdrawal of Bob Rae and Dominic LeBlanc from the leadership race, Michael Ignatieff became the only leadership candidate, and therefore was appointed interim leader of the Liberals and the opposition on December 10, 2008.
2nd Session and prorogation.
The Governor-in-Council recalled parliament on January 26, 2009. Its first business (after the Throne Speech) was to present the federal budget, which included a large deficit. After negotiations with new opposition leader Michael Ignatieff, the government promised to present regular updates on the stimulus budget, and the Liberals and Conservatives joined to pass the budget and keep the Conservative government in power. The Conservative government made crime a major focus of the session. The Conservatives reintroduced their former mandatory minimums bill, known as Bill C-15.
On December 30, 2009, Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced that he would advise the Governor General to prorogue parliament during the 2010 Winter Olympics, until March 3, 2010. He telephoned Governor General Michaëlle Jean to ask her permission to end the parliamentary session and Jean signed the proclamation later that day.
According to Harper's spokesman, he sought his second prorogation to consult with Canadians about the economy. In an interview with CBC News, Prince Edward Island Liberal member of parliament Wayne Easter accused the Prime Minister of "shutting democracy down". The second prorogation in a year also received some international criticism as being not very democratic.
In response to the prorogation, demonstrations took place on January 23, 2010, in over 60 Canadian cities, and at least four cities in other countries. The protests attracted thousands of participants, many who had joined a group on Facebook.
Senate appointments.
The Senate of Canada has seen new members appointed in blocs of 18, 9, and 5; all were appointed to the Conservative caucus. The balance of power shifted for the first time on August 27, 2009, when the Liberal caucus was reduced to holding a plurality of 52 seats. On January 29, 2010, the balance shifted again as five vacancies were filled by appointed Conservatives, giving them a plurality of 51, with the Liberals holding the next-highest number of seats at 49. The Conservatives achieved an absolute majority when Don Meredith and Larry Smith were appointed on December 20, 2010. After dissolution, Smith and Fabian Manning resigned to run in the 2011 election. That reduced the Conservative caucus to 52, but they retained a majority of sitting senators as there were 50 senators of other parties and 3 vacancies.
Honorary Senators.
The Senate of Canada posthumously awarded the title of Honorary Senator during the 40th Parliament to five pioneering women known as The Famous Five.
Officeholders.
Other Chair occupants.
Senate
House of Commons
Floor leaders.
Senate
House of Commons
Whips.
Senate
House of Commons

</doc>
<doc id="19249339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249339" title="Umut Kekıllı">
Umut Kekıllı

Playing career.
Kekıllı began his career with Alemannia Aachen's second team, before moving to Turkey to play for Kocaelispor.
Personal life.
Since 2010 is in relationship with German actress Natascha Ochsenknecht.

</doc>
<doc id="19249365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249365" title="Cool &amp; Dre production discography">
Cool &amp; Dre production discography


</doc>
<doc id="19249373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249373" title="Giulietta e Romeo">
Giulietta e Romeo

Giulietta e Romeo is a dramma per musica by composer Niccolò Antonio Zingarelli with an Italian libretto by Giuseppe Maria Foppa after the 1530 novella of the same name by Luigi da Porto. The opera premiered at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan on 30 January 1796.
"Giulietta e Romeo" was composed by Zingarelli in only eight days and it is considered by many scholars to be his best work. The opera remained a part of the Italian repertory well into the nineteenth century and the role of Giulietta was a favourite vehicle for Maria Malibran until c 1830.

</doc>
<doc id="19249411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249411" title="Maltese folklore">
Maltese folklore

Maltese folklore is the folk tradition which has developed in Malta over the centuries, and expresses the cultural identity of the Maltese people.
Festas.
Local festivals celebrating the patron saint of the local parish, similar to those in southern Italy, are commonplace in Malta. Several "festi" take place in different towns and villages across Malta every weekend in the summer. A "festa" reaches its apex with a High Mass featuring a sermon on the life and achievements of the patron saint, after which a statue of the religious patron is taken around the local streets in solemn procession, with the faithful following in respectful prayer. The religious atmosphere quickly gives way to several days of revelry, band processions, fireworks, and late night parties.
In the weeks leading up to a local "festa", the main streets around the parish are richly decorated, with brocade banners, ornate religious sculptures mounted on pedestals and, all around the "zuntier" (parvis) of the parish church, hawkers set up stalls stocked with food and the local variety of nougat. The parish church itself is typically illuminated at night, although the "fjakkoli" (flaming lanterns) of yesteryear have been supplanted by bright-coloured electric bulbs.
Some of the seaside towns feature a unique and popular medieval game known as the ġostra. Although the word itself is derived from the Italian "giostra", Maltese "ġostra" has little in common with medieval jousting, and is in fact derived from the Neapolitan game of the Cockaigne pole. It involves a 10-metre long greased pole, mounted on a barge out in the bay, perched on a precarious angle out over the sea. Competing youths scramble up the pole, in an attempt to snatch a pennant, flag or other trophy from the top of the pole.
Band clubs.
Virtually every parish in Malta has a band club (Maltese: "il-każin tal-banda"), and in some cases, two. The musicians are generally a lively combination of dilettantes and volunteers, with a sprinkling of professional or semi-professional players. The bands typically consist of woodwind and brass instruments, and percussion. They are feature performers in the village "festa", accompanying the statue of the parish's titular saint with celebratory music. Their music is very similar to their Sicilian and Southern Italian counterparts.
Although drums and flutes are known to have participated in religious processions in Malta as early as the 16th century, today's Maltese band clubs are in fact a more recent introduction to Maltese culture, c. 19th century, at the height of British rule over Malta. The village bands were in part assembled in response to, and heavily influenced by, the marching bands of the British military. Indeed the oldest of today's Maltese bands was set up by Filippo Galea whose father was a bandmaster with the British military. A few years after setting up his band (Banda di San Filippo) in 1851 in Zebbug, Filippo followed in his father's footsteps and made a distinguished military career as a bandmaster. Other renowned Maltese musicians like Indri Borg are also accredited with the setting up of bands of which only one survives to this day (L-Isle Adam Band of Rabat, founded in 1860), although Maestro Borg also took charge of the Banda di San Filippo in 1860. However, throughout the 1800s, Malta experienced a steady influx of Sicilian and Italian refugees and immigrants, fleeing from civil war or under sentence of exile, who stimulated and popularized the concept of a village band.
Weddings.
Traditional Maltese weddings featured the bridal party walking in procession beneath an ornate canopy, from the home of the bride's family to the parish church, with singers trailing behind serenading the bride and groom. The Maltese word for this custom is il-ġilwa. This custom along with many others has long since disappeared from the Islands, in the face of modern practices.
New wives would wear the għonnella, a traditional item of Maltese clothing. However, it is no longer worn in modern Malta. Today's couples are married in churches, chapels or hotels in the village or town of their choice. The nuptials are usually followed by a lavish wedding reception, often including several hundred guests. Occasionally, couples will try to incorporate elements of the traditional Maltese wedding in their celebration.
There has been a recent resurgence of interest in traditional weddings. The annually held Matese Traditional Wedding in the Village of Żurrieq is very popular. Around May of each year, thousands of Maltese and tourists attend a traditional Maltese wedding in the style of the 16th century. This includes "il-ġilwa", which leads the bride and groom to a wedding ceremony in various places such as the parvis of St. Andrew's Chapel. The reception that follows features folklore music ("għana") and dancing.
In September 2008, the 3rd Edition of the Qala International Folk Festival in Gozo featured "It-Tieg fl-Antik". This re-enactment of a traditional Gozitan wedding was officiated at Bishop Michael Buttigieg Square in front of the stone cross column, after which, a procession with the newly weds, led up to the Main Square of the village of Qala, where a typical ‘festin’ was awaiting them, serving traditional delicacies of the period.
Birth and childhood.
Traditional Maltese proverbs reveal a cultural preoccupation with childbearing and fertility: ""iż-żwieġ mingħajr tarbija ma fihx tgawdija"" (a childless marriage cannot be a happy one). This is a belief that Malta shares with many other Mediterranean cultures, most notably, Israel, Palestine and Morocco. In Maltese folktales, the local variant of the classic closing formula, "and they all lived happily ever after" is ""u għammru u tgħammru, u spiċċat"" (and they lived together, and they had children together, and the tale is finished).
Rural Malta shares in common with Mediterranean and traditional Jewish society a number of superstitions regarding fertility, menstruation, and pregnancy, including the avoidance of cemeteries during the months leading up to childbirth, and avoiding the preparation of certain foods during menses. Pregnant women are encouraged to satisfy their cravings for specific foods, out of fear that their unborn child will bear a representational birth mark (Maltese: "xewqa", literally "desire" or "craving"). Maltese and Sicilian women also share certain traditions that are believed to predict the sex of an unborn child, such as the cycle of the moon on the anticipated date of birth, whether the baby is carried "high" or "low" during pregnancy, and the movement of a wedding ring, dangled on a string above the abdomen (sideways denoting a girl, back and forth denoting a boy).
Traditionally, Maltese newborns were baptised as promptly as possible, partly out of fear of limbo should the child die in infancy, and partly because according to Maltese (and Sicilian) folklore an unbaptised child is not yet a Christian, but "still a Turk". Traditional Maltese delicacies served at a baptismal feast include "biskuttini tal-magħmudija" (almond macaroons covered in white or pink icing), "it-torta tal-marmorata" (a spicy, heart-shaped tart of chocolate-flavoured almond paste), and a liqueur known as "rożolin", made with rose petals, violets and almonds.
On a child's first birthday, in a tradition that still survives today, Maltese parents would organize a game known as "il-quċċija", where a variety of symbolic objects would be randomly placed around the seated child. These may include a hard-boiled egg (when grown lots of money), a Bible(they become priests), crucifix or rosary beads(they become sisters), a book, and so on. Whichever object the child shows most interest in is said to reveal the child's path and fortunes in adulthood.
Money refers to a rich future while a book expresses intelligence and a possible career as a teacher. Infants who select a pencil or pen will be writers. Choosing bibles or rosary beads refers to a clerical or monastic life. If the child chooses a hard-boiled egg, it will have a long life and many of children. More recent additions include calculators (refers to accounting), thread (fashion) and wooden spoons (cooking and a great appetite).
Folktales.
In the early years of the twentieth century, Maltese folktales were collected by the Jesuit scholar Manwel Magri and published in the series "Kotba tal-Mogħdija taż-Żmien" and also in the collection "Ħrejjef Missirijietna" ("tales from our fathers"). This collection of material inspired subsequent researchers and academics to gather traditional tales, fables and legends from all over the Archipelago.
Magri's work also inspired a series of comic books released by Klabb Kotba Maltin in 1984. The titles included "Bin is-Sultan Jiżżewweġ x-Xebba tat-Tronġiet Mewwija" and "Ir-Rjieħ". Some of the stories are about giants, witches and dragons; others are about imaginary Maltese beings. These include the Kaw Kaw or Gaw Gaw, a grey and slimy creature who roamed the streets at night and could smell out naughty boys and Il-Belliegħa, a monster that lived in wells and could pull in children who looked into them.
The weather.
In rural parts of Malta and Gozo, locals engage in a curious form of weather forecasting in the days leading up to Christmas: from St. Lucy's Day, December 13, to Christmas Eve, December 24, cloud formations and weather conditions on each successive day are said to presage or approximate the weather conditions of one specific month of the following year. The signs observed on these twelve days are referred to as "l-irwiegel" ("the rules"). In this instance we can drawn an immediate parallel with a local Sicilian tradition and proverb: ""Di li carènnuli si canusci l'annata - Li dudici misi di l'anni novu si cumincianu di li dudici jorna prima di Natali"". Variations of this customs also appear in Normandy and in other parts of Northern Europe.
Other festivities.
Carnival.
Maltese Carnival (Maltese: "il-karnival ta' Malta") has had an important place on the cultural calendar for just under five centuries, introduced to the Islands by Grand Master Piero de Ponte in 1535. It is held during the week leading up to Ash Wednesday, and typically includes masked balls, fancy dress and grotesque mask competitions, lavish late-night parties, a colourful, ticker-tape parade of allegorical floats presided over by King Carnival (Maltese: "ir-Re tal-Karnival"), marching bands and costumed revellers.
Holy Week.
Holy Week (Maltese: "il-Ġimgħa Mqaddsa") starts on Palm Sunday ("Ħadd il-Palm") and ends on Easter Sunday ("Ħadd il-Għid"). Numerous religious traditions, most of them inherited from one generation to the next, are part of the paschal celebrations in the Maltese Islands, honouring the death and resurrection of Jesus.
Mnarja.
Mnarja, or l-Imnarja (pronounced "lim-nar-ya") is one of the most important dates on the Maltese cultural calendar. Officially, it is a national festival dedicated to the feast of Saints Peter and St. Paul. In fact its roots can be traced back to the pagan Roman feast of "Luminaria" (literally, "the illumination"), when the early summer night of June 29 was illuminated by torches and bonfires. A national feast since the rule of the Knights, Mnarja is a traditional Maltese festival of food, religion and music. The festivities still commence today with the reading of the ""bandu"", an official governmental announcement, which has been read on this day in Malta since the 16th century. Originally, Mnarja was celebrated outside St. Paul's Grotto, in the north of Malta; however, by 1613 the focus of the festivities had shifted to the Cathedral of St. Paul, in Mdina, and featured torchlight processions, the firing of 100 petards, horseraces, and races for men, boys and slaves. Modern Mnarja festivals take place in and around the woodlands of Buskett, just outside the town of Rabat.
It is said that under the Knights, this was the one day in the year when the Maltese were allowed to hunt and eat wild rabbit, which was otherwise reserved for the hunting pleasures of the Knights. The close connection between Mnarja and rabbit stew (Maltese: ""fenkata"") remains strong today. In 1854 British governor William Reid launched an agricultural show at Buskett which is still being held today. The farmers' exhibition is still a seminal part of the Mnarja festivities today.
Mnarja today is one of the few occasions when participants may hear traditional Maltese "għana". Traditionally, grooms would promise to take their newly or recently wed brides to Mnarja during the first of year of marriage and, for luck, many of the brides would attend in their full wedding gown and veil, although this custom has long since disappeared from the Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19249412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249412" title="TIK (band)">
TIK (band)

TIK () is a Ukrainian folk rock band with heavy influences of ska and shanson. It was formed in 2005 in Vinnytsia, Ukraine. The band's name is an abbreviation of the Ukrainian phrase "Тверезість і культура" which means "Sobriety and Culture".
History.
TIK can trace its origin in 2000 when the history student Viktor Broniuk (vocals, accordion) and the music student Denys Repey (bass guitar) in Vinnytsia decided to form a band that they called TIK from the Ukrainian phrase "Тверезість і культура". In 2003 they were joined by the guitarist Kostiantyn Terepa and the drummer Oleksandr Filinkov.
The band made their first real public appearance at a concert in Vinnytsia on June 2, 2005, and that date is considered to be the birthday of the band. In the autumn of 2005 the band was joined by Yuriy Martsyniuk (keyboards and saxophone) and shortly after that the band recorded its first demo tape.
In 2006 the guitarist Kostiantyn Terepa left the band and was replaced by Serhiy Oliynyk. But later also Denys Repey and Yuriy Martsyniuk left the band. In May 2006 Serhiy Fedchyshyn (bass guitar), Yevhen Zykov (keyboards) and Yan Nikitchuk (trumpet) joined the band.
In late May 2006 the band started to record their first album. One of the first songs that was recorded was "Oleni" (Deers) which they recorded together with the Belarusian band Lyapis Trubetskoy. A music video was recorded during the autumn and "Oleni" made its first appearance on Ukrainian TV in late November 2006. It was soon followed by another music video called "Vchytelka" (Teacher). The album with eleven songs was called "LiteraDura" and was released on May 27, 2007. 
A second album called "TyKHYI" was released on September 25, 2008. All songs are written by the band except for a cover of the 1980s Soviet hit "Bielyje Rozy", but it is heavily rearranged by the band and also translated to Ukrainian; "Bili Troiandy".

</doc>
<doc id="19249416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249416" title="The People Speak (film)">
The People Speak (film)

The People Speak is a 2009 American documentary feature film that uses dramatic and musical performances of the letters, diaries, and speeches of everyday Americans. The film gives voice to those who, by insisting on equality and justice, spoke up for social change throughout U.S. history and also illustrates the relevance of this to today's society. 
The film is narrated by historian Howard Zinn and is based on his books "A People's History of the United States" and, with Anthony Arnove, "Voices of a People's History of the United States". 
"The People Speak" is produced by Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, Chris Moore, Anthony Arnove, and Howard Zinn. It is co-directed by Moore, Arnove and Zinn.
Production.
The movie was shot on location in Boston, in front of live audiences at Emerson's Cutler Majestic Theatre in January 2008 and at Malibu Performing Arts Center, Malibu.
Cast.
Allison Moorer, Benjamin Bratt, Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, Chris Robinson, Christina Kirk, Danny Glover, Darryl "D.M.C." McDaniels, David Strathairn, Don Cheadle, Eddie Vedder, Harris Yulin, Jasmine Guy, John Legend, Josh Brolin, Kathleen Chalfant, Kerry Washington, Lupe Fiasco, Marisa Tomei, Martín Espada, Matt Damon, Michael Ealy, Mike O'Malley, Morgan Freeman, P!nk, Q'orianka Kilcher, Reg E. Cathey, Rich Robinson, Rosario Dawson, Sandra Oh, Sean Penn, Staceyann Chin, Viggo Mortensen
Screenings.
Clips from the film were screened at the Democratic National Convention in August 2008 and at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2008. The movie opened MoMA's Documentary Fortnight in New York in February 2009 and was screened on April 16, 2009 at the Atlanta Film Festival. [http://atlanta.bside.com/2009/films/thepeoplespeak_atlanta2009 In November 2009, the movie premiere was held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York.
"The People Speak" premiered on The History Channel on Sunday, December 13, 2009.
Reviews.
The film was well received by the critics. The "Los Angeles Times" [http://www.latimes.com/entertainment/news/la-et-people-speak12-2009dec12,0,7132049.story]
described it as "Striking, exhilarating... the performances are thrilling”. According to the "Boston Globe", "The documentary... works beautifully... Each passionate reading flows out of the previous one." 
"USA Today" [http://www.usatoday.com/life/people/2009-12-10-Brolin10_ST_N.htm] reported Damon as saying: "This is the perfect format for a history lesson. You’re getting the actual historical text verbatim, so there’s no spin, performed by these great actors. History is intimidating. There’s so much to know. If I could go back to college again, I would be a history major." According to the newspaper, Springsteen taped at his ranch in New Jersey while Brolin was at work and Brolin said: “They ended up spending five or six hours. And I got this little card from Bruce Springsteen that said: ‘Josh, thank you so much for making my childhood dream come true. I had the greatest day of my life.’"
Soundtrack.
"The People Speak" soundtrack on Verve Records features Bruce Springsteen, who performs with just a guitar and harmonica in his New Jersey home recording studio, and John Legend who sings solo backed by a piano at a Boston theatre, as well as others (including Taj Mahal, Allison Moorer, The Black Crowes' Rich Robinson and X's Exene Cervenka and John Doe) at the Malibu Performing Arts Center, where they perform both vintage and recent protest-music classics.
Springsteen reprises the John Steinbeck/Woody Guthrie-inspired “The Ghost of Tom Joad” from his 1995 album of the same name; Dylan sings Guthrie's “Do Re Mi”; and two early Dylan songs “Masters Of War” and “Only A Pawn In Their Game” are performed by Eddie Vedder and Rich Robinson, respectively.
One of the best-known songs of the Great Depression, “Brother, Can You Spare A Dime?”, is sung by Moorer; Newman is at his piano for “Sail Away”, the title track from his 1972 album; Legend performs Marvin Gaye's 1970s anthem “What's Going On”; Mahal plays “Blues With A Feeling”; and Cervenka and Doe revive X's roots rocker “See How We Are” from 1987. More recent protest songs are Fiasco's “American Terrorist”, first heard on his 2006 debut album; Pink's “Dear Mr. President,” heard on her album of that same year; and Browne's “The Drums Of War”, which debuted on his 2008 album.
The soundtrack, on Verve Records, features new songs by Allison Moorer, Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, Eddie Vedder, Exene Cervenka, Jackson Browne, John Doe, John Legend, Lupe Fiasco, P!nk, Randy Newman, Rich Robinson, and Taj Mahal. More info at: www.peopleshistory.us/news/people-speak-soundtrack-CD-on-Verve [http://www.peopleshistory.us/news/people-speak-soundtrack-CD-on-Verve]
"The People Speak" – International.
"The People Speak" UK.
Colin Firth ("A Single Man", "Love Actually)" developed the British version of the film together with History UK and the film’s US producers Anthony Arnove and Chris Moore. Like the original, the UK version draws on writings that have influenced British history and it includes performances by British screen and stage actors. These include Ian McKellen, Joss Stone, Saffron Burrows, Mark Strong, Celia Imrie, Noel Clarke, Sir Ben Kingsley, Mark Steel, Stephen Rea and others. 
The documentary aired on History UK on October 31, 2010.
"The People Speak" Australia.
The Australian version was filmed by Foxtel and The History Channel Australia on 9 July 2012 at Carriageworks in Redfern, Sydney in front of a live audience. It was produced by WTFN Entertainment and directed by Phillip Tanner.
Australian actors to appear include Alex Dimitriades, Asher Keddie, Chris Haywood, Claudia Karvan, Dan Wyllie, David Wenham, Jack Thompson, John Jarratt, Leah Purcell, Magda Szubanski, Rebecca Gibney, Ryan Kwanten, Sam Worthington. There were musical performances by Christine Anu, Julia Stone and Tex Perkins. Narration was by Thomas Keneally. 
It was aired on The History Channel 2 December 2012.
Other international versions of "A People’s History" are also being developed. These will be based on the same format, exploring people's histories in other countries.
"The People Speak" – Education.
An educational version of "The People Speak" is in production, in association with Voices of a People's History of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19249421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249421" title="Simon Richardson">
Simon Richardson

Simon Richardson MBE (born 10 November 1966) is a Welsh paralympic racing cyclist.
Biography.
Richardson was born in 1966 in Porthcawl, Wales, and is the son of John and Diana Richardson. He is married to Amanda and has two sons Ashley and Benjamin. In 2001 he was involved in a car accident which left him with serious leg and back injuries and no feeling down his left hand side. Prior to his accident Richardson was a keen cyclist, but he stopped cycling until 2005 when his doctors advised him to start training again to help his rehabilitation. Richardson cycled powered only by his right leg, riding an adapted bike. He made his debut in the Welsh national team in 2006, competing at the Welsh Grand Prix and entered the road race and time trial, finishing seventh and fifth respectively. He later competed at the Para-Cycling Europa Cup held in 2007 which was held in Germany where he placed seventh. Richardson is coached by Courtney Rowe and trains at the Wales National Velodrome, which is situated in the Newport International Sports Village. His development is organised through the Disability Sport Wales Performance Programme.
It was announced on 31 December 2008 that Richardson was to be appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours "or services to Disabled Sport".
In August 2011, Richardson was injured when struck by a hit and run driver, whilst he was cycling on the A48 between Cowbridge and Bridgend, South Wales. He was described as being in "critical condition", with "fractures to the spine, a broken pelvis, a broken breast bone, cuts to his legs, and a "detached" lung". The injuries meant that he was unable to compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, despite having been "a very top contender to be considered" for the Games.
The motorist who hit Richardson was subsequently convicted of dangerous driving and jailed for 18 months at Cardiff Crown Court.
2008 Beijing Paralympic Games.
Richardson competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics held in Beijing, China, initially in the LC 3–4 class kilo, finishing in a world record time of 1 minute 14.936 seconds. This time secured the gold medal and was his first win in a major event. Richardson later competed in the LC3–4 3km individual pursuit, finishing in 3 minutes 49.214 seconds which secured his second gold medal of the games. The LC3–4 class is for athletes with lower limb disabilities, which may affect one, or both of the lower limbs. Richardson went on to take the Silver medal in the LC3 class road time trial in a time of 38 minues 23.73 seconds, 23.42 seconds behind gold medallist Laurent Thirionet. He also competed in the men's individual road race on 13 September 2008, finishing in tenth place.

</doc>
<doc id="19249476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249476" title="La Machine (production company)">
La Machine (production company)

La Machine is a French production company based in Nantes, France, which is famous for La Princesse, a 50-foot mechanical spider constructed in Nantes, France.
Background.
The group was formed by artists, designers, fabricators and technicians in early 1990s and is currently led by François Delarozière, Artistic Director and creator of "La Princesse". They are known by its extraordinary theatrical machines, permanent installations, and also its own theatrical productions.
La Princesse.
The Journey Begins.
On Friday evening the show proper started as the spider 'stood up' to its full height and began to walk away from the arena. A huge crowd turned out, despite the heavy rain, to see this impressive sight. It walked around the Albert Dock area and proceeded onto the Strand main road, which was closed for the evening. A moving cordon of stewards surrounded the spider as it moved through the big crowd, which made for an interesting crowd control challenge at times. The spider sprayed water onto the crowds and touched various objects at the roadside, including the odd umbrella of a member of the public. At all times it was followed by a full live band, housed in their own platforms on top of fortlift trucks and skylifts. This provided the event with its own impressive soundtrack as the beast moved along. 
It then turned off the Strand and back into the Albert Dock complex. Here it paused and was lifted from its traction body by a huge crane and into Salthouse Dock, where it was sprayed (along with the crowd) by huge water cannons. After its 'bath' it returned to its traction body and walked along the stand to its resting place for the night next to the Liver Building.
City Centre Rampage.
On Saturday the show was listed to start at 11:30am, with an hours performance taking place at its location outside the Liver Building. However the crowd were to be disappointed as music played but the spider did not move. This misunderstanding was put down to the production company wishing to maintain the mystery of what was going to take place and culture differences. 
At 2:30 pm the show did get underway as planned with the spider awakening and starting to walk up Water Street towards the city centre. Liverpool at this point was brimming with its usual Saturday afternoon shopping crowd and the tens of thousands who had turned out to see the spider. The streets around the route and of the actual route itself were crammed full of people. 
Many people would have considered it insane for the hugh 60 ft spider to walk right through the middle of this crowd, up through the city centre's streets, and right into the heart of the city's shopping district. However this is exactly what occurred, with the crowd dispersed by the moving cordon around the spider. Local media reported that the scene was more representative of a victory parade of a football team or the crowds attracted by the Beatles to the city centre in their heyday. 
The crowd fought for position to get close to the huge spider and to gain the best viewing points as it moved through the city centre. The more knowledgeable members of the crowd dived from one side street to another in order to gain the best viewing points as the spider moved from one location to another. Famously one bride could not get through the crowds to her wedding at the Town Hall and had to be helped through the crowd on foot by the police. The spider's musicians played an impromptu wedding march as they fought through the crowd. 
Various set pieces took place along the spider's route, involving smoke, fireworks and water cannon. The spider worked its way towards the main shopping area, passing the new Liverpool One shopping development. The sight of seeing this huge spider walking down the main shopping street of Liverpool was truly a once-in-a-lifetime sight, compared by some to being in the blockbuster film War of the Worlds. When the spider reached the centre of the main shopping street, it was covered by a snow shower from above in order to make it go to sleep. It came to a rest at around 5pm, taking a break before its further exploits that evening.
The City Fights Back.
The next chapter of the story involved the city fighting back and attempting to halt the path of the invading spider. At 7:30 pm it awoke and continued to move up the main shopping street, Church Street. When it reached the top of the street it was met by a barrage of flame cannons. These consisted of long copper pipes, fired with high pressure gas. The heat and noise produced by this halted the spider in its tracks, while a mechanical digger moved in to attempt to fell the beast. The spider then changed its path to escape this and moved upwards towards Lime Street. 
Upon reaching Lime Street it was met by huge air fans, which attempted to hold it back, but to no avail. It continued onwards towards Lime Street Station and the empty Concourse Tower, where it had first been sighted on Wednesday. A further barrage of flames stopped the spider from moving on any further and it turned towards the station. 
Cranes then moved in to lift it from its traction body and, with operators still on board, it started to moved into a vertical position. The spider then moved from one crane to another and amazingly attached itself to the side of the tower. This proved to be quite a spectacle for the huge crowd watching from St Georges Plateau. A snow shower then engulfed the spider and it went to sleep for the evening.
The Creature Departs.
On Sunday the spider was lifted down from the tower ready for its departure. It moved across St Georges Plateau amongst a huge crowd and moved down towards the Queensway Tunnel. Fireworks erupted from surrounding buildings as it passed. The spider then turned to its adoring crowd and moved backwards, facing the crowd as it disappeared in a cloud of smoke into the tunnel entrance. After this the operators returned to meet the many ovations of the crowd.
Impact.
The people of Liverpool took the great spider to their hearts and many thousands turned out to see the spectacle, regardless of the poor weather. Some estimates put the crowd at 150,000 over the weekend. This event therefore could be considered the jewel in the crown of the Capital of Culture celebrations. The crowds had experienced a once in a lifetime spectacle. Its £1.8 million price tag was criticised by some, however the event undoubtedly brought much more than this into the city in tourism. The city also received worldwide media attention from the event and many international visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19249478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249478" title="Japanese submarine I-202">
Japanese submarine I-202

I-202 was one of only three I-200 class submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy to be completed during World War II. The I-200 class were of advanced design, and had been built for high underwater speed. They were the fastest operational submarines built during World War II, surpassing even the German Type XXI submarines.
Service history.
Launched on 2 September 1944, "I-202" was the second I-200 class submarine to be completed, on 12 February 1945.
After a battery charging operation which attempted to reduce the time taken by using higher current, "I-202" suffered explosions in her battery compartments which ruined 500 battery cells and damaged her pressure hull. In June 1945 "I-202" was in Kure Naval yard for repairs to her pressure hull, and to replace her ruined batteries. When the work was nearly completed, an air raid warning was given and Captain Imai decided to sail immediately. "I-202" had reached the open sea when bombing of the base began, but as it was unable to dive it was hit on the aft deck by strafing aircraft.
"I-204" was sunk as result of the raid and it was decided to evacuate to Maizuru, Kyoto. A convoy of 35 small cargo vessels, some minesweepers, and five submarines including "I-202" and "I-201" left Kure at the end of June to run the Kanmon Straits by night. "I-202" made the dangerous passage surfaced, on battery power, with the entire crew except for essential personnel assembled on the top deck and forbidden to move.
"I-202"'s repairs were completed at Maizuru and she resumed training and embarked a load of torpedoes.
At the end of July the Staff of the Sixth Fleet held a conference at which Captain Imai was present. It was decided to sail to the Pacific Ocean in early August by way of Yokosuka. However, when Imai returned to Maizuru on 31 July 1945 the port was under heavy attack by carrier-based aircraft. Despite spending the raid submerged, "I-202" had suffered slight damage, its periscope being destroyed and some of its casing plates penetrated by splinters. This damage meant that the planned operation could not be conducted, and the submarine had to wait for a new periscope to arrive.
While "I-202" was waiting at Maizuru, the atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the Soviet Union declared war on Japan, while Maizuru was under constant threat of air attack.
On 15 August the war ended with the surrender of Japan but two days later "I-202" sailed with the "I-201", "I-121", "Ro-500" and one other submarine and deployed in a line off Vladivostok. The Sixth Fleet staff ordered them on several occasions to return to Maizuru, and on 22 August a staff officer flew in to Maizuru to stress the importance of the order. The submarines finally returned to Maizuru on 24 August after destroying their radios and other equipment, and in October sailed to Sasebo where they and their sister ship "I-203" were taken out of service on 30 November and handed over to the Occupation Forces.
Postwar.
"I-202" was scheduled to be delivered to Britain, but the USSR were also strongly interested in acquiring it, and it was eventually sunk by the US Navy off the Gotō Islands on 5 April 1946 to avoid trouble between Britain and the USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="19249527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249527" title="Mark Joseph (singer)">
Mark Joseph (singer)

Mark Joseph (born Mark Joseph Muzsnyai, 1981) is an English musician. He was educated at William Austin Junior School in Luton and Boroughbridge High School . He rose to fame in 2003 with his single, "Get Through", and has achieved four UK Top 40 hit singles.
Joseph released his debut single "Get Through" in February 2003, and it charted at #38 in the UK Singles Chart. His second single, "Fly" reached #28. Joseph's debut album, "Scream", did not register in the UK Albums Chart, but a further two singles were released, "Bringing Back Those Memories" (UK #34) and "Lady Lady" (UK #36).
He has appeared on "T4" and "Never Mind The Buzzcocks".
He also sang backing vocals on the recording of the Mod Aid 20 charity record "Whatcha Gonna Do About It", appearing on the recording with Ron Wood, PP Arnold, Ocean Colour Scene’s Steve Craddock, Reg Presley and Chris Farlowe.

</doc>
<doc id="19249538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249538" title="Tuomo Mannermaa">
Tuomo Mannermaa

Tuomo Mannermaa (b. 29 September 1937 Oulu, Finland) is professor emeritus of ecumenical theology at University of Helsinki. He is known especially for his theological criticism of the Leuenberg Concord and his research on the relationship between justification and theosis in the theology of Martin Luther. His initiating and furthering this research caused him to be regarded as the father of "The New Finnish Interpretation of Luther" or "the Finnish School of Tuomo Mannermaa".
Finnish School.
Mannermaa led the development of "The New Finnish Interpretation of Luther" that presents Luther's views on salvation in terms much closer to the Eastern Orthodox doctrine of theosis rather than established interpretations of German Luther scholarship. This research has recently been presented in English in an anthology of papers edited by Carl E. Braaten and Robert W. Jenson in a work entitled, "Union with Christ: The New Finnish Interpretation of Luther". Mannermaa states, "the external impulse for this new wave of Luther studies in Helsinki came surprisingly from outside the boundaries of Luther research. It came from the ecumenical dialogue between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church that was initiated by Archbishop Martti Simojoki at the beginning of the nineteen-seventies." 
The New Finnish Interpretation has been challenged because it downplays Luther's roots in key theological developments in Western Christendom, and it characterizes Luther's teaching on Justification as based on Jesus's righteousness which indwells the believer rather than Jesus's righteousness as imputed to the believer.

</doc>
<doc id="19249543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249543" title="Crime in the Maldives">
Crime in the Maldives

There is a low rate of crime in the Maldives. Incidents of theft on beaches or in hotels do occur. Although the crime rate in the nation is generally considered to be low, crime rates are increasing. Juvenile delinquency is a growing problem in the Maldives. According to the data available from the Ministry of Defence and National Security, there is an increase in petty crime in the country. In 1992, 169 cases of petty crime were reported while the number was 462 in 1996. The number of sentenced persons under the age of 19 also increased from 391 in 1988 to 512 in 1998. Fraud examiner Peter Lilley in his book "Dirty Dealing" writes that money laundering is not a significant problem in the Maldives.
Drug abuse is increasing in the country. The Maldives are situated in a location which is not too far from one of two major illicit opium producing centers in Asia - the Golden Triangle comprising Myanmar, Thailand and Laos. Many tourists visit the country from different parts of the world like Europe, the Middle East, South Asia and East Asia. These factors make the Maldives vulnerable as a point for illegal shipments of drugs meant for other nations. Abuse of illegally produced heroin is a visible problem in the Maldives along with other South Asian countries like Bangladesh, India, Nepal and Sri Lanka. The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) believes that drug trafficking in the Maldives is a side effect of the nation’s increased exposure to the outside world. Drug abuse is also associated with increasing incidents of theft and robbery.
Threat of terrorist attack is a matter of concern. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) of the Government of Australia advised travelers "to exercise caution" because of the high threat of terrorism. According to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO), "Attacks could be indiscriminate, including in places frequented by expatriates".
Rate of criminal homicide and assault in the Maldives declined by 30% between the years 1997-2002. Crime involving bribery and fraud also declined by 33% during this time. In the Corruption Perceptions Index 2007, the Maldives was ranked 84th out of 179 countries for corruption (least corrupt countries are at the top of the list). On a scale of 0 to 10, with 0 being the least and ten being most transparent, Transparency International rated the Maldives 3.3.

</doc>
<doc id="19249546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249546" title="Greatest Hits (Joe Cocker album)">
Greatest Hits (Joe Cocker album)

Greatest Hits is a European greatest hits album by British rock musician Joe Cocker, released in November 1998 (see 1998 in music). The album includes three previously unreleased tracks, including a live recording with Eros Ramazzotti.

</doc>
<doc id="19249576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249576" title="Iceman John Scully">
Iceman John Scully

'Iceman' John Scully (born July 28, 1967) is an American boxer. Formerly a world-ranked professional light heavyweight, he is now a boxing trainer and an analyst for the ESPN Classic television network.
Amateur career.
Scully graduated from Windsor (Connecticut) High School in 1985. He began boxing in 1982 and won numerous championships at middleweight (), including the 1987 Ohio State Fair (Columbus, Ohio), the 1987 National PAL (Jacksonville, Florida) and the 1988 Eastern U.S. Olympic Trials (Fayetteville, North Carolina).
Scully defeated World Amateur Champion Darin Allen to win the Eastern Trials, future heavyweight contender Melvin Foster to win the Ohio Fair, and nationally rated Kertis Mingo at the National PAL. 
Scully won Outstanding Boxer awards at both the 1987 Western Massachusetts Golden Gloves and the 1988 Eastern U.S. Olympic Trials tournaments.
In February 1988, the boxer was named to the All-Time team (in the middleweight spot), for the WM Golden Gloves in Holyoke, Massachusetts, joining fellow standouts Mike Tyson (heavyweight) and Marlon "Magic Man" Starling (honorable mention at welterweight). Scully won four straight WM Golden Gloves titles (1985–1988) and three consecutive New England Golden Gloves titles (1986–1988).
He defeated fellow future world-title challenger Joey DeGrandis to win the 1988 New England Golden Gloves championships.
Scully also advanced to the championship round of the National Golden Gloves tournament on two occasions, losing on a 3-2 split decision in 1987 at Knoxville (to Fabian Williams of Michigan) and a highly disputed 3-2 call in Omaha in 1988, to Keith Providence of New York City.
Scully also notably scored two decision victories en route to each of those national final appearances in 1987 and 1988 over hard punching future WBC #1 Middleweight contender Lamar "Kidfire" Parks of Greenville, South Carolina. 
The "Iceman" concluded his amateur career with a Bronze medal winning performance at the 1988 U.S. Olympic Trials in Concord, California, defeating # 3 ranked Joe Hill of Omaha in the quarter-finals before losing a 4-1 decision to World Champion Darin Allen of Columbus, Ohio in the semi-final rematch of their Eastern U.S. Olympic Trials final just one month earlier. 
Scully turned professional with a final amateur record of 57-13 (not including two junior olympic bouts at age 15 and two exhibition matches).
Professional career.
Scully turned professional in 1988 and finished his career in 2001 with a 38-11 record (21 knockouts). He fought for the International Boxing Federation world light heavyweight championship at Leipzig, Germany in 1996, losing a 12-round decision to unbeaten champion Henry Maske. On December 8, 1995, Scully fought two-time world champion Michael Nunn for the WBO NABO super middleweight title. Although ESPN commentators had the fight close, Nunn was awarded a unanimous win, including a curiously wide score on the card of judge Harold Gomes.
His victories include a unanimous ten-round decision over Art Baylis (On Prime TV Network), a ten-round decision over WBC International champion Billy Bridges at Harrah's in Atlantic City (on ESPN) and a second-round stoppage over former IBO world champion Willie Ball at Foxwoods Resort and Casino in Connecticut.
Scully also captured a November 1989 unanimous decision on USA's Tuesday Night Fights, over the former #1 nationally ranked amateur Alphonso Bailey of Kentucky. Scully-Bailey was the co-feature to Simon Brown's IBF title defense against Luis Santana.
On May 22, 1992 at Agawam, Massachusetts Scully captured a unanimous 12-round decision over Southern Boxing Association champion Melvin Wynn of Atlanta, Georgia in a fight contested for the World Boxing Federation Intercontinental Super Middleweight title.
Scully also frequently served as a sparring partner for some of the biggest names in the sport, including the highly regarded world champions Henry Maske, Mike McCallum, Vinny Pazienza, Roy Jones Jr. and James "Lights Out" Toney.
In November 2010, "Iceman" John Scully was inducted into the fifth class of the Connecticut Boxing Hall of Fame at the Mohegan Sun Resort and Casino in Connecticut.
Training career.
Scully trained several standout amateurs while pursuing his own boxing career, including 1997 National Junior Olympics Champion Sammy Vega, 1995 Ohio State Fair Champion Greg Cuyler, 1998 National PAL Champion Dwayne Hairston and 2000 U.S. Armed Forces Champion Orlando Cordova.
Since 2003, has been successful as a professional trainer, guiding four boxers to world championships (WIBF Lightweight Champion Liz Mueller, WBA Junior Middleweight Champion Jose Antonio Rivera, IBO Super Bantamweight Champion Mike Oliver and WBC Light heavyweight Champion "Bad" Chad Dawson).
The crowning moment may have been when he masterfully guided Rivera to the WBA Junior Middleweight Championship, with a clear points victory on Showtime over defending champion Alejandro "Terra" Garcia.
Scully has also had a hand in the professional training of notable boxers Israel "Pito" Cardona, Matt Godfrey, "Sucra" Ray Olivera, Scott "The Sandman" Pemberton, Lawrence Clay-Bey, Matt Remillard and George "Monk" Foreman III. 
He is considered an important part of the development of future WBC light heavyweight world champion "Bad" Chad Dawson. Scully first trained Dawson for three successful fights in 2004 and 2005 before unforeseen promotional problems caused Dawson to leave to train in Florida with Dan Birmingham.
Scully and Dawson, however, reunited as a team early in the summer of 2011. Scully later guided Dawson to the biggest win of his professional career on April 28, 2012 at the legendary Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The HBO televised matchup saw Dawson capture a 12 round decision to take the WBC Light heavyweight title from legendary champion Bernard "The Executioner" Hopkins. Notably, when Dawson seemingly began to mentally falter at the halfway point of the match, Scully masterfully kept the challenger steady, focused and on track between rounds. The exceptional cornerwork was properly noted by HBO's ringside broadcast team of Larry Merchant, Emanuel Steward and Jim Lampley.
Known for his insightful takes on the sport of boxing, especially his corner work between rounds of televised fights, Scully has written a highly praised boxing book entitled, ""The Iceman Diaries"" that details his life within the sport. He appears often on ESPN Classic, working alongside Joe Tessitore, as a ringside analyst for that network's ESPN Classic Boxing Series.
A frequent and widely acclaimed columnist for Britain's "Boxing News" magazine, Scully has also been featured several times on ESPN News, before and after major fights, previewing and analyzing the action, including Pay-Per-View battles between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Shane Mosley, and Manny Pacquiao and Miguel Cotto.

</doc>
<doc id="19249610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249610" title="Bangladesh Amateur Radio League">
Bangladesh Amateur Radio League

The Bangladesh Amateur Radio League (BARL) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Bangladesh. BARL is the national member society representing Bangladesh in the International Amateur Radio Union, which it joined in 1982.
History.
Amateur radio activities in East Pakistan were suspended during the war with India in 1965, and the ban on amateur radio activities remained in effect after Bangladesh achieved independence from Pakistan in 1971. The Bangladesh Amateur Radio League was founded on May 20, 1979 by radio enthusiasts and immediately began lobbying the government for approval of amateur radio operation in the country. Efforts to legalize amateur radio in Bangladesh would not succeed until 1991, when a new democratically elected government faced a telecommunications emergency during a major cyclone. Persuaded of the value amateur radio could offer Bangladesh society, amateur radio was legalized in the country, with many restrictions, on August 29, 1991. Amateur radio license examinations and license grants were suspended by the government in 2004. Representatives of the Bangladesh Amateur Radio League lobbied the Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission to reinstate the examinations and licensing process, which was resumed on August 13, 2008.
Governance.
The 2008 Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Bangladesh Amateur Radio League took place on November 28, 2008 at a renowned five star hotel in Tejgaon Thana. Almost all of the members were present at the meeting, which concluded with elections of a new executive committee for 2009 and 2010. Anwar Islam (S21L) was elected President, Saiful Huda (S21SH) and Dr. Zahidul Haque (S21VA) were elected Vice Presidents, Belayet Hossain Robin (S21RB) was elected General-Secretary, Rubyat Hasan Khan Ratul (S21RA) was elected Assistant Secretary, and Liaquat Ali Mollah (S21V) was elected Treasurer. Members at Large include Sumon Ahmed Sabir (S21SD), Mohammad Alam (S21AK), and Tanvir Ahmed (S21TA).

</doc>
<doc id="19249629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249629" title="David James (rugby born 1866)">
David James (rugby born 1866)

David James (c.1866 - 2 January 1929) was a Welsh international rugby union half back who played club rugby for Swansea. While playing with Swansea, James was paired with his brother, Evan James and together they were nicknamed the 'Swansea gems' and the 'Curly haired marmasets'.
Rugby career.
James was first capped for his country on 7 March 1891, against Ireland at Stradey Park. James turned out for Wales alongside his brother to keep their Swansea partnership together and in the match against Scotland a year later, were one of three pairs of brothers on the pitch; the others being the Orr's and Nielson's for Scotland. James would also play against Ireland in 1892, but his fourth and final cap took another seven years when he turned out against England in 1899.
In 1892, James and his brother supposedly turned out for professional rugby league team Broughton Rangers, after which the Rugby Football Union banned them both from rugby union. In 1896, an appeal from Swansea and Wales was successful and the brothers were reinstated. On January 28, three weeks after their final cap, David and Evan actually joined Broughton Rangers, and severed their links with rugby union.
"International matches played"

</doc>
<doc id="19249676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249676" title="Torpid (album)">
Torpid (album)

Torpid is an album by the Canadian comedy music group, The Arrogant Worms. "Torpid" was the twelfth album for the band and was released on September 30, 2008.
"Torpid" was recorded in the year 2008 during three shows at the Kingston Brewing Company. All three shows were fundraisers for the Music Instrument Lending Library, which lets Kingston residents borrow musical instruments for free.

</doc>
<doc id="19249697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249697" title="The Merchant of Venice (disambiguation)">
The Merchant of Venice (disambiguation)

The Merchant of Venice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19249712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249712" title="Kunnas">
Kunnas

Kunnas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19249713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249713" title="Battle of Ban Houei Sane">
Battle of Ban Houei Sane

The Battle of Ban Houei Sane was a battle of the Vietnam War that began on the night of 23 January 1968, when the 24th Regiment of the North Vietnamese 304th Division overran the small Laotian Army outpost at Ban Houei Sane. The fighting at Ban Houei Sane was one in a series of battles fought between Communist and Allied forces during the Tet Offensive. The small outpost, defended by the personnel of the 33rd Elephant Battalion (BV-33), was attacked and overwhelmed by the vastly superior North Vietnamese Army and their PT-76 light tanks. The failure of the 33rd Elephant Battalion to defend their outpost at Ban Houei Sane would have negative consequences only a few weeks later, when the North Vietnamese would strike again at Lang Vei. 
Background.
During the First Indochina War the Viet Minh constructed a pathway in neighbouring Laos in order to transport vital military supplies to southern Vietnam. Over time that pathway, now known as the Ho Chi Minh Trail, grew in importance as the government of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam sought to topple the rival government in the south, the Republic of Vietnam.
In the late 1950s, the Ho Chi Minh Trail was expanded to support the Viet Cong (VC)'s increasing military activities in southern Vietnam. To protect this vital lifeline, North Vietnamese forces were deployed to take control of various areas in eastern Laos adjacent to the Demilitarized Zone. The increasing Communist activities in those parts of Laos did not go unnoticed, as the governments of South Vietnam and Laos began working together to establish a small outpost at Ban Houei Sane for the purpose of monitoring Communist movements in 1959.
In April 1961, the newly created 33rd Elephant Battalion (BV-33) of the Royal Laotian Army arrived at Ban Houei Sane, after it was forced to retreat from Tchephone by North Vietnamese and Pathet Lao forces. At Ban Houei Sane, the Laotians constructed new defensive positions with assistance from the Army of the Republic of Vietnam's 1st Infantry Division. One year later, BV-33 began monitoring North Vietnamese movements along the Vietnam-Laotian border.
Battle.
By the mid-1960s, when U.S military forces increased their presence in South Vietnam, the Laotian units at Ban Houei Sane also detected increasing North Vietnamese movements along the Ho Chi Minh Trail. And towards the end of December 1967 six thousand trucks carrying supplies for Communist forces in southern Vietnam were detected moving down the Trail. That tremendous build-up came as a result of North Vietnam's decision to launch an all-out attack on Allied forces during the Tet celebrations.
In order to lure American combat units away from the major cities the North Vietnamese High Command decided to launch the first strike; on 21 January 1968, regular units of the North Vietnamese Army began their attacks on the Khe Sanh Combat Base, where six thousand U.S Marines were stationed. As part of that major effort, General Tran Quy Hai made the decision to knock out the small outpost of Ban Houei Sane once and for all, as the Royal Laotian Army's 33rd Elephant Battalion were considered an important tool in the Allies' intelligence gathering effort.
On the night of 23 January 1968, the North Vietnamese 24th Regiment struck the defenders of Ban Houei Sane from three directions. Initially the North Vietnamese assault was spearheaded by the 3/24 Battalion with the 198th Armoured Battalion in support, but the first assault wave was delayed for various reasons. Firstly North Vietnamese infantry and armoured corps lacked the experience in combined operations, secondly the local terrain posed many difficulties for North Vietnamese tank crews, causing the PT-76 light tanks to bog down attempting to cross a stream. By 06:00 Colonel Lê Công Phê ordered his troops to advance on Ban Houei Sane despite the delays of the 198th Armoured Battalion. As North Vietnamese units moved towards the Laotian outpost, the PT-76's of the 198th Battalion turned up causing much confusion.
On the day the North Vietnamese launched their attacks, the weather was poor for aerial operations. As North Vietnamese engineers blew up Laotian obstacles there was little that U.S Forward Air Controllers could do to stop the North Vietnamese advance as ground targets could not be identified. After three hours of fighting the Laotian commander, Lieutenant Colonel Soulang Phetsampou, informed the U.S Forward Air Controllers that all Laotian positions had been overwhelmed and that they would abandon the outpost. At that point, the Laotian commander requested assistance from the CIDG camp at Lang Vei, to help evacuate his soldiers and their families. However assistance from Lang Vei would never arrive, so the soldiers of BV-33 and more than two thousand civilian refugees made their way eastward along Route 9, approaching the South Vietnamese border. On 24 January, the survivors of the Ban Houei Sane battle and their families had crossed the South Vietnamese border, reaching the Lang Vei CIDG camp. Initially the military personnel at Lang Vei treated the Laotian refugees with caution, but they were finally given assistance when the Lang Vei camp commander allowed the Laotians to take up positions in the nearby Lang Vei village.
The next target.
For Captain Frank C. Willoughby, commander of the Lang Vei CIDG camp, the arrival of the Laotian refugees also brought some disturbing development on the battlefield. For the first time the North Vietnamese deployed tanks in battle, and it was only fifteen kilometres away from Lang Vei. Fearing a repeat of the deadly North Vietnamese attacks, BV-33 soldiers were allowed to assist local forces by conducting patrols around the CIDG camp. As the Laotians settled down in Lang Vei, the U.S Air Force conducted airstrikes targeting the Ban Houei Sane airfield to prevent the North Vietnamese from utilising the airfield for operations against Khe Sanh. On 30 January, Captain Willoughby's fears were confirmed when a North Vietnamese soldier defected to the special forces at Lang Vei, and informed them of the whereabouts of the North Vietnamese 304th Division. On 6 February 1968, the North Vietnamese struck Lang Vei.

</doc>
<doc id="19249735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249735" title="List of El Chavo characters">
List of El Chavo characters

"El Chavo del Ocho" is a Mexican television sitcom created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños. The show began in 1972 as a set of sketches on the show "Chespirito", but received its own show the next year. It ran from 1973 until it was canceled in 1979. After that, the show returned to its original form, as sketches within "Chespirito", from 1980 to 1992.
The show follows the life and tribulations of the title character, a poor orphan child (played by Gómez Bolaños) that lives on a Mexican housing complex, typically called a "vecindad". He is accompanied by a cast of neighbors, children, and other characters.
Main characters.
El Chavo.
El Chavo del Ocho is an eight-year-old orphan and the main character of the series. "Chavo" is a Mexican Spanish slang for "kid"; Chavo's real name is not known, but in some episodes he calls himself "Chente", short for "Vicente", after a friend who died in the orphan home in which he was abandoned. Generally Chavo is enthusiastic, creative and good-natured, but on the other hand he is also rather naïve and very gullible. He is not particularly bright (which Roberto Gómez Bolaños insinuated on the launch of the animated series may be consequence of poor nutrition) and is remarkably clumsy, often hitting Quico, Don Ramón and Señor Barriga with balls, shoes, hammers, bricks, chairs and other objects. Chavo arrived at the neighborhood at the age of four and apparently lived in apartment #8 with an elderly woman (who is never seen, but mentioned in the novel "El diario de El Chavo del 8"). After her death, Chavo spends most of his time inside an abandoned barrel that he calls his "secret hideout". He has a craving for ham tortas, a popular kind of sandwich in Mexico. He has a crush on Paty, along with Quico (which is their first fight over their crush, although she kisses Chavo in the animated series). Despite being a hungry 8-year-old child, he seems to have an incredible physical strength, since that his punches are able to stun or even topple a full-grown man, mostly Don Ramón.
In the English dub version of the series, he is voiced by Mona Marshall. Unlike from the original series and the Spanish version of the animated series, instead of being called "Chente" or "Chavito", he is called ""Chavorino"" by his friends sometimes. Also, the "El" part of his name was officially removed from his character's bios in the animated series, possibly to keep in with the show's English production on Americanizing the series. Also, instead of ham tortas, he has a craving for ham sandwiches, although the Christmas specials states that he also has cravings for jelly sandwiches for a mysterious reason, but those jelly sandwiches are actually ham tortas (ham sandwiches) in the original Spanish version dubbed as jelly sandwiches in the English version. Also, his friend "Vicente" (or Chente) is renamed as Chova (switching the A and the O around).
In Brazil, his name was changed to Chaves.
La Chilindrina.
La Chilindrina is the daughter of Don Ramón. "Precocious" is probably the best way to describe Don Ramón's intelligent and mischievous daughter, who likes to take advantage of her slow-witted friends to play pranks on them and take their toys or snacks. She wears thick-framed glasses, after a few years her wardrobe consisted of a short green-pattern dress and a red sweater that was always twisted on the back. She has freckles and two ponytails that are always uneven, one significantly higher than the other one, just like her socks. "Chilindrina" is the name of a typical Mexican bun, with chocolate sparkles on top, reminiscent of the character's freckles. In early episodes, La Chilindrina has longer ponytails which are cut by El Chavo. In most episodes, she is seen to have a crush on Chavo, and can be jealous when he's seen by Paty.
La Chilindrina was cut from the El Chavo animated series due to disputes with Roberto Gomez Bolaños (creator of all El Chavo characters) and Maria Antonieta de las Nieves (Chilindrina's portrayer) about who owns the rights to the character and if the character's allowed to be used publicly outside of El Chavo. As of 2012, it hasen't been resolved and she was replaced by Popis (Phoebe) in the English version.
In Brazil, her name was changed to Chiquinha.
Quico.
Federico Matalascayando Corcuera, known as Quico, is a spoiled, overprotected 9-year-old boy, son of Doña Florinda and a late naval captain (also named Frederico) who reportedly died when his vessel was attacked and eaten by a white shark. Arrogant, manipulative, and envious, Quico always wants to draw everyone's attention to himself, either by screaming loudly or by showing off his newest toy. Also because of this, he usually gets El Chavo in trouble when he does something wrong, especially to Don Ramón, after which Don Ramón hits El Chavo angrily on the head. Partially due to his mother's influence (and former wealth and status as the wife of a naval officer), he believes that he and his mother are superior to everyone else in the neighborhood. However, he still finds time to play with -- as he and his mother call them -- "chusma" ("riffraff"), namely Chavo, Chilindrina, and Don Ramón. However, Quico has proved many times to be Chavo's best friend -- often assisting him in Chavo's mischievous acts. They are mostly seen playing together in the front yard. Moreover, Quico is a good kid deep inside, even though there are several occasions in which he acts self-centered. Quico is also noticeable for his black sailor "dress blue" top (probably a memento from his father), his rainbow patterned beanie cap, his enormous cheeks, and his minuscule intelligence, often responding to the Spanish words for idiot, stupid, dummy, etc. (he even displays delight about being called such things, oblivious to the fact that all these words are insults). Despite his stupidity, Quico displays more deceptive abilities and common sense than Chavo, and is the most likely to break the fourth wall (especially regarding that four of his quotes do this so). In 1979, when Carlos Villagran quit the show, Quico is said (in the episode named "Vámonos al Cinema?") to have gone off to live with his rich godmother, reportedly "unable to stand the riffraff anymore." No one in the show ever talked about him afterwards, or said anything about his absence, as if he had never existed. Villagran's character, Quico, starred in a rather short-lived spin-off series, "Ay, Que Quico!" in the late 1980s, which attempted to revive the series using a "Hip-hop" twist and give Villagran's character a slight wardrobe make-over.
In the English dub version of the animated series, he is voiced by Doug Erholtz. Instead of being called "Tesoro" (treasure/darling), he is called "Muffin".
Don Ramón.
Don Ramón is an unemployed widower with a very lanky, nearly-emaciated build. His greatest aspiration seems to be living an uncomplicated life, but in the "vecindad", this seems impossible. He is constantly hounded for the rent which he has neglected to pay for fourteen months (a figure that seems to be static since Señor Barriga forgives several months off of his rent in several episodes) - however, in one episode, he did pay at least one month of rent while on the verge of eviction from Señor Barriga. His daughter (Chilindrina) is a perennial headache and his neighbor Doña Florinda's response to any imposition on her lifestyle is a loud slap on his face. Although rather high-strung and quick-tempered, Don Ramón manages to keep a fairly upbeat attitude and to (just barely) make a living doing odd jobs. He's also a fan of all sports and pretends to be knowledgeable in them (having demonstrated boxing, bowling, American football, baseball and even bullfighting - with a dummy bull - to the kids), but due to the kids' own shortcomings, he always comes up short. Chavo often mispronounces his name as "Ron Damón", that is a common way of spelling by children. One quote popularized by himself is "There is no bad work, the downside is having to work". He is a fan of Club Necaxa, which in the day was generally known as a perennial mid-table also-ran, per Don Ramón's quote "Yo le voy al Necaxa", meaning that he neither wished glory nor suffering. His personality of always been a good-hearted and (not always) noble man, made Don Ramón one of the most cherished characters in the history of the show.
In Brazil he is known as Seu Madruga and is considered to be the most popular character, with some of his quotes used under many circumstances, not only the funny ones.
In the English dub version of the animated series, he was known as Mr. Raymond or nicknamed Rister Maymond by El Chavo and was, like Quico, voiced by Doug Erholtz. To keep with the production of the animated series as Chilindrina was not included in the final production, Ramon/Raymond never mentions any spouses nor rooting for Necaxa.
Doña Florinda.
Florinda Corcuera y Villalpando de Matalascayando, commonly referred to as Doña Florinda, is the mother of Quico and love interest of Professor Jirafales. She is a widow; her late husband, after which Quico was named, was a naval officer who died at sea and is often said by Quico that he "descansa en pez" (a pun on "rest in peace", literally meaning "rests in fish", indicating that he was swallowed by a shark). Her full name is Florinda Corcuera y Villalpando, viuda de (widow of) La Regueira. Doña Florinda has deluded herself into believing she's socially, morally and economically superior to her neighbors (and it is suggested that at one time she was well-off), and while not misanthropic or bully-like, she tends to give orders to the others, such as putting signs that ban animals and infants from the "vecindad" (much to Barriga's chagrin, because she does it without his authorization). She is so fiercely protective of Quico that whenever he is upset, she'll beat up Don Ramón without seeking explanation. In fact, a recurring gag in the series is that she unfairly accuses him of "attacking" Quico and goes to slap him, even when he is not present in the scene. When Villagran left the show - thus concluding Quico's presence in the vecindad - she slaps Don Ramón still, but less often. This is due to Don Ramón laughing loudly whenever a rude comment is directed towards her (mostly coming from El Chavo). She likes cleanliness and order and also likes to cook and for that reason becomes famous among her neighbours and one time she accepted a partnership selling churros (a type of pastry in Mexico) with Don Ramón. She is easily recognized by the fact that she always keeps her hair in curlers (except in some early episodes), even at work or on vacation in Acapulco. In later episodes, she opens a restaurant called "Restaurante Doña Florinda". Derisively, the kids call her "Vieja Chancluda" ("vieja" being "old lady", and "chancluda" as someone who uses "chanclas", sandals).
In the English dubbed version of the animated series, she is known as Mrs. Worthmore (a pun on worth more) and voiced by Kate Higgins. Her restaurant was renamed "Mrs. Worthmore's Cafe" as well. In Brazil, her name was translated to Dona Florinda.
Profesor Jirafales.
Profesor Inocencio Jirafales is the school teacher. Highly educated but naïve, although he carries on a ludicrously innocent relationship with Doña Florinda and patiently teaches his way above the heads of his students. He is a teacher with lots of patience and professionally ethical. When angered, he shouts "Ta-ta-ta-taaaaa-TAH!!!". His last name is a reference to the very tall Aguirre, who stands at a height of 1.98 m or 6 ft 6 in ("jirafa" is Spanish for giraffe; the closest English equivalent would be Giraffald). The children (and sometimes adults, most notably Don Ramón) refer to him as "Maistro Longaniza" (being "maistro" a mispronounced form of "maestro", an alternative for "professor", both meaning "teacher", and "longaniza" a long kind of sausage). Although he appears throughout all the series (almost 20 years) having a romance with Dona Florinda, by the time it finished, neither one suggested the possibility of going beyond that idillic relation - there's an in-joke among the series production that statizes his full name to be "Inocencio Jirafales", being "Inocencio" both a real-life name in Spanish and Portuguese-speaking countries and a play on "innocence", thus adding to the "innocently" way he treats his relationship towards Doña Florinda. Even though he claims to have a strong hatered of violence, Jirafales is more than willing to beat up Don Ramón if he does something stupid or that leaves him outraged (in the episode in which Don Ramón teaches El Chavo some basic boxing classes and even lends his boxing gloves to the kid, Jirafales has beaten him so violently that even Doña Florinda displayed disgust over it).
In the English dub version of the animated series, he is known as Professor Girafalde (a pun on the word giraffe) or nicknamed Professor Sausage (Maistro Longaniza) or Professor Firehose (in the Fireman episode) by El Chavo (sometimes called "Professor Girafalges" by non-marketing teams) and is voiced by Bob Buchholz. In Brazil his name is written on a few occasions Professor Girafales.
Doña Cleotilde.
Doña Cleotilde, sometimes referred to as "La bruja del 71", is a retired woman who chases after Don Ramón. Because she is old and somewhat eccentric, the kids think she is a witch, and refer to her as "The Old Witch of (Apartment) 71". Some of the adults also refer to her like that, often by mistake, due to the kids frequently calling her a "witch". She refers to herself as "señorita" (Miss) because she has never been married, which also she gets upset by when called "señora" (Mrs.), meaning that she is a married woman. She is a single woman, thirsty for love, and frequently seeks it with Don Ramón, who is a widower. Because she never wants people to know her accurate age, she is always saying the number of candles (40 candles) she had to use in her "last" birthday's cake (she never says to have more than 49) - even with that people never believe her, mostly because she also acts like a senior woman. She has always been in love with Don Ramón, her neighbor. But he is not interested in her, so Doña Cleotilde tries and does everything she can to conquer him like bringing him food from the store, buying him medicine when he can't sleep, baking cakes for him, or lending him luggage. In fact, all the times that Don Ramón is "interested" in her is when she faints in the middle of the yard and was going to bring him something from the store or just when being polite with her is his only choice. When Ramon Valdes left the show, her affections turned towards Jaimito, el cartero. She is always dressed with a blue or pink hat (50's style) with "leaves", blue gown, and black shoes. In the beginning of the series she had also a black sweater. Regarding to her income, the source is unknown. Some might suggest she receives a pension, or maybe gets her money out of an inheritance. Otherwise, it would be impossible for her to pay the rent for Señor Barriga, pay her expenses and buy all the things she gives to Don Ramón.
In the English dub version of the animated series, she was renamed Miss Pinster (a pun on the word spinster) or nicknamed The Witch of 71 by the children and is voiced by Mona Marshall, like El Chavo. In Brazil her name was changed to Dona Clotilde or Bruxa do 71.
Señor Barriga.
Zenón Barriga y Pesado is the landlord of the "vecindad". Bolaños states that Señor Barriga prefers going personally to receive the residents's rents in order to save up his own time or a rent collector's salary. He rarely succeeds in collecting rent from Don Ramón and is greeted upon his every arrival by being (accidentally) kicked, tripped, beaten, or hit by a flying object thrown by El Chavo. His last name is a reference to his obesity ("barriga" is both Spanish and Portuguese for "belly", but the surname actually exists). In two episodes throughout the series (the first when Don Ramón buys a bowling ball while working as a buyer/salesman of home antiques; the second when Doña Florinda first sets up a restaurant) his full name is revealed to be "Zenón Barriga y Pesado" (literally "Zenón Belly and Heavy", but Pesado is a real surname too), being "Zenón" a pun on "Cenón" ("dining man" or "big dinner"). He is also well known because of his patience with Don Ramón and his unpunctual rent payments and all the kids' (mostly Chavo's) misbehavior like punching him or nicknaming him (always making fun of his body).
In one episode, he follows through on his eviction threat to Don Ramón, but it is while he is packing his belongings, Chavo and Quico come across an old scrapbook with pictures of Don Ramón as a boxer in his younger years. Barriga is overcome with emotion; as it turns out, he was heavily in debt and was about to go to jail when he desperately bet "against" Don Ramón in a boxing match--and wins back enough money to clear his debts.
Even though he is the victim of Chavo's various pratfalls, he cares very deeply about him, even offering to take him to Acapulco instead of his son Ňoño, who is off on a camping trip with the Boy Scouts.
In the English dub version of the series, he is renamed Mr. Beliarge (pun on the word belly and large) and is voiced by Dave Mallow. In Brazil, his name translates to Seu Barriga.

</doc>
<doc id="19249767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249767" title="Hip hip hooray">
Hip hip hooray

Hip hip hooray (also hippity hip hooray; "Hooray" may also be spelled and pronounced hoorah, hurrah, hurray etc.) is a cheering called out to express praise or approbation toward someone or something, in the English speaking world and elsewhere. 
By a sole speaker, it is a form of interjection. In a group, it takes the form of call and response: the cheer is initiated by one person exclaiming "Three cheers for...or something" (or, more archaically, "Three times three"), then calling out "hip hip" (archaically, "hip hip hip") three times, each time being responded by "hooray".
History.
The call was recorded in England in the beginning of the 19th century in connection with making a toast. 
It has been suggested that the word "hip" stems from a medieval Latin acronym, ""Hierosolyma Est Perdita"", meaning "Jerusalem is lost", a term that gained notoriety in the German Hep hep riots. English usage predates the riots, for example Thomas Moore wrote in his "Memoirs" that "they hipped and hurraed me" in 1818, a year before the riots, and "The life of Pill Garlick" (1813) likewise has a crowd toasting to the hero's health "with . . . hip! hip! hip! and a hoorra!".
Another claim is that the Europeans picked up the Mongol exclamation "hooray" as an enthusiastic cry of bravado and mutual encouragement, according to Jack Weatherford's book "Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World".

</doc>
<doc id="19249771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249771" title="Andrew Watson (bishop)">
Andrew Watson (bishop)

Andrew John Watson (born 16 July 1961) is the Bishop of Aston.
Watson was educated at Winchester College and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. He was ordained in 1987 after theological studies at Ridley Hall, Cambridge. His first positions were curacies at St Peter's Ipsley in the Diocese of Worcester (1987–1991) and Ss John and Peter's Notting Hill in the Diocese of London (1991–1996), after which he was Vicar of St Stephen's East Twickenham, from which three new churches were planted. He was also the Area Dean of Hampton from 2003 until becoming a bishop.
Watson is married to Beverly, herself ordained in St Paul's Cathedral (c. 2008). They have four children: Hannah, Samuel, Joseph and Lydia. He is the author of "The Fourfold Leadership of Jesus", "Confidence in the Living God" (2009), and "The Way of the Desert" (2011). He regularly speaks on the themes of Church Growth and Renewal in the UK, Norway and Sweden. He is on the board of the Queens Foundation, Birmingham and the Archbishops' College of Evangelists and chairs the CPAS Trustees and the Panel for World Mission and the Anglican Communion.

</doc>
<doc id="19249775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249775" title="Westchester Medical Center">
Westchester Medical Center

Westchester Medical Center University Hospital (WMC) is a 635-bed Level I Trauma Center providing health services to residents of the Hudson Valley, northern New Jersey, and southern Connecticut. It is known for having the highest case mix index of all hospitals in the United States.
Westchester Medical Center is the primary academic medical center and University Hospital of New York Medical College (NY MED). Many of New York Medical College’s faculty provide patient care, teach, and conduct research at WMC’s adjacent campus. WMC also offers roadside-to-bedside seminars to healthcare professionals and first responders throughout the year, providing them with information on topics like stroke treatments, transporting critical patients or organ transplants. WMC provides diverse specialty services through its six "Centers of Excellence", hosts one of the leading Kidney and Liver transplant programs in New York, and is home to Maria Fareri Children’s Hospital, the only all-specialty children's hospital in the region.
Westchester Medical Center is accredited by the Joint Commission, the national organization committed to improving the safety and quality of care at hospitals and health care organizations through voluntary participation.
History.
Originally purchased in 1915, the site which would eventually become Westchester Medical Center was first used as a United States Army Hospital during World War I. In 1920, the Army turned the hospital over to the Westchester County Government who them renamed it Grasslands Hospital. In the 1920s and 1930s, Grasslands Hospital specialized in treating adults and children with Tuberculosis, Polio, Scarlet Fever, and Diphtheria but later became known for its cardiovascular services and became one of the first public institutions to establish a Renal Dialysis Unit. Grasslands Hospital was closed in 1977 to make way for its modern cousin, the newly built regional academic medical center known as Westchester Medical Center. In 1998, WMC became an independent institution after breaking away from the county government. As a public benefit corporation, WMC continues to treat anyone in need of advanced medical care, regardless of their ability to pay.
Clinical and speciality services.
Westchester Medical Center is one of the most comprehensive hospitals in the New York State region. With more than 900 physicians practicing a wide range of specialties from Cardiology to Trauma, WMC is providing medical care to all patients through its six "Centers of
Excellence":
Quick facts.
Westchester Medical Center is home to the region’s largest biomedical research site and only:
MRI patient death.
In July 2001, 6-year-old Michael Colombini was undergoing a routine MRI scan when an oxygen tank (that it was thought to be made of aluminum, actually it was made of steel) was improperly brought into the MRI room. The extremely large magnetic field of the MRI machine pulled the ferrous metal tank into the machine's core with great speed and force, killing the boy.
Transportation.
Bus Service within Westchester Medical Center is provided by Bee-Line, Orange Westchester Link (By Coach USA) and The Leprechaun Connection (TLC).
Bee-Line Route 1C, 1X, 14, 15, 40, 41 and 43X all stop within the Medical Center. 

</doc>
<doc id="19249787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249787" title="Accion USA">
Accion USA

Accion East (formerly Accion USA) is an American microfinance organization headquartered in New York, NY.
About.
Accion East offers microloans and other financial services to low- and moderate-income entrepreneurs in the United States who are unable to access bank credit for their small businesses. Services offered include a small business loan program, a "Credit Builder" loan program, and a financial literacy program offered in several languages. 
Accion East is an affiliate of Accion International, a U.S.-based nonprofit organization operating globally, with the mission of giving people the financial tools they need to work their way out of poverty. The domestic Accion programs started in Brooklyn, NY in 1991, and grew from there to include low-income communities in Chicago, New Mexico, San Diego, and Texas. Including Accion East and Online’s offices in New York, Boston, and Miami, the U.S. Accion Network is the largest of its kind in the United States, having disbursed over $210 million in small business loans to more than 20,000 entrepreneurs.
Operational statistics.
During the sixteen years of its work in the U.S. Accion has loaned out approximately $210 million to over 20,000 micro-entrepreneurs. The historical average loan size claimed by Accion East and Online is $5,300. Cumulative loss rates are claimed to have been 7%. 
A three-year study of 849 borrowers reveals that after just two small business loans over 17 months, U.S. Accion Network clients increased their:
• take-home income by 38 percent, or an average of $455 per month
• average monthly profits by 47 percent
• business equity by 42 percent
Awards and acknowledgements.
• In 1998, the U.S. Accion Network received the Presidential Award for Excellence in Microenterprise Development for Program Innovation.
• In 2001, Accion was chosen as one of America’s 100 best charities by Worth Magazine.
• In 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007 Accion received Fast Company's Social Capitalist Award for “changing the world by using entrepreneurial genius to solve some of the most daunting social problems.”
Related ventures.
Accion International created Accion USA as a not-for-profit subsidiary to oversee and implement all its lending activities in the United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="19249798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249798" title="1959–60 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1959–60 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1959–60 campaign was Town's best season following their relegation from Division 1 4 years earlier. The main points of the season were the resignation of Bill Shankly, who would then lead Liverpool to greatness in his years in charge. Their FA Cup win over West Ham United in the third round replay at Upton Park, which would inadvertently lead to the departure of Denis Law to Manchester City for a record-breaking fee of £55,000.
Review.
Bill Shankly made good progress with Town at the start of the season, leading them to 5 wins in their first 7 league games. A dreadful run of only 1 win in 10 games saw Town slide down the table and then on 1 December, Shankly resigned to take charge of league rivals Liverpool, ironically Shankly's last match in charge of Town was against the Anfield outfit. Ex-Town player Eddie Boot toom charge of Town for the rest of the season. He would lead Town on a charge up the table mainly consisting of alternating wins and losses. However, Town's form would lead them to a finish of 6th place, their best finish since relegation 4 years earlier.
Another main highlight of the season was the astonishing win over West Ham United in the FA Cup third round replay at Upton Park with a score of 5 goals to 1. This win showcased the amazing talents of Denis Law, who within 2 months broke the transfer record for a British player after transferring to Manchester City for £55,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19249800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249800" title="Tommy's War">
Tommy's War

"Tommy's War: A First World War Diary 1913–1918" is a diary written by Thomas Cairns Livingstone. 
Written by Cairns Livingstone, a mercantile book keeper, the diaries cover a period from 1913 to 1933, began shortly after he, his wife Agnes and their son "Wee Tommy" moved to the Govanhill area of Glasgow in 1913.
The diaries remained largely unknown for much of the 20th century. The diary was passed on to his son and after his death in 1995 eventually turned up at an auction in Northumberland in 2005.
The diaries were bought by an amateur historian, Shaun Sewell for £300. Two years later the BBC television programme "The Antiques Roadshow" visited Alnwick Castle in Northumberland and Sewell who was only in the area for a cricket match took the diaries along. They were featured on the programme and alerted the interest of 12 publishers. The publisher Harper Collins won an auction for the rights and the first volume, covering the period 1913 to 1918 was published in September 2008, with a foreword by the broadcaster and historian Andrew Marr.
The diaries cover the day-to-day lives of his working-class family in Glasgow, their trials and tribulations. He also records the minutiae and privations of their everyday life and the city of Glasgow. He also writes about his thoughts on the news of the day and the way they were affected by World War I. The diaries are written in a copperplate script, with some passages in Latin and French, illustrated with his own idiosyncratic drawings. 
The paperback was released on Thursday 28 May 2009.
In 2010 a sequel was released called "Tommy's Peace : A family diary 1919–1933" written by Livingstone, covering an everyday life in the inter-war period.

</doc>
<doc id="19249807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249807" title="Michael Adlerstein">
Michael Adlerstein

Michael Adlerstein is Assistant Secretary General of the United Nations and Executive Director of the United Nations Capital Master Plan, a five-year program to restore and renovate the historic United Nations Headquarters in New York, NY. He was appointed to the position by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in July 2007.
Adlerstein obtained his architectural degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and was a Loeb Fellow at Harvard University’s Graduate School of Design.
He has experience in restoration of historical sites. Before joining the United Nations, he was the Vice-President and Chief Architect at the New York Botanical Garden, where he headed a multi-year restoration and design initiative. He previously served in positions throughout the National Park Service. In this capacity, he was in charge of the planning, design and construction program for the north-east region, including partnership projects at Gettysburg, Valley Forge, Acadia and Jamestown.
In the 1980', he served as Project Director for the restoration of Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty, the United States Department of the Interior’s most ambitious historic restoration project. In this position, he managed and led the team of architects and engineers to plan, design, and construct the Ellis Island. The success of the project led to his promotion as Chief Historical Architect. He was recognized as the national expert in the field of historic preservation.
He served as a Peace Corps Volunteer in Colombia, and has worked as a State Department consultant on preservation issues on projects, including the preservation of the Taj Mahal.
He has won awards for his achievements and was made a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.

</doc>
<doc id="19249808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249808" title="Eset Kotibaruli">
Eset Kotibaruli

Batyr Eset Kotibaruli () (1803—1889) — Leader of the wars against Khiva and Kokand Kingdoms, the head of anti-colonial uprising, the leader of the national liberation movement of Kazakhs.
Origin.
Eset batyr is originally from Shekty-Kabak subdivision of Alimuli tribe of the Lesser Horde. This tribe had nomadic style of life on the territory of modern Aktobe Province of Kazakhstan and Orenburg province of the Russian Federation, as well as between the Ural(Zhaik) and Volga rivers. Eset Batyr was born in 1803 near the Lake Shalkar in Kazakhstan in the family of famous judge and leader Kotibar.
Anti-Khiva uprising.
Kazakhs of Lesser Horde constantly conflicted with Khiva troops due to aggressive attacks into the territory of the Kazakh Steppe by the Khiva Kingdom. Eset Batyr led a large army of Kazakhs and defeated the aggression of Khiva. Eset Batyr also successfully defended his ancestral lands against Kokand Khanate's aggression.
Anti-Colonial Uprising.
In 1847–1858 years Eset batyr led a revolt of Kazakhs against the Russian administration. Tsar's administration sent two Cossack detachments and 200 Kazakhs controlled by Sultan Taukin and Major Mikhailov from the Ural division. Also, 600 Kazakhs were sent under the leadership of Elekey Kasymov by the Tsar administration. Eset batyr sent 800 people against Russian troops who were destroyed by people of Eset Batyr. In 1854–1858 years, there was uprising of Kazakhs living in Aral region, due to high taxes of the Tsar administration. At that time, extortion or taxes carried out by camels. For instance, the military campaign of Perovskii in 1853 to conquer city of Akmeshit in Kazakhstan required almost 8 thousand camels. Kazakhs organized an uprising and moved to the territory of the Emba river. The rebels put a number of demands: removal of tax for households, termination of sending of punitive detachments to the Kazakh steppe, allowing usage of pastures and the possibility to move on the banks of rivers Zhem, Mugadzhar, Elek, Kobda, Zhayyk. V.A Perovskiy organized a punitive detachment and sent Baron Wrangel with a large army to suppress the uprisings. Eset Batyr agreed with Baron Wrangel, but the war did not stop and subsequently Eset batyr continued military actions against the military colonial posts and Cossack troops. The newly created punitive detachment under the leadership of Sultan Arslan Zhantorin was defeated by the army of Eset Batyr. Sultan Arslan Zhantorin was killed.
The suppression of uprising.
The suppression of the uprising was accompanied by mass killings of civilian population. Many rebels were executed while others were sent to jail such as Batyr Becket Serkebaeyev. In 1858 uprising was totally suppressed. The Russian Government understood that it would be unsuccessful to continue using force against Eset Batyr and Governor-General Katenin offered peace to Eset Batyr promising to comply with the demands of rebellions. Eset Batyr and the Russian administration reached a peace deal.

</doc>
<doc id="19249822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249822" title="Charles Henry Webb">
Charles Henry Webb

Charles Henry Webb (January 24, 1834, Rouse's Point, New York – May 24, 1905) was an American poet, author and journalist.
Born in New York, Webb spent three years at sea, and was then taken on by "The New York Times". He later moved to California, worked as a journalist on the "San Francisco Bulletin" and was an editor of "The Californian". He published a number of parodies and poems. He died in New York on May 24, 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="19249824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249824" title="MGP Nordic 2008">
MGP Nordic 2008

Melodi Grand Prix Nordic 2008 was the fourth Nordic Melodi Grand Prix, a Scandinavian song contest for children. The contest was held on November 29, 2008 in Aarhus, Denmark and the participating countries were Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland. Each country submitted two songs to participate in the first round with the top placing entry from each country proceeding to the super-final. The winner of the MGP Nordic 2008 was Norway's The BlackSheeps with "Oro jaska beana".
Format.
Each country partakes in a national selection for MGP Nordic. The top two songs from each country proceed to MGP Nordic. Eight songs participate in the contest to make it more substantial. All eight songs in the Final are performed. After the eight songs have been performed the Scandinavian countries vote for their favourite. After the voting has closed, the top song from each participating country is announced. The top four songs then sing again in the Super Final. The Scandinavian countries then vote again for their favourites. The winner is announced after the second round of voting has taken place. The voting system is different to the Eurovision and the Junior Eurovision Song Contest. It is also different to the Eurovision Dance Contest, making it unique in European contests. The percentage of votes given by a country is translated directly into points, e.g. 21% equals 21 points. No country can get nil points as each country gives points to every country. A country cannot vote for themselves, like in the Eurovision contests. The winning song then sings again as the credits roll.
Final.
Each of the Scandinavian countries were represented by two artists. The artist with the most votes from each country proceeded to the Super Final. The Johanssons represented Denmark in the Super Final, Footboys represented Finland in the Super Final, The BlackSheeps represented Norway and Jonna represented Sweden.
Running order from YLE
Super-final.
Each country sang their songs again for the Scandinavian public. The viewers then voted for the second time whilst the second interval act took place. This included the MGP Nordic Allstars singing the MGP Nordic Medley about music. The results were announced by puppets for each country. Each song gained points depending on the percentage of votes they won from each country. Norway was the runaway winner with 74 points more than second placed Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19249826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249826" title="Pato no tucupi">
Pato no tucupi

Pato no tucupi (Duck in Tucupi sauce) is a traditional Brazilian dish found mostly in the area around the city of Belém in the state of Pará state. The dish consists of a boiled duck (pato in Portuguese) in tucupi.
One of the more typical restaurants where it can be found is the "Círculo Militar" in Belém, in a historical palace near the harbour of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19249836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249836" title="A.S. Deruta">
A.S. Deruta

Associazione Sportiva Deruta is an Italian association football club located in Deruta, Umbria. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1926.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="19249844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249844" title="Mark of Cain (disambiguation)">
Mark of Cain (disambiguation)

The Mark of Cain mainly refers to the Curse and mark of Cain from the Bible.
Mark of Cain may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19249849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249849" title="Erin Popovich">
Erin Popovich

Erin Popovich (born June 29, 1985) is a three-time United States Paralympic swimmer. She has won 14 career Paralympic gold medals, and 19 total.
Personal life.
Popovich was born with achondroplasia, a genetic disorder that restricted the growth of her limbs. Her parents, a teacher and a physician, moved their family to Butte, Montana when Popovich was five. During childhood, she wore braces to straighten her back and legs, and underwent about a dozen surgeries. But according to her mother, "we didn't have to make a lot of accommodations for her; we didn't want to treat her too much differently from her siblings." Popovich was interested in sports from an early age. She rode horses and played soccer and basketball. When Popovich was 12, she joined a swim club and by the age of 15, she was competing at the 2000 Paralympic Games.
Popovich received a Bachelor of Science degree from Colorado State University in May 2007, and her hometown is listed as Silver Bow, Montana.
Swimming career.
Erin Popovich has participated in three Paralympics. She won three gold medals and three silver medals while setting four world records at the 2000 Paralympic Games in Sydney. At the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Popovich won seven gold medals in seven races (including two relays), and set three world records and four Paralympic Games records. In 2005, Popovich won the first ESPY Award for Best Female Athlete with a Disability and was named the Women's Sports Foundation Sportswoman of the Year. At the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, she won an additional four gold and two silver medals, breaking two world records (200m individual medley and 100m breaststroke) and two Paralympic records (100m and 400m freestyle). In 2009, she won the ESPY Award for Best Female Athlete with a Disability for the second time. Following the International Paralympic Committee World Swimming Championships in 2010, Popovich announced her retirement from competitive swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="19249861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249861" title="Illingworth, West Yorkshire">
Illingworth, West Yorkshire

Illingworth is a village within the Metropolitan Borough of Calderdale, in West Yorkshire, England.
It is situated north-west of Halifax.
The village of Illingworth has competitive sports teams within the area including Crossleys Juniors (football), Illingworth C.C. (cricket) and Illingworth A.R.L.F.C. (rugby league) who play at Mason Green in the Pennine League.
The village also has the former Illingworth Gaol and village stocks. The gaol has an inscription above the door giving the date as 1823 of when it was built. It had four cells. In June 2009, it was advertised for sale by auction [http://freepages.history.rootsweb.ancestry.com/~calderdalecompanion/i.html].
Illingworth is one of the Halifax villages that have all become suburbs through urban expansion. Situated on the side and top of a hill, this is an exposed area, and feels cooler than lower down districts.
An ancient settlement, many old buildings remain, but many have been lost including the old Talbot public house, demolished in the 1930s for a new building to be erected, in a Tudor style with stained glass windows. This in turn has been demolished in 2009.
The Commercial Inn is another pub now demolished, and on its site there are some mews style private housing.
The old village smithy stands derelict.
In the 1970s, some ancient cottages were lost on Church Terrace, as were some farmsteads on the upper west of Keighley Road to make way for the Abbey Park social housing scheme. The greater part of this housing scheme has in turn been demolished to make way for private sector housing.
Housing in Illingworth includes a mixture of social housing: the Halifax council built their estates towards the north of Halifax and more recently new private housing.
Illingworth is on the whole in what could be described as an attractive setting, the countryside is never far away, and there are many ancient buildings, but the village centre has witnessed severe deterioration of the environment with the aforesaid demolitions of the two public houses, and the "tram shelter". which gave a focal point on Wrigley Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19249885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249885" title="Mpoti">
Mpoti


</doc>
<doc id="19249948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249948" title="David McMillan (smuggler)">
David McMillan (smuggler)

David McMillan (born 1956) is a British-Australian drug smuggler who is best known for being the only Westerner on record as having successfully escaped Bangkok's Klong Prem prison. His exploits were the subject of the 2011 Australian telemovie, "".
Biography.
Early life.
McMillan was born in Saint Marylebone, London, England, on 9 April 1956. He is the son of John McMillan CBE, who was the controller of Associated-Rediffusion Television. After emigrating to Australia with his family, McMillan attended Caulfield Grammar School in Melbourne, Victoria. As a child, 12-year-old McMillan appeared nightly on the Nine Network's 'Peters Junior News', presenting news stories for children in a regular 5-minute TV bulletin. After working as a cinema projectionist and camera operator in Sydney, he began a short-lived career in advertising with Masius Wynne Williams in Melbourne.
Criminal career.
A part-time job at a city cinema introduced McMillan to the fringes of the underworld; a group of safe-crackers who had turned to narcotics when police surveillance curtailed their traditional profession. Connections with the free-marijuana hippie lobbyists brought those two worlds together and a tempting opportunity for McMillan, who was well-travelled. McMillan then began a career as a drug smuggler, during which he developed the bag-duplication system at Sydney's Kingsford-Smith Airport in the late 1970s as he smuggled hashish from India. In 1979, McMillan fell out with disgraced peer Lord Tony Moynihan after the exiled lord attempted to trap McMillan in a gambling-sting operation using the large-scale bets of the Chinese-run cockfights in Manila. Moynihan had hoped to employ McMillan's technical expertise to detonate an explosive capsule in the necks of fighting cocks, and so determine the winners.
Moynihan planned only to swindle McMillan out of the betting stake after a test game. McMillan was alerted to the scam by his Chinese film-making friends and left the Philippines after cautioning Moynihan. Lord Moynihan would later move on to hoodwink smuggler Howard Marks in the 1980s, resulting in Marks's conviction and imprisonment in Florida. Imprudent spending attracted the attention of federal police when a Clénet Coachworks automobile was imported from California bearing papers that had greatly undervalued the vehicle. This slip-up led to a major investigation which eventually revealed houses, businesses and properties along the eastern coast of Australia bought with cash and valued in millions of dollars. These assets later became the subject of Australia's first important confiscation of drug-earned assets. At the peak of his career in the 1980s, McMillan was a multi-millionaire and maintained homes, offices and apartments all over the world.
After three years, McMillian and business partner Michael Sullivan were arrested following Operation Aries, a Victoria Police/Federal Police taskforce operation reported to have cost over A$2 million. McMillan and Sullivan, along with their partners, Clelia Teresa Vigano and Mary Escolar Castillo respectively, had been arrested on 5 January 1982 for conspiracy to import heroin. The four had several false passports between them, and in addition to conspiracy to import heroin, they were charged with importing, selling, trafficking and possession of heroin. McMillan stood accused of travelling under 30 false passports and keeping station houses in London, Brussels and Bangkok. The trial heard charges of an attempt to escape Melbourne's high-security Pentridge Prison by helicopter using former SAS personnel in a scheme engineered by a vengeful Lord Moynihan.
The prosecution opposed bail for Castillo, who had a four-month-old baby with Sullivan, because she had access to funds and it was thought she could flee to her wealthy parents in her native Colombia. The police surgeon reported that all four defendants were habitual heroin users. Clelia Vigano and Mary Castillo were two of three women who died in a fire at HM Prison Fairlea on the evening of Saturday 6 February 1982. After her death, Castillo's baby went into the custody of Sullivan's mother. The consequent six-month trial produced 116 witnesses and a hung jury that finally returned a verdict after seven days sequestration. Despite being acquitted of 11 of the 12 counts, McMillan was found guilty of the remaining count and was sentenced to 17 years, before being released in 1993 on parole.
McMillan was arrested in ?, as a part of a joint operation between Bromley Police and the British Border Force investigating the importation of heroin from Pakistan. After executing a search warrant at McMillan’s home, police discovered a quantity of heroin as well as electronic scales and the tools used to prepare the drug for sale on a street-level.
After a six-day trial McMillan was sentenced at Croydon Crown Court to six years imprisonment for importing a Class A controlled substance into the United Kingdom.".
Thailand and escape from Klong Prem.
While on parole, McMillan flew to Thailand, travelling under the name Daniel Westlake. After a close-call at Don Muang airport, he was arrested in Bangkok's Chinatown and charged with heroin trafficking. He was held in Klong Prem Central Prison. Klong Prem, also known as the "Bangkok Hilton", is Asia's most notorious prison and housed 600 foreigners along with 12,000 inmates. For two years, McMillan watched as inmates fell prey to drugs, disease, violence, death and despair. Due to his financial status, McMillan lived more comfortably than the average inmate while in prison. McMillan had his own chef and servants, dined on food bought from the supermarket, and also had his own office, television and radio.
Facing the death penalty and a transfer to Bang Kwang Central Prison, McMillan resolved that this was not going to be the end of him. McMillan later stated, "I had no interest in my trial. I knew what it was going to be like – a farce, a mockery, a sham and a travesty – and that I would receive the death penalty." McMillan escaped from Klong Prem in August 1996, never to be seen in Thailand again. During the night he cut the cell bars with hacksaws, scaled seven inner walls, then mounted the outer wall using a bamboo-pole ladder. Once out of the prison, McMillan changed into civilian clothes and carried an umbrella as he walked away from the prison. McMillan credits the umbrella with helping him escape, saying that "escaping prisoners don't carry umbrellas".
Four hours later, with a false passport, he was on a flight to Singapore and 12 hours later was sitting in a hotel. Prison authorities raced to the airport to look for him once they realised he was missing, however, McMillan caught a plane in time and later said, "There’s nothing better than the suction sound of an aeroplane door being sealed." Future Australian attorney-general Robert McClelland when praising Australia's embassy in Thailand remarked that McMillan: ""… a prisoner… escaped from the Thai jail in quite exceptional and athletic circumstances. In terms of mere escape, it was really quite an achievement."" An account of the Thai prison and his jail break can be found in his autobiography ESCAPE (Mainstream Publishing 2008). After fleeing Thailand using false documents, McMillan was kept safe in Balouchistan, Pakistan under the protection of Mir Noor Jehan Magsi of the Magsi clan, from where he began operations to Scandinavia.
Pakistan.
McMillan was arrested in Lahore, Pakistan, as a result of the confession of a captured courier. McMillian was flown to Karachi, Pakistan, and held in Karachi Central Jail. This jail maintained a class system for prisoners, through which McMillan kept servants and private rooms. Due to a financial dispute with the prison superintendent concerning his illegal mobile phone, McMillan was transferred at night to the Hyderabad jail, where he was kept in the dungeons until being rescued by Lord Magsi. Not wishing to add to the existing Interpol warrants, McMillan returned to Karachi to stand trial, where he was acquitted by a Customs Court judge who found there was no evidence that McMillan had sponsored the courier.
The courier, a former boxer from Liverpool, was sentenced to five years in custody, eventually released and has since disappeared. During his time in Hyderabad, McMillan formed a friendship with the members of a Moscow street gang, who were completing a ten-year sentence for the hijack of a commercial liner outside their Russian prison. The gang had been separated by the Russian prison authorities, a decision overcome by gang leader Andreas, who flew his hijacked aircraft to Krasnoyarsk from where he freed the other members of his team before flying to Pakistan, then under the control of General Zia al Huq, known for his independence from both the Soviet Union and the US. The story of the Russian prisoners and their ordeal has been written by McMillan in "White Russians".
England.
David McMillan returned to London in 1999. He was arrested in 2000 in Copenhagen, Denmark. He was arrested at Heathrow airport in 2002 for smuggling 500 grams of class A drugs. For this crime he served a sentence of two years. As of 2007, the warrant for Macmillan's arrest in Thailand for heroin trafficking is still active and he is still wanted in Australia for breaching parole. However, the UK government does not extradite anyone to a country which carries out the death penalty, while breaching parole is not an extraditable offence. In June 2009, McMillan appeared as a guest in a 50-minute episode of Danny Dyer's "Deadliest Men 2: Living Dangerously", which aired on Bravo TV.
The episode includes interviews and presents McMillan as having settled peacefully with his partner Jeanette and children. An Australian television company "Screentime", released a telemovie that aired on Channel Nine in February 2011, loosely based on McMillan's smuggling, arrest, imprisonment in Bangkok and briefly outlined his escape from Klong Prem. The low-budget film was the 3rd in the Underbelly Files series. McMillan is to see published "McVillain: the Man Who Got Away", scheduled for launch 1 April 2011. McVillain is the first in a series planned for the great rises and falls in McMillan's life. Although launched on the springboard of the Underbelly telemovie, the books differ in almost every factual event according to McMillan.
In April 2011, the motion picture and dramatic rights to McMillan's time and escape from Klong Prem were acquired by Eastern Films.

</doc>
<doc id="19249964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249964" title="Church of St. Mary of the Purification, Blidworth">
Church of St. Mary of the Purification, Blidworth

The Church of St. Mary of the Purification, Blidworth is a parish church in the Church of England in Blidworth, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
History.
Only the west tower from the medieval (15th Century) church survives. The rest was built in 1739 by Rhodes of Barlborough and 1839 by Colvin.
Rockings Ceremony.
The Church of St. Mary of the Purification is the only church that is known to continue to hold an annual Rockings Ceremony during which the baby boy, born to married, Christian parents living in Blidworth, nearest to Christmas Day is “rocked” in an ancient cradle on the Feast of the Purification of Mary, which is on the Sunday nearest to Candlemas.
The origins of the ceremony go back at least 400 years. The custom was revived in 1842 by the Vicar, John Lowndes after a lapse of 150 years, and again in 1922.
All of the babies who have taken part in the Rocking Ceremonies have their names recorded upon a plaque at the rear of St Mary's Church with their full name and the year in which they were 'Rocked'. In 1980 the rocking ceremony was performed by John Denis Wakeling the Bishop of Southwell. The child was Edward William Tristram who received a commemorative bible to mark the occasion inscribed by the Bishop.
Notable burials.
The church is reputed to be the burial place of Will Scarlet.
Incumbents.
The list of incumbents goes back to the 14th century:
Source.
Richard Goodhand as Incumbent of newly formed Benefice of Rainworth and Blidworth (1998 - 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="19250001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250001" title="Resource consumption accounting">
Resource consumption accounting

Resource Consumption Accounting (RCA) is formally defined as a dynamic, fully integrated, principle-based, and comprehensive management accounting approach that provides managers with decision support information for enterprise optimization. RCA is a relatively new, flexible, comprehensive management accounting approach based largely on the German management accounting approach Grenzplankostenrechnung (GPK) and also allows for the use of activity-based drivers.
Background.
Initially, RCA had emerged as a management accounting approach beginning around 2000, and was subsequently developed at CAM-I (The Consortium of Advanced Management, International) in a Cost Management Section RCA interest group commencing in December 2001. Over the next seven years RCA was refined and validated through practical case studies, industry journal publications, and other research papers.
In 2008, a group of interested academics and practitioners established the RCA Institute to introduce Resource Consumption Accounting to the marketplace and raise the standard of management accounting knowledge by encouraging disciplined practices.
By July 2009, Professional Accountants in Business (PAIB) Committee of International Federation of Accountants (IFAC), recognized Resource Consumption Accounting in the International Good Practice Guidance (IGPG) publication called Evaluating and Improving Costing in Organizations and its companion document, Evaluating the Costing Journey: A Costing Levels Continuum Maturity Model. The guide focuses on universal costing principles and with the Costing Levels Maturity Model acknowledges RCA attains a higher level of accuracy and visibility compared to activity based costing for managerial accounting information when the incremental benefits of RCA's better information exceed the incremental administrative effort and cost to collect, calculate and report its information. 
As stated in the Internation Good Practice Guidance,
Resource Consumption Accounting was also recognized in a Sustainability Framework Report issued by the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC), for having the capability of helping organizations “"improve their understanding of environmental (and social) costs through their costing systems and models"”.
This Sustainability Framework highlights RCA under the sub-heading "Improving Information Flows to Support Decision" and informs readers that proper cost allocation can be built ‘directly into the cost accounting system’, thereby enhancing an organization's performance for “"identifying, defining and classifying costs in a useful way"”.
Concepts of Resource Consumption Accounting.
RCA concepts that distinguish it from other management accounting approaches include the following:
The Core Elements of RCA.
There are three core elements that enable RCA to lay a very different foundation for its cost model.
Additional information.
The goals of the RCA Institute, in promoting the acquisition of knowledge and skills to apply RCA, include the following:
This annotated bibliography provides more information for recommended reading and some guidance on how to get the most out of the information that is there.

</doc>
<doc id="19250017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250017" title="Waterman (sports)">
Waterman (sports)

A waterman or waterwoman is a person who participates in multiple water sports. Historically the term referred to those who make their living from the water such as professional fishermen, but it has evolved to describe those who take part in an variety of water activities.
Wave riding sports include swimming, surfing, kayaking, and bodysurfing. In surfing terminology, "waterman" refers to a versatile athlete who can engage in various forms of water sports depending on conditions.
One early person given this title was Duke Kahanamoku.
Fishing includes both common above water pole fishing and underwater spearfishing, both with a simple spear or a spear gun. Freediving skills are aften used when fishing underwater.

</doc>
<doc id="19250029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250029" title="St Mary's Church, Knowsley">
St Mary's Church, Knowsley

St Mary's Church, Knowsley is located in Knowsley Lane, Knowsley Village, Merseyside, England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool, the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of Huyton. In the "Buildings of England" series, Pollard and Pevsner describe the church as being "largish" with "an intimate interior".
History.
The church was built in 1843–44 to a design by Edmund Sharpe for the 13th Earl of Derby at a cost of about £20,000 (£ as of ). It was consecrated on 6 June 1844 by Rt Revd John Bird Sumner, Bishop of Chester. Transepts designed by Edward Paley, Sharpe's successor in the architectural practice, were added in 1860. In 1871–72 a memorial chapel to the 14th Earl of Derby, designed by Paley and Austin, was added. It cost £3,000, which included the cost of a monument with a figure by Matthew Noble. In 1892–93 a new vestry and a new east window by Paley, Austin and Paley were built. An organ was installed in the Derby chapel in 1913. In 1981–82 the church was reordered, a nave altar was introduced, and meeting and service facilities were installed in the base of the tower.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed in sandstone with freestone dressings and has a stone tile roof. Its architectural style is mainly Early English. The plan of the church consists of a west steeple, a five-bay nave with north and south aisles and a clerestory, a north porch, north and south transepts, a five-bay chancel with a north chapel (formerly the Derby chapel), and a south vestry. The tower is in three stages, with angle buttresses. In the bottom stage is a west doorway with lancet windows above. The middle stage also contains windows with pointed arches. In the top stage are two-light bell openings containing quatrefoil tracery, flanked by blind arches. The tower is surmounted by a broach spire with two tiers of lucarnes. Each bay on the south side of both the aisles and the clerestory contains a pair of windows. The transepts have buttresses, a corbel table, two-light north and south windows in Decorated style, and small west windows. The chancel also has a corbel table. Its east window has five lights with Perpendicular tracery, and the two two-light south windows are in Decorated style. The north chapel is also in Decorated style, and has a four-light north window. Along the north side of the church are three-light windows, and a frieze of quatrefoils. The vestry has a square-headed window and an east doorway re-set from an earlier doorway.
Interior.
The nave arcades are carried on quatrefoil piers with foliage capitals. The chancel arch includes carvings of Queen Victoria and the Archbishop of Canterbury. The nave is floored with 19th-century relief tiles, and there are encaustic tiles in the chapel. Inside the church is an intricately carved bench from Knowsley Hall which is dated 1646, and royal arms dated 1567. The reredos, dating from 1866, was designed by Edwin Stirling. In the Derby chapel is a recumbent alabaster effigy by Matthew Noble of the 14th Earl of Derby. Along the chancel walls are memorial mosaics dating from the 1910s and 1920s. The octagonal font was created in 1890 by Stubbs and Sons of Liverpool. The pulpit is polygonal and dates from about 1946. Stained glass in the church includes the east window of 1893 by Shrigley and Hunt, a window in each transept by Lavers and Barraud, and a window in the south wall of the chancel of 1923 by Powell and Sons. The three-manual organ was made in 1913 by Rushworth and Dreaper of Liverpool.
External features.
The churchyard contains the war graves of a soldier of World War I, and two soldiers of World War II.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19250041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250041" title="Bridgewater State Hospital">
Bridgewater State Hospital

Bridgewater State Hospital, located in southeastern Massachusetts, is a state facility housing the criminally insane and those whose sanity is being evaluated for the criminal justice system. It was established in 1855 as an almshouse. It was then used as a workhouse for inmates with short sentences who worked the surrounding farmland. It was later rebuilt in the 1880s and again in 1974. Bridgewater State Hospital currently houses 395 inmates all of whom are adult males. The facility was the subject of the 1967 documentary "Titicut Follies". Bridgewater State Hospital falls under the jurisdiction of the Massachusetts Department of Correction.
History.
By the 1970s the campus of the Massachusetts Correctional Institution at Bridgewater (MCIB) housed four separate facilities: The State Hospital for the Criminally Insane, the Treatment Center for Sexually Dangerous Persons, a center for alcoholics, and a minimum security prison. 
In 1968 there were hearings conducted after a study showed that there were 30 inmates committed to the state hospital illegally. Most of the prisoners stayed at Bridgewater because they did not have the legal skills or money available to help their claim. Many of the prisoners' terms had long expired. An example of this was a patient named Charles who was sentenced to Bridgewater in 1910 for breaking and entering. The maximum time for this felony was two years, and he still remained in the prison after 1967. Furthermore in later news, it was found that the number of inmates at Bridgewater grew to 500. Many felt that society was not doing its job in distinguishing men that needed regular prison rehabilitation and psychiatric help. There needed to be changes in what constitutes a person to be sent to a mental hospital. Also among the changes that needed to be implemented were the confidentially between the inmates and the doctors as well as having a standard by which a person is considered mentally insane. 
In 1967 a legislative committee investigated allegations of "cruel, inhuman, and barbarous treatment". There were witnesses who were able to describe problems with the water and sewage systems, insufficient medical, kitchen, and recreational facilities. As a result in 1972 John Boone, the Massachusetts Commissioner of Corrections, closed the segregation unit at Bridgewater State Hospital because it required maintenance. Bridgewater's facilities were not suitable for the standard means of health and living. There were 90-year-old cell blocks which did not have any toilets. Boone closed the Departmental Segregation Unit at Bridgewater to hold hearings for the sixteen inmates who had been transferred out of Norfolk.
Albert DeSalvo, who confessed to being the Boston Strangler, was an inmate at Bridgewater in 1967. He briefly escaped and was transferred to the maximum security prison at Walpole.
Many of the prisoners at Bridgewater State Hospital were not criminally insane people. This is evident with a man who painted a horse in 1938. He was sent to Bridgewater because he painted a horse with stripes to make it look like a zebra. He was a poor vendor whose occupation was selling fresh fruit. In order to appeal to the people and increase his sales, he painted the horse. He was later arrested at the age of 29 and charged with drunkenness. He died at the facility at an old age where he was only supposed to serve at Bridgewater for two years.
There was a time at the Bridgewater State Hospital when many of the inmates were there long after their sentence date. In 1968 over 250 cases were reviewed of forgotten men at Bridgewater. There were inmates that were at Bridgewater for over twenty-five years. Some inmates were transferred to Bridgewater from other jails and prison facilities and kept at Bridgewater for much longer than their sentences entailed.
"Titicut Follies".
"Titicut Follies" is a powerful documentary that showed the horrors of Bridgewater in 1967; its title is the name of the talent show the inmates would perform in every year. Filmmaker Frederick Wiseman observed the hospital for twenty-nine days, depicting the harsh treatment the inmates received by the guards and how the doctors were not aware of the proper treatment the inmates needed. 
This was apparent with one inmate where he was classified as a paranoid schizophrenic. He came to Bridgewater for medical testing but ended up being a resident there. He received powerful medication that made his mental state worsen as time progressed. He went to a review board to explain that he did not need to be at Bridgewater because the treatment he was receiving was not proper for his well being. His case was not rare at Bridgewater. 
Throughout the film, the viewer can see the mistreatment inmates received from the guards and the prisoners. There is one instance where the guards were harassing an inmate because his cell was not clean. He is obviously mentally ill and frustrated by the repeating questions the guards ask him about his cell but there is not much he can do. Furthermore, one inmate was not eating so he was force fed by one of the doctors at the facility. While force feeding him with a tube, the doctor is smoking a cigarette while the ashes are mixing with the water and other liquids he is giving him. The documentary at the same time flashed to the death of the same inmate. In addition, when the inmates were in their cell, they did not have any clothing.
Many of the inmates were not mentally insane, they were just sent there under rare circumstances. The documentary illustrates how some inmates were mentally unstable and others were considered to be normal.
Officer Deaths at Bridgewater.
-Feb. 13, 1928- Night Watchman Wilfred Gerrior was beaten to death and strangled during an escape attempt. <br>
-Feb. 13, 1928- Night Supervisor Eugene Amlaw was beaten to death during an escape attempt. <br>
-January 1, 1942- Officer Howard Murphy was stabbed to death with a chisel during an escape attempt. <br>
-January 1, 1942- Officer Franklin Weston was stabbed to death with a chisel during an escape attempt. <br>
-January 1, 1942- Officer George Landry was stabbed to death with a chisel when he came to the aid of his fellow downed officers.
Notable prisoners.
Albert De Salvo (The Boston Strangler)
Facility Address.
Bridgewater State Hospital <br>
20 Administration Road <br>
Bridgewater, MA 02324 <br>
Phone: (508) 279-4500

</doc>
<doc id="19250056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250056" title="Labrosse">
Labrosse

Labrosse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19250064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250064" title="Amat Al Alim Alsoswa">
Amat Al Alim Alsoswa

Amat Al Alim Alsoswa (, born August 27, 1958) served as the Assistant Secretary-General, Assistant Administrator of United Nations Development Program and Director of its Regional Bureau for Arab States.
Alsoswa was born in Taiz, Yemen and holds a B.A. in Mass Communications from Cairo University (1980) and an M.A. in International Communications from the American University in Washington, DC (1984). She speaks Arabic and English fluently and communicates in French and Russian. She was the first woman undersecretary in the Ministry of Information, first woman Ambassador (to the Netherlands residing in the Hague, a non-resident Ambassador to both Sweden and Denmark) and first female Minister (Ministry of Human Rights).
At a young age, Alsoswa began her career as journalist of the nation. She began broadcasting at the age of 10 in a local radio program in the Governorate of Taiz. Later on, Alsoswa she was a TV anchor in Yemen's Television where she served as a political commentator and news broadcaster. Between 1984 and 1986, she worked as Deputy TV Programs Director at Sana’a TV, where she held the most senior position as a woman in Yemeni television. Subsequently, she became Chief Editor of Mutaba’at I’elamiah Journal, a monthly magazine focusing on communications and media affairs. From 1989 to 1991, Alsoswa led the Yemeni Women’s Union before Yemen’s reunification. From 1997 to 1999, she was Undersecretary at Yemen’s Ministry of Information and Chairperson of the National Women’s Committee. Between 2000 and 2003, she served as Yemen’s ambassador to Sweden, Denmark and the Netherlands, where she was Yemen’s Permanent Representative to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, based in The Hague. In May 2003, Alsoswa was appointed the Minister of Human Rights in Yemen, the first human rights woman Minister in Yemen’s history. During her tenure, she established and oversaw Yemen’s first Human Rights Ministry, initiated the country’s first national human rights report, and established a public human rights resource center.
Alsoswa has published and lectured extensively and has received numerous awards and was made an Officier in the order of the Légion d'Honneur (France) and the Medal of the Egyptian Committee for Afro Asian Solidarity (Egypt). 
Alsoswa is also a Trustee of the Arab Democracy Foundation.
Alsoswa wrote and spoke on Women's rights and Democracy. She was an activist for Human Rights in general and freedom of expression in particular. She is married and has two Children.

</doc>
<doc id="19250079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250079" title="The Anthology (Joe Cocker album)">
The Anthology (Joe Cocker album)

The Anthology is a compilation album by Joe Cocker, covering his career between 1964 and 1982. It was released in 1999 (see 1999 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19250097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250097" title="Evan James (rugby)">
Evan James (rugby)

Evan James (1869 - 18 August 1901) was a Welsh rugby half back who played club rugby for Swansea under the rugby union code, and professional rugby league for Broughton Rangers. While playing with Swansea, James was paired with his brother, David James and together they were nicknamed the 'Swansea gems' and the 'Curly haired marmosets'. The brothers were the centre of a controversial move to the league game in 1892 and switched codes twice in their careers.
Rugby career.
James was first capped for his country on 1 February 1890 in a match against Scotland, which was more notable for being the debut game for Swansea team-mate and Wales legend Billy Bancroft. His debut, without his brother as support, was deemed a total failure. On the 7 March 1891, against Ireland at Stradey Park, James turned out for Wales alongside his brother to keep together their Swansea partnership. James's fifth and final cap took a seven-year gap to obtain when he turned out against England in 1899.
In 1892, James and his brother supposedly turned out for professional rugby league team Broughton Rangers, after which the Rugby Football Union banned them both from rugby union. In 1896, an appeal from Swansea and Wales was successful and the brothers were reinstated. On January 28, three weeks after their final cap, David and Evan actually joined Broughton Rangers, and severed their links with rugby union.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19250160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250160" title="Jessie Liu">
Jessie Liu

Jessie M. Liu (traditional Chinese: 劉美誼; simplified Chinese: 刘美谊; pinyin: Liu Mei Yi, born September 3, 1981) is a producer, director, and host for Chinese American TV programs, and singer and songwriter. She is Miss NY Chinese 2002, the first Miss NY Chinese winner to compete in Miss Chinese International.
Background.
Born in Guangzhou (Canton), China, Jessie Liu immigrated to the U.S. with her parents in 1993. She lived in Rhode Island with her parents and her sister from 1993 to 2003, then moved to New York City in 2004.
Music career.
Despite a late start to a full-time music career, at the age of 30, Jessie has been steadfast in developing herself as a musician.
As a song writer and singer, Jessie has been influenced by artists both in her native Chinese culture as well as the culture of her adopted homeland, America. 
With full command of three languages (English, Mandarin and Cantonese), her performances are effortless cross-overs of not only cultures but times as well, straddling between older classics and contemporary hits.
Often described by audiences as uplifting and passionate, her singing possesses an undeniable genuineness. A unique signature of hers is the lingering sensuality in her voice coupled with a tender sweetness in the tone. Jessie connects with the audiences through her music and singing which embody the cultures, values and traditions she represents as well as her own life journey.
Early career.
In 2003, Jessie Liu returned to Rhode Island to finish college while interned in a marketing firm in Manhattan, NY. In 2007, she withdrawn from her full-time position as the Account Service Department Director at the marketing firm, and started her new career in entertainment production. She hosted a Telly Award-winning, national Chinese American TV program, Better Living in USA «美化家居» 
, in fall 2006. From April to December 2007, she hosted the first Chinese American game show series, Click or Clash «皇牌對對碰», produced by a New York based entertainment company, JL Global Entertainment Inc. 
In 2008, Jessie Liu produced, directed, hosted Telly Award winning program 
Beauty Pageant.
Jessie Liu entered Miss NY Chinese 2002 pageant 

</doc>
<doc id="19250168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250168" title="Television in Kosovo">
Television in Kosovo

Television in Kosovo was first introduced in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19250176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250176" title="Michael Gallagher (Isis guitarist)">
Michael Gallagher (Isis guitarist)

Michael Gallagher is an American guitarist, best known for his work with post-metal band Isis. He joined them in 1999 for their debut LP "Celestial", having previously been a member of Cast Iron Hike. He has an ambient project known as MGR (Mustard Gas & Roses); under this moniker he has released two albums and scored one film.
He plays a '78 Les Paul Custom, which he bought on eBay, through a Fryette Sig:x Amplifier. Whilst playing in Isis he normally tuned his guitar down to Dropped B (B-F#-B-E-G#-B), like his bandmate Aaron Turner.
He hails from Philadelphia, PA.

</doc>
<doc id="19250179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250179" title="John Bott">
John Bott

John Bott (born 1779 in England; died February 1836 in London) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex and he made 3 known appearances in first-class matches from 1807 to 1808.

</doc>
<doc id="19250182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250182" title="St. Peter's Church, Clayworth">
St. Peter's Church, Clayworth

St. Peter's Church, Clayworth is a parish church in the Church of England in Clayworth, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church dates from the early part of the 11th century. A substantial restoration was done by John Oldrid Scott in 1874 to 1875.
The church is in a joint parish with:
Features.
It is notable for the murals painted by Phoebe Anna Traquair.
Bells.
There are eight bells in the tower. The two smallest were cast by John Taylor of Loughborough in 1998. Bells 3 and 4 were cast by the same company in 1951. The fifth was cast in 1897 by John Warner and Sons, London. The sixth was cast by Daniel Hedderly of Bawtry in 1722. The seventh is by George Oldfield I of Nottingham from 1629. The tenor is by William Oldfield of Doncaster in 1652.

</doc>
<doc id="19250196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250196" title="Benjamin T. Babbitt">
Benjamin T. Babbitt

Benjamin Talbot Babbitt (May 1, 1809 – October 20, 1889) was a self-made American businessman and inventor who amassed a fortune in the soap industry, manufacturing "Babbitt's Best Soap".
Early life.
Benjamin Babbitt was born in Westmoreland, New York on May 1, 1809. His parents were Betsey (Holman) Babbitt, and Nathaniel Babbitt, a blacksmith, tavern owner and ensign in the militia of Oneida County, New York. As a child, he attended public school and worked on the family farm. He "possessed a most ingenious and inquiring disposition", and by the time he was twenty he was working in a machine shop and had learned the trades of wheelwright, machinist and file maker. He took an interest in and studied chemistry from a professor who visited the work shop occasionally to give instruction to the workmen.
By age 22 Babbitt had enough money to open his first machine shop in Little Falls, where for 12 years, he manufactured pumps and engines. During this time he invented a practicable and economical mowing machine, one of the first made in America. His business was destroyed by a flood in 1834, but he persevered.
Manufacturing.
Babbitt moved to New York City where he began to manufacture "saleratus" (or sodium bicarbonate, commonly called baking soda). He used a process which he invented, and sold the product in small, convenient and well marked packages. He packaged and marketed his product so well that he quickly controlled most of the sodium bicarbonate market. He started producing a baking powder, a soap powder and several varieties of soap, all of them also successfully marketed well, and very popular. In 1851, he became the first to manufacture and market soap in individual bars, which he packaged attractively and added a claim of quality. He took the ordinary and proved it could be turned into a marketable product. He, along with others like him, helped change American merchandising.
Babbitt invented most of the machinery he used in his production plants. He owned extensive iron works and machine shops in Whitesboro, New York. He held more than 100 patents. In addition to inventions concerning his own field of business, his invention ideas ranged from wind motors, to gun barrels, armor plate, ventilators, steam engine appliances, canal boats and artificial icemakers.
Advertising.
Babbitt became known as a genius in the art of advertising. He rivaled his friend P. T. Barnum in originality and success, becoming a household name throughout the U.S.
His soap was one of the first nationally advertised products. The soap was sold from brightly painted street cars with musicians, which helped lead the phrase "get on the bandwagon." Babbitt was the first manufacturer to offer tours of his factories and one of the first to give away free samples. He used the advertising slogans, ""Soap for all nations"" and ""Cleanliness is the scale of civilization"".
Embezzlement.
In the 1870s, Babbitt and his business became involved in a major embezzlement case. Two trusted employees were charged and eventually convicted of having stolen some $200,000 to $300,000 from Babbitt over a period of several years. The case attracted extensive public attention.
Death and legacy.
Babbitt died October 20, 1889, and was buried at Woodlawn Cemetery, Bronx, New York. He was survived by his wife, Rebecca McDuffie Babbitt (?- 1894) and his two daughters, Ida Babbitt Hyde and Lillian Babbitt Hyde (1856–1939), to whom he left one half of his $5,000,000 estate as well as the controlling interest in his company. She established The Lillia Babbitt Hyde Foundation in 1924, and served as its president until her death in 1939. The bulk of her estate was left to the Foundation, raising the value of its assets as of June 1941, to approximately $3,200,000.
Sinclair Lewis used the Babbitt family name for the title character of his bestselling novel, "Babbitt", about a vulgar and ignorant businessman, written in 1922.
Babbitt' is a section of North Bergen, New Jersey named for a tract of between Granton and Faiview purchased for factory complex in 1904. to which the soap works relocated in 1907 from its former premises, a facility on West Street in Lower Manhattan. becoming one of the largest soap manufacturering plants in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19250199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250199" title="George Hoare">
George Hoare

George Matthew Hoare (born 19 April 1779 in England; died 28 July 1852 in Brighton) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey and he made 5 known appearances in first-class matches from 1807 to 1812.
Family.
Hoare had several cricketing relations. His sons Charles H Hoare and Henry J Hoare, his grandson Charles T Hoare and a great-nephew Henry W Hoare all played first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="19250200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250200" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Bexar County, Texas">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bexar County, Texas

List of Registered Historic Places in Bexar County, Texas
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bexar County, Texas. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="19250202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250202" title="Fred G. Redmon Bridge">
Fred G. Redmon Bridge

The Fred G. Redmon Bridge, also known as the Selah Creek Bridge, is a twin arch bridge that spans Selah Creek near Selah, Washington.
Construction.
The bridge was opened to traffic on November 2, 1971 and was constructed by Peter Kiewit & Sons, who won the contract with a bid of $4,356,070 (equivalent to about $ in ). The bridge was part of a long, $1.7 million (equivalent to $ million in ) segment of the Interstate 82 freeway construction through the area.
At the time it was built, it was the longest concrete arch bridge in the United States, surpassed only by the Sandö Bridge in Sweden. It was also the highest bridge in Washington. It won the 1971 Grand Award "for excellence in the use of concrete", awarded by the Washington Aggregates and Concrete Association.
Namesake.
Fred Redmon was the first chair of the Washington Highway Commission, formed in 1951 to oversee the state's Department of Highways.

</doc>
<doc id="19250217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250217" title="John Jenner">
John Jenner

John Jenner (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer.
Career.
An occasional wicket-keeper, he was mainly associated with Middlesex and he made 6 known appearances in first-class matches from 1807 to 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="19250223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250223" title="G. Sparks (Surrey cricketer)">
G. Sparks (Surrey cricketer)

G Sparks (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey and he made 7 known appearances in first-class matches from 1807 to 1810.

</doc>
<doc id="19250224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250224" title="Television in the Isle of Man">
Television in the Isle of Man

Television in the Isle of Man, The Crown dependency of the Isle of Man does not have its own television channel and uses United Kingdom television channels. Unlike the Crown dependencies in the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man does not have Island-specific opt-out of the BBC or ITV Regional News programmes, in the way that the Channel Islands get their own version of "Spotlight" and "Channel Report" and instead the Isle of Man is included as part of BBC North West and ITV Granada.
United Kingdom Television Channels available in the Isle of Man.
BBC.
The Isle of Man is covered by BBC North West on BBC One and receives the local news programme BBC North West Tonight and news bulletins covering the island are included in North West Tonight. The Island receives the national England variation of BBC Two. There is no specific island continuity and the island utilises the England wide continuity for both BBC One and BBC Two. The Isle of Man is part of BBC English Regions. Some viewers receive services from Northern Ireland, Wales and North East & Cumbria rather than from island-based relays.
ITV.
Commercial television came to the island on 26 March 1965, unlike the Channel Islands which were designated the franchise of Channel Television the Isle of Man was included in the ITV Border franchise based in Carlisle. After it was announced that the ITV Border and ITV Tyne Tees would merge a survey of Isle of Man viewers in autumn 2008, coverage of the Isle of Man was transferred from ITV Border to ITV Granada on Thursday 16 July 2009. The island receives the national ITV1 continuity for England and is news from the island is featured in Granada Reports. Like the BBC, some viewers receive services through their aerials from elsewhere, including Northern Ireland's UTV and ITV Wales, rather than local relays.
Channel 4.
The commercial network Channel 4 broadcasts to the island but Channel 4 does not provide any regional programming except for advertising which the Isle of Man is covered by the "North Macro" advertising region.
Channel 5.
The United Kingdom's Channel 5 broadcasts to the island but also utilises a single national channel with regional advertising in which the Isle of Man is covered by "The North" macro.
Digital Television.
The Isle of Man receives the full digital channel line up for the North West England.
Platforms.
Analogue Terrestrial.
Digital switch-over for the Isle of Man was completed on 16 July 2009.
Freeview.
The Isle of Man is included as part of the North West Region for Freeview.
Television Licence.
The United Kingdom TV Licence also covers the Isle of Man which is currently £145.50 and used to fund BBC services, the Isle of Man also issues free TV Licences to persons 75 and over.
Local Television.
In 1993, Tynwald passed legislation (the Broadcasting Act) allowing for the establishment of local television services. Only one application for a licence to run such a service was received by the Communications Commission. That application was rejected.

</doc>
<doc id="19250233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250233" title="2008 Associates Tri-Series in Kenya">
2008 Associates Tri-Series in Kenya

The 2008 Associates Tri-Series in Kenya is a One Day International cricket tournament which was held in Kenya from October 17 to October 25, 2008. The tri-series involves the national teams of Ireland, Kenya and Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="19250235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250235" title="Gigantic (film)">
Gigantic (film)

Gigantic is a 2008 independent comedy film directed by Matt Aselton and starring Paul Dano, Zooey Deschanel, John Goodman, Edward Asner and Jane Alexander. The script, written by Aselton and his college friend Adam Nagata, tells of Brian (Dano), a mattress salesman who wishes to adopt a baby from China, but finds himself sharing his passion, with the quirky, wealthy Harriet (Deschanel) when they meet in his store. The story was based on Aselton's childhood wish for his parents to adopt a Chinese baby. The film was shot in New York and Connecticut. It had its world premiere at 2008's Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 3, 2009.
Premise.
Young mattress salesman Brian decides to adopt a baby from China. Brian's life becomes more complicated and contemplative when he forms a relationship with quirky, wealthy Harriet, whom he meets at his mattress store.
Production.
Aselton said that, as the youngest child in his family, he wanted his parents to adopt a Chinese baby so that he could have a younger sibling; his younger brother did in fact adopt a baby later. He and co-writer Adam Nagata were fascinated by the idea and built the story around Brian's wanting to adopt a baby. Aselton and Nagata, college friends who both come from literary backgrounds, aimed to write the film as novelistic and surrealist rather than expository. They wanted to show "those little things that are often found in literature but rarely in film", such as Brian and his father's age difference and how it affects their relationship, and Harriet's walking around in her underpants and how it affects her and Brian's relationship. Aselton chose the title "Gigantic" because "There's an innocence about the " due to its use by young children to describe something fantastic. He felt that the title was "a juxtaposition against Brian's life changing decision to adopt a baby".
The script languished for several years before the film went into production, when producer Mindy Goldberg brought the script to Christine Vachon of Killer Films. Aselton said the most challenging part of making the film was casting the two lead roles of Brian and Harriet. Paul Dano liked the script and was one of the first actors to sign on, which attracted others to join the cast. Aselton said that Dano was one of the first to audition for the role and the first to understand the story; Deschanel was the second actor to understand, and so both were cast. To prepare for his role, Dano talked to salesmen at Sleepy's, a mattress store, and bought Chinese language tapes to learn some of the language as his character did. Filming began on March 3, 2008 and lasted for 23 days. As a director of commercials, Aselton brought many of his former crew members with him to work on "Gigantic". Most of production took place in Brooklyn and Manhattan but several scenes were filmed in Stamford, Connecticut and Los Angeles. Filming locations included Brooklyn Heights' Cadman Plaza West and Cobble Hill's Quercy restaurant. Scenes in the mattress store were filmed inside an abandoned warehouse, which cinematographer Peter Donahue described as "a big space with perfect texture on the walls and windows in the right places for motivated, practical light". Though the producers wanted to use 16 mm film because of the tight budget, Aselton and Donahue chose to use Super 35 format, mainly using medium-long lenses.
Release.
The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 9, 2008. Following its screening at American Film Market, First Independent Pictures bought the film's North American distribution rights. The film was pre-screened at Vassar College in the fall of 2008. It was screened at the Cornell University Cinema on February 14, 2009 and in March at the Buenos Aires International Festival of Independent Cinema and the AFI Dallas International Film Festival, where it won the Target Filmmaker Award for Best Narrative Feature. It was given a limited theatrical release on April 3, 2009, coinciding with its showing at the Gen Art Film Festival.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes critics give it 36%, with 27 of 75 fresh reviews. Slant Magazine called the film a "meager sum of quirky details" and gave it (½ out of four stars), though it complimented Dano's "fine performance." Stephen Holden called it a "serious comedy about the children of privilege...a cautiously surreal, absurdist movie" with a protagonist (played by Dano) who's a "close spiritual relative of the polite young men who drift through mumblecore films"; the review concludes:
"The Village Voice" called it "another flimsy indie comedy for the heap" with a "screenplay's per-page quota of 'unexpected' tweaks leave little room for much else."
"Gigantic" earned $102,704 in gross revenue in its limited thirteen-week, eleven-theater release, with its one-theater opening weekend collecting $10,294 of that total. Worldwide, the film grossed $165,888.

</doc>
<doc id="19250248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250248" title="Puchy Delgado">
Puchy Delgado

Luis Felipe "Puchy" Delgado Robles (born February 2, 1954 in Hatillo, Puerto Rico) is a retired professional baseball player who spent seven seasons in professional baseball, including part of a season (1977) in Major League Baseball with the Seattle Mariners. He played 13 games in his one-year major league career, and had hits in 22 at-bats, with two runs batted in (RBIs). Over his minor league career, Delgado played for the Class-A Winter Haven Red Sox, the Class-A Winston-Salem Red Sox, the Triple-A Rhode Island Red Sox, and the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox in the Boston Red Sox organization; the Triple-A San Jose Missions in the Seattle Mariners organization; the Triple-A Omaha Royals in the Kansas City Royals organization; and the Triple-A Wichita Aeros in the Chicago Cubs organization. In 765 career minor league games, Delgado batted .261 with 729 hits, 89 doubles, 33 triples, and 17 home runs.
Professional career.
Boston Red Sox.
Before the 1973 season, Delgado signed as an amateur free agent with the Boston Red Sox. He was assigned to the Class-A Winter Haven Red Sox at the start of the 1973 season. With Winter Haven, he batted .264 with 73 hits, six doubles, and four triples in 99 games. In 1974, Delgado continued to play for the Winter Haven Red Sox. In 111 games, he batted .264 with 44 runs, 96 hits, one doubles, five triples, and 27 runs batted in (RBIs). Delgado was tied for first on the Red Sox in triples. Delgado continued at the Class-A level in 1975, this time with the Winston-Salem Red Sox of the Carolina League. He batted .257 with 100 hits, 11 doubles, four triples, and one home run in 104 games. Delgado split the 1976 season between the Class-A Winston-Salem Red Sox and the Triple-A Rhode Island Red Sox. With Winston-Salem, he batted .294 with 143 hits, 21 doubles, six triples, and seven home runs in 122 games. He led the Carolina League in hits, and was fifth in batting average. That season, he also played two games with the Rhode Island Red Sox and got one hit (a double) in two at-bats.
Seattle Mariners.
Despite playing in the Boston Red Sox organization in 1977, he was selected by the Seattle Mariners in the 1976 Major League Baseball expansion draft. In 1977, Delgado began the season with the Triple-A Pawtucket Red Sox. He batted .281 with 73 runs, 132 hits, 20 doubles, five triples, seven home runs, 53 RBIs, 18 stolen bases, and 12 caught stealing in 119 games. Delgado led the Red Sox in runs, stolen bases, and caught stealing. After spring training in 1977, Delgado was optioned to the minor leagues. He made his major league debut that season on September 6. In that game against the Kansas City Royals he struck out in his first at-bat. Delgado's first hit, a single, came against the Texas Rangers on September 9. He finished his first and last major league season with four hits, four runs, in 23 at-bats. In 1978, Delgado continued playing in the Seattle Mariners organization. With the Triple-A San Jose Missions, Delgado batted .252 with 83 runs, 136 hits, 19 doubles, seven triples, two home runs, 49 RBIs, and 49 stolen bases in 136 games. He led the Missions in games played, triples, and stolen bases that season.
Later career.
In Delgado's final season, 1979, he played for two different organizations. On March 20, 1979, Delgado was traded to the Chicago Cubs for Larry Cox. Delgado was assigned to the Triple-A Wichita Aeros in the Cubs organization. With the Aeros, he batted .159 with 13 hits, four doubles, and one triple in 19 games. Delgado then joined the Kansas City Royals organization later that season and was assigned to the Triple-A Omaha Royals. In 17 games with the Omaha club, he batted .224 with 11 hits, and one double. 1979 would prove to be Delgado's final season in professional baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="19250249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250249" title="Viger (Surrey cricketer)">
Viger (Surrey cricketer)

Viger (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey and he made 4 known appearances in first-class matches from 1808 to 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="19250278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250278" title="Psallentes">
Psallentes

Psallentes ("those who sing") is a Gregorian chant ensemble founded in 2000 and based in Leuven, Belgium.
Members.
Psallentes consists of singers Conor Biggs, Lieven Deroo, Pieter Coene, Paul Schils and Philippe Souvagie and is directed by Hendrik Vanden Abeele.
Psallentes has a lifelong association with early music ensembles Capilla Flamenca and Millenarium, with whom they made several recordings.
In 2007, Hendrik Vanden Abeele founded Psallentes Femina ("Psallentes Ladies"), consisting of Sarah Abrams, Helen Cassano, Lieselot De Wilde, Rozelien Nys, Rein Van Bree, Kerlijne Van Nevel and Veerle Van Roosbroeck.
Repertoire.
Psallentes focuses on Late Medieval and Renaissance plainsong and related polyphony. From careful investigation and extensive use of original manuscripts, Psallentes gather evidence on how this music was performed. Hendrik Vanden Abeele's research at the University of Leiden focuses on the thorny and controversial problem of rhythm, memory as the major requisite for a good singer of chant, and the voice as a research tool. Interactions between research and performance result in ‘authentic’ as well as more present-day interpretations of plainsong.

</doc>
<doc id="19250280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250280" title="Savers (UK)">
Savers (UK)

Savers Health & Beauty (founded in 1988 as Savers Drugstores) is a discount chain based in the UK retailing a variety of health, beauty, household goods and medicines, alongside a range of fine fragrances. 
History.
The company gradually expanded throughout the 1990s before acquiring the 100-strong Supersave chain of drugstores from GHEA. The company grew to 176 stores before being sold to A.S. Watson, the retail and manufacturing arm of Hutchison Whampoa, the Hong Kong-based conglomerate in 2000.
Subsequently, A.S. Watson acquired Kruidvat BV, the owner of the Superdrug chain. Following this, many Savers stores were converted to the Superdrug format. 
The company is based in Dunstable near Luton; the home office building doubles as one of A.S. Watson UK's large distribution centre's serving Savers, Superdrug, and The Perfume Shop. Customer service operations are based at Superdrug's head office in Croydon, Surrey, while and the company's registered office is Hutchinson House, Battersea, London.
Savers currently operates 248 stores nationwide. These stores are characterised by their simple, clean, and modern style.
Savers operates a "mega-discount" pricing platform; this has seen the company voted the best value health and beauty retailer by retail analyst Verdict in 2005 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19250284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250284" title="Experience sampling method">
Experience sampling method

In psychometrics, the experience sampling method is a research methodology that asks participants to stop at certain times and make notes of their experience in real time. The point is for them to record temporal things like feelings while in the moment (right then, not later; right there, not elsewhere). They can be given a journal with many identical pages. Each page can have a psychometric scale, open-ended questions, or anything else used to assess their condition in that place and time. The method was developed by Larson and Csikszentmihalyi.
There are different ways to signal participants when to take notes in their journal, like using preprogrammed stopwatches. An observer can have an identically programmed stopwatch (the Timex Data Link USB is easy to program for this with a PC), so the observer can record specific events as the participants are recording their feelings or other behaviors. It is best to avoid letting subjects know in advance when they will record their feelings, so they can't anticipate the event, and will just be "acting naturally" when they stop and take notes on their current condition.
Validity in these studies comes from repetition, so you can look for patterns like participants reporting greater happiness right after meals. These correlations can then be tested by other means for cause and effect, since ESM just shows correlation.
Software and related tools.
Several commercial and open source systems are available to help researchers to run ESM studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19250299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250299" title="Henri Garcin">
Henri Garcin

Henri Garcin (born 11 April 1929) is a Belgian film actor. He has appeared in more than 100 films since 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19250331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250331" title="Fiji at the Paralympics">
Fiji at the Paralympics

Fiji first competed at the Summer Paralympic Games in 1964, sending a single athlete to compete in weightlifting, then missed out on two consecutive Games before returning in 1976, with a larger delegation of eight competitors in swimming and athletics. The country was then absent for four more consecutive Games, returning to the Paralympics in 1996 with two competitors in athletics. Fiji has participated in every subsequent edition of the Summer Games.
Fiji Islanders won their first medal, a gold, at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, in the Men's High Jump F42. It was won by Iliesa Delana, the country's flag bearer and sole representative. It was the first gold medal ever won by a Pacific Island athlete at the Paralympics or at the Olympics, and only the second ever Paralympic medal won by a Pacific Island athlete (following Francis Kompaon's silver in sprinting for Papua New Guinea in 2008).
Fiji has never taken part in the Winter Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19250340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250340" title="Academy of Environmental Science">
Academy of Environmental Science

The Academy of Environmental Science (AES) is a charter school in Crystal River, Citrus County, Florida, a part of the Citrus County School District. The Academy is located on Fort Island, near Fort Island Gulf Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="19250343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250343" title="Channel 10 – Mar del Plata">
Channel 10 – Mar del Plata

LU82 TV Canal 10 de Mar del Plata is an Argentine private, over-the-air television station broadcasting from Mar del Plata, Buenos Aires, associated to Artear to broadcast Buenos Aires-based Canal 13 programs. Founded in 1966, the station currently produces its own newscast, plus some local entertainment and public affairs programming shown on weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="19250345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250345" title="Jim Salvati">
Jim Salvati

Jim Salvati is an American painter of Contemporary Figurative Fine Art. Works in the film industry as a Visual Concept Designer and Cinematic Artist. He is also in a select group of painters for Disney Fine Art.
With a prestigious list of clients that includes Disney, Warner Bros., Sony Pictures, Fox Pictures, Radio City Music Hall, Arena Stage, the Ahmanson Theater, Verve Records and won the Washington Post award of excellence for his work with the Kennedy Center Honorees.
He is also responsible for many of the memorable, finished paintings in the "Harry Potter" film series. In addition to all of this, Jim has also found the time to illustrate books The War of the Worlds, Art of War and Frankenstein. He teaches at the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, Pasadena, California.
Biography.
Jim Salvati was born in 1957 and has spent his whole life in Southern California. He comes from an artistic family—his mother painted, and his father filled the house with works by his favorite artists, of which there were many. Jim goes further: "I had two uncles that were artists, one a fine artist and the other an architect, and I always remember seeing their art and photography and was amazed at the beauty of what they had created." 
Due to his uncle's influence, Jim pursued a career in Architecture once out of high school. However, he soon learned that the field wasn't all it was cracked up to be:
"I learned that architecture was not as glamorous as I though it would be. An instructor noticed my frustration and saw that I could draw. He recommended that I take some drawing classes."
Shortly after this, Jim was accepted to the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California. 
Once out of school, Salvati's career took off. His unique style and unbridled talent, allowed him to hit the ground running, and Jim began painting for various industries: feature film, the surfing industry and print advertising.
Style.
Salvati chooses painting in oil:
"My paintings are extremely thick and layered. I love how experimental oil allows me to be. I can keep the colors moving until I like what they have done to the piece."
He describes his portraits as "painterly realism" in his 2007 interview with Art World News:
"I like the connection between people and their culture. The different emotions, gestures, moods, environments, and style of people in my life and those that I cross paths with, all become part of my storytelling. Even with my Disney art, I think it's important to show who a person or character is and what is the most interesting part of their life--that which is bold and has guts...that is why I choose the moodiest and edgiest figures to work on. Cult films like Alice in Wonderland are fun, Fantasia's hallucinating imagery, and any of the evil, dark queens and princesses help to create more than just a pretty picture." 

</doc>
<doc id="19250370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250370" title="No Ordinary World">
No Ordinary World

No Ordinary World is the seventeenth studio album by Joe Cocker, released on 9 September 1999 in Europe and on 22 August 2000 in USA. The US edition of the album features two bonus tracks and has different cover artwork. Notable songs on the album include a cover of Leonard Cohen's "First We Take Manhattan" and "She Believes in Me" co-written by Bryan Adams, who had also provided backing vocals for the song.
Track listing.
"Tracks 13–14 available only on US edition of the album. In Europe both songs were only released as B'sides to different singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19250382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250382" title="Randa Chahal Sabag">
Randa Chahal Sabag

Randa Chahal Sabag (also written Sabbag or Sabbagh), (born 11 December 1953, in Tripoli, Lebanon; died 25 August 2008 in Paris, France), was a Lebanese film director, producer and screen-writer born to an Iraqi mother and Lebanese father.
She died from cancer at the age of 54.
Themes.
Sabag began her career with documentary films but shifted to feature films by the 1990s, though she retained ‘a documentary-maker's nose for contentious subject matter’. She is reported to have said,“You discover in my films a common denominator. You notice that the camera only moves from right to left exactly like Arabic writing.”
Les Infidèles, a 1997 drama, is about the relationship between a French diplomat and a former Islamist who agrees to turn over the names of his colleagues if the French government will release an imprisoned friend. 
Civilisées (A Civilized People) released in 1999, is a black comedy about the Lebanese Civil War, which killed at least 100,000 people. Sabag deployed a ‘vaudevillian cast’ including foreign servants and philanthropists, visiting expatriates, militiamen and criminals - in a profane and disunified story mixing elements of absurdist plays. Some 40 minutes of the film was censored for its ‘obscenity’ and ‘uncomplimentary representation of Lebanon during this particularly unsavory spell of its history’. It was subsequently screened only once, at the Beirut International Film Festival.
Sabag became noted in 2003 with The Kite, which received the Silver Lion at the 2003 Venice Film Festival and won several prestigious prizes and international acclaim; the Grand Special Jury Prize, the Cinema for Peace Award and the Laterna Magica Prize. Set in a low-key South Lebanese village, the film is about love, life, death and the absurdity of the Israeli occupation, seen from the perspective of a Druze family separated following the division of their village into two with one half annexed to Israel. The story evolves around an arranged marriage between Lamia, a 16-year-old Lebanese Druze girl, (played by Flavia Bechara) and her Israeli Druze cousin (played by Maher Bsaibes). The drama unfolds under the vigilant yet impotent Israeli-Lebanese border guards; one of whom is played by renowned Lebanese composer, actor and playwright Ziad Rahbani. The Kite is used ‘as a metaphor for love and for life at the border’, it explores, with depth and sometimes humor, 'the meaning of brides, of the hope they represent for divided families and, sometimes, for divided nations'. 
In 2005, Sabag started a new project with the distinguished Lebanese-American Hollywood film-producer Elie Samaha. With the working title Too Bad for Them, the film is expected to combine comedy, music, dancing as well as politics, and North-South socio-economic disparities. However, the film was unreleased at the time of her death.

</doc>
<doc id="19250395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250395" title="String Quartets 1–3">
String Quartets 1–3

String Quartets 1–3 is a 1991 album by the Balanescu Quartet (Alexander Balanescu, Jonathan Carney, Kate Musker, and Tony Hinnigan) and the fifteenth release by Michael Nyman. It is the second album of his music (after "Out of the Ruins") on which he did not perform or conduct, though he does provide liner notes. "String Quartet No. 3" is built out of "Out of the Ruins" and became a fixture in numerous Nyman film scores in the 1990s.
The album was issued by Argo Records with two different covers. Decca Records reissued the album in the UK on July 8, 2002, as part of a The British Music Collection, giving it yet a third cover.
Nyman's four string quartets are the subject of chapter 7 in Pwyll ap Siôn's "The Music of Michael Nyman: Texts, Contexts, and Intertexts".
The album is the first of several recordings of the Nyman string quartets. The Lyric Quartet would also record String Quartets 2 and 3, and sections of "String Quartet No. 4" on "String Quartets 2, 3 & 4/If & Why" (2002). The Nyman Quartet (Musker and Hinnigan with violinists Gabrielle Lester and Catherine Thompson), according to the liner notes of "Acts of Beauty • Exit no Exit" (2006), is set to record all four some time in the future.
The album was reissued by MN Records with a new cover and liner notes in November 2012. This edition is subtitled "Chamber Music Vol. II". It is not the aforementioned rerecording.
String Quartet No. 1.
The "String Quartet No. 1" (1985) was commissioned by the Arditti Quartet. Nyman had attended a performance of Ludwig van Beethoven's "Grosse Fuge" by the group, and found it the most theatrical performance on a string quartet he had ever witnessed, performed as though Beethoven had been trying to break through the limitations of the string quartet to create an orchestral sound. The quartet was originally intended to be a "compendium" of string quartet literature, but he decided that two pieces from different eras were enough of a contrast. It is built out of three distinct and diverse pre-existing music sources: John Bull's "Walsingham Variations", Arnold Schoenberg's "String Quartet No. 2", and Alex North's "Unchained Melody". The use of Bull is an homage to his professor, Thurston Dart, who presented Nyman with the "Musica Britannica" edition of Bull's keyboard works as a graduation gift. "Walsingham" was a popular song in Bull's time, and Nyman's use of "Unchained Melody" (originally written for a 1955 prison film titled "Unchained" and famously covered by The Righteous Brothers, and the favorite song of Nyman's wife, Aet) is a contemporary equivalent. As noted by Pwyll Ap Siôn, "Unchained Melody" is musically related to "Walsingham", as its opening three-note pattern of C-D-E is a slight variation of the melody of "Walsingham". "Unchained Melody" enters in figure H (measure 274) over a bass line of variation 9 of "Walsingham" that previously appeared in figure E.
Schoenberg's "String Quartet No. 2" is notable in two ways: first, it broke with convention by adding a part for a soprano vocalist, and second, it broke away from the tonal language standard and paved the way for modernist music. Nyman incorporates the Schoenberg material beginning in figure B, and it does not return until figure I. The material Nyman uses is an eight-note (two-measure) phrase for the cello transcribed by Nyman for first violin. Siôn notes that Nyman compresses the nearly two-octave phrase into one octave. When it returns in figure I, Nyman has added tremolo, as well as syncopation more characteristic of his own style.
String Quartet No. 2.
"String Quartet No. 2" (1988) was commissioned for a dance work called "Miniatures", choreographed and performed by Shobana Jeyasingh, who dictated the rhythmic structure of the piece, based on the South Indian Bharata Natyam tradition. Melodically and harmonically, it is Western classical music, while structurally it is Karnatak music. The Balanescu Quartet performed this work with the original dance as well as adding it to their concert repertoire. "Miniatures" was renamed "Configurations" when Jeyasingh added two additional dancers to the choreography.
Each of the six movements are in different rhythms: the first movement is 4-beat, the second 5-beat, the third 6-beat, the fourth 7-beat, and the fifth, 9-beat (2+3+2+2). The sixth and final movement is in multiple cycles of the preceding beat patterns.
String Quartet No. 3.
"String Quartet No. 3" (1990), commissioned by Alexander Balanescu, is based on Romanian folk music, along with material from his choral work "Out of the Ruins", via a process Nyman describes as "translation." It affected much of Nyman's composition throughout the 1990s—riffs, in particular, a seven-note scalar ostinato, from it appear in "À la folie", "Carrington" (in which it was used as a temp track and ultimately was transformed into a theme for Lytton Strachey), "Practical Magic" (not used in the finished film), "The End of the Affair", and "The Claim". The translation is not as simple as it may sound, as Pwyll ap Siôn notes, the first violin has new melodic material higher than the highest notes of the soprano melody, which is largely for the second violin. In addition, he elides caesuras and makes use of the stringed instruments' ability to sustain far longer than a human voice. Among the passages new to the string quartet are measures 17-24, 125-126, and a cello part beginning at measure 63.
Some cause of the variation is that the quartet is a celebration of the fall of Nicolae Ceauşescu, whereas "Out of the Ruins" is an expression of the hopelessness after an earthquake. Siôn describes numerous places where the accents and descriptors of the work indicate a very different feeling and approach to the music, with the quartet being much more aggravated, while the choral work reflects sorrow without indignation.
Like the first String Quartet, the piece is a reflection of Nyman's postgraduate work with Thurston Dart, who sent him to Romania in 1965 to gather folk music. The Romanian folk melodies that have been added to "Out of the Ruins" were all gathered on that trip.
Track listing.
String Quartet No. 2

</doc>
<doc id="19250396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250396" title="Fiji at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Fiji at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Fiji competed at the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan. It was Fiji's first participation in the Paralympic Games. The country (a British colony at the time) was represented by a single athlete, who competed in weightlifting, and did not win a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19250420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250420" title="Jessieville, Arkansas">
Jessieville, Arkansas

Jessieville is an unincorporated community located in Garland County, Arkansas. It is next to the Hot Springs Village and Hot Springs itself. Highway 7 runs through the community, and Highway 298 is also inside of the town. The town has one school, which contains an elementary school, a middle school, and a high school all in one.
Education.
Public education for elementary and secondary school students is provided by the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19250428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250428" title="Fiji at the 1976 Summer Paralympics">
Fiji at the 1976 Summer Paralympics

Fiji competed at the 1976 Summer Paralympics in Toronto, Canada. Fiji was making its return to the Paralympic Games, having been absent since 1964. The country was represented by eight athletes competing in two sports: athletics and swimming. Fiji's representatives did not win any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19250459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250459" title="Bingham (surname)">
Bingham (surname)

Bingham is a surname of English origin. People surnamed Bingham include:
Aristocrats:
Publishers:
Military men:
Missionaries:
Politicians:
Film industry workers:
Sport:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="19250461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250461" title="St Mary's Church, East Leake">
St Mary's Church, East Leake

St. Mary's Church, East Leake is a parish church in the Church of England in East Leake, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church dates from the Norman period but has substantial later medieval work. Until the fourteenth century, the church was dedicated to St. Leonard, but the church was re-dedicated to St. Mary who was more popular.
After the chancel collapsed in the nineteenth century, a major restoration was carried out in 1886 by W. S. Weatherley.
Stained Glass.
There are stained glass windows by Charles Eamer Kempe, James Powell and Sons and Heaton, Butler and Bayne.
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ by Ingram built in 1914. The specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Bells.
The church has six bells.
Current parish status.
It is in a group of parishes which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19250462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250462" title="Fiji at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Fiji at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Fiji competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. Fiji was making its return to the Paralympic Games, having been absent since 1976. The country was represented by two athletes, Elia Sarisoso and Joseva Verivou, both competing in track and field. Neither won any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19250464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250464" title="Pakistan Amateur Radio Society">
Pakistan Amateur Radio Society

The Pakistan Amateur Radio Society (PARS) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Pakistan. PARS operates a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular contact with amateur radio operators in other countries, and supports amateur radio operating awards and radio contests. The Pakistan Amateur Radio Society represents the interests of Pakistani amateur radio operators before national and international regulatory authorities. PARS is the national member society representing Pakistan in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19250465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250465" title="Nichlas Falk">
Nichlas Falk

Per Nichlas Falk (born 3 February 1971) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey player, currently assistant coach for Djurgårdens IF of the Swedish Elitserien (SEL) league.
Falk played almost his entire career with the Djurgården team in the Elitserien. He won two Swedish Championships (2000, 2001) with the club before he officially announced his retirement as a player on April 19, 2011. In the years 2000, 2001 and 2004 he had the best face-off winning percentage in the entire league's regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="19250479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250479" title="Rafael J. Salvia">
Rafael J. Salvia

Rafael J. Salvia (1915 – 21 June 1976) was a Spanish screenwriter and film director. He wrote for 81 films between 1950 and 1976. He also directed 21 films between 1953 and 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19250504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250504" title="Libby Clegg">
Libby Clegg

Elizabeth "Libby" Clegg (born 24 March 1990 in Bollington, Cheshire) is a professional disability runner for Scotland and Great Britain. She represented Great Britain in the T12 100 m and 200 m at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, winning a silver medal in the T12 100 m race.
Career history.
Clegg has a deteriorating eye condition known as Stargardt’s Macular Dystrophy disease giving her only slight peripheral vision in her left eye – she is registered blind. In January 2011, she competed in the IPC World Athletic Championships. Whilst there she took a bronze in the 200m. Clegg is a Paralympic silver medallist and current World Champion in the T12 100m and 200m sprints. Despite this she has achieved an amazing amount for such a young athlete and was one of the major success stories from the recent IPC World Championships in New Zealand and IBSA World Championships in Turkey. 
In June 2012, Clegg won the 100m and 200m at the IPC Athletics European Championships.
Clegg won silver at the London Paralympics on 2 September 2012 in the T12 100m. Clegg and guide Mikhail Huggins broke the European record in the final.
In October 2012, Clegg won "Para Athlete of the Year" at the Scottishathletics awards. Fellow GB Paralympian David Weir presented her with the award.
Clegg is currently sponsored by the property marketing business ESPC. Clegg participated in work experience for ESPC in 2008 during her time at The Royal Blind School.
Her brother James also competed in the pool in the S12 category at London 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19250515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250515" title="Chisi Island">
Chisi Island

Chisi Island is a small island in the middle of Lake Chilwa. Lake Chilwa is the second largest lake in Malawi. The natives of the island have a wide knowledge of forest and lake usage. There are a few fortified sanctuaries built into the island's hills. Chisi Island is home to Mchenga, a large tree much wider than two humans standing side by side. Chisi Island is sometimes referred to as the most remote location in Malawi. 

</doc>
<doc id="19250518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250518" title="Channel 7 – Santiago del Estero">
Channel 7 – Santiago del Estero

LW81 Canal 7 de Santiago del Estero is an Argentine private, over-the-air television station broadcasting from Santiago del Estero as a Telefe affiliate. Founded in 1962, it was the second station in the country to start broadcasting in color (Canal 7 Argentina was the first). Currently, it shows most of the network's programs, aside from the weekend cartoons which are preempted as the station doesn't start weekend programming until noon. It also chooses not to show one or two primetime shows, instead showing local interest programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19250531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250531" title="Ronnie Pettersson">
Ronnie Pettersson

Ronnie Pettersson (born March 6, 1971) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player. Pettersson mostly played with Djurgårdens IF in the Swedish Elitserien and Huddinge IK in the lower divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="19250537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250537" title="Mario Arcelli">
Mario Arcelli

Mario Ugo Arcelli (born Milan, May 21, 1935, died Rome, March 18, 2004) was an Italian economist who at one time was Minister for the Budget in the Italian government.
Early life and education.
His family originated from Piacenza.
His bond with economic studies started with the degree he got in 1957 from Bocconi University, Milan, being awarded top marks and distinction.
Academic career.
In the following years Arcelli was assistant researcher in the same university. In 1963 he became professor at the University of Trieste, and in 1967 he became full professor in Economics. From 1969 to 1973 he took the chair of Economics at the University of Padua, leaving for a one-year visiting period at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.) of Boston (USA). In 1974 he became full professor of economics at the La Sapienza University in Rome, where he served for about fifteen years, until 1989, and directed the Department of Economics between the late 1970s and early 1980s.
In 1989 he started teaching at LUISS (then LUISS Guido Carli) university of Rome, becoming chancellor in 1992 and remaining in that position until his retirement in 2002. In October 2003 he was appointed to the honorary post of professor emeritus by the university.
Mario Arcelli was appointed in 1995 member of the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei, one of the world most important academic institutions. He was also deputy chairman of the Italian Economic Society (S.I.E.) and member of the board of the Istituto per la Enciclopedia Italiana. From 1979 until his death, he was editor of the "Review of Economic Conditions in Italy".
Government adviser and minister.
Arcelli was for a decade one of the main economic advisors of Italian governments, serving as Head of the Economic Affairs Department at the office of the Prime Minister between 1981 and 1983 (during Fanfani V and Spadolini I and II cabinets). He was also economic advisor of the Prime Minister in 1987 (Fanfani VI cabinet) and 1988-89 (De Mita cabinet). In those roles he was part of the Italian delegation to five G7 summits, held in Versailles, Williamsburg, Venice, Toronto and Paris.
In February 1996 he became Minister for the Budget, Economic Planning and European Affairs, during the Italian six-month turn as president of the European Union. In this role he chaired the Ecofin summit in Venice (May 1996) and continued the process that led, two years afterwards, to the birth of the euro.
Between the late 1970s and early 1980s, he was a member of several government committees, and acted as advisor of the Bank of Italy. He also was member of the scientific advisory committee of Confindustria (the association of Italian industrialists) and of several committees of the Italian Ministry of the Budget and Economic Planning.
Arcelli held a number of corporate and business appointments. He was member of the board of directors of ENI, the Italian oil group (1980–82), deputy chairman of Banco di Roma (1986-1992), member of the board of directors RAS SpA (1998-2004), of the Società per la Bonifica dei Terreni Ferraresi (1995-2004), of Pininfarina SpA (1995-2002) and of Italcementi SpA (1998-2004).
At the Christmas 2001 mass in St Peter's, Rome, Arcelli read the address to Pope John Paul II, as representative of the Italian universities.
Family.
In 1967 he married Maria Gabriella Legrenzi and they had two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19250541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250541" title="Fiji at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Fiji at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Fiji competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. The country was represented by four athletes competing in three sports. No Fiji Islander won any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19250559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250559" title="Antonius Mathijsen">
Antonius Mathijsen

Antonius Mathijsen (November 4, 1805–June 15, 1878) was a Dutch army surgeon who first used plaster of paris to fixate broken bones.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Antonius Mathijsen was born November 4, 1805 to a village physician in Budel, a Dutch town on the Belgian border. He was educated at hospitals in Maastricht, Brussels and the army medical school in Utrecht.
Career.
He received his commission as medical officer 3d class in the Royal Netherlands Army in 1828. In 1838 he participated in the 10 day war of Belgian Revolution.
While working at military hospital Haarlem Mathijsen in 1851 first used plaster of paris as a bandage. He discovered that a bandage soaked in water and plaster of paris hardened within a few minutes and thus made a good fixation for broken bones. He published his findings in a Dutch medical magazine "Repertorium" in February 1852.
He retired from the army in 1868 as first medical officer first class (Lieutenant Colonel).
Death and afterward.
Mathijsen died June 15, 1878, aged 72, in Hamont.
Memorial monuments are located in both Budel and Hamont. The last Dutch army hospital in Utrecht was named after Dr Mathijsen until the army hospital merged with the navy hospital in the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19250571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250571" title="Fling (film)">
Fling (film)

Fling, internationally titled Lie to Me, is an independent film about a couple navigating the hazards of an open relationship. It is the feature directorial debut of director John Stewart Muller and stars Brandon Routh, Steve Sandvoss, Courtney Ford, Nick Wechsler, Shoshana Bush and Ellen Hollman. It is the first feature from Santa Monica-based Steele Films and was written and produced by John Stewart Muller and his partner Laura Boersma.
"Fling" features Brandon Routh in his first lead role since "Superman Returns". It premiered to a sold out crowd at the 2008 Newport Beach Film Festival on April 26 in the Lido Theater on the Balboa Peninsula. The film received an award for "Outstanding Achievement in Filmmaking" from the festival's jury.
"Fling" had its official Los Angeles premiere on October 18th at the Fine Arts Theatre on Wilshire Blvd. as part of the 2008 LA Femme Film Festival.
Shortly thereafter, it had its completely sold out East Coast premiere on November 7 at the 2008 Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival. One week later on November 14, "Fling" had its Midwest premiere at the Screenland Theatre in the Crossroads District of Kansas City, Missouri which kicked off a month-long run at the theater.
"Fling" had its international premiere at the 2008 Bahamas International Film Festival on December 5, 2008. North American distribution is being handled by Peace Arch Entertainment and the DVD was released on March 24, 2009.
Plot.
By all appearances, Samantha (Courtney Ford) and Mason (Steve Sandvoss) are the picture perfect couple: young, attractive, successful, and madly in love. At her sister Allison’s (Ellen Hollman) idyllic spring wedding, Samantha, a twenty-something fashion designer, finds herself irresistibly drawn back into the arms of her ex-boyfriend, James (Brandon Routh), a surprise wedding guest. Meanwhile, Mason, a published novelist just shy of thirty, spends a flirtatious evening culminating in a steamy hot tub encounter with his best friend Luke’s (Nick Wechsler) 18-year-old sister, Olivia (Shoshana Bush). Carefully sneaking out of James’s room, Sam is startled by Mason and confesses her affair. But Mason’s reaction is not quite what is expected.
So begins "Fling". This twist on the classic love story addresses concerns that every couple must deal with: honesty, jealousy, commitment, maturity, understanding and ultimately the capacity for love.
Cast.
The supporting cast includes Mousa Kraish, Deborah Rush, Tamar Kaprelian, Diana Newton, and Joshua C. Hunt.
Production.
"Fling" features original music by Nick Urata, the frontman for the band DeVotchKa, whose work on the "Little Miss Sunshine" soundtrack resulted in a Grammy nomination.
The film was shot in and around Kansas City, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19250582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250582" title="Fiji at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Fiji at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Fiji competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. The country was represented by two athletes competing in two sports. No Fiji Islander won any medals.
Sarote Ravai Fiu was the first woman ever to compete for Fiji at the Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19250614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250614" title="Rick Seibold">
Rick Seibold

Rick Seibold ( ; born April 16, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter from Wilmington, North Carolina, now based in Los Angeles, CA. Seibold has received considerable recognition as an independent recording artist from his debut record "That's the Day". He has worked with artists such as Lee DeWyze, David Archuleta, Katelyn Tarver, Kat DeLuna, and Alex Lambert.
Background.
Rick Seibold grew up on the East Coast in Wilmington, North Carolina. His music career began around age 10 when he appeared in the film The Road to Wellville as John Harvey Kellogg's son, played by Anthony Hopkins. Seibold sung the Christmas classic Silent Night in the flashbacks of the film. He started playing the guitar at age 15 and began writing songs soon after. Seibold states, "I began surfing earlier that summer, so naturally, images of life at the ocean seeped their way into my songs. Not long after I started playing, me and some friends started writing and recording together." He was also an accomplished wrestler. His career eventually garnered him an invitation to the United States Olympic Training Center before attending the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill as a varsity wrestler.
2006–2008: "That's the Day (EP)".
In the winter of 2004 Seibold began recording his first EP, "That's the Day". "I never even intended to release those recordings, I did them in my friend's bedroom," recalls Seibold, "but after some convincing from a friend, I decided to put them up on iTunes."
"That's the Day" logged over twelve weeks in the iTunes Top 100 Pop Charts in early 2007. What's even more impressive is that Seibold accomplished this without a record company. The album's success came on the back of viral internet sites like MySpace and Facebook, and has been fueled by the enthusiasm of his young fans. Rick's internet fan base flocked to him for his fun, easy going Jack Johnson or Colbie Caillat-like sound and lyrics inspired by his upbringing on the beaches of Wilmington, North Carolina. "It really comes down to people loving the music and then passing it on to their friends," Seibold says. "That's how this whole thing grew so fast."
"Rick Seibold presents songs about love, learning and coming of age with a knack for smart and often catchy melodies... it's sure to make any young female listener swoon," says Alyssa Rashbaum (MTV, Spin, Vibe).
In June 2008, Rick appeared in Southwest Airline's Spirit Magazine as part of a feature on Nashville based songwriters. And later that year he interviewed and performed an early version of "Thrift Store Gypsy" for Seventeen Magazine. He also followed John Mayer's footsteps by performing at the Pennsbury High School Senior Prom in May 2008.
"You know, I hope my music will be something comfortable for anyone listening to it," Seibold said in a recent interview. "Whether you're in the middle of a New York City blizzard or a Seattle rain, I hope you can put on my record and it'll make you feel like summer time."
Commercial reception.
In the first half of 2008, "That's the Day" spent twelve weeks in the iTunes Top 100 Pop Charts, putting Seibold's first record among the top selling independent albums in the first two quarters of 2008, selling nearly 25,000 units in that time and reaching as high as #27 on January 26. In addition, "That's the Day" reached as high as #3 in Canada, and #18 in the United Kingdom.
"2009–2012: New York".
Seibold released his 2nd EP in April 2009 entitled "New York". It was recorded over a four month period during the fall and winter months of 2008 in Nashville, TN. After spending more than two months experimenting in his own studio in Nashville, Rick worked with indie producer Cason Cooley (Derek Webb, Katie Herzig) to help finish the record. "New York" is his most polished album to date, and marks a significant step from the acoustic simplicity of "That's the Day". When asked about the marked difference between the two discs, Seibold replied "I wanted to make a record that captured my experience of living in the bustling city of New York". Seibold released an album of acoustic b-sides and demos on August 28, 2009 appropriately entitled "Acoustic New York". Shortly after its release Seibold made the move to Los Angeles, CA.
On November 24, 2009, Seibold released a Christmas single to iTunes entitled "Why Won't It Snow Here". It was remastered and released again on iTunes in late 2013. He also frequently appeared as a house guest of Justin Gaston in the 2010 web-based If I Can Dream (series). Many of his songs have appeared on television and film. The song "My Best" was featured on MTV's The Challenge in March 2012. As a much sought after producer and songwriter, he began writing with artists such as David Archuleta and Alex Lambert.
Commercial reception.
"New York" made its debut at #17 on the iTunes Pop Charts.
"2013: Summertime Tonight and Beautiful World".
Rick launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise funding for "Summertime Tonight", released on October 1, 2013. The set of 7 songs was written and recorded in Los Angeles, CA over a three year period. He also released a documentary later that month about the recording process called "Beautiful World", which was shot over a 2 year period while living and touring out of Los Angeles, CA. He has continued to write and collaborate with various artists, and in 2013 he wrote and produced the song "Stay Away" on American Idol winner Lee DeWyze's album "Frames", which made its debut at #116 on the Billboard 200 Album Chart and #38 on the Rock Chart.
Commercial reception.
"Summertime Tonight" become Rick's third album to date to break into the iTunes charts, peaking at #113 in its week of release.

</doc>
<doc id="19250625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250625" title="Ludwigshöhe (mountain)">
Ludwigshöhe (mountain)

The Ludwigshöhe is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. It is situated near the Dufourspitze in the Monte Rosa Massif. The summit is the tripoint between Valais, Aosta Valley and Piedmont.

</doc>
<doc id="19250635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250635" title="Stefan Bemström">
Stefan Bemström

Stefan Bemström (born 1 March 1972) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey who mostly played with the Södertälje SK team in the Swedish Elitserien league.

</doc>
<doc id="19250646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250646" title="Imar of Tusculum">
Imar of Tusculum

Imar (died at Cluny on October 28, 1161) was a French cardinal. 
He entered the Benedictine order of the Congregation of Cluny in the monastery of Saint-Martin des Champes in Paris; for a some time, he was a monk at Cluny. Later, he became abbot of the monastery S. Maria Nuova in the diocese of Poitiers. He was a friend of St. Bernard of Clairvaux, who mentioned him in his letters. He was created Cardinal-Bishop of Tusculum (Frascati) by Pope Innocent II in the consistory celebrated in 1142 and received the episcopal consecration from that pope in the Lateran Basilica in March of that year. He participated in the papal elections of September 1143, March 1144, July 1153 and December 1154, and subscribed the papal bulls issued between April 19, 1142 and February 18, 1159. He served as papal legate in England in the pontificate of Pope Lucius II (1144–1145). He became Dean of the Sacred College of Cardinals in 1153. After the double papal election, 1159 he joined the obedience of Antipope Victor IV and consecrated him to the episcopate in the abbey of Farfa on October 4, 1159 with the assistance of the bishops Ubaldo of Ferentino and Riccardo of Melfi. He was deposed by the legitimate Pope Alexander III. He participated in the schismatic Council of Pavia in February 1160, which anathematized Alexander III. Then he retired to the abbey of Cluny and died there.

</doc>
<doc id="19250659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250659" title="Mirta Miller">
Mirta Miller

Mirta Miller (born 16 August 1948) is an Argentine film actress. She has appeared in over 65 films since 1961. She was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19250665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250665" title="Chris Batton">
Chris Batton

Christopher Sean Batton (born August 24, 1954) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played part of one season in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics.
Batton was drafted by the Athletics in the 12th round of the 1972 Major League Baseball Draft, and pitched in their organization through his major league debut in September 1976. He pitched two games for the A's with no decisions. The following spring he was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates, and never pitched in the major leagues again.
Batton's twin brother John pitched briefly in the minor leagues in the Minnesota Twins organization in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19250668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250668" title="Papua New Guinea at the Paralympics">
Papua New Guinea at the Paralympics

Papua New Guinea first competed at the Summer Paralympic Games in 1984, sending a delegation of four athletes to compete in track and field, then missed out on three consecutive Games before returning in 2000, with two athletes in track and field and one in powerlifting. Papua New Guinea was absent again in 2004, and returned for its third competition in 2008.
Francis Kompaon won Papua New Guinea's first ever Paralympic or Olympic medal when he took silver in the 100 metre sprint, T46 category, at the 2008 Games. He finished 0.05 seconds behind gold medal winner Heath Francis, of Australia. 
Papua New Guinea has never taken part in the Winter Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19250698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250698" title="South African Wars (1879–1915)">
South African Wars (1879–1915)

Ethnic, political and social tensions among European colonial powers, indigenous Africans, and English and Dutch settlers led to open conflict in a series of wars and revolts between 1879 and 1915 that would have lasting repercussions on the entire region of southern Africa. Pursuit of commercial empire as well as individual aspirations, especially after the discovery of gold (1886) and diamonds (1867), were key factors driving these developments.
Territory.
As European powers– particularly Dutch Boers and the British – began to claim parts of southern Africa, it became apparent that to gain and maintain their "elite world status" they must expand. From the time these imperial powers formed their original colonies, relationships and boundaries became exceedingly more complex, affecting not only themselves, but even the indigenous peoples and the land itself. By 1880, there were four dominant European regions: the Cape Colony and Natal by the Anglo-colonists, and the Transvaal (South African Republic) and Orange Free State by the Dutch Boers. These colonies and their political leaders were the most important and influential of the time, and all were eventually dissolved into the singular Union of South Africa in May 1910.
Cape Colony.
The Cape Colony was founded by the Dutch East India Company in 1652. In 1795, it was taken over by the British, who then officially declared possession in 1806. At this time, the Cape Colony encompassed and was populated by about 25,000 Dutch, German and French colonists. The gain of this colony by the British was strategic – ensuring that other European Nations could not have it and having access to important trading routes – and was originally thought to be temporary. The area was expanded in several ways over the next century. As Trekboers moved outward, they claimed new lands. By 1871, they had gained Natal as well as reaching the Orange River, marking the northern boundary. At this time, the Cape began annexing surrounding regions: Basutoland, 1871–1884; Griqualand East, 1874; Griqualand West, 1880; and Southern Bechuanaland, 1895. At the end of the South African Wars, the Cape Province, Natal, Orange Free State and the Transvaal were united. The Cape Colony became a member of the Union of South Africa in 1910, and today is one of the nine provinces of South Africa.
Transvaal.
The Boer founded Transvaal, occupying the land north of the Vaal River. Transvaal often sought to expand. For instance, Transvaal intended to stretch east to the Indian Ocean by way of the Delegoa Bay before the British claimed the land). In 1877, with the Transvaal crumbling under Boer rule, they had to cede to Theophilus Shepstone and the British in exchange for a small pension. They could not have fought back, or chosen any other alternative. The British defeating local natives to secure more land in 1879 only gave the Boers less competition to worry about and enabled them to focus on retaking the Transvaal. In 1881, through the First Boer War, power was regained by the Boers, though any possibility of expansion and alliance was blocked by the British. With the discovery of diamonds around 1885 in Griqualand, West Transvaal struggled with the Cape and the Free State for land, but to no avail. In 1910, the Transvaal was annexed by the Union of South Africa.
Orange Free State.
By the beginning of the South African Wars, the Orange Free State was independently ruled by the Boers. The Free State's boundaries were defined almost entirely by rivers: the Orange River on the south, the Vaal River on the west and north, and the Caledon River on the east. The northeastern boundary was shared with its British neighbour, Natal. The Caledon boundary was disputed by the Boers and Moshoeshoe I's Sotho people in two primary incidents – in 1858 and 1865. Other than "outsider groups" like the Sotho, there were few indigenous peoples in the Free State area.
In the 1870s the Free State Boers began moving into Griqualand West in search of farmland, pushing the Griqua out. They did not officially incorporate the land. In 1890, there were approximately 77,000 whites and 128,000 Africans (many were servants working on white farms). In 1900, Bloemfontein, the capital, came under British domination. In 1910, the Free State joined the Union of South Africa.
Natal.
Natal is positioned on the Indian Ocean coast of southern Africa, just northeast of the Cape Colony. Home to the indigenous Nguni and later the Zulu, the region of Natal played a key role in European colonisation. First called the Natalia Republic, the territory was set up in 1839, by Boer Voortrekkers on their "Great Trek", fleeing the Cape English. When the British established the colony four years later– as a strategic land gain – the border was extended to the Tugela and Buffalo Rivers. In 1897, Zululand, to the north, was annexed into the independent (as of 1856) region. The land became part of the Union in 1910. It is now known as Kwazulu-Natal, a province of South Africa.
Basutoland.
The land of indigenous Khoi Khoi and Sotho people, Basutoland was positioned between the Cape Colony, Orange Free State and Natal. Basutoland was annexed into Britain in 1868 as Moshoeshoe I, King of the Sotho, was afraid of Free State (Boer) encroachers. Three years later it was given to the Cape Colony. In 1884, it was given back to the British – a result of the Gun War – and left under indigenous rule with the intent of exploiting its agricultural benefits. In 1910, still under British rule, attempts to incorporate it into the Union of South Africa failed. In disagreement, Basutoland became one of three colonies left outside of the Union (also Bechuanaland and Swaziland). Today, Basutoland is a small independent nation called Lesotho, engulfed by South Africa.
Bechuanaland.
Following the Bechuanaland Expedition of 1884-85, Bechuanaland was settled by Britain in 1885, the northern area becoming the Protectorate and the southern area, the Crown Colony. This region was constructed between German Southwest Africa and the Transvaal as a strategic attempt to prevent the combining of those two colonies, thereby allowing them access to the Great North Road. Along with the annexation of the Crown Colony in 1895, Cecil Rhodes pushed hard for the northern Protectorate, but was protested by indigenous Tswana chiefs who successfully convinced the British otherwise. This region is present day Botswana, having gained its independence in 1966.
The Griqualands.
There are two Griqualands – West and East – both founded by the Griqua people moving out of the Cape Colony due mainly to racial discrimination. The Griqua, a Khoi Khoi tribe, moved north to lands just north of the Cape, east of southern Bechuanaland, and west of the Orange Free State, being led by Adam Kok I. This new land was established as Griqualand West by Andries Waterboer. When diamonds were discovered in the area, an influx of Whites overwhelmed the Griqua, leading to their 1871 annexation, and forcing 2000 Griqua to trek east from 1871–1872. Eventually they established Griqualand East in 1873, only to be annexed the following year by Britain. Griqualand East was positioned between the Cape Colony and Natal on the eastern coast. At this point the whites considered the Griqua as part of the bigger Coloureds group.
Other Political Entities.
Swaziland, Zululand, Portuguese East Africa, German Southwest Africa, Matabeleland (now Zimbabwe).
Military Conflicts.
Anglo-Zulu War, (1879).
Foreign settlers first came into conflict with the Zulu in the 1830s as they began expanding into Zulu territory. For the majority of the next 40+ years, there was a tentative peace among the British and the Zulu. The Boer/Zulu relationship continued to be one of great friction from the Battle of Blood River in 1838 to Boer incursions and infiltration of land recognised by the British to belong to the Zulu leading into the 1860s. The British supported the Zulu cause against the Boers and supported the Zulu leader Cetshwayo during his coronation in 1873. Cetshwayo assumed this support would continue when the British took control of the Transvaal in 1877. However, the British proved to care more about placating the Boers than they did concerning themselves with the Zulu priorities. When the Zulu began pressuring them, the British under Sir Theophilus Shepstone, the Natal Secretary for Native Affairs, turned against the Zulu and Shepstone began cabling London that Cetshwayo's regime needed to be removed and Zululand annexed.
In July 1878, High Commissioner Henry Bartle Frere, using Shepstone's assurance, began claiming that Natal was threatened by a possible Zulu invasion and pushed for war despite London's desire for patience and doing everything to prevent war. The lack of a continuous line of communication from London to South Africa enabled Frere and Shepstone to push their agenda faster than London could react. Frere felt that the technological advantage of Lord Chelmsford’s British army would bring a quick end to the conflict. Frere provoked war with an ultimatum to Cetshwayo that he knew would be unacceptable. He demanded the immediate disbanding of the Zulu army and abolishment of the Zulu military system in 30 days to remove Cetshwayo's base of power. Chelmsford crossed the Blood River on 11 January 1879 with 4,700 men and set up camp at Isandlwana. They neglected any defensive formations around their camp due to Chelmsford's feelings that a Zulu assault was unlikely. He took the main part of his force from camp on 22 January to sweep the countryside, and while he was out, the Zulu surrounded the remaining forces at Isandlwana and slaughtered the majority of the British troops who had remained. It was one of the worst defeats in the history of the British Army.
The shock of the British defeat led to a desire of the British to crush the Zulu and dismantle their nation. After five months of fighting, the British used their technological advantage as a vast force multiplier and destroyed Cetshwayo's last remaining forces at the Battle of Ulundi. The British brought in General Sir Garnet Wolseley as a new proconsul to wrap up the "native problems" surrounding the Boer Transvaal.
The First Boer War (or First South African War)(1880–1881).
The British success in removing much of the "native problem" from the borders of the Boer Transvaal had unintended adverse consequences. The removal of British focus from its Boer issues allowed the Boers to concentrate on the continued British control of the Transvaal. General Wolseley was openly against any notion of Boer independence and issued statements that gatherings in protest of the British rule could lead to prosecution for treason. The Boers continued to push for their independence, to the point that the Boer leader Paul Kruger, who had initially preached caution against rushing to fight, began accepting that war was inevitable 96–98.
In spite of the growing signs of conflict, Wolseley recommended the reduction of British garrisons in the region. Continued British indifference to Boer protests and increasing demands placed on the Boers triggered an all-out rebellion in late 1880. The issue that finally brought the conflict to a head was the seizure of a farm wagon over tax dues. The Boers held that the British seizure was illegal because they had never recognised the annexation of the Transvaal. 5,000 Boers assembled at a farm on 8 December and began deliberating a course of action. On 13 December they proclaimed the Transvaal's independence and intent to establish a republican government, raising the Vierkleur, the old republican flag, and beginning the "war of independence." This war had very little in the way of large-scale conflicts. The first was a Boer defeat of a British column that was unprepared for actual conflict. The Boers demanded that the column halt while the British commander, Colonel Philip Anstruther, insisted on continuing to Pretoria. The Boers proceeded to overrun and force the surrender of the column.
The new High Commissioner, General Sir George Pomeroy Colley, assembled units to avenge the British defeat. Colley was short on field experience and marched against the Boer forces who were laying siege to British garrisons and demanding their surrender. His brash tactics in assaulting the Boers led to the loss of a quarter of his troops in a series of engagements in later January and early February 1881. Colley was determined to redeem himself and led forces, in the Battle of Majuba Hill, to seize the hill in spite of the chance of an armistice to end the war. He attacked with a small force that had no knowledge of the initial planning, no proper reconnaissance, and no heavy weapons support. They seized the hill and set up camp without taking the precaution of setting up defensive positions. When the British announced their position, the Boers were initially cowed, but then began covertly scaling the hill from the north, reaching the Highlander lines and attacking. The Highlanders attempted on separate occasions to warn Colley of the attack, but he ignored the reports. Colley was killed in the final assault, as the British lines fractured from a lack of leadership 99–103. This defeat shocked the British in South Africa and in the home islands. While many demanded vengeance, the British quietly conducted a settlement that gave the Boers independence with only nominal lip service paid to the authority of the Crown in an effort to allow the British to withdraw "with minimum embarrassment".
The Gun War (1880–1881).
See the Gun War for details
The Pioneer Column Invasion (1890).
The invasion was predicated by the desire of Cecil Rhodes and Britain to pursue further land north through Bechunanaland into Matabeleland. Despite numerous envoys and letters from Queen Victoria to Lobengula, of the Matabele nation, no progress had been made on the opening the “road.”
In December 1889, Cecil Rhodes took matters into his own hands by contracting Frank Johnson and Maurice Haney to recruit 500 mercenaries to overthrow Lobengula. Rhodes wanted to strike the main towns and military posts to cause turmoil in the Matabele (or Ndebele) nation. He also wanted to remove the power of the Amandebele to raid nearby villages and wanted to send their state into general confusion. Rhodes believed this would give the British South Africa Company the opportunity to begin mining the land in safety. This plan would never go into effect after Rhodes’ discussion with Fred Selous, who warned him that this would be a monumental disaster for traders and England itself.
Rhodes' decision, based on Selous’ advice, was to move around Lobengula and make for a different route to Mashonaland from the south around Mount Hampden. Johnson's new mission was to find 120 'miners' to travel with Selous as their guide. The plan was approved at the local level, but once London received the report, the plan was seen as an agitation designed to involve Britain in a war with Lobengula. This led to further negotiations with Lobengula in an attempt to open the “road.” Lobengula complained about having to deal with subordinates and told Jameson to have Rhodes brought before him. In a bit of manoeuvring, Jameson told Lobengula that he was going to inform Rhodes of his decision to keep the "road" closed. Lobengula's reply to this was that he had “not refused you the road, but let Rhodes come.” Using this and reports that the Boers were making expeditions into Mashonaland, the High Commissioner could not prevent the force from moving into the territory.
Johnson had his "pioneers" at camp, preparing to cross. Rhodes insisted that he take prominent Cape members with him in case they were cut off, his reason being that the Imperial Forces would be more likely to rescue well to-do members of the Cape than miners. While the pioneer column moved out of camp and was preparing to cross, false assurances were being sent to Lobengula about the number of white men in his country. However, Lobengula did not attack and the column, after the journey, arrived at Mount Hampden on 12 September and named the surrounding area Fort Salisbury.
The First Matabele War (1893–1894).
During the second annual meeting of the South Africa Company, Rhodes stated that the company was on friendly terms with Lobengula, the last king of the Ndebele people, all the while knowing that war was to come. Ultimately, Jameson gave Lobengula's commanders an ultimatum to withdraw from Mashonaland. At the end of his meeting with Lobengula, who refused to move from the border, Jameson sent for Captain Lendy and Boer transport riders to find the Ndebele, and if they refused to leave to move them by force. When confronted, Captain Lendy followed orders and fired upon the Ndebele. After the men returned to Fort Victoria, Jameson sent word to Rhodes and Loch that they must go to war. By October, Jameson had gathered 650 volunteers and 900 Shona auxiliaries. Jameson continued to send word that Lobengula had troops planning to attack. The war was an easy win for Jameson, for as his troops advanced in Matabeleland, they swept over the Ndebele defenders with their machine guns and artillery. Once defeated, Lobengula destroyed his capital and fled to the north. Jameson's advancing troops followed him, reaching Bulawayo on 4 November, but had no luck in finding Lobengula. In a desperate attempt to get away, Lobengula addressed a council of his indunas near the Shangani River, and asked that they give all hidden gold to the white men to have peace. Ultimately, the gold was given to men that the messengers came across, and never did reach Jameson or his troops. Matabeleland was ultimately divided among the volunteers and several of Rhodes' officials.
Malaboch War (1894).
In April 1894, Chief Malaboch (Mmaleboho, Mmaleboxo) of the Bahananwa (Xananwa) people refused to leave his traditional mountain kingdom of Blouberg as ordered by the South African Republic (ZAR) Government as he refused to pay tax. The authorities took action through forced removal, which ultimately resulted in the "Malaboch War", with the chief and his subjects defending their territory. As it became evident that the Bahananwa people were losing the war against the soldiers of Commandant-General Piet Joubert, they began surrendering, and subsequently their chief followed suit, on 31 July 1894, after a siege of more than a month. On the day he was taken prisoner, Chief Malaboch twice attempted suicide by jumping into a fire, but both attempts at suicide failed. He was tried by a council of war on 2 August 1894 and was found guilty on all charges. He was never sentenced but kept prisoner of war until his release by the British authorities in 1900 during the Second Anglo-Boer War. The chief returned to his people and ruled until his death in 1939.
The Second Ndebele Matabele War (1896–1897).
When Jameson's forces had been defeated by the Boers, the Ndebele saw an opportunity to revolt. On March 1896, the whites were attacked first at outlying farms, mining camps, and stores. As people fled, and when word reached Bulawayo, the capital, people began to panic and rush for arms. Since the Ndebele had first attacked on the outskirts the element of surprise had passed, and allowed time for the whites to gather and manoeuvre. As volunteers arrived, Rhodes came from Fort Salisbury and, after naming himself colonel, rode into combat with the troops. In June, it seemed that the Ndebele forces were falling back from Bulawayo to the Mambo Hills, but the whites were surprised once more, for the Shona had joined in the revolt. By the week's end, more than 100 men, women, and children were killed, which was about 10 percent of the white population. Eventually there was a deadlock in the Matopo Hills, and assaults continued until Rhodes sent a captured royal widow, Nyamabezana, to the rebels, stating that if they waved a white flag it would be a sign for peace, for the cost of the war was becoming too much for the British South Africa Company. Ultimately, Rhodes rode with several others to meet the rebels. After meeting with them and compromising to meet their demands Rhodes met with other Ndebele leaders, and the details of the agreement were finished in October.
The Second Boer War (or "Second South African War") (1899–1902).
The exact causes of the Second Anglo-Boer War in 1899 have been disputed ever since the events took place. Fault for the war has been placed on both sides, for different reasons. The Boers felt that the British intention was to again annexe the Transvaal. Some feel that the British were coerced into war by the mining magnates; others that the British government manipulated the magnates into creating conditions that allowed the war to ignite. It appears that the British did not begin with the intention of annexation. They simply wanted to ensure that British strength and the regional economic and political stability of the British Empire remained unchanged. The British worried about popular support for the war and wanted to push the Boers to make the first move toward actual hostilities. This occurred when the Transvaal issued an ultimatum on 9 October for the British to withdraw all troops from their borders and recall their reinforcements, or they would “regard the action as a formal declaration of war.”
Over time, the war has come to be viewed as a "White Man’s War." Recent scholarship has exposed this as untrue. Black people were used on both sides, primarily in non-combat roles, as labourers. The British employed armed black men as scouts or dispatch riders, and were going to employ unarmed black scouts, but decided to continue arming them when the Boers began shooting at the scouts and dispatch riders as spies. The Boers also employed black men during the war, who mostly helped with digging defensive emplacements and roads for the transport of weaponry. They served in this capacity primarily during the initial conventional phase of the war.
The Second Boer War consisted of three phases. It began with a Boer offensive to besiege the garrisons at Ladysmith, Mafeking, and Kimberley, after a quick mobilisation of their commando units from each district, drawing up to 30–40,000 men. The Boers used a quick-hitting mobile style of war, based on their experiences fighting the British in the first Boer War, along with lessons learned from studying the American Civil War. Early British attempts to relieve these besieged garrisons met with mixed results. The British felt that the war would be ended quickly. They were ill-prepared to face the well-equipped Boers, losing a large number of men in their first attempts to push into places such as Magersfontein, Stormberg, and Colenso.
The second phase began with Britain re-elling from defeats and deploying the largest British force ever sent overseas to South Africa. The British commander, Sir Redvers Buller, and his subordinate Major General Charles Warren, began the British offensive with an attack on the hill of Spion Kop. While the British won this battle, they belatedly realised that the hill was over-watched by Boer gun emplacements and suffered heavy casualties. Buller suffered another defeat at Vaal Krantz and was relieved as commander of British forces over questions of his management of the war. His replacement was Field Marshal Lord Frederick Roberts. Roberts managed to win a series of battles by committing overwhelming numbers of British forces against the Boers. He pushed into and captured the Orange Free State in May 1900 and then pushed into the Transvaal to capture Johannesburg on 31 May. Roberts declared the war over after the capture of the Orange Free State and Johannesburg, announcing the formation of the Transvaal Colony and the Orange River Colony, incorporated in 1902. It was at this point that the Boers, initially demoralised by the overwhelming numbers of British troops, began the third phase of the Second Boer War: the guerilla campaign.
After regrouping into smaller units, the Boer commanders started using guerrilla tactics, destroying railways, bridges, and telegraph wires. Their leaders included Louis Botha in the eastern Transvaal; Koos de la Rey and Jan Smuts in western Transvaal; and Christian de Wet in the Orange Free State. The British were not prepared for this type of tactic, having an insufficient number of mounted troops and no intelligence personnel. They moved against the civilian population that supported the Boers, burning their houses and barns. Nonetheless, support for the Boers remained strong. To deal with families wandering across the countryside without shelter, the British decided to set up what they considered to be refugee camps, in September 1900. In December 1900 Herbert Kitchener of Khartoum took over command of the British army, continuing the scorched-earth policy. He believed that women served as a source of intelligence for the Boers, so he put them in concentration camps. Additionally, he set up blockhouses and barbed wire fences to restrict the Boers to a certain area. In January 1901, Kitchener raided the countryside, putting Africans and Boer civilians into concentration camps. When he learned that Louis Botha was interested in peace, he jumped at the opportunity, using Botha's wife and an intermediary. Nothing came of the talks, for Sir Alfred Milner insisted that nothing but full surrender would be acceptable to the British. The Boers wanted independence, and in June 1901, Boer leaders came together and stated that no proposal would be considered unless it included their independence. Conditions in the concentration camps worsened, and the problem was not brought to public attention until an Englishwoman Emily Hobhouse did her own investigation and sailed back to England with the intention of exposing Kitchener for what he was permitting. The war minister, Brodick, dismissed the complaints of Hobhouse and her supporters in parliament, stating that it was Boer guerilla tactics that had led to the methods currently in use. The military situation for the troops of De Wet, Botha, and De la Rey had worsened, for Kitchener's blockhouses and fences were posing a serious problem. Additionally, three-quarters of the Boer's cattle had been killed and taken away and they were struggling just to survive. Though De la Rey (in March 1902) captured General Lord Paul Methuen and 600 troops, he had to let them go because he had no place to keep them. At this time there were many that decided that it would be best to simply accept British rule, some of them serving as guides. These "joiners," as they were called, disagreed with those Boers who continued fighting at great risk, though they knew there would never be a military success.
By this time Kitchener had built an army of 250,000 troops, built 8000 blockhouses, and had of commandos(???). He also changed his tactics towards women and children. Rather than packing them off to concentration camps, he told his troops to leave them where they found them, so that the burden of taking care of them fell on the Boers. This further pushed the Boers towards negotiations.
Negotiations for ending the war began in April 1902. Proposals were sent back and forth and rejected by both sides as being unreasonable. At times it looked as if the negotiations would fail and the war would continue. The Boers were granted some concessions on the treatment of Cape Afrikaner rebels and the rights of the black Africans. Perhaps the most surprising thing to come out of the negotiations was that the Transvaal and Orange Free State would have to recognise King Edward VII as sovereign over their land. Many of the people of the Orange Free State and Transvaal considered this a betrayal of one of their key tenets for fighting in the first place.
The Bambatha Rebellion (1906–1907).
The Rebellion was in reaction to a Poll Tax of £1 on all Native male members over 18 years of age by the Natal House of Assembly. After the magistrate and a small party were threatened by gun shots from Bambata and his followers, the party made their retreat to a small hotel. Joined by the people at the hotel, the magistrate's party proceeded hastily to the police station at Keates Drift.
As news spread to Greytown, a Natal police force was dispatched to deal with the fugitives, but saw no sign of the enemy after reaching the Drift. At sunset, the march was continued until they were ambushed at a spot in the Impanza Valley by Bambata's men. After fighting off the enemy and returning to camps with the dead and wounded, more troops were mobilised for an attack on Bambata's location. However, the morning before, he had escaped to Zululand by crossing the Tugela River. The Kranskop reserves trailed Bambata along the same route until they made a wrong turn. They made camp under the Pukunyoni until 28 May 1906, when scouts were shot at by a Zulu impi marching toward the camp. After returning with the news of the approaching Zulu, the camp prepared itself for attack. The Zulu made an initial rush but were turned away. Using a herd of cattle as cover, the Zulu drove the herd through the North-East corner of the camp, with many Zulu being shot only from the defence line. The rest were then driven back or withdrew. The Zulu continued to fire on the camp from a "very bushy" hillside about away. Several troops were killed and wounded.
The end of the rebellion came when Col. Barker was brought from Johannesburg with 500 soldiers. Along with local troops, they trapped and killed Bambata and the other Zulu chiefs, ending the uprising.
The Maritz Rebellion (1914).
The Maritz Rebellion (also known as the Boer Revolt) broke out in South Africa in 1914 at the start of World War I. Men who supported the reinstitution of the old Boer republics rose up against the government of the Union of South Africa. Many members of the government were former Boers who had fought with the Maritz rebels against the British in the Second Anglo-Boer War twelve years earlier. The rebellion was a failure, and the ringleaders were assessed large fines and, in many cases, imprisoned.
Compared to the fate of leading Irish rebels in the 1916 Easter Rising, the leading Boer rebels got off lightly with terms of imprisonment of six and seven years and heavy fines. Two years later, they were released from prison, as Louis Botha recognised the value of reconciliation. After this, the "bitter enders" concentrated on working within the constitutional system and built up the National Party which would come to dominate the politics of South Africa from the late 1940s until the early 1990s, when the apartheid system they had constructed also fell.
Walvis Bay (1914–1915).
Prior to an attack into South West Africa, the Boers had initially raised their objections to any assault on German forces since the Germans had supported them in the Second Boer War. Martial Law was declared on 14 October 1914, the Boer rebellion was quickly suppressed, and At the outset of World War I, South West Africa (modern Namibia) was under German control after having been passed back and forth during boundary negotiations over the previous years After the Maritz Rebellion was suppressed, the South African army continued their operations into German South-West Africa and conquered it by July 1915 (see the South-West Africa Campaign for details). 
Troops took much of the territory, including Walvis Bay in the north, in 1915. In early 1915 the South African troops began moving into German South-West Africa. South African forces quickly moved through the country, but the German fought until cornered in the extreme north-west before surrendering on 9 July 1915.
Economics & Technology.
Technological innovations in southern Africa altered mining, guns, and transportation as well as the course of the war. Mining difficulties helped to create and utilise new technology in the Kimberley mines, where new means of extraction were needed. Originally, numerous small mines created a strange network of larger mining claims. By 1873, Kimberly miners were forced to construct a cable transport system due to several collapses of the roads leading into the mines. The cables in the Kimberly mines were held up by support beams that were placed around the perimeter of the mine. Each level of the mine had two to three platforms. Originally the ropes were made of animal hides or hemp, within a year there was exponential growth of the cable system. The natural materials used for the cables were replaced with wire. After only a year, the mines had grown so elaborate with this system that it inspired awe in people. As mines were dug deeper into the ground, water extraction became a problem. The miners brought in electric pumps to help pump out the water. Cecil Rhodes even started a pumping business during this time. The growth in the mines allowed large business owners to take control of the mines.
One of the major players in the South African economy was Cecil Rhodes. Rhodes helped to create the British South Africa Company as well as De Beers Mining Corporation. Rhodes used his power and influences through these companies to promote the expansion of the British Empire as well as his own business interests. Expansion of the empire was not received well by the non-British parties living in the area. Through economic means, the British attempted to expand their empire into Boer areas which ultimately led to a series of wars in South Africa.
The expansion of British lands led to an interest in gun manufacturing. Gun technology greatly improved during the 1870s. One major creation was the repeating rifle. With these new improvements, companies sent large quantities of older models of guns to Africa to sell for large profits. This influx of guns greatly influenced and helped to escalate the war. Historians estimate that towards the end of the 19th century around 4 million pounds of gunpowder was sold in the German- and British-occupied regions of Africa. Around 1896 the Shona and the Ndbele had around 10,000 guns between the two groups, and by 1879 the Zulu tribes had around 8,000 guns. The Shona were even taught how to manufacture ammunition as well as repair broken or damaged guns. The guns were also used to attract miners because they were sold at and close to mining camps. Sometime in 1890, a blockade would be placed in the importation of guns and ammo in tropical southern Africa. Other forms of technology helped the British Military remain in contact with London.
There were other forms of technology that had an impact on the Cape Colony. The telegraph was important for the movement of communications between Cape Colony and Griqualand West. In 1881, Cecil Rhodes began working on plans for the construction of a railway from Kimberley to Cape Town.
These trains would become part of Boer's guerrilla warfare by blowing up trains,lines, and bridges with soldiers on them. They developed new technology to handle the new military tactics. Eventually Hilton a Boer guerrilla leader abandoned the Pretoria Delagoa Bay Railway Line as impossible due to blockhouses, barbed wire, ditches on either side, armoured trains, and frequent checks. Technological developments brought into Cape Colony as a need for them developed.
Diamond Rush and Gold Rush.
A small western area of the Republic of the Orange Free State is home to many of the diamond mines of South Africa. Before the rush to discover diamonds, many of the indigenous people of Africa already used these diamonds as simple tools. A discovery by John O’Reilly in the 1750s sparked what is known as the diamond rush. By 1869, thousands of people made their way over to the Vaal River with the hopes of finding their fortunes. Consequentially, mining communities emerged across the region, including Klipdrift, Pniel, Gong Gong, Union Kopje, Colesberg Kopje, Delport's Hope, Blue Jacket, Forlorn Hope, Waldek's Plant, Larkins's Flat, Niekerk's Hope, and many other smaller settlements.
The later part of the diamond rush takes place on a farm known as Dutoitspan. Along with this discovery developed the mining towns of Old De Beers and the discovery of Kimberley, which is also known as “New Rush.” Kimberley proved to be one of the wealthiest mines on earth. These new mines within the Orange Free State and their great wealth attracted the attention of the British Empire; their new-found interest eventually led to a heated debate between both the Orange Free State and the British Government.
In 1871, the discovery of diamond deposits by prospectors in Griqualand led to a struggle for control between Britain, the Orange Free State and the Transval. A Griqua chief claimed the land that the mines were located on belonged to him and asked for the protection of the British Government. This action resulted in the British annexation the region which became known as Griqualand West. This land was originally given to the Orange Free State by the British in 1854. The Orange State was offered by the Earl of Carnarvon to become part of the plan to confederate the countries of South Africa which it refused. Eventually, the Orange Free State was compensated by payment of $525,000 and was also allowed to sit in meetings about the confederation. In 1880, Griqualand West became a separate province of the Cape Colony, allowing for Cecil Rhodes' entrance into Cape Colony politics to further his agenda as one of the mining magnates when he stood for election to parliament in Barkly West.
In 1886, George Harrison discovered gold in Witwatersrand, in the Transvaal, which led to a stampede of gold diggers from Australia, California, London, Ireland and Germany. The influx of gold diggers created a stream of wealth pouring into the previously poverty stricken region. However, severe health problems caused by dust from the dry diggings and unsanitary conditions also appeared in dig sites, along with other types of diseases, death and crime. The industry, characterised as monopolistic and political, would be at the center of controversies, such as the conflicts of the Jameson Raid of 1895 and Anglo-Boer war in 1899, for the region.
With the discovery of diamonds in Griqualand West, gold in Witwatersrand and also coal in the Transvaal, the capacity of production changed the political and economic structure of South Africa. "The development of industrial capitalism in the region was markedly accelerated, whilst the long era of dispossession of independent African chiefdoms was finally completed, paving the way for the mobilisation of large numbers of African labourers to provide cheap labour for this industrial revolution".
Government and politics.
The main concerns of British policy in southern Africa were economical administration. The British decided to take control of the Cape Colony (1806), as a temporary measure against the French, to protect the trade route between Europe and Asia. As time progressed, British policies such as Proclamation 14, the Black Flag Revolt and the Franchise Dispute caused tension between the British Cape Colony leaders and the Southern Africa native groups such as the Boers.
Proclamation 14.
Proclamation 14 August 1872 was a decree by British Cape Colony officials to pacify the Kimberly diggers and control black labour. It stated that "servant" could be black or white but that all blacks must carry a pass with them all times to cross the Kimberly pass point. These could be day passes to find employment or work passes (labor contracts). The labour contract would be signed by the "master" and had to show the black worker's name, wage and length of employment. These contracts had to be carried on their persons at all times or they could face imprisonment, fines or a flogging. Colonial officials did excuse some blacks from this requirement if they deemed them "civilised".
Black Flag Revolt.
"The Black Flag Revolt" in 1875 was between the diggers and the Cape's colonial government. The head of the colonial government was Sir Richard Southey. Southey wished to curb the independence of the diggers. The revolt was led by Alfred Aylward. Other major players in the revolt were William Ling, Henry Tucker and Conrad von Schlickmann. The diggers were upset about high taxes, increased rent and coloured unrest. Aylward was pushing for a Republican form of government and preached of revolution. He formed the Defense League and Protection Association which pledged action against taxation. Aylward inspired the diggers to take up arms in March and formed the Diggers’ Protection Association that was paramilitary. A black flag was the signal for Aylward's supporters to revolt.
William Cowie, a hotel owner, was arrested without bail for selling guns to Aylward without a permit. Aylward mounted the "black flag", the signal to revolt, in response to Cowies’ arrest. The rebels blocked the prison upon the arrival of Cowie led by Police escort. Cowie was eventually acquitted. Southey asked for British troops to be sent to help control the situation. Volunteers from the Cape also assembled to assist. The rebels held control of the streets for ten weeks. They surrendered upon the arrival of the British Red Coats on 30 June 1875. The rebel leaders were arrested and put on trial but were found not guilty by a jury of their peers. London was not happy with the way that Southey had handled the situation and the costs of sending troops, and he was removed from his position. The significance of the "Black Flag Revolt" was a victory for white interests, the end to independent diggers and signalled the rise of diamond magnates.
Proclamation 14 and The Black Flag Revolt greatly increased hostility between Southern Africa's native inhabitants and the British leaders.
Lord Carnarvon.
Lord Carnarvon, also known as Earl of Carnarvon, was the colonial secretary in London. He was greatly concerned with Imperial defence of the Cape and felt that it was a crucial point in the empire's trade and future security. Carnarvon wished to turn the Cape Colony into a replica of his success with Canada. In respects to Canada, he was able to initiate a government that meshed two cultures and create a bi-lingual society. The South Africa Act 1877 was derived from the British North America Act concerning draft confederation. Carnarvon felt that if it worked for Canada, it could also apply to southern Africa. However, the distrust and hatred between the British and the Boers ran too deep to manoeuvre around.
Swaziland.
Swaziland had managed to preserve its existence even while around it other native tribes had fallen one by one. Swaziland was promised independence by both the Transvaal as well as Britain with respective treaties. All this changed following the discovery of gold in the De Kaap Valley in 1884.
The Swazias had historically assisted the Europeans and played a role in both Boer and British conflicts against their enemies the Pedi and the Zulu. Boer farmers gained grazing concessions, followed by mining rights. To deal with the growing demand for concessions from white settlers, the Swazi Chief Mbanzeni employed Offy Shepstone of Natal to run the concession administration. Upon his arrival Shepstone formed the white governing committee to oversee taxes and law enforcement on the white settlers. Shepstone soon proved to be corrupt and concessions were being sold off at an alarming rate. Soon The Transvaal had acquired railway, telegraph and electricity concessions. In an attempt to slow down the concessions Mbanzeni gave the White Governing Committee authority over all whites in Swaziland. This proved disastrous and the rapid selling off of Swaziland continued.
On 3 May 1889 Krueger informed the British he would forego all claims to the North if he could obtain political rights to Swaziland. The White Governing Committee agreed to the deal and Mbanzenis country was sold out from under him. Following the death of Mbanzeni The Transvaal and Britain divided up the remaining territory until sole control fell to the Transvaal in 1894.
The Franchise Dispute.
With the influx of foreign workers into the Transvaal following the discovery of gold in Witwatersrand, the dispute over foreigners rights became a major problem for the Kruger government. Originally after residing in the Transvaal for one year foreigners were given the right to vote. In 1882 to counteract the increasing foreign population, the requirement was raised to five years as well as a twenty-five pound fee. Following the establishment of the Second Volksraad in 1891 the requirements were again raised, this time to fourteen years and requiring voters to be over the age of forty. However, to vote in the newly established Second Volksraad residents needed only to reside in the Republic for two years and pay a five pound fee. This Second Volksraad however would be over-ruled by the First. This essentially created a dual class society.
During the tense times following the Jameson Raid the franchise dispute was at the center of talks looking to avoid war. During talks in Bloemfontein between Kruger and Sir Aflred Milner in 1899, Milner suggested giving full franchise to every foreigner who had resided in the Transvaal for five years as well as seven new seats in the Volksraad. With the foreign population being significantly larger than that of the Boers, Kruger believed this would essentially mean the end of The Transvaal Republic as an Afrikaner state.
Kruger countered with a "sliding scale" offer. Uitlanders who had settled before 1890 could obtain franchise after two years, settlers of two or more years could apply after five years and all others after seven years. This proposal would also include five more seats in the Volksraad. Milners ultimate desire however was immediate franchise for a significant proportion of Uitlanders so to better British interests in the Transvaal. A wire to Milner to accept the terms arrived too late and the proceedings were cancelled without a resolution.
In a final attempt to avoid war Kruger proposed enfranchisement to any foreigner who had lived in the Transvaal for five years as well as ten new seats in the Volksraad, in return Britain would have to drop any claim at all to the Transvaal as well as no longer take interest in the republics internal affairs. The British government sent a letter to Kruger accepting the franchise concessions but refusing the other aspects of the deal. Failure to resolve this issues was one of the main causes of the Second Boer War.
Colonial and Indigenous Groups.
Many ethnic groups participated in the South African Wars from 1879 to 1915. These groups included colonial settlers such as the British and the Boers as well as indigenous tribes and clans.
Zulu.
The Zulu originated from the Nguni clans which moved down the east African coast during the Bantu migrations. The Zulu tribe traditionally resided in the Natal province on the eastern side of South Africa. The Zulu were involved in two major wars. They fought against the British colonials in the Anglo-Zulu War in 1879. The Zulu were eventually overpowered by superior British technology. The Anglo-Zulu war resulted in the absorption of traditional Zululand into the British Cape Colony. The second conflict also involved Zulu and British colonials. Bambatha, a leader of the Zondi clan led a rebellion against British authority in the Natal province. The rebellion was suppressed by British colonial forces.
Colonial British.
The British took control of the Cape Colony in 1795. It was first used as a naval port on the way to the more established British colonies of India and Australia. In 1820 the British government relocated a large number of settlers to the new South African colony. The colony now had two distinct groups of European setters, the British colonials and the Dutch Boers. The British settlers usually resided in the towns and held urban jobs such as in trade and manufacturing. The British colonials experienced conflicts with a militaristic and organised tribe in the Natal Province, the Zulu. There were two major conflicts with these indigenous people, the Anglo-Zulu War and the Bambatha Rebellion. British colonials also had two conflicts concerning the independence of Boer republics. In the First Boer War, the Boers became independent from British colonial control. Later, in the Second Boer War the Boers declared war on the Cape Colony over the placement of British troops. The British colonial forces eventually captured all Boer major cities and the formerly free South African Republic came under the control of the British. There were several conflicts started by British colonial settlers that the British government and army had to finish. Cecil Rhodes was involved in many of these conflicts including the Jameson Raid and Pioneer Column Invasion. Two conflicts occurred with the Ndebele people or Matabele as the British colonials called them. These were two rebellions against British colonial authority that were quickly suppressed by notable individuals such as Leander Starr Jameson and Colonel Baden-Powell. The British colonials faced another rebellious threat in 1914 when General Maritz and a number of South African forces declared independence from the British. Maritz allied himself with the Germans at the nearby German South-west Africa colony. Walvis Bay was an area first captured by the Germans at the outbreak of World War I. Walvis Bay was later recaptured by British colonials.
Ndebele.
In the 1820s a branch of the Zulu led by Mzilikazi split from the main tribe to form the Ndebele people. Their people moved west from Zululand and settled near present day Pretoria. They would eventually move slightly north to present day Zimbabwe causing territorial pressure with the Shona people. Conflict with the British colonials erupted in 1893 when their leader deployed warriors to attack and plunder the Shona people living near Fort Victoria. Unintentional confrontation broke out between Ndebele warriors and British soldiers at the fort. Although outnumbered, the British eventually suppressed the Ndebele. A second Ndebele war broke out in 1896 when they rebelled against the authority of the British South Africa Company. This war like the previous one eventually evaporated with the death of the leader insurrection. Even today this war is celebrated as the First War of Independence in Zimbabwe.
Xhosa.
The Xhosa people were a group of Bantu-speaking chiefdoms driven out of the Zuurveld grasslands by the British colonists in 1811. In 1819, the Xhosa attacked the frontier village of Graham's Town with 10,000 warriors but were defeated and lost even more land. In 1834, the Xhosa again invaded the colony but were again driven back and lost more land to the British.
These wars between the Xhosa and Dutch and British colonists took place along the east coast of Cape Colony between the Great Fish and Great Kei rivers. In 1811, the British began a policy of clearing the land of Xhosa people to make way for more British colonists. Nearly an entire year of fighting (1818–19) ensued.
Following the battle, around 4000 British colonists migrated to the area along the great Fish River. The further the colonists pushed east, the more resistance they met. Spoils of the war of 1834 to 1835 were 60,000 cattle which the colonists took over. From 1846 to 1853 was a longer struggle. In the war of 1877 to 1879, the colonists took over 15,000 cattle and around 20,000 sheep. In the aftermath, all Xhosa territory was lost to the colonists of the Cape Colony.
Dutch Boers.
Before the English took command of the Cape Colony in 1806, the Dutch controlled it. The Dutch settlers had been joined by Germans and French Huguenots as well. Together the descendants of these groups were called Boers because this is the Dutch and Afrikaans word for farmer. In 1834, the British set up a new court system in the colony, replacing Dutch with English as the official language. This was one source of tension between the Boers and British. The Boers also resented "gelykstelling", a process of social levelling between blacks and whites which the British allegedly supported. These grievances against the British, accompanied by the Boers' effort to defend their independent republics of the Transvaal (the Zuid-Afrikaansche Republiek or ZAR and the Orange Free State or OFS), against the threat of annexation by the British Government led to two Anglo-Boer Wars in the late 19th century. Paul Kruger was the key organiser for the Boers in these two conflicts.
After their defeat in the Second Anglo-Boer War, a Boer diaspora happened. It followed a smaller exodus in the 1890s to other areas of Africa and also other parts of the world, including the United States.
Compared to the fate of leading Irish rebels of the Easter Rising in 1916, the leaders of the Maritz Rebellion of 1914 got off lightly with terms of imprisonment of six and seven years and heavy fines. Two years later, they were released from prison, as Louis Botha recognised the value of reconciliation. After this, the "bitter enders" concentrated on working within the constitutional system and built up the National Party which would come to dominate the politics of South Africa from the late 1940s until the early 1990s, when the apartheid system they had constructed also fell.
Key Figures.
Throughout the period of the South African Wars, people on both sides of the conflict achieved notability. Some of these people were in favour of the British colonising South Africa and making it a British territory, while others fought against the British in an attempt to slow down and stop these efforts.
The Boers won the war in 1883 and Kruger became state president. He remained president for many years. When the Anglo-Boer war broke out, Kruger again led the Boers. In 1900 the British forces advanced on Kruger and his men. Kruger escaped and settled in Holland for the duration of the war. He never returned to the Transvaal. Kruger died on 14 July 1904 in Switzerland. His body was shipped back to the Transvaal and buried in Pretoria, in Heroes Ace. 
The Zulu chief Cetshwayo kaMpandewas also against the British colonisation of South Africa. His name means 'The Slandered One'. Cetshwayo was the last independent Zulu King. The British decided to attack the Zulus after Chief Cetshwayo ordered that a raid in Natal to seize two Zulu women whom were wives of Cetshwayo's favourite chief, Sihayo. On 11 December 1878, Sir Theophilus Shepstone informed the Zulu leader that he could either turn in the two men who led this raid into Natal and disarm his army, or face war. Cetshwayo refused these requests and the British attacked the Zulu on 22 January 1879. The British attacked with only 1700 troops while the Zulu brought 24,000. The battle was almost a complete massacre of the British with only sixty Europeans surviving. Cetshwayo and his army were eventually defeated at oNdini on 4 July 1879. He escaped but was recaptured a month later and held as a prisoner of war. In 1882 Cetshwayo was allowed to travel to England and meet with Queen Victoria. While in England he was treated as a public hero for his resistance to Britain. Cetshwayo was returned in secret to Zululand on 10 January 1883. On 8 February 1884 Cetshwayo died (likely from poison). His son Dinizulu was proclaimed king on 20 May 1884.
Olive Schreiner was an advocate of the Boers. She objected to Great Britain's opposition to the small Orange Free State. She addressed the human side of the war by sympathising with the Boer women who were forced to send their men off to war despite their lack of military training. Boer men younger than 16 and older than 60 faced a well-trained and supplied British military (England -with Canada and Australia). Schreiner also admired the Orange Free State's prolonged resistance to the British occupation.
One person in favour of the British colonisation of Africa was famous writer Rudyard Kipling. When the Boer War broke out, Kipling joined in campaign efforts to raise money for the troops and reported for army publications. While involved in this campaign, Kipling would be forced to view the tragedies of war. He witnessed people dying from typhoid and dysentery and also witnessed the bad barrack conditions. He wrote poetry in support of the British cause in the Boer War. In early 1900 Kipling helped start a newspaper called "The Friend" for British troops in Bloemfontein. Kipling eventually left South Africa and returned to England where he was already highly regarded as the poet of the empire.
Dr. Leander Jameson was appointed director of the De Beers Company by Cecil Rhodes, he later became leader of the progressives, and in 1904 became Prime Minister of the Cape Territory. He was notorious for his abortive raid into the Transvaal to overthrow the Boer government of Paul Kruger in 1895.” He was convicted of violating the foreign enlistment act and sentenced to 15 months in prison.
Millicent Garrett Fawcett was an investigative journalist who was pro-war. Fawcett justified the maltreatment of Boer women and children in the concentration camps by stating that they participated in war by supplying their men with vital British military information, making them part of the war effort and consequently deserving of the same war treatment as any enemy. She blamed the Boer mothers for the children's deaths. She often emphasised "race" and described the unhygienic conditions kept by the Boer women, but failed to mention that they were not supplied with soap in the concentration camps. She compared Boers to 17th century English ignorant peasants.

</doc>
<doc id="19250701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250701" title="Boris Collingwood">
Boris Collingwood

Boris Esmond Collingwood, born at Hither Green, London on 8 January 1920 and died at Storrington, West Sussex on 18 November 1968, played first-class cricket in two matches, one each for Cambridge University and Somerset.
A schoolboy first-eleven cricketer at Dulwich College for four seasons before the Second World War and captain in 1939, Collingwood was 28 before the first of his first-class appearances for Cambridge came in the 1948 season. He also played for the university once in a non-first-class match that season. 
Five years later, he turned out once for Somerset, at the time a very weak team, in a match at Weston-super-Mare against Nottinghamshire. He made 15 and 1 as Somerset subsided to an innings defeat in two days.

</doc>
<doc id="19250712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250712" title="Jörgen Bemström">
Jörgen Bemström

Jörgen Bemström (born 6 April 1974) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey player. In Elitserien Bemström played in Luleå HF, Modo Hockey and Södertälje SK. He ended his playing career in Södertälje SK in 2009, and was named the assistant coach of that team prior to the 2010–11 season. However, after Södertälje's relegation to HockeyAllsvenskan that season, he was forced to leave the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19250714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250714" title="Respect Yourself (album)">
Respect Yourself (album)

Respect Yourself is the eighteenth studio album by Joe Cocker, released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19250728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250728" title="Papua New Guinea at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Papua New Guinea at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Papua New Guinea competed at the 1984 Summer Paralympics in Stoke Mandeville and New York. It was the country's first participation in the Paralympic Games. Papua New Guinea was represented by four athletes, all competing in track and field. None won any medals.

</doc>
<doc id="19250757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250757" title="Newton B. Drury">
Newton B. Drury

Newton Bishop Drury (April 9, 1889 – December 14, 1978) was the fourth director of the American National Park Service and the executive director of the Save-the-Redwoods League.
Early life and career.
Newton was born in 1889 in San Francisco, California.
In 1919, he and his brother Aubrey formed the Drury Brothers Company, an advertising and public relations agency. That same year, the organizers of the Save-the-Redwoods League, many of whom knew Drury from the university, asked Drury Brothers to manage the League. Newton Drury became executive secretary in charge of publicity and fund raising, a position he held for twenty years. Drury and the league obtained a six-million dollar bond measure passed to buy California redwood groves.
National Park Service.
Drury declined appointment as NPS Director in 1933, but accepted the job in 1940. He was the first director without prior national park responsibilities, but came with strong conservationist credentials, having served as executive secretary of the Save-the-Redwoods League in California. During World War II he successfully resisted most demands for consumptive uses of park resources. Less eager than his predecessors to expand the park system, he opposed NPS involvement with areas he judged not to meet national park standards. Differences with Secretary of the Interior Oscar L. Chapman over Chapman's support for dams in Dinosaur National Monument contributed to Drury's resignation in 1951.
Subsequent to his resignation from the park service Drury accepted the position as head of the California Division of Beaches and Parks. He was instrumental in changing some of the operational policies of the state park system to that similar to the national park system. In particular he dropped the recreational emphasis in summer programming to that of interpretation with a natural history emphasis.
He received a Pugsley Medal twice, a silver medal in 1940 and a gold medal in 1950. He was board chairman of the Save-the-Redwoods League at his death.
Death and legacy.
Drury died in December 1978.
The Newton B. Drury Scenic Parkway is the long two lane road through Prairie Creek Redwoods State Park in Humboldt County, California, which was completed in 1993. The Parkway was named to honor Mr. Drury's efforts in the creation of Redwood National and State Parks. As a result of CalTrans move of US Route 101 outside the eastern edge of the park, Old Growth Redwoods within the park will not ever be removed to widen the road. This road, though shorter, is similar in quality to the Avenue of the Giants in Southern Humboldt County.

</doc>
<doc id="19250775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250775" title="Thomas J. Waite">
Thomas J. Waite

Thomas J. Waite is a best-selling author of techno-thrillers. His critically acclaimed first novel, "TERMINAL VALUE," best-seller in December 2012. His second novel, "LETHAL CODE," will be published by 47North Waite is also on the board of directors of a number of technology companies.
Career.
Thomas J. Waite is a best-selling author of techno-thrillers. His critically acclaimed first novel, "TERMINAL VALUE," best-seller in December 2012. His second novel, "LETHAL CODE" will be published by 47North a law firm located in Boston, Massachusetts. Previously he was the CEO and President of Waite Associates. Prior to that he was Executive Vice President for the consulting firm Zefer (acquired by NEC Advisor Perspectives, OmniLync and the Board of Trustees of Mount Ida College.
Bibliography.
""TERMINAL VALUE,"" 2012; "Keeping to the Fairway," "Harvard Business Review," April 2003;"Stick to the Core - Or Go For More," "Harvard Business Review," February 2002;"Marketing Breakthrough Products," "Harvard Business Review," November-December 1999; and "Consulting: Don't Lose It, Improve It," "The New York Times", 1998. Waite has appeared in both television and print interviews LESLEY (May 1, 1995). "HOW TO TELL THE BOSS YOU'RE GETTING WORKED TO DEATH WITHOUT KILLING YOUR CAREER".

</doc>
<doc id="19250789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250789" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Toluca">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Toluca

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Toluca Campus (in Spanish: "Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Toluca") commonly shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Toluca or ITESM Campus Toluca, is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system located on the west side of the city.
History.
The establishment of the Toluca Campus was sponsored by a local group of businesspeople headed by Eduardo Monroy Cárdenas. This group, which would eventually be called "Educación Superior y Promoción Cultural de Toluca, A.C.," worked with the governor of the State of Mexico, Carlos Hank González, to sponsor the establishment of an institution of higher education within the city. With the support of the state government, talks with the Monterrey Institute of Technology began and the decision to establish the then-called "Toluca Unit" was made. The new unit would be located on donated by the state in San Antonio Buenavista, municipality of Toluca, at the former La Pila hacienda.
The first stone of the new complex was laid on 18 September 1981 and the unit opened on 9 August 1982, receiving its first generation of students.
Academics.
The high school or preparatory program is divided in three divisions: The Bilingual division, the International division and the Bicultural (now switching over to Multicultural) division. The Bilingual division requires students to take a total of 42 classes over six semesters. Study of English is required, with four to ten of the classes during any semester available only in English. International division students have a plan of study that requires them to take 49 courses over six semesters, with English mandatory and third language strongly encouraged. Bicultural students have plan of study that requires them to complete 42 classes over six semesters with the study of English and Anglo culture required.
The university program is made up of four divisions: Administration and Finance, Humanities and Social Sciences, Engineering and Architecture and Information and Electronic Technologies. The Administration and Finance division offers degrees in Business Administration, International Business, Finance and Public Accounting, Law and Marketing. The Humanities and Social Science division offers degrees in Animation and Digital Art and Communications. The Engineering and Architecture division offers degrees in Architecture, Industrial and Systems Engineering, Mechanics Administration, Industrial Design and Biotechnology. The Information and Electronic Technologies division offers degrees in Electronic Technologies Engineering, Information and Communications Technologies Engineering, Computational Systems Engineering, and Administration of Information Technologies.
Master’s degrees are offered in Administration, Electronic Systems Engineering, Automotive Engineering and Industrial Engineering. Doctorate degrees are offered in Industrial Engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="19250799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250799" title="Mikael Håkanson">
Mikael Håkanson

Mikael Håkanson (born May 31, 1974) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player who last played with the Linköpings HC team in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL), the top-tier league in Sweden.
Håkanson is currently the record holder for the amount of SHL games played (regular season and playoffs included). He surpassed Roger Åkerström's record on September 22, 2011, when he and his Linköpings HC team played a game against Skellefteå AIK at Cloetta Center which ended 4–0 in Skellefteå's favour. It was his 912th game. At the time of his retirement after the end of the 2011–12 season, he had played 950 SHL games.

</doc>
<doc id="19250805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250805" title="Haydn Morgan">
Haydn Morgan

Haydn Morgan (born 30 July 1936) was a Welsh international flanker who played club rugby for Abertillery. He was awarded twenty-seven caps for Wales and toured with Ronnie Dawson's 1959 and Arthur Smith's 1962 British Lions squads. Although a reliable and dynamic player with a heavy, but clean tackle, Morgan suffered at the hands of the selectors often dropped for players who never showed any international longevity.
Morgan first played with Abertillery at the age of 18 at centre, but when called up for National Service he switched to wing-forward while playing for the army. On his return from the army he once again joined the ranks of Abertillery and came to prominence during the joint Abertillery/Ebbw Vale team that faced the touring Australians.
International matches played.
<br>Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19250824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250824" title="João Afonso do Estreito">
João Afonso do Estreito

João Afonso do Estreito, an ambitious Portuguese sailor from Funchal, Madeira, was a co-partner in the Dulmo-Estreito expedition of 1487, a failed pre-Columbian voyage to the Americas. 
Estreito partnered up with the Flemish Fernão Dulmo (Ferdinand Van Olm), and asked King João II of Portugal to approve their 40 day voyage to the fabled island Antillia, which the Portuguese called the Seven Cities. The King agreed to fund the exploration, under certain circumstances: Dulmo shall command the fleet to Antillia for the first forty days, and Estreito shall take over afterwards and be responsible for everything discovered until their return home. The Dulmo-Estreito voyage sparked an intense interest in later Portuguese westward voyages. Christopher Columbus had also proposed a similar journey to João II, yet his bargain was inferior to that of Dulmo. The king's rejection of Columbus left him to go to Spain for his American journey.
Dulmo and Estreito, using a map drawn by the German Martin Behaim, set sail from the island of Terceira, Azores in March 1487. Unfortunately, Dulmo and Estreito, like several other pre-Columbian explorers, were unaware that sailing directly west would result in battling heavy winds, and eventually died at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19250826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250826" title="Valley Traditional High School">
Valley Traditional High School

Valley High School is a high school in Valley Station, Kentucky, Located at 10200 Dixie High Way.
Valley became a "traditional" school in 1999 in an attempt to boost enrollment after it had fallen to 63% of capacity.
Jefferson County High School - VALLEY was one of five high schools (each school's name denoted the section of the county that it was located in) that came about at a board of education meeting on Saturday, July 19, 1930. On February 28, 1931 the secretary was requested to notify Mr. Tafel, the architect, to prepare tentative plans for an eight room high school building with an auditorium and a basement. The site was to be at the intersection of Valley Station Road, and 18th Street Road, purchased from Betty Dodge and Murray Swindler. The cost of the school was to be approximately $50,000.
In August 1936, the building was complete and ready to be opened, with a grand dedication. Twenty-one graded schools would feed into Valley with the district boundaries ranging from Algonquin Parkway, to West Point and from the Ohio River to what we know today as New Cut Road.
The school colors of gold and white were chosen by David Bruce Brown's (first principal) and coach P.C. Oneals (first football coach). The color blue was added to honor Mr. Brown when he returned from serving in WWII. The name Viking was chosen and became known around the area.
Valley originally housed 570 students, but swelled at on time to over 3,000. Currently the enrollment is about 1,000. Valley has been added onto three times plus has had temporary buildings built. Over the years six schools have been built to relieve Valley enrollment and better serve the greater Louisville area. Valley graduates have gone on to become everything from astronauts to zookeepers!
On Thursday, June 2, 2011 at 5 p.m. EST the Class of 2011 was graduated from Valley Traditional High School. It is considered "the million dollar class" because it is the first class from Valley High School to receive $1,000,000 in scholarships to post-secondary education. The Class of 2011 was also the 74th Graduating Class.
Valley High School Alumni Association.
In October, 2009 the Valley High School Alumni Association (www.valleyalumniassociation.org) officially incorporated itself with the following purposes: To foster the educational success of students attending Valley High; To provide for scholarships for Valley High School students and graduates who require financial assistance in order to pursue postsecondary education; To work collaboratively with Valley High School and Jefferson County Public Schools to strengthen Valley High School’s academic programs and improve its physical plant; and
To engage in other educational and charitable activities consistent with these purposes.
The initial Board Members included: Mary Alvey Class of 1971 and Library Clerk at Valley High School, Joe Goodin Class of 1969 who held the position of Treasurer in the association, Norman Hartman Class of 1968, David Martin Class of 1960 (Deceased), Jim Segrest Class of 1959, Debbie Ward 1975, and Earl Wilhelm, Jr. Class of 1962.
On August 19, 2010 the following individuals were nominated to be elected to the Board of Directors. Mr. Jim Segrest, Ms. Leona (Lee) Reardon, Dr. Robert Thrasher, Mr. Norman Hartman, Mr. David Hittle, Mr. Earl Wilhelm, Jr., Mr. Joe Goodin, Ms. Mary F. (Garrison) Alvey, Ms. Sharon (Forsythe) Broussard, Mr. Richard Fowler.
At the 1st Annual Membership Meeting held on September 16, 2010 the following people were elected and/or re-elected as Board of Directors, as 50+ members of the members of the Valley High School Alumni Association. Ms. Leona (Lee) Reardon, Mr. David Hittle, Mr. Earl Wilhelm, Jr., Ms. Mary F. (Garrison) Alvey, Ms. Sharon (Forsythe) Broussard and Mr. Richard Fowler, as well as floor nominees:' Mr. Russell Kersey, Ms. Beverly Imus Jaggers, and Mr. Tom Troutman.
On March 17, 2011, Mr. Mark Lynch was elected to fill the vacated seat of Mr. Tom Troutman, who died in the months prior.
On August 18, 2011 the following individuals were nominated to be elected to the Board of Directors. Ms. Mary F (Garrison) Alvey C/O 1971, Mr. George Ezzell C/O 1966, Mr. David E. Hittle C/O 1986, Ms. Beverly Imus Jaggers C/O 1971, Mrs. Sandy Sheets Murphy C/O 1967, Ms. Leona (Lee) Reardon C/O 1960, Mr. Earl Wilhelm, Jr. C/O 1962, Mr. James Young C/O 2009.
At the 2nd Annual Membership Meeting held on September 22, 2011 the following people were elected and/or re-elected to the Board of Directors. Ms. Mary F (Garrison) Alvey C/O 1971, Mr. George Ezzell C/O 1966, Mr. David E. Hittle C/O 1986, Ms. Beverly Imus Jaggers C/O 1971, Mrs. Sandy Sheets Murphy C/O 1967, Ms. Leona (Lee) Reardon C/O 1960, Mr. Earl Wilhelm, Jr. C/O 1962, Mr. James Young C/O 2009.
On October 20, 2011, David A.W. Hittle, C/O 2007 was elected as the President of the Valley High School Alumni Association.
Lee Reardon remained as the Vice President.
On October 20, 2011, James Young was elected as the Secretary of the Valley High School Alumni Association.
Beverly Imus Jaggers remained as the Treasurer.
As of November 23, 2011 The association has grown to well over 260 members and continues to grow daily.

</doc>
<doc id="19250857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250857" title="The Judas Kiss (song)">
The Judas Kiss (song)

"The Judas Kiss" is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica, the fourth single taken from their ninth studio album, "Death Magnetic".
On September 8, 2008, it was made available for streaming on the band's official website, as well as a download (for Platinum Members only) from the "Death Magnetic" website Mission: Metallica. It has since been made available for purchase as a digital single in the iTunes Store. Part of the beginning to "The Judas Kiss" was also featured in an online video on the official website and Mission: Metallica revealing the album's title. The first live performance of the song was at the Trent FM Arena in Nottingham, UK on 25 February 2009 as part of their opening gig in the European leg of their World Magnetic Tour.
The song's title refers to The Bible, where Judas Iscariot betrayed Jesus by kissing him.

</doc>
<doc id="19250895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250895" title="Arthur E. Demaray">
Arthur E. Demaray

Arthur Edward Demaray (February 16, 1887 – August 19, 1958) was an American administrator and brief Director of the National Park Service.
A Washington, D.C., native, Demaray entered the government as a messenger at the age of 16, and worked his way through night school. He became a draftsman with the U.S. Geological Survey, where he testified effectively at Congressional and budget hearings and his writings stimulated park interest.
Demaray moved to the National Park Service (NPS) when its headquarters was first staffed in 1917. He served as associate director from 1933, and his brief tenure as Director (from April to December 1951), before his planned retirement, was a reward for his long and distinguished service. In the second spot during the tumultuous New Deal and the difficult wartime years (when he remained in Washington while the headquarters office relocated to Chicago), he proved an extremely effective administrator. 
Perhaps his greatest accomplishment was to maintain good working relations with Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes during the irascible secretary's 13-year regime (1933–1946). Demaray retired December 8, 1951 to live in Tucson, Arizona. He died in 1958 at Tucson, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="19250905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250905" title="10th New York Infantry">
10th New York Infantry

The 10th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was also known as the McChesney Zouaves or National Guard Zouaves.
Service.
The regiment was organized in New York City and was mustered in for a two year enlistment on November 23, 1861. Some members of the regiment were mustered out on May 7, 1863, while those who reenlisted remained in the regiment until June 30, 1865.
Casualties.
The regiment suffered 130 fatalities.

</doc>
<doc id="19250912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250912" title="Get Through">
Get Through

"Get Through" was released as the first single by Mark Joseph in 2003 for his debut album Scream.

</doc>
<doc id="19250917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250917" title="Lalanneia">
Lalanneia

Lalanneia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lalanneia mirabilis, which is found in French Guiana.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19250918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250918" title="Irena Salina">
Irena Salina

Irena Salina (born 8 July 1968) was born in France and acted in French theatre before moving to New York City to study at the Actors Studio. Her first short film, "See You on Monday", screened at the Hamptons International Film Festival. She is the niece of actor Philippe Noiret. 
"Ghost Bird: The Life and Art of Judith Deim" (2000), her first documentary film feature, played a number of festivals, winning the Best Documentary Award at the Fort Lauderdale Film Festival and the President’s Award at Mexico’s prestigious Ajijic International Film Festival. Her films are also shown on the Sundance Channel.
She is also the director of "" (2008), a documentary about the world water crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="19250922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250922" title="Ghencea cemetery">
Ghencea cemetery

Ghencea cemetery, located in Ghencea, Bucharest, Romania, has two branches, military and civilian. A number of prominent figures are buried there, including Nicolae, Elena and Nicu Ceauşescu, Gheorghe Argeşanu, Ilie Verdeţ, Costică Toma, Nicolae Tonitza and Florența Crăciunescu.

</doc>
<doc id="19250925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250925" title="Lambula">
Lambula

Lambula is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19250930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250930" title="Lambulodes">
Lambulodes

Lambulodes is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19250936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250936" title="Uxbridge College">
Uxbridge College

Uxbridge College (formerly Uxbridge Technical College) is a general further education college in the London Borough of Hillingdon. It has two campuses, in Uxbridge and in Hayes.
Facilities.
Uxbridge College has spent heavily on its buildings, facilities and IT systems, spending £38m over the last 12 years. Facilities include the £5m Mall and teaching centre completed in September 2006, the £6.3m Technical Institute, its professional-level hair and beauty salons, and training kitchens.
On the Uxbridge campus the Mall offers conference and classroom facilities alongside a coffee and relaxation area. It also houses student and learning support services and includes private offices for confidential meetings.
The Hayes Community Campus offers purpose-built facilities including professional level hair and beauty salons, a theatre for dance and drama performances, a nursery and a multi-gym.
The London Borough of Hillingdon has refurbished Uxbridge Lido which is now incorporated into a brand new sport and leisure centre with a 50m indoor swimming pool adjacent to Uxbridge College and Hillingdon Athletics Stadium called the Hillingdon Sports and Leisure Complex.
In 2010, Laraine Smith, principal of the college, was awarded an OBE for her services to further education.
In 2011, Uxbridge College launched a new sports department which includes a brand new gymnasium, a £6m sports hall, lounge area and two new 5-a-side football pitches with third generation turf and tarmac.
Ranking 2005-6.
In London, Uxbridge College came top in figures from the Learning and Skills Council beating the capital's 38 other further education providers.
Review 2008.
Following a one-week visit in May, inspectors from the government's education inspection body Ofsted gave the college the highest possible accolade for its standards, 'outstanding'.

</doc>
<doc id="19250939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250939" title="Lambulosia">
Lambulosia

Lambulosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Lambulosia aurantiaca, which is found in Papua New Guinea.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19250955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250955" title="Lamprosiella">
Lamprosiella

Lamprosiella is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19250958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250958" title="Nigel Murray">
Nigel Murray

Nigel Patrick Murray MBE (born 22 May 1964) is a British Paralympic athlete. He is a seven times national champion and triple Paralympic medal winner in the sport of boccia. 
Murray was born in Leamington Spa. He won gold in the BC2 class during the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. Although he only reached the quarter finals in Athens four years later he followed this up with a silver medal in the same event, and a gold medal in the team event, during the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. 
Since Beijing Murray has continued to win medals with a bronze in the European championship individual event in 2009 and a silver at the World championship a year later. He was part of the team that took gold at the 2009 Euros. He then took part in the 2012 Paralympics, winning Bronze in the Team BC1–2 event. 
Murray was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to boccia.
The current world number 1, Murray lives in Royal Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, and is a keen fan of Leamington F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="19250963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250963" title="David Callaway">
David Callaway

David J. E. Callaway is a biological nanophysicist in the New York University School of Medicine, where he is Professor and Laboratory Director. He was trained as a theoretical physicist by Richard Feynman and Cosmas Zachos, and was previously an Associate Professor at the Rockefeller University. Recently Callaway's laboratory discovered potential new therapeutics for Alzheimer's disease based upon apomorphine. An earlier paper of his developing models of Alzheimer amyloid formation, has been cited over 177 times in the Scopus database. He has also initiated the study of protein domain dynamics by neutron spin echo spectroscopy, providing a way to observe protein nanomachines in motion.
Previous work includes the invention of the microcanonical ensemble approach to lattice gauge theory with Aneesur Rahman, cited over 100 times, work on the convexity of the effective potential of quantum field theory, and work on Langevin dynamics in quantum field theory with John R. Klauder.
A monograph discussing Quantum triviality and whether an elementary scalar Higgs boson can exist was cited over 123 times in the HEP database. Another paper of his providing constraints on the Higgs boson has been cited over 103 times in that database as well. He has also published well-cited papers on topics including black holes, superconductors and protein chemistry.
Athletic accomplishments.
Dr Callaway is an avid expedition mountaineer and polar 
explorer. He was a competitor on the first Eco-Challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="19250964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250964" title="Coles Creek culture">
Coles Creek culture

Coles Creek culture is a Late Woodland archaeological culture in the Lower Mississippi valley in the southern United States. It followed the Troyville culture. The period marks a significant change in the cultural history of the area. Population increased dramatically and there is strong evidence of a growing cultural and political complexity, especially by the end of the Coles Creek sequence. Although many of the classic traits of chiefdom societies aren't yet manifested, by 1000 CE the formation of simple elite polities had begun. Coles Creek sites are found in Arkansas, Louisiana, and Mississippi. It is considered ancestral to the Plaquemine culture.
Features.
The Coles Creek culture is an indigenous development of the Lower Mississippi Valley that took place between the terminal Woodland period and the later Plaquemine culture period. The period is marked by the increased use of flat-topped platform mounds arranged around central plazas, more complex political institutions, and a subsistence strategy still grounded in the Eastern Agricultural Complex and hunting rather than on the maize plant as would happen in the succeeding Plaquemine Mississippian period. The culture was originally defined by the unique decoration on grog-tempered ceramic ware by James A. Ford after his investigations at the Mazique Archeological Site. He had studied both the Mazique and Coles Creek Sites, and almost went with the "Mazique culture", but decided on the less historically involved sites name.
Architecture.
Although earlier cultures built mounds mainly as a part of mortuary customs, by the Coles Creek period these mounds took on a newer shape and function. Instead of being primarily for burial, mounds were constructed to support temples and other civic structures. Pyramidal mounds with flat tops and ramps were constructed, usually over successive years and with many layers. A temple or other structures, usually of wattle and daub construction, would be built on the summit of the mound.
A typical Coles Creek site plan consisted of at least two and more commonly three, mounds around a central plaza. This pattern emerged in roughly 800 CE and continued for several hundred years. By late Coles Creek times, the site plans are often enlarged to include up to three more mounds. Sites typical of this period are Mount Nebo, Holly Bluff, Kings Crossing, and Lake Agnes. Many Coles Creek mounds were erected over earlier mortuary mounds, leading researchers to speculate that emerging elites were symbolically and physically appropriating dead ancestors to emphasize and project their own authority.
Material Culture.
Long distance trade seems to have been negligible at this time, as exotic goods and trade items are rare in Coles Creek sites. There is little evidence of domesticated or cultivated plants until the end of the Coles Creek period. Acorns are a dominant food source, supplemented with persimmons, palmetto, and some starchy seeds such as maygrass. Coles Creek populations may have loosely "managed" certain plant resources in order to promote a better or more consistent food supply. Maize is found in very limited quantities, but by 1000-1200 CE had begun to increase, although nowhere near the levels it would reach in later Mississippian times. The bow and arrow was introduced in this period, although the atlatl continued to be used. Pottery styles changed during this period, as people began to create more durable wares with more diversified uses. Wet clay was tempered with particles of dry clay to prevent cracking during firing. Most pots were decorated only on the upper half, usually with designs of incised lines or impressed tool marks. Colors ranged from tan, black, brown and gray, although the rare red example is known. Also, the rare effigy pot is found.

</doc>
<doc id="19250992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250992" title="Aegialites">
Aegialites

Aegialites is a genus of beetles in the Salpingidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="19250997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19250997" title="Streamers (film)">
Streamers (film)

Streamers is a 1983 film adapted by David Rabe from his play of the same title. The film was directed by Robert Altman and produced by Robert Michael Geisler and John Roberdeau ("The Thin Red Line"). The cast included David Alan Grier as Roger, Mitchell Lichtenstein as Richie, Matthew Modine as Billy, Michael Wright as Carlyle, George Dzundza as Cokes, and Guy Boyd as Rooney.
The entire cast was named Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival. The film was screened out of competition at the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.
Release.
"Streamers" premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 16, 1983. The film was later released onto DVD by Shout! Factory on January 19, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19251005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251005" title="W. Brett Wilson">
W. Brett Wilson

W. Brett Wilson, (born on July 1, 1957) is a Canadian entrepreneur, philanthropist and three-season panelist on CBC's "Dragons' Den". Wilson was born in North Battleford, Saskatchewan. He holds an Honorary Doctor of Laws from Royal Roads University.
Career.
Wilson graduated from the University of Saskatchewan with a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and worked for Imperial Oil for three years in the oilfields of Western Canada. In 1985 he graduated from the University of Calgary with an MBA program in entrepreneurship and began work as an investment banker with McLeod Young Weir Limited (now ScotiaMcLeod or Scotia Capital). Wilson co-founded an investment banking advisory firm, Wilson Mackie & Co., in 1991 and in 1993, co-founded FirstEnergy Capital Corp. with Rick Grafton, Jim Davidson and N. Murray Edwards. FirstEnergy is a Canadian stock brokerage firm that provides investment-banking services to global participants in the energy sector. With offices in Calgary, AB and London, England, the firm is now 20% owned by the French company Societe Generale. Wilson retired as Chairman of FirstEnergy in 2008. He invests in the energy, agriculture, real estate, sports, and entertainment industries through his primary holding company, Prairie Merchant Corporation. He is Chairman of Canoe Financial, a privately owned investment management firm focused on Canadian resources. After announcing his departure from Dragons' Den in early 2011, he participated in his own entrepreneurship-themed series, "Risky Business". He has a regular column on entrepreneurship in the "National Post." His sports interests include ownership in Derby County FC and the Nashville Predators of the NHL. In 2012, he published "" through Penguin Books.
Philanthropy.
Often described as a “capitalist with a heart”, Wilson sees corporate social responsibility not as an obligation, but as an opportunity, and believes that strategic philanthropy can create major social and economic benefits. He often takes a hands-on approach to philanthropy, including shaving his head to support Kids' Cancer Care, and climbing Mount Kilimanjaro to support Alzheimer’s research. He has for many years made annual trips with Youth with a Mission to Mexico to build homes for the poor. He has chronicled his philanthropic perspectives in a series of articles written for "Alberta Venture" magazine.
Wilson has focused his philanthropic initiatives on his home provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan. He is a supporter of his alma mater, the University of Saskatchewan, and established the Wilson Centre for Entrepreneurial Excellence there in 2007 to promote entrepreneurship in all Colleges at the University. He believes that all students should study a core curriculum of marketing, entrepreneurship and philanthropy starting in elementary school.
Specific events hosted by Wilson have supported prostate cancer, David Foster Foundation Right to Play, Little Warriors, Boomer's Legacy, 777 Run for Sight and Dare to Care and the Veterans' Food Bank. He is helping out the Tomorrow Project, a large research project to discover more about the causes of cancer and related prevention techniques. He is active on funding research into the issue of domestic abuse and has funded the Wilson Centre for Domestic Abuse Studies at the Calgary Counselling Centre. He is a supporter of the Canadian Olympic Swim Team. He also supports the sport of volleyball through the Rally Pointe volleyball centre in Calgary.
He has traveled to Afghanistan to visit front line Canadian troops, along with General Walter Natynczyk, Defence Minister Peter MacKay, hockey legend Guy LaFleur and actor Paul Gross and has hosted events to support military members and their families.
Personal.
Wilson was married to his engineering classmate Pamela Janzen from 1981 to 2001. Together they have three adult children.

</doc>
<doc id="19251013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251013" title="Radio Society of Sri Lanka">
Radio Society of Sri Lanka

The Radio Society of Sri Lanka (RSSL) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Sri Lanka. RSSL was founded on July 1, 1950 as the Radio Society of Ceylon by amateur radio operators, most of whom had originally been licensed under the authority of the British colonial administration. The organization would formally change its name to Radio Society of Sri Lanka in 1974, two years after the official name change of the country. RSSL operates a QSL bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular contact with amateur radio operators in other countries, and supports amateur radio operating awards and radio contests. The Radio Society of Sri Lanka represents the interests of Sri Lankan amateur radio operators before national and international regulatory authorities. RSSL is the national member society representing Sri Lanka in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19251014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251014" title="Bar-coded boarding pass">
Bar-coded boarding pass

BCBP (bar-coded boarding pass) is the name of the standard used by more than 200 airlines. BCBP defines the 2-Dimensional (2D) bar code printed on a boarding pass or sent to a mobile phone for electronic boarding passes.
BCBP was part of the IATA Simplifying the Business program, which issued an industry mandate for all boarding passes to be bar coded. This was achieved in 2010. 
Airlines and third parties use a barcode reader to read the bar codes and capture the data. Reading the bar code usually takes place in the boarding process, but can also happen when entering the airport security checkpoints.
The standard was originally published in 2005 by IATA and updated in 2008 to include symbologies for mobile phones and in 2009 to include a field for a digital signature in the mobile bar codes. Future developments of the standard will include a near field communication format.
Paper boarding passes.
Paper boarding passes are issued either by agents at a check-in counter, self-service kiosks, or by airline web check-in site. BCBP can be printed at the airport by an ATB (Automated Ticket & Boarding Pass) printer or a direct thermal printer, or by a personal laser printer. The symbology for paper boarding passes is PDF417. 
IATA's Board of Governors' mandate stated that all the IATA member airlines would be capable of issuing BCBP by the of end 2008, and all boarding passes would contain the 2D bar code by the end of 2010. The BCBP standard were published in 2005. It has been progressively adopted by airlines: End 2005, 9 airlines were BCBP capable; 32 by end 2006; 101 by end 2007; and 200 by end 2008 (source: IATA).
Mobile boarding passes.
'Paper is out, Cellphones are in' read the NY Times on March 18, 2008. BCBP can also be sent to mobile phones, via MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service), email, WAP Push or via an app. IATA's BCBP standard defines the three symbologies accepted for mobile phones: Aztec code, Datamatrix and QR code. The United Nations International Telecommunications Union expected mobile phone subscribers to hit the 4 billion mark by the end of 2008.
For Air France's VP Marketing, electronic boarding passes are 'the industry's next major technological innovation after e-ticketing'.
According to SITA's Airline IT Trend Survey 2009, mobile BCBP accounts for 2.1% of use (vs. paper boarding passes) and forecast rising to 11.6% in 2012.
At least 30 airlines use mobile BCBP: 
In Europe, Lufthansa was one of the first airlines to launch Mobile BCBP in April 2008. In the US, the Transportation Security Administration runs a pilot program of a Boarding Pass Scanning System, using the IATA BCBP standard.

</doc>
<doc id="19251023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251023" title="Bill Niles">
Bill Niles

William E. Niles (January 11, 1867 – July 3, 1936) was a Major League Baseball player. Niles played for Pittsburgh Pirates in the 1895 season. He played just eleven games in his career, having eight hits in 37 at-bats, a .216 batting average. 
Niles was born in Covington, Kentucky, and died in Springfield, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="19251036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251036" title="List of the largest United States colleges and universities by enrollment">
List of the largest United States colleges and universities by enrollment

This is a list of the largest United States colleges and universities by enrollment for colleges and universities in the United States.
What this list includes:
What this list does not include:
For other lists that measure university enrollment, see the See Also section below.
US Department of Education Ranking.
The US Department of Education's Integrated Post-secondary Education Data System contains information on all 7,316 officially-recognized institutions of higher education in the United States. The following is a list of the 20 largest institutions of higher education by Fall 2011 enrollment, meaning it is the number of unique individuals who were enrolled in at least one class on the 21st day of the Fall 2011 semester. Whether a system of individual campuses is counted as one or multiple institutions depends on how that institution is accredited and chartered. All data can be verified on the IPEDS system website.
Additional Rankings.
This list of rankings is gathered from individual institution websites, and may contain non-credit students and university systems containing separate institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19251039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251039" title="RSSL">
RSSL

RSSL could refer to one of several things:

</doc>
<doc id="19251057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251057" title="Javier Ideami">
Javier Ideami

Javier Ideami (Oviedo, Spain), founder of Ideami Studios, is a multidisciplinary Spanish Artist, entrepreneur and engineer.
Biography.
With studies in both artistic (Painting, Photography, Filmmaking, Design and Music) and technical fields (including 5 years of Computing Engineering), Javier has been working for years blending the arts and the sciences, receiving numerous awards for his work across different disciplines.
Exhibits.
Ideami has exhibited his creative work in many galleries around the world, some recent examples are:
Leading creative Teams.
Javier collaborates regularly with artists, architects, engineers and other creatives in innovative projects around the world. He is one of the founders of the creative group RAN winner of an award by the new museum of art and technology in Spain, Laboral
He was also the founder of the Web 2.0 online application Ewidi, an online social network in 33 languages that was cover of the Ariadna Magazine in Spain, and collaborates with many artists (example Arturo Vittori and Andreas Vogler in their Santa Rosa Project ). 
In 2008, after 2 years of research and building of prototypes, Javier co-founded Flaii, a creative software company based in Silicon Valley, California. In 2010 Flaii changed focus to target the social networking and gaming market. Javier continues developing and launching new ventures. These include the interactive creative app Posterini, accessed by hundreds of thousands of users all around the world., and the Springkite innovation and ideation online tool.
Filmmaking.
Javier is an award winning filmmaker, screenwriter, and director who on occasions works as well in the photography and music of his films.
His filmography includes the films
His films have won many awards and been present at numerous Film Festivals around the world (for example the London International Sci-Fi Film festival, the Ourense International Film Festival, The Gaudi Prices in Barcelona, San Francisco International SFShorts Film Festival )
Teaching and Conferences.
Javier regularly teaches art, creativity and technology masterclasses around the world (such as: Tuscany, London, San Francisco ).
He often gives conferences as well connected to his expertise and projects (example: At Stanford University in California, Conference in Sicily, Italy ). Ideami is also the founder of the SpringKite Business Innovation and Creativity Workshop, which combines unique tools and multiple creative disciplines to help balance the analytical and intuitive skills of employees and managers as well as learn new strategies to create and incubate novel ideas for businesses.
Books.
2010. The Moontamer. Illustrated book for Children.
Awards.
Javier has received numerous awards in different creative disciplines throughout the years, some examples from recent years are:

</doc>
<doc id="19251078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251078" title="List of awards and nominations received by The Pussycat Dolls">
List of awards and nominations received by The Pussycat Dolls

The Pussycat Dolls are an American girl group founded by American choreographer Robin Antin in 1995. The group achieved worldwide success in 2005 with their debut album PCD, and produced the hits "Don't Cha", "Buttons", and "Stickwitu". 
Their first single, "Don't Cha" was a hit, reaching number one in multiple countries including UK, Australia and Canada and peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100. The group won a Billboard Music Award for "Don't Cha" (Ralphi Rosario mix) as Hot Dance Music/Club Play Single of the Year.
The ballad "Stickwitu" was another top five in the U.S., selling over three million digital downloads and CDs worldwide. It was later nominated for a Grammy for Best Pop Performance By a Duo or Group.
Three years later the group released their second studio album Doll Domination, on September 23, 2008, which spawned the top ten worldwide hit "When I Grow Up" They have received the most nominations from the Billboard Music Awards where they have won three awards from them.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. The Pussycat Dolls have received two nominations.
ASCAP Awards.
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) is a not-for-profit performance rights organization that protects its members' musical copyrights by monitoring public performances of their music, whether via a broadcast or live performance, and compensating them accordingly. The Pussycat Dolls have received one award from the company.
Billboard Music Awards.
The "Billboard" Music Awards is sponsored by "Billboard" magazine and held annually in May. The awards are based on sales data by Nielsen SoundScan and radio information by Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems. The Pussycat Dolls have received two nominations.
Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Awards.
The "Billboard" R&B/Hip-Hop Awards reflects the performance of recordings on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Hot Rap Songs charts. The Pussycat Dolls have won one award.
BMI Awards.
Broadcast Music, Inc. (BMI) is one of three United States performing rights organizations, along with ASCAP and SESAC. It collects license fees on behalf of songwriters, composers, and music publishers and distributes them as royalties to those members whose works have been performed. The Pussycat Dolls have received four honors.
Brit Awards.
The Brit Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. The Pussycat Dolls have been nominated once.
Dolly Teen Choice Awards.
The Dolly Teen Choice Awards were established in 2006 by Dolly Magazine to honour achievements in music, fashion, sport, television and media personalities. The nominees are chosen by the magazine, and the winner is selected by public vote. The Pussycat Dolls have won one award.
ECHO Awards.
The Echo Awards is a German music award event which is held annually, where the year's winners are decided by the band's sales from the previous year.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States. The Pussycat Dolls have been nominated once.
International Dance Music Awards.
The Winter Music Conference was established in 1985. It is a part of the Winter Music Conference, a weeklong electronic music event held annually. The Pussycat Dolls have received two out four nominations.
Meteor Music Awards.
The Meteor Music Awards are the national music awards of Ireland, held every year since 2001 and promoted by MCD Productions. The Pussycat Dolls have received one nomination.
MOBO Awards.
The MOBO Awards (an acronym for Music of Black Origin) were established in 1996 by Kanya King. They are held annually in the United Kingdom to recognize artists of any race or nationality performing music of black origin. The Pussycat Dolls were nominated twice.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards were established in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year. The Doll received two awards from ten nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards Latin America.
The MTV Video Music Awards Latin America was established in 2002 to celebrate the most popular music videos from Latin and international artists. Rowland has been nominated once.
MTV Australia Awards.
The MTV Australia Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 2005 by MTV Australia. The Pussycat Dolls have been nominated four times. 
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards (EMA) were established in 1994 by MTV Networks Europe to celebrate the most popular music videos in Europe. The Pussycat Dolls have been nominated once.
MuchMusic Video Awards.
The MuchMusic Video Awards is an annual awards ceremony presented by the Canadian music video channel MuchMusic. The Pussycat Dolls have received five nominations.
Nickelodeon Kid's Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards is an annual awards show, that honors the year's biggest television, movie, and music acts, as voted by the people. The Pussycat Dolls have been nominated once.
NRJ Music Awards.
The NRJ Music Awards, created in 2000 by the radio station NRJ in partnership with the television network TF1. The Pussycat Dolls have received one award out of three nominations.
Soul Train Awards.
The Soul Train Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that was established in 1987 to honor the best in African American music and entertainment. The Pussycat Dolls have received two nominations.
Urban Music Awards.
The Urban Music Awards is a British awards ceremony launched in 2003 to recognize the achievement of urban-based artists, producers, nightclubs, DJ's, radio stations, and record labels. The Pussycat Dolls have received one nomination.
World Music Awards.
The World Music Award is an international awards show founded in 1989 that annually honors recording artists based on worldwide sales figures provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI). The Pussycat Dolls have received one nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19251083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251083" title="Nawab Ali Mohammad Khan Khakwani">
Nawab Ali Mohammad Khan Khakwani

Nawab Ali Mohammad Khan belonged to the Chopan zai clan of the Khogyani tribe. He was given the title of Nawab by Ahmad Shah Durrani because with his help Multan became the part of Durrani Empire. He was appointed as the governor of Multan for his services. He built the famous Mosque Ali Mohammad khan in Chowk bazaar and also constructed the Ali Mohammad Canal and developed Agriculture in the province.

</doc>
<doc id="19251094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251094" title="HD 154672">
HD 154672

HD 154672 is a yellow subgiant (spectral type G3 IV). It is about 65 parsecs away from the Sun that is larger than, but of a similar mass to, the Sun. However, HD 154672 is much older. The star is very metal-rich, which is one of the reasons why it was targeted for a planet search by the N2K Consortium, which discovered the gas giant planet HD 154672 b using Doppler Spectroscopy; the discovery was reported in October 2008. The N2K collaboration chose HD 154672 primarily because it aimed to discover the correlation between a star's metallicity and the mass of orbiting planets.
HD 154672 was targeted by the Magellan Telescopes. It is the host of the first planet discovered from the telescopes by N2K.
Observational history.
HD 154672 was first targeted for a planet search in 2004 by the N2K Consortium, a collaboration of astronomers hoping to take radial velocity measurements of previously untargeted stars using Doppler spectroscopy; however, HD 154672 had been previously targeted by a series of surveys, and was previously included in the Henry Draper catalog and the catalog of the European Space Agency's Hipparcos satellite.
N2K deliberately biased its search towards closely orbiting Jupiter-size planets (Hot Jupiters) in the orbit of metal-rich stars, as the consortium hoped to discover how the mass of a planet relates to its host star's metal content. Initially, HD 154672 was noted as a host to a short-orbit Hot Jupiter, although additional observations revealed that the prospective planetary body had a longer orbit than previously expected, as revealed by the Magellan Telescopes at Chile's Las Campanas Observatory.
Use of the Magellan Clay telescope's Magellan Inamori Kyocera Echelle spectrograph (MIKE) helped collect sixteen radial velocity measurements for HD 154672; a team of American astronomers and one from the Vatican City used these measurements to confirm the existence of planet HD 154672 b and to determine its mass.
The discovery of HD 154672's planet was reported in the "Astronomical Journal" on October 7, 2008 along with a planet in the orbit of HD 205739.
Host star.
HD 154672 is a sunlike G-type star that has a mass of 1.06 times that of the Sun and a radius that is 1.27 times that of the Sun. Thus, it is slightly larger than the Sun, although it has a similar mass. The star has an effective temperature of 5714 K, slightly cooler than the Sun; however, it is far richer in iron, with a measured metallicity of [Fe/H] = 0.26. This means that the star has 1.82 times more iron than the Sun does. HD 154672 is far older than the Sun, as its estimated gyrochronological age is estimated at 9.28 billion years. HD 154672's spectrum suggests that the star's chromosphere (its outer layer) is not active.
HD 154672 is located 65.8 parsecs (214.6 light years) away from Earth. It has an apparent magnitude (V) of 8.22, making the star too dim to see from Earth with the naked eye. The star is slightly dimmer than planet Neptune as perceived with the naked eye, which has an apparent magnitude of 7.78 at its brightest. The star's actual brightness is measured with an absolute magnitude of 4.12, similar to that of the Sun.
Planetary system.
HD 154672 b is a Hot Jupiter, as it is a closely orbiting planet with a high mass. Specifically, HD 154672 has a mass that is 5.02 times greater than Jupiter's mass. It also orbits at a distance of 0.6 AU, or about 60% of the mean distance between the Earth and Sun. This orbit is completed every 163.91 days.
HD 154672 b has an orbital eccentricity of 0.61, denoting a very elliptical orbit. The planet's discoverers noted that if water existed in the planet's atmosphere, it might change from a liquid state to a gaseous state as the planet swings closer to its host star, increasing its temperature.

</doc>
<doc id="19251108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251108" title="Lamprostola">
Lamprostola

Lamprostola is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19251114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251114" title="Bert Heffernan">
Bert Heffernan

Bertram Alexander Heffernan (born March 3, 1965 in Centereach, New York) is a former Major League Baseball player. Heffernan played for the Seattle Mariners in the season. He played just eight games in his career, having one hit in eleven at-bats.
Heffernan was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 9th round of the 1988 Major League Baseball Draft and signed on June 2, . 
After playing in the minor leagues for Milwaukee, he was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers in , but would not play in the majors for them.
Bert played for the Ottawa Lynx AAA (Expos) in 1995 and 1996 winning the International League Championship in 95. Bert was one of the main contributors in the Championship run for the Lynx.
After leaving the lynx Bert went on to play in Taiwan for 2 seasons and then the Expos hired Heffernan to be part of the coaching staff of the Cape Fear Crocs.
In 2002, he was inducted into the Clemson Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19251138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251138" title="Gustavo Trelles">
Gustavo Trelles

Gustavo Trelles (born 15 November 1955 in Minas) is a Uruguayan former rally driver. He competed actively in the World Rally Championship from 1988 to 1993, mainly with a Lancia Delta Integrale, and from 1996 to 2002, mainly with a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution. 
In the WRC, Trelles' best event result was third at the 1992 Rally Argentina with the Delta HF Integrale. His highest placing in the Drivers' World Championship was ninth, during the 1993 season, when he competed with a Delta Integrale for the Jolly Club team, finishing fourth at the Rally Argentina, fifth at the Acropolis Rally, sixth at the Rally Catalunya and seventh at the Rally New Zealand.
In the production car class, Trelles achieved much success with his Lancer Evolution. He won the FIA Group N Cup (now the Production World Rally Championship) title four years in a row from 1996 to 1999, and finished runner-up in 1990, 2000 and 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19251147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251147" title="Florence Dugdale">
Florence Dugdale

Florence Emily Dugdale (12 January 1879 - 17 October 1937) was a writer of children's stories and the second wife of Thomas Hardy.
Biography.
Dugdale was born in Edmonton, London, the daughter of school headmaster Edward Dugdale. Florence attended National Infants School in Enfield for two years until 1886, when she went to St Andrew's Girls School. At the age of 20 her parents paid ninepence a week for her to study at the Higher Grades School.
From 1895 onwards Florence's life would be centred around her teaching. She began training at St Andrew's Girls School, where she and her sister Ethel received prizes from the Diocesan Board of Education for "Religious Knowledge and a proficiency in secular subjects". In 1897 she became a fully qualified teacher at St Andrew's (her father's school).
Florence first met Thomas Hardy in 1905 aged 26. She became his passionate friend and helper, and eventually stopped teaching in 1908 - both to assist Hardy and begin her writing career. In 1912 she published her first book - "The Book of Baby Birds" - with Hardy's contribution. In the same year, Hardy's wife Emma died, and she moved into Max Gate in 1913. In 1914 they married at St Andrew's Church, Enfield, despite the 39 year age difference.
During the marriage Florence found herself increasingly in the shadow of Emma (whom, ironically, Thomas had neglected whilst she was alive). Thomas' frantic and subdued love poetry - obviously written with Emma in mind - was a cause of embarrassment and misery for Florence. Nevertheless, in 1928, when Hardy finally died aged 87, she was so stricken with grief that a doctor was required.
The Hardys befriended T.E. Lawrence, and Florence attended his funeral.
Florence Hardy died at Max Gate, Dorset, the home she had shared with Thomas, of cancer, aged 58. She was cremated in Woking, and her ashes were buried at Stinsford Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19251155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251155" title="Church of Our Lady of Egmanton">
Church of Our Lady of Egmanton

The Church of Our Lady of Egmanton is a parish church in the Church of England in Egmanton, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
History.
Parts of the church date back to Anglo-Saxon times. A restoration by Ninian Comper in 1896 to 1898 preserved the building but also introduced several fine features which create the distinctive interior. These include the organ case modelled on the one in the cathedral at Freiburg im Breisgau, the pulpit modelled on that in Ghent. The stained glass windows are also by Ninian Comper.
The shrine.
The shrine of Our Lady of Egmanton is within the parish church. The origin of the shrine is unknown, but it is likely to have been suppressed at the Reformation. Modern pilgrimages to it were restarted in 1929.
Organ.
The organ case is by Ninian Comper. The console is on the rood screen. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19251190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251190" title="Samoa at the Paralympics">
Samoa at the Paralympics

Samoa first competed at the Summer Paralympic Games in 2000, sending a single athlete to compete in track and field. The country has participated in every Summer Paralympics since then, but has never taken part in the Winter Paralympic Games, and has never won a Paralympic medal. Samoans have only ever competed in track and field events.

</doc>
<doc id="19251202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251202" title="Mehmet Türkmehmet">
Mehmet Türkmehmet

He currently plays for Karşıyaka S.K. in the TFF First League.

</doc>
<doc id="19251210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251210" title="Leo J. Shapiro &amp; Associates">
Leo J. Shapiro &amp; Associates

Leo J. Shapiro and Associates (LJS) is a privately owned market research firm that was founded in 1955 by Leo J. Shapiro. LJS maintains a central office in downtown Chicago, USA, with about 100 research professionals and staff members, as well as a network of global alliances to execute research nearly anywhere in the world. The firm’s reach extends to Europe, Asia, and Central and South America.
Background.
LJS is a quantitative market research firm that uses techniques including phone surveys, online studies and intercepts. LJS provides full-service qualitative research services such as focus group facilities, one-on-one interviewing and ethnography. 
LJS began as a market research firm grounded in the principles of social science and behaviorism. Leo received his Ph.D. in Sociology at the University of Chicago. In its first 20 years of operation, LJS helped pioneer many of the public-opinion survey and market research methods in common usage today.
Leo J. Shapiro & Associates is notable for creating The Stahler Inflation Pain Index, a survey that interviews a national sample of 450 households for an assessment of their financial situation and standard of living.
LJS invests approximately 10% of its profits each year in research. This research includes regular polling of U.S. consumer attitudes and trends (National Poll), Hispanic research, the consumer in China, as well as research in the pharmaceutical and health care market. 
The LJS National Poll has been tracking consumer trends and attitudes every month since January 1971. While each monthly poll provides a snapshot of American behavior and attitudes, the accumulated historical data helps to understand each of these snapshots in context. Tracked regularly are consumer spending and purchase intent for goods and services; household income, financial outlook, and job security; and attitudes toward inflation, savings, the stock market, and the President of the United States.

</doc>
