<doc id="19255355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255355" title="Colorado Amendment 51">
Colorado Amendment 51

Colorado Amendment 51 was a citizen’s initiative proposed by Wendy B. Rosanova of Centennial, CO, and Marijo Rymer, executive director of the The Arc of Colorado. It was turned down by 62.4% of the voters. If it had passed, Amendment 51 would have amended the Colorado statutes to:
Statement of intent.
(1) It is the intent of the People of the State of Colorado in enacting this initiative to eliminate the waiting lists for the continuum of long-term services for persons who, through no fault of their own, have developmental disabilities, including Autism, Cerebral Palsy, Down Syndrome and Mental Retardation. Long term health care services and supports at a minimum could include a place to live, help with daily living tasks, early intervention care, nursing services, training and employment. Providing funding to end Colorado’s waiting lists for children and adults with developmental disabilities will enable them to receive the necessary supports to live with dignity and be fully included in community life.
(2) As of November 2007 more than twelve thousand children and adults who have developmental disabilities were on waiting lists for long-term health care services and supports. Many of these children and adults wait more than ten years before receiving care. Many individuals need almost constant guidance and assistance due to behavioral or mental health problems, a lack of adaptive skills, major medical issues, and absence of family support. Further, many need assistance to eat, dress, bathe or use the bathroom. Some cannot speak or read and are seriously limited in their ability to express their needs. Still others are young children with autism who cannot access early intervention services that are so desperately needed and proven to be effective. Many of these children and adults and the families who care for them are at the point of an acute crisis due to their unfulfilled needs. The state does not provide back-up options for those in crisis, leaving many with no help at all.
(3) The People find the current circumstances unacceptable and do hereby enact a slight increase in the rate of the state sales and use tax – an amount equal to one or two pennies on a ten dollar purchase – to be phased in over a two-year period. The People acknowledge that current system infrastructure is insufficient to address the needs of all those on the waiting lists. A phased-in increase of revenue will allow time to build capacity in the current system to better serve those in need. It is the intent of the People that the revenues generated by this initiative be used to serve additional persons with developmental disabilities except in the event of a declaration of a state fiscal emergency as provided herein.
Services for people with developmental disabilities.
Services for people with developmental disabilities are delivered through a state and local system. The state administers the overall system; twenty local nonprofit agencies throughout the state determine a person's eligibility and arrange and provide services. Services are generally provided in the community or in the family home, and vary based upon the person's specific disability and needs.
In 2008 federal, state, and local government funding for these services is estimated at $372 million. The state's share of that total is about $184 million. This allows about 11,800 people to receive services.
Waiting lists for services.
There are currently about 9,700 adults and children on waiting lists for services within the next two years. That number is expected to grow to over 12,000 people by 2012. If funding to eliminate the waiting lists becomes available, a number of people who are not currently on a waiting list may seek services as services become more accessible. Thus, it is difficult to estimate the total number of people who are eligible for services and the cost to eliminate the waiting lists.
Estimate of fiscal impact.
State revenue.
The sales tax increase raises about $89 million in budget year 2010 and about $186 million in budget year 2011 to provide services for people with developmental disabilities. The state is also expected to receive about $19 million in 2010 and about $39 million in 2011 from the federal government to fund these services.
State spending.
Amendment 51 increases state administrative costs by about $100,000 in 2009, $315,000 in 2010, and $430,000 in 2011 to oversee the services provided to people with developmental disabilities and to implement the sales tax increase. These costs cannot be paid from the new sales tax money, but a portion will be paid with funding from the federal government.
Nonprofit agencies that provide services will experience additional costs of around $46 million in 2010 and $94 million in 2011. These costs include both providing the actual services to more people and startup and training expenses to accommodate the increase in services provided. The new sales tax money is expected to pay for some of these costs, with the remainder funded by the federal government. It is unlikely that all of the new sales tax money will be spent in the first several years because developing the capacity to serve the number of people who are on waiting lists will take time. Any sales tax money that is not immediately spent on services must be placed in reserve.
Impact on taxpayers.
Both individuals and businesses pay sales and use taxes. Businesses pay about 40 percent of the state's sales taxes; Colorado residents pay about half; and the remaining 10 percent is paid by visitors to the state. The additional amount of taxes paid by each Colorado household will depend on a household's income and number of people. A three-person household with around $55,000 in annual income is estimated to pay an additional $20 in state sales taxes in the first year of the tax increase and an additional $40 in the second year when the tax increase is fully in place.

</doc>
<doc id="19255358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255358" title="Leadbetter Point">
Leadbetter Point

Leadbetter Point is a point on the northwest coast of Pacific County in the state of Washington in the United States. It lies at the southern side of the entrance to Willapa Bay.
Leadbetter Point is located at . It was named in 1852 by James Alden for fellow U.S. Coast Survey officer Danville Leadbetter.
See also.
Leadbetter Point State Park

</doc>
<doc id="19255378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255378" title="Minna Itte Shimatta">
Minna Itte Shimatta

 
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Miyuki Nakajima.

</doc>
<doc id="19255386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255386" title="Thy Kingdom Gone">
Thy Kingdom Gone

Thy Kingdom Gone is a concept album and the sixth full-length album by the German gothic metal band Flowing Tears. The cover art was made by Seth Siro Anton, who has previously worked with bands such as Moonspell, Soilwork, and Paradise Lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19255397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255397" title="Campbell High School (Canberra)">
Campbell High School (Canberra)

Campbell High School is a school in Campbell, an inner suburb of Canberra, Australia, for students in years 7-10 in the Australian Capital Territory's education system.
The school is located at the foot of Mount Ainslie adjacent to CSIRO's buildings, with the front of the building running along Treloar Crescent, and the school oval facing Limestone Avenue.
History.
The school was opened in 1965 and was named for Scottish settler Robert Campbell who settled in the area in the early 1820s. The school maintains links to the Clan Campbell.
On 17 November 2011 President of the United States Barack Obama and Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard spoke to eighteen students at the school during Obama's visit to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19255403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255403" title="Qaralar, Imishli">
Qaralar, Imishli

Qaralar (also, Karalar) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,360. 

</doc>
<doc id="19255407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255407" title="Pickerel, Wisconsin">
Pickerel, Wisconsin

Pickerel is an unincorporated community in the northeast corner of Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States. The community is located on Wisconsin Highway 55, in the town of Langlade. Pickerel is northeast of Antigo, the county seat of Langlade County. Pickerel has a post office with ZIP code 54465. The community has a volunteer fire department, which also serves the Town of Ainsworth and part of the Town of Nashville in Forest County.

</doc>
<doc id="19255416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255416" title="Robert Cox (actor)">
Robert Cox (actor)

Robert Cox (died December 1655) was a seventeenth-century English actor, best known for creating and performing the "drolls" that were a permitted form of dramatic entertainment during the English Civil War and the Interregnum, when theatres were officially closed and standard plays were not allowed.
Gerard Langbaine called Cox an "excellent comedian." His origins and early history are obscure; he was with Beeston's Boys in 1639, but nothing else is known about his early life. "Cox probably was a strolling or country player..." through much of his career. Cox had one known connection with one of the theatre companies of the era: he was one of ten men who tried to re-organize the King's Men in December 1648, an attempt that, perhaps unsurprisingly, did not succeed.
Cox won his personal fame in writing and performing drolls — interludes or farces that usually consisted of comic scenes extracted and adapted from old dramas of English Renaissance theatre, by William Shakespeare ("Bottom the Weaver" was one droll), Ben Jonson, John Fletcher, and many others. Cox created at least eleven drolls, with titles like "Simpleton the Smith", "Bumpkin", "Hobbinat", "Simpkin", and "John Swabber the Seaman". As a performer, Cox was said to have been "irresistible" in his role of Young Simpleton.
Cox performed most often at the Red Bull Theatre, long a center of popular entertainment. By some reports he bribed local officials into looking the other way when his drolls grew too much like plays. If so, he was not entirely successful in his corruption: Puritan authorities raided the Red Bull in June 1653 looking for unauthorized drama, and found Cox, playing "Swabber". The gentry among the audience were required to pay five-shilling fines to exit.
A selection of Cox's drolls, including "Simpleton", "Oenone", and "Acteon and Diana", was published by the bookseller Edward Archer in 1656. Francis Kirkman printed some of Cox's drolls in his famous collections "The Wits, or Sport upon Sport" (1662, 1672).

</doc>
<doc id="19255424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255424" title="Zero Hour (band)">
Zero Hour (band)

Zero Hour is a progressive metal band formed by twin brothers Jasun Tipton and Troy Tipton in Pleasanton, California in 1993.
The band is signed by Sensory Label.
New vocalist Chris Salinas joined the band for their 2006 album "Specs of Pictures Burnt Beyond", replacing Fred Marshall. Salinas had previously fronted another progressive metal outfit, Power of Omens, which disbanded in 2005 after two albums.
The band has since disbanded due to Troy Tipton's arm injury. Jasun Tipton stated "...he had the surgery and has been working hard to get back into playing shape. He’ll never be perfect but he’s gaining some strength in his arm and pushing forward. Much of the Zero Hour material Troy played with a lot of left hand strength. In Zero Hour there’s a lot of tapping and legato bass line in the material. Troy can’t and will not put his arm through those problems again as he still has issues." Jasun & Troy are now focusing on two new projects: the instrumental act Abnormal Thought Patterns and the vocally-driven Cynthesis

</doc>
<doc id="19255426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255426" title="Yuxarı Qaralar">
Yuxarı Qaralar

Yuxarı Qaralar (also, Qaralar, Verkhniy Karalar, and Karalar) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,172. 

</doc>
<doc id="19255442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255442" title="Salix cordata">
Salix cordata

Salix cordata (sand dune willow, furry willow, heartleaf willow) is a perennial shrub that grows tall; plants taller than are rare. The plant is native to the northeast regions of the North American continent; it is found on sand dunes, river banks, and lake shores in sandy, silty or gravelly soils.

</doc>
<doc id="19255443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255443" title="Isa Meireles">
Isa Meireles

Isa Meireles (c. 1932 – 27 August 2008) was a Portuguese journalist, reporter and writer. Meireles began her professional career at the Diário Ilustrado. She also worked at the Diário de Lisboa and O Século Ilustrado. During the latter part of her career, Meireles wrote for the now defunct Agência Noticiosa Portuguesa (ANOP) news agency, from which she retired in 1984.
Meireles also wrote several children's stories.
She died unexpectedly at her home in Lisbon on 27 August 2008, aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="19255454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255454" title="Verkhniy Karalar">
Verkhniy Karalar

Verkhniy Karalar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19255457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255457" title="Samuel Leeke">
Samuel Leeke

Samuel Leeke J.P. of Havant, was Deputy Lieutenant for the Hampshire a major landowner and magistrate who died joining others in quelling a riot.
He was the son of Samuel Leeke, of Portsmouth. Samuel Leeke snr had been bequeathed Portsea manor by the previous owner John Moody; its manor house remains in the Leeke family. Leeke snr was also bequeathed a share of Havant manor. He died in 1775.
Samuel Leeke married Sophia, daughter of Capt. Richard Bargus of Fareham and Cheltenham, RN. She died on 4 April 1847.
Leeke died "from the effects of over-exertion in the suppression of a riot".

</doc>
<doc id="19255466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255466" title="Ewens Ponds">
Ewens Ponds

Ewens Ponds is a series of three water-filled limestone sinkholes on Eight Mile Creek south of Mount Gambier and east of Port Macdonnell, South Australia. The ponds are popular with recreational divers due to underwater visibility of up to 80 metres (264 feet). It has a large fish population including the endangered golden pygmy perch.
History.
The original inhabitants of the land were Aborigines of the "Boandik" tribe, part of a larger "Bunganditj" clan. The first European identified with the area was Thomas Ewens, whose dog chased a kangaroo into one of the ponds. The land surrounding the ponds was gradually cleared for agriculture and dairy farming and a drainage system built to draw water from the ponds for land sold for soldier settlement programs post-World War II.
In 1978 a trout farm was established utilising the waters flowing through Ewens Ponds. Although the ponds themselves are now part of a conservation park, the farm continues to operate. Water for the farm is drawn from the second pond, and wastewater discharged back into Eight Mile Creek downstream from the pond system.
Geography.
Each pond is a basin-shaped limestone doline approximately nine metres (30 feet) deep and connected to the others by shallow watercourses called "races". The beds are covered with a fine silt layer and the floor of the third pond also contains a natural shallow cave. The ponds are located in a narrow band of native bush land, surrounded by cleared terrain. The landscape is characteristic of karst topography, shaped by the gradual dissolution of soluble limestone to form hollows and small caves, along with numerous large and relatively deep sinkholes (true cenotes). 
The ponds contain extremely clear, high quality freshwater in which snorkellers and scuba divers can enjoy the wonder of swimming in a giant 'underwater garden', where the prolific plant life can easily be seen on the far side of each pond, more than 80 metres away in some areas. The clarity of the water also allows sufficient sunlight to penetrate that plant growth on the pond beds can reach up to six metres in height. The ponds are also occasionally affected by outbreaks of blue-green and other algae, though testing has found no evidence of health risks. In 2007 the South Australian Environmental Protection Agency suggested the algal blooms may be a result of continued concentrations of soluble nitrogen in both the ponds and the adjoining Eight Mile Creek, arising from infiltration of the groundwater by fertilisers, animal waste or wastewater.
Fauna.
The ponds are one of only three recorded locations for the golden pygmy perch ("Nannoperca variegata"). Other fish life includes schools of short-finned eel, river blackfish, pouched lampreys, mullet and common galaxias. The ponds are also home to populations of flatworms, freshwater crayfish and mussels, and the larva of the carnivorous caddis fly.
Recreational activities.
The ponds are owned by the South Australian Government's Department of Water, Land and Biodiversity Conservation and are managed as a conservation park by the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR). Plant and animal species in the ponds are protected and may not be removed. 
High underwater visibility, the presence of rare and interesting fish, invertebrates and plants and the ponds' unique photographic potential have made them popular with scuba divers. Of particular interest in these clear waters is the actual observation of photosynthesis - aquatic plants can be seen releasing thin trails of bubbles as they convert carbon dioxide into oxygen. However divers are prohibited from entering caves or crevices on the pond beds and strongly discouraged from disturbing the silt layer as the resulting turbidity may harm plant life. Divers enter at the First Pond, drift with the current through the First Race to the Second Pond, and then continue through the Second Race to the Third Pond before exiting the water via a ladder there. However, some divers (especially snorkellers) occasionally attempt to vigorously swim upstream through the races to return to Ponds One or Two, thereby disturbing the water plants lining the races, and this practice is strongly discouraged by the diving community. The general water temperature of the ponds is around 15 °C (60 °F).

</doc>
<doc id="19255471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255471" title="Feaster">
Feaster

Feaster is a surname that many (but not all) Pfisters from Bavaria and Switzerland took after immigrating to the United States. Notable people with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19255493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255493" title="Andrea Robinson (singer)">
Andrea Robinson (singer)

Andrea Robinson is an American singer and voice actress. She has been a chorus member and singing voice for other actresses in many films (animated and live action). Her most prominent job as a singing voice of another actress is Sister Mary Robert (Wendy Makkena) in "Sister Act". Her most prominent role in animation is the singing voice of Queen Athena in "."

</doc>
<doc id="19255494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255494" title="Bruce Greig">
Bruce Greig

Bruce Greig (May 9, 1953 – May 24, 2008) was a professional ice hockey winger who played nine games for the California Golden Seals of the National Hockey League and 60 games for the Calgary Cowboys, Cincinnati Stingers and Indianapolis Racers of the World Hockey Association.
After retiring from hockey he turned his exploits to powerlifting. He holds several Canadian powerlifting records, and eventually became President of the Canadian Powerlifting Council. He owned and operated a gym in Okotoks, Alberta with his wife, Wendy.
He died in a single-car collision in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19255506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255506" title="Samaritan Pacific Communities Hospital">
Samaritan Pacific Communities Hospital

Samaritan Pacific Communities Hospital is a 48-bed acute care medical facility located in Newport, Oregon, United States. Services include a level IV trauma center.
The hospital was built in 1952 as a 17-bed acute care facility. Since then, it has been remodeled and expanded to meet the growing needs of the community. Currently, the hospital is a 25-bed critical access hospital, with 380 employees, 110 of whom are nurses, and 120 volunteers.
It is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO).
Heliport.
The Pacific Communities Hospital Heliport is located at the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19255518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255518" title="Robert G. Vosper">
Robert G. Vosper

Robert Gordon Vosper (June 21, 1913-May 14, 1994) was an American educator and librarian who oversaw college libraries at the University of Kansas and the University of California, Los Angeles. Vosper served as president of the American Library Association (ALA) and won the Joseph W. Lippincott award in 1985. He was also named one of the top 100 librarians of the 20th century by "American Libraries".
Early years.
Vosper was born in Portland, Oregon, to parents Chester Vivian and Anna Stipe on June 6, 1913. Vosper received his Bachelor of Arts and Master's degrees in the field of Classics from the University of Oregon in 1937 and 1939, respectively. He then went on to pursue a degree in librarianship at the University of California at Berkley in 1940. On August 20, 1940, he married Loraine Gjording. The couple had one son and three daughters. 
Vosper's career as a librarian included directorships at the W.A. Clark Memorial Library and the library at the University of Kansas, as well as the director of libraries at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) where he began in 1961. In 1973, Vosper retired from his work at the library but continued to teach as a full time professor at UCLA's school of library science until 1983, followed by several years as a recall professor.
Contributions to the library profession.
Vosper is well known for his writings on the field of librarianship where his topics included the importance of building a strong book collection that included varied topics and other general aspects of library planning. His work "Acquisition Trends in American Libraries," written in 1955, stressed that book acquisitions and collection development were important aspects of any library and should not be overlooked in favor of a deepened concentration on other traditional occupational tasks such as cataloging and reference. Vosper felt that it was important to step away from the purely mechanical aspects of acquisitions in favor of using individuals interested in the subject matter of the books in question. This was a directive that Vosper practiced in both his professional career as a library director and as a professor in the field.
Another aspect of librarianship that Vosper worked to improve was in the area of interactions between libraries on an international level. During the McCarthy eraof the 1950s, Vosper became known both nationally and internationally as a member of the library profession willing to stand up for intellectual freedoms. Together with the Chancellor of the University of Kansas, Franklin D. Murphy, Vosper helped to create an internationally known exhibit on intellectual freedom. The exhibit's catalog became so well known and popular that 20,000 copies had to be printed.
In 1964, Vosper wrote for the professional journal "Library Trends" on the status and developments of European university libraries. He examined aspects of the American library system that he felt were lacking, such as deficiencies in the history of American libraries. Despite some of the international efforts being made at the time to improve international ties, Vosper felt that the profession was doing its patrons a disservice by not providing users with multilingual sources. He also felt that American users would benefit from understanding how libraries in Europe functioned, especially comparing the liberal access American users were accustomed to with the more controlled access available in several European nations.
Professional appointments and awards.
Vosper later became vice president of the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA) from 1971 to 1977, as well as a board member to the Board of the Council on Library Resources, an organization created to advance modern research and university libraries across the globe.
Vosper was well respected in his field, receiving many forms of recognition from his professional peers both nationally and internationally. From 1965-1966, Vosper served as president of the American Library Association and was awarded the Joseph W. Lippincott Award by the ALA in 1985. The Lippincott Award recognizes librarians distinguished by their service to the profession in the form of writings and participation in professional organizations, both areas in which Vosper was well accomplished.
In 1999, Vosper was recognized by "American Libraries" as one of the top 100 Librarians of the 20th Century for his work as a librarian at UCLA from 1961-1973. It was during his tenure at UCLA that Vosper further developed his reputation for standing firm on his beliefs on the true function of a library that he began during his employment at Kansas University. On May 6, 1970, Vosper was under pressure by UCLA’s administration to close the library due to antiwar protests taking place on the campus. In response to these instructions, Vosper posted a notice declaring his refusal to shut the doors on the grounds that the purpose of a library was to be a sanctuary devoted to the free access of intellectual and cultural information. By choosing to keep the UCLA libraries open during such unrest, Vosper is still seen as a person committed to preserving the library and its most basic function, being a portal of information no matter the circumstances. Vosper's actions in this situation showcase the importance of upholding the ethical obligations librarians face everyday.
Vosper’s international accolades include becoming a decorated officer in the Order of the Crown of Belgium in 1977 and being named a Guggenheim fellow from 1959 to 1960.
Later years.
After leaving the directorship at the UCLA's library in 1973, he stayed on as a faculty member at the university's library school. On May 14, 1994, at the age of 80, Robert G. Vosper died at his home in Los Angeles, California, where he was survived by his wife and children.

</doc>
<doc id="19255519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255519" title="Walter C. Whitaker">
Walter C. Whitaker

Walter Chiles Whitaker (August 8, 1823 – July 9, 1887) was an American farmer, attorney, and soldier. He served as an officer in the United States Army during the Mexican–American War, and also was a Union general during the American Civil War. After the war he returned to his profession as an attorney.
Early life and career.
Whitaker was born in the city of Shelbyville, located in Shelby County, Kentucky. He attended Bethany College in modern day West Virginia. Whitaker was working as a lawyer when the Mexican–American War began. In 1847 Whitaker volunteered for service during the war with Mexico, and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 6th Kentucky Infantry Regiment beginning on October 1. He served until July 21, 1848, when he was mustered out of the volunteers. 
After Mexico, Whitaker returned to home to Kentucky, where he began running a large farm. He then became a criminal law attorney in Shelbyville. Later he was elected as a legislator to the Kentucky General Assembly, serving until the American Civil War was well underway. While in the state senate, Whitaker proposed the resolution that set Kentucky on the side of the Union, ending the state's brief period of neutrality in the war.
Civil War service.
In late 1861 Whitaker chose to follow the Union cause and re-entered the U.S. Army. He was appointed the colonel of his old regiment, the 6th Kentucky, on December 24. The 6th fought at the Battle of Stones River in 1862, and Whitaker was wounded in his left elbow during the battle's first day on December 31. During the first day of the battle, his regiment defended the Round Forest as part of Col. William B. Hazen's brigade. 
On June 25, 1863, Whitaker was promoted to brigadier general, and given brigade command in the Army of the Cumberland that August. He fought at the Union defense at the Battle of Chickamauga that fall as part of Brig. Gen. Gordon Granger's Reserve Corps, and was again wounded, hit in his abdomen on September 20. He continued to serve in Army of the Cumberland, fighting at Lookout Mountain and Rossville Gap during the Third Battle of Chattanooga on November 23 and was once more wounded in action during the fight. He was reportedly so drunk at Chickamauga that his regimental commanders had to fend for themselves. At Lookout Mountain he was also "deep in his cups" though he was sober enough to order a charge that contributed to the Union success. 
Whitaker and his brigade then fought during the Atlanta Campaign of 1864. He participated in the inconclusive Battle of Resaca that spring, and received his last Civil War wound there on May 15 when he was injured by the concussion of an artillery shell which exploded nearby. He recovered by that fall and was given divisional command in the Army of the Cumberland beginning on September 19. Whitaker participated in the Battle of Franklin on November 30, 1864, and then at the Battle of Nashville on December 15 and 16, serving under Maj. Gen. George H. Thomas.
On March 13, 1865, Whitaker was appointed a brevet major general for his actions near Atlanta, Georgia, on that date. He was then mustered out of the Union Army on August 24, after the end of the American Civil War.
Postbellum.
After leaving the U.S. Army, Whitaker was a lawyer in Louisville, Kentucky, again in criminal cases. He also reportedly drank to excess most of his life, and spent some years in a mental asylum after the war. Whitaker died at the age of 63 in Lyndon, Kentucky, supposedly in full mental health, and was buried in Shelbyville's Grove Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19255520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255520" title="With Dave Holland and Elvin Jones">
With Dave Holland and Elvin Jones

With Dave Holland and Elvin Jones is the 14th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 2001 and features performances by Frisell, Dave Holland and Elvin Jones.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by John Duffy awarded the album 3.5 stars stating "What can you expect but good things from a date featuring three players of such high pedigree. With Dave Holland and Elvin Jones representing the steadfast rhythm sections of old, and with Frisell's post-modern tones being among the finest voices moving jazz forward, a date like this should easily yield some classic moments. But Frisell comes up with only partial melodies and bare bones sketches for the band to play. Jones sounds at times utterly bored with his rhythm duties, desperate for a chance to stretch out. Frisell himself is often hesitant. Henry Mancini's "Moon River" and Stephen Foster's century-and-a-half old "Hard Times" together offer brief glimpses of levity, but cannot save the set entirely.".

</doc>
<doc id="19255538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255538" title="Muradxanlı, Imishli">
Muradxanlı, Imishli

Muradxanlı (also, Muradkhanly and Myurakhany) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,830. 

</doc>
<doc id="19255549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255549" title="Morobe, Papua New Guinea">
Morobe, Papua New Guinea

Morobe is a small coastal village located in Morobe Bay, in the south of Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.
History.
An administrative post for the protectorate of German New Guinea, it was occupied by Australian troops of the Australian Naval and Military Expeditionary Force in 1914 during World War I.
During World War II, Morobe was occupied by the Imperial Japanese in 1942. On 3 April 1943 the United States army liberated Morobe. The village and surrounding area became a staging point for American and Australian troops during the New Guinea campaign.
Nearby Yanina village made headlines around the world after Thomas Eri, a sex cult leader who promised bumper banana crops for those who had sex in public in front of him, escaped from police with seven of his naked followers.
Airport.
Morobe is serviced by Morobe airport.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19255553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255553" title="Francis R. Long">
Francis R. Long

Francis Reid Long (May 19, 1812-June 22, 1881) was Kansas City Mayor in 1869 and founder of what would become Commerce Bancshares.
Long was born in Woodford County, Kentucky
After moving to Kansas City he joined with Nathaniel Grant and A.S. Branham to found the Long, Grant & Company which in turn would become the Kansas City Savings Association.
During Long's term the Hannibal Bridge—the first bridge to cross the Missouri River—opened. The bridge would establish Kansas City as the dominant city in the region. With the bridge came the founding of the Kansas City Stockyards.

</doc>
<doc id="19255554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255554" title="1997 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
1997 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

David Adams and Marius Barnard were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Adams with Olivier Delaître and Barnard with Piet Norval.
Barnard and Norval lost in the first round to Hendrik Jan Davids and Menno Oosting.
Adams and Delaître lost in the quarterfinals to Libor Pimek and Byron Talbot.
Jacco Eltingh and Paul Haarhuis won in the final 7–6, 6–4 against Pimek and Talbot.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19255591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255591" title="Leadbetter">
Leadbetter

Leadbetter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19255596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255596" title="Crane High School (Chicago)">
Crane High School (Chicago)

Richard T. Crane Technical Preparatory High School (commonly known as Crane Tech Prep or Crane Tech High School) is a public 4-year high school located in the Near West Side neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, United States. The school is operated by Chicago Public Schools. It is named for businessman Richard T. Crane.
History.
Crane was founded as a males-only school at 12th Street and Michigan Avenue in 1890. It was originally known as the English High and Manual Training School. In 1903, the school moved to its present location and was renamed in honor of businessman Richard T. Crane. When the school went co-ed in 1954, it began to de-emphasize its "technical" label, though it continued to offer courses like auto shop and drafting. Between 1911 and 1969, the school shared its building with Crane College, the first junior college in Chicago. The college moved out in 1969 and is now known as Malcolm X College. On November 30, 2011, Chicago Public Schools CEO Jean-Claude Brizard announced that Crane, along with several other schools, would either be closed or phased out. Under this plan, Crane would remain open but no longer accept freshman students, who would be routed instead to either Wells, Manley, Marshall, or Farragut. In April 2012, however, Brizard announced that Crane would be retained and redeveloped into a health sciences high school.
School Violence.
In recent years, the Crane community has struggled with violence. During the 2007–2008 school year, one student was fatally shot and another was severely beaten by a golf club. A third student, who had recently transferred out of Crane to an alternative school, was shot to death during a dice game. As an attempt to quell violence, Crane was one of ten schools in Chicago invited to participate in the Txt2Tip program, through which students are encouraged to send anonymous text messages to police.
Neighborhoods Served.
The Single Student Residence (SSR) of the University of Illinois at Chicago is zoned to Crane High School. One floor of the SSR is devoted to a pilot program for students with families.
Athletics.
Crane became a charter member of the Chicago Public League in 1913. Since then, it has won eleven city titles in boys' basketball (1921, 1928, 1929, 1931, 1932, 1940, 1957, 1964, 1968, 1972, 2003). The school has produced a number of professional basketball players (see below).

</doc>
<doc id="19255641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255641" title="Matsuo Yokoyama">
Matsuo Yokoyama

Matsuo Yokoyama (March 31, 1927) was president of Walt Disney Enterprises of Japan from 1989 to 1994. As a merchandise representative in the early 1960s he was responsible for establishing the enforcement of Disney's intellectual property rights in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19255661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255661" title="Elijah M. McGee">
Elijah M. McGee

Elijah McGee (May 10, 1819 – February 11, 1873) was a Democratic Kansas City Mayor in 1870 and a developer whose family name is applied to many streets in Kansas City.
McGee was born in Shelby County, Kentucky. His family moved to Kansas City to Clay County, Missouri and then to Jackson County, Missouri where they bought a half section of land of what is now Downtown Kansas City. When McGee was 12 he ran away from home to Texas. He returned to Kansas City in 1841. He made a fortune in the California Gold Rush and used the money to build the Southern House hotel at 16th and Grand. The hotel would become a hotbed of southern sympathizers in the Bleeding Kansas war.
McGee arranged to meet steamboats on the Missouri River with bands.

</doc>
<doc id="19255690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255690" title="Mole Lake, Wisconsin">
Mole Lake, Wisconsin

Mole Lake, Wisconsin is an unincorporated census-designated place located in the town of Nashville in Forest County, Wisconsin, United States. The community is located on Wisconsin Highway 55 in the Mole Lake Indian Reservation. As of the 2010 census, its population is 435. Mole Lake has an area of ; of this is land, and is water. It is named after the Mole Lake tribe. The tribe's Mole Lake Casino is located in the community.

</doc>
<doc id="19255696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255696" title="Ian Akin">
Ian Akin

Ian Akin (born July 28, 1959 in California) is a comic book artist, known primarily for inking. Along with his inking partner, Brian Garvey, Akin worked on many superhero comics (mostly for Marvel Comics) from 1982–1988.
Biography.
Akin grew up in southern California, in Riverside County. At age 13, he and his mother and sister moved to San Francisco.
Akin's first professional job was producing artwork for Larry Fuller's "New Funny Book" in 1978. Around this time he met Brian Garvey, who shortly joined Akin's small, San Francisco-based studio.
Akin & Garvey.
In 1982, Akin began his ten-year partnership with Garvey, inking for Marvel Comics on "ROM Spaceknight" #34 (Sept. 1982), over Sal Buscema's pencils. Akin & Garvey became the regular "ROM" inkers for almost two years, until 1984. During that time, they also provided the inks for the 1982 Marvel mini-series "Vision and the Scarlet Witch". In 1984, the pair inked the four-issue mini-series "Starriors" and issue four of the mini-series "The Transformers" for Marvel. The pair inked issues #190–209 of "Iron Man", as well as three years working on "The Transformers".
In the mid-1980s, the pair branched out, producing work for DC Comics, where they worked on comics including "Firestorm" (for five consecutive issues) and "The Warlord"; Pacific Comics; and Savage Graphics, while continuing to produce covers and interior art for Marvel. Akin & Garvey worked for Continuity Comics between 1986 and 1992, on titles including "Megalith", "Ms. Mystic" and "Samuree".
In the early 1990s, Akin (and Garvey) produced work for Disney Comics, on titles featuring Jessica Rabbit and The Little Mermaid, and others. The inking duo disbanded in 1992 to pursue separate projects. 
In the early 2010s, Akin & Garvey reunited to do commercial illustration and comics work.
Solo work.
Between 1994 and 1995, Akin produced covers for "Disney Digest" reprints, including for Darkwing Duck. He continued to produce work steadily for Marvel through the 1990s, notably as the regular inker on Marvel's "Darkhawk" from 1993–1995, and "Professor Xavier and the X-Men" from 1995–1997. He was a regular inker on the 1990s incarnation of "What If...", but since the mid-1990s, Akin has no significant published credits.

</doc>
<doc id="19255700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255700" title="LeRoy radius">
LeRoy radius

The LeRoy radius, derived by Robert J. LeRoy, defines the internuclear distance between two atoms at which LeRoy-Bernstein theory (sometimes called near-dissociation theory) becomes valid.
LeRoy-Bernstein theory is a semi-classical (WKB) approach for describing vibrational energy levels near the molecular dissociation limit. In this limit, the interaction potential between two atoms can be approximated as formula_1, which gives rise to a simple analytical approximation for the vibrational energy levels:
In this expression, formula_3 is a simple function depending only upon "n" and "C""n", and formula_4 can be identified as an effective vibrational quantum number at dissociation.
LeRoy later defined an expression for the radius that approximates a boundary between the region where electron exchange (quantum-mechanical) terms are prominent, and the region where atoms and molecules approximately interact through the laws of classical physics and, thus, LeRoy-Bernstein theory (as independent charge distributions and van der Waals interactions expressible as a power series in the internuclear separation).
This radius is defined as
where "rA" and "rB" denote the atomic radii of the two atoms.
For formula_6, the internuclear potential can be reasonably approximated by charge independent atomic distributions, and the vibrational levels can be well described by LeRoy-Bernstein theory.
For formula_7, there is no generally applicable expression for the internuclear potential. Likewise, there is no analogous expression for the vibrational level energies for this region and more sophisticated approximations must be employed.
A derivation of a more general expression, called the "m"-dependent LeRoy radius, which depends on the magnetic quantum number ("m"), was derived in 1995. This expression yields the traditional LeRoy Radius in the special case of a spherical, S-state, atom.
The LeRoy radius is described in high school level chemistry textbooks in Ontario (particularly, in Nelson Chemistry 12, which is the standard required textbook for grade 12 chemistry education in Ontario).

</doc>
<doc id="19255711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255711" title="Agricultural and Marketing Research and Development Trust">
Agricultural and Marketing Research and Development Trust

The Agricultural and Marketing Research and Development Trust (AGMARDT) was established in October 1987 by the government of New Zealand. Its purpose is the "promotion and encouragement of New Zealand's interest in the agricultural, pastoral, horticultural and forestry industries".
Funds for the establishment of the trust came from the winding up of the British, Christmas Island and New Zealand Phosphate Commissions.
The trust's 2007 report shows grants made in the 2007 year totalling $NZ2.3 million.
Current operations.
In carrying out its functions, the trust provides grants for research within New Zealand's agricultural, horticultural, pastoral and forestry industries, including farming projects, industry support, doctoral scholarships, post-doctoral fellowships and conference funding
The current trustees are:

</doc>
<doc id="19255713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255713" title="Northwestern Minnesota Synod">
Northwestern Minnesota Synod

The Northwestern Minnesota Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America is a synod, or diocese of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA). The synod consists of all the congregations within its territory which includes 21 counties in northwestern Minnesota. The synod is headed by a bishop, currently the Reverend Lawrence Wohlrabe, and a synodical council. The bishop is elected to a six year term by the synod assembly which meets every year and consists of all "rostered" ministers assigned to the synod and lay representatives from each congregation.
The synod was created when the ELCA was formed in 1988 as a result of the merger between the ALC, AELC and LCA. 
The synod's offices are located at Concordia College, Moorhead, Minnesota, 56562.

</doc>
<doc id="19255718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255718" title="Yuri Nyrkov">
Yuri Nyrkov

Yuri Aleksandrovich Nyrkov () (June 29, 1924, Vyshny Volochyok, Russian SFSR – December 20, 2005, Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Nyrkov made his debut for USSR on July 15, 1952, in an Olympics game against Bulgaria.
Personal.
He served in the army in World War II. After his retirement from soccer he returned to service and eventually reached the rank of Major General.

</doc>
<doc id="19255721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255721" title="Xoşçobanlı">
Xoşçobanlı

Xoşçobanlı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19255728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255728" title="Newport City, Philippines">
Newport City, Philippines

Newport City is a 25-hectare area set next to the Villamor golf course and Terminal 3 of the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) in Metro Manila, Philippines. It was developed by Megaworld Corporation under its subsidiary Megaworld Newport Property Holdings, Inc. and houses Resorts World Manila.
Master Plan.
It combines a residential block, hotels including Marriott and Maxims, a themed entertainment and commercial hub, a cyberpark and an institutional center.
Environmental Issues.
Only 40 percent of the low-density enclave was set aside for buildings. The rest of the area is dedicated for parks and landscaped gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="19255754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255754" title="Carmelita (name)">
Carmelita (name)

Carmelita is a feminine given name in Spanish and English.

</doc>
<doc id="19255758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255758" title="Brian Garvey (comics)">
Brian Garvey (comics)

Brian Garvey (born September 18, 1961) is a comic book artist, known primarily for inking. Along with his inking partner, Ian Akin, Garvey worked on many superhero comics (mostly for Marvel Comics) from 1982–1988.
Biography.
Garvey met Akin in San Francisco in the late 1970s, through the community around Gary Arlington's San Francisco Comic Book Company. Joining Akin's small studio, the pair began working together. Their first professional job was on "ROM Spaceknight" #34 (Sept. 1982), inking over Sal Buscema's pencils. Akin & Garvey became the regular "ROM" inkers for almost two years, until 1984. During that time, they also provided the inks for the 1982 Marvel mini-series "Vision and the Scarlet Witch". Also in 1984, the pair inked the four-issue mini-series "Starriors" for Marvel. Moving over to DC Comics in 1985, the inking team worked on "Firestorm" for five consecutive issues. Back at Marvel, Akin & Garvey inked issues #190–209 of "Iron Man", and then worked on "The Transformers" for two years, until 1988. For the next three years, Akin & Garvey worked sporadically, for clients ranging from Marvel to DC to Continuity Comics.
As a solo freelancer, Garvey worked steadily through the 1990s, for DC, Marvel, and Dark Horse Comics; most notably as the inker on the entire run of DC's "Gunfire" from 1994–1995, and inker for DC's "The New Gods" in 1995–1996. Since the 1990s, Garvey has no significant published comics credits.
Fromm 1998–2002, Garvey worked with DreamWorks Animation on such films as "The Prince of Egypt", "The Road to El Dorado", and "".
In the early 2010s, Akin & Garvey reunited to do commercial illustration and comics work.

</doc>
<doc id="19255759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255759" title="San Buenaventura Mission Aqueduct">
San Buenaventura Mission Aqueduct

The San Buenaventura Mission Aqueduct was a seven-mile long, stone and mortar aqueduct built in the late 18th and/or early 19th century to transport water from the Ventura River to the Mission San Buenaventura in Ventura, California.
Accounts vary greatly as to when the aqueduct was built. One account indicates it was built between 1780 and 1790 by the Chumash Indians under the direction of a Spanish priest trained in hydrology. Others place its construction in the 1790s, and yet another indicates it was built between 1805 and 1815 by stonemasons brought from Mexico.
The aqueduct supplied water for the residents of Mission San Buenaventura and irrigation for the mission's pasture and agricultural lands. Water from the aqueduct helped the mission flourish.
Few vestiges of it remain today. Large sections were reportedly destroyed in a great flood in the early 1860s, and settlers used stones from the old aqueduct to build homes. The combined effects of floods, land cultivation, neglect and land development reduced most of the aqueduct to rubble. The only significant section that remains is located at the mouth of Canyada canyon on land that was formerly known as Rancho Cañada Larga o Verde owned by the Canet family from 1873 until at least the 1960s. This remaining section is 100 feet long and ten feet high, and is believed to have "served as a siphon, drawing water uphill through conduits." The location is at 234 Canada Larga Road near the road's interchange with the Ojai Freeway. 
In the early 1970s, the Ventura County Cultural Heritage Commission led a fight to preserve the remaining piece, declaring it a county landmark in 1972. The following year, county supervisors voted to purchase the site. In 1975, the aqueduct site was added to the National Register of Historic Places, and in 1977 the aqueduct site was fenced off to protect it from vandalism. It was also recognized as a California Historical Landmark in 1985.
A controversy arose in 1989 when a newly discovered three-foot section of the aqueduct was demolished during construction of a house. The Ventura County Cultural Heritage Board sought to prevent further demolition, and the owner built his home over the aqueduct, preserving a 20-foot-long section in his basement.
In recent years, preservationists have raised concerns about the failure of the county to take action to protect the remaining section of the aqueduct on Canada Larga Road. In 1998, the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that "the lone surviving significant chunk of what was once the seven-mile San Buenaventura Mission Aqueduct sits forlornly in a weed-filled corner of an orchard near a freeway offramp north of the city." Though the site is owned by the county, and the head of the county's Cultural Heritage Board called it "an engineering marvel" in sore need of preservation, the county has lacked funds, and the effects of El Nino rains continued the deterioration of the aqueduct.

</doc>
<doc id="19255802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255802" title="New Zealand State Highway 96">
New Zealand State Highway 96

State Highway 96 is a New Zealand State Highway connecting the Southland communities of Mataura, Winton, and Ohai. Starting at State Highway 1 the highway is 92 kilometres in length and runs in a general east-west direction. In Winton State Highway 96 runs concurrently with State Highway 6 for 1.6 kilometres.
Route.
SH 96 starts just south of Mataura in the Mataura River Valley and rises to the feet of the Hokonui Hills. The highway skirts the southern end of the hills as it passes through the localities of Te Tipua, Waitane and Glencoe. At Hedgehope, the road swings towards the northwest from the west as it passes through Springhills and Browns to emerge on the Southland Plains at Winton, the highway begins its 1.6 km long concurrency with State Highway 6.
After ending concurrency and crossing the Oreti and Aparima Rivers the highway continues proceeding in a north-westerly direction towards Wreys Bush and Nightcaps. The highway eventually terminates in the coal-mining community of Ohai, but the road itself continues skirting the Longwood Range, and becomes State Highway 99 at Clifden.

</doc>
<doc id="19255877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255877" title="Kill Speed">
Kill Speed

Kill Speed is a 2010 action film directed by Kim Bass, starring Andrew Keegan, Brandon Quinn, Nick Carter, Natalia Cigliuti and Greg Grunberg.
Plot.
The film is set in the scorched desert of Southern California and Keegan, Quinn, Natalia Cigliuti, Nick Carter, Reno Wilson, Christian Monzon and Greg Grunberg play characters involved in a high-octane “TOP GUN” meets “FAST & FURIOUS” type tale about best friends who fly super fast, high-tech, experimental airplanes to deliver Mexican manufactured crystal meth throughout California in order to fund their Hollywood, rock-star lifestyle. But when a beautiful young woman, who is not what she pretends to be, infiltrates their group it sends their world and illicit operation into a tailspin.
The film, which incorporates incredible, never-been-done-before, air-to-air filming of actual airplanes (including 300 mph propeller driven, experimental race planes and military fighter jets) with all the actors actually in the airplanes and, in some cases, at the controls while delivering dialogue.
Cast.
Andrew Keegan - Strayger
Brandon Quinn - Rainman
Natalia Cigliuti - Rosanna
Nick Carter - Forman
Reno Wilson - Kyle Jackson
Greg Grunberg - Jonas Moore
Christian Monzon - Escondido
Graham Norris - Einstein
Tom Arnold - Rhaynes
Bill Goldberg - Big Bad John
Robert Patrick - President
Joshua Alba - Vasquez
Big Rick Hoffman - Biker Henchman #1
Chris Maida - Biker Henchman #2
Chris Callen - Biker Henchman #3

</doc>
<doc id="19255886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255886" title="Smith D. Woods">
Smith D. Woods

Smith D. Woods (December 2, 1830 – December 28, 1888) was a Democrat Mayor of Kansas City in 1874 and 1875.
He was born in Indiana. After moving to Kansas City he operated a furniture store and then concentrated on real estate.

</doc>
<doc id="19255892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255892" title="Dalmatian (dog)">
Dalmatian (dog)

The Dalmatian is a breed of dog named after the historical region of Dalmatia. The Dalmatian is noted for its unique black or liver spotted coat and was mainly used as a carriage dog in its early days. Today, this dog remains a well-loved family pet, and many dog enthusiasts enter their pets into the competitions of many kennel clubs.
Characteristics.
Body.
The Dalmatian is a mid-sized, well-defined, muscular dog with excellent endurance and stamina. When full grown, its weight normally ranges between and it stands from tall, with males usually slightly larger than females. The body is as long from forechest to buttocks as it is tall at the withers, and the shoulders are laid back. The Dalmatian's feet are round with well-arched toes, and the nails are usually white or the same colour as the dog's spots. The thin ears taper towards the tip and are set fairly high and close to the head. Eye color varies between brown, amber, or blue, with some dogs having one blue eye and one brown eye, or other combinations.
Coat.
Dalmatian puppies are born with plain white coats and their first spots usually appear within three weeks after birth. After about a month, they have most of their spots, although they continue to develop throughout life at a much slower rate. Spots usually range in size from 30 to 60 mm, and are most commonly black or brown (liver) on a white background. Other, more rare colors, include blue (a blue-grayish color), brindle, mosaic, tricolored (with tan spotting on the eyebrows, cheeks, legs, and chest), and orange or lemon (dark to pale yellow). Patches of color appear anywhere on the body, mostly on the head or ears, and usually consist of a solid color.
The Dalmatian coat is usually short, fine, and dense, although smooth-coated Dalmatians occasionally produce long-coated offspring, which shed less often. They shed considerably year-round. The short, stiff hairs often weave into carpet, clothing, upholstery and nearly any other kind of fabric and can be difficult to remove. Weekly grooming with a hound mitt or curry can lessen the amount of hair Dalmatians shed, although nothing can completely prevent shedding. Due to the minimal amount of oil in their coats, Dalmatians lack a "dog" smell and stay fairly clean.
Uses.
The Dalmatian is often used as a rescue dog, guardian, athletic partner, most often an active family member, and can be used as a fire dog .
Litter size.
Dalmatians usually have litters of 9 to 13 pups, but they have been known to have larger litters on occasion, such as a massive eighteen puppy brood born in January 2009 (all were healthy).
Health.
Dalmatians are relatively a healthy and easy to keep breed. Like other breeds, Dalmatians display a propensity towards certain health problems specific to their breed, such as deafness, allergies and urinary stones. Reputable breeders have their puppies BAER (Brainstem Auditory Evoked Response) tested to ensure the status of the hearing on their pups. Hip dysplasia (which affects only 4.6% of purebred Dalmatians) is not a major issue in this breed. The Dalmatian Club of America lists the average lifespan of a Dalmatian at between 11 and 13 years, although some can live as long as 15 to 16 years. Breed health surveys in the US and UK shows an average lifespan of 9.9 and 11.55 years, respectively. In their late teens, both males and females may suffer bone spurs and arthritic conditions. Autoimmune thyroiditis may be a relatively common condition for the breed, affecting 11.6% of dogs.
Deafness.
A genetic predisposition for deafness is a serious health problem for Dalmatians; only about 70% have normal hearing. Deafness was not recognized by early breeders, so the breed was thought to be unintelligent. Even after recognizing the problem as a genetic fault, breeders did not understand the dogs' nature, and deafness in Dalmatians continues to be a frequent problem.
Researchers now know deafness in albino and piebald animals is caused by the absence of mature melanocytes in the inner ear. This may affect one or both ears. The condition is also common in other canine breeds that share a genetic propensity for light pigmentation. This includes, but is not limited to Bull Terriers, Dogo Argentinos, Poodles, Boxers, Border Collies and Great Danes.
Only dogs with bilateral hearing should be allowed to breed,
although those with unilateral hearing, and even dogs with bilateral deafness, make fine pets with appropriate training. The Dalmatian Club of America's position on deaf pups is that they should always be euthanized and never be sold or placed to pet homes. Dalmatians with large patches of colour present at birth have a lower rate of deafness, and breeding for this trait, which is currently prohibited in the breed standard, might reduce the frequency of deafness in the breed. One of the leading reasons patches are a disqualifying factor in Dalmatians is to preserve the much-prized spotted coat (the continual breeding of patched dogs would result in heavily patched Dalmatians with few spots).
Blue-eyed Dalmatians have a greater incidence of deafness than brown-eyed Dalmatians, although an absolute link between the two characteristics has yet to be conclusively proven. Though blue-eyed Dalmatians are not necessarily deaf, many kennel clubs consider blue eyes to be a fault or even a disqualification, and some discourage the use of blue-eyed dogs in breeding programs.
Hyperuricemia.
Dalmatians, like humans, can suffer from hyperuricemia. Dalmatians' livers have trouble breaking down uric acid, which can build up in the blood serum (hyperuricemia) causing gout. Uric acid can also be excreted in high concentration into the urine, causing kidney stones and bladder stones. These conditions are most likely to occur in middle-aged males. Males over 10 are prone to kidney stones and should have their calcium intake reduced or be given preventive medication. To reduce the risk of gout and stones, owners should carefully limit the intake of purines by avoiding giving their dogs food containing organ meats, animal byproducts, or other high-purine ingredients. Hyperuricemia in Dalmatians responds to treatment with orgotein, the veterinary formulation of the antioxidant enzyme superoxide dismutase.
Dalmatian-Pointer Backcross Project.
Hyperuricemia in Dalmatians (as in all breeds) is inherited, but unlike other breeds, the "normal" gene for uricase is not present in the breed's gene pool. Therefore, there is no possibility of eliminating hyperuricemia among pure-bred Dalmatians. The only possible solution to this problem must then be crossing Dalmatians with other breeds to reintroduce the "normal" uricase gene. This led to the foundation of the Dalmatian-Pointer Backcross Project, which aims to reintroduce the normal uricase gene into the Dalmatian breed. The backcross used a single English Pointer; subsequent breeding's have all been to purebred Dalmatians. This project was started in 1973 by Dr. Robert Schaible. The first cross (F1) hybrids did not resemble Dalmatians very closely. The F1s were then crossed back to purebreds. This breeding produced puppies of closer resemblance to the pure Dalmatian. By the fifth generation in 1981, they resembled purebreds so much, Dr. Schaible convinced the AKC to allow two of the hybrids to be registered as purebreds. Then AKC President William F. Stifel stated, "If there is a logical, scientific way to correct genetic health problems associated with certain breed traits and still preserve the integrity of the breed standard, it is incumbent upon the American Kennel Club to lead the way." The Dalmatian Club of America's (DCA) board of directors supported this decision, however it quickly became highly controversial among the club members. A vote by DCA members opposed the registration of the hybrids, causing the AKC to ban registration to any of the dog's offspring.
At the annual general meeting of the DCA in May 2006, the backcross issue was discussed again by club members. In June of the same year, DCA members were presented with an opportunity to vote on whether to reopen discussion of the Dalmatian Backcross Project. The results of this ballot were nearly 2:1 in favor of re-examining support of the project by the DCA. This has begun with publication of articles presenting more information both in support of and questioning the need for this project. In July 2011, the AKC agreed to allow registration of backcrossed Dalmatians.
In 2010, the UK Kennel Club registered a backcrossed Dalmatian called Ch. Fiacre’s First and Foremost. Several restrictions were imposed on the dog. Although the dog is at least 13 generations removed from the original Pointer cross, its F1 to F3 progeny will be marked on registration certificates with asterisks (which "indicate impure or unverified breeding",) no progeny will be eligible to be exported as pedigrees for the next five years, and all have to be health tested. UK Dalmatian breed clubs have objected to the decision by the Kennel Club.
The Dalmatian Heritage Project.
The Dalmatian Heritage Project began in 2005. The goal of the project is to preserve and improve the Dalmatian breed by breeding parent dogs with the following traits:
All puppies in the Heritage Project are descendants of Dr. Robert Schaible's parent line. Today, "Dr. Schaible’s line produces the only Dalmatians in the world today that are free of a metabolic defect that can lead to urinary tract problems."
History.
Origins.
The FCI recognized Croatia as its country of origin, citing several historical sources.
The first illustrations of the dog have been found in Croatia: an altar painting in Veli Lošinj dating to 1600–1630, and a fresco in Zaostrog. The first documented descriptions of the Dalmatian () trace back to early 18th century and the archives of the Archdiocese of Đakovo, where the dog was mentioned and described as "Canis Dalmaticus" in the church chronicles from 1719 by Bishop Petar Bakić and then again by church chronicles of Andreas Keczkeméty in 1739. In 1771, Thomas Pennant described the breed in his book "Synopsis of Quadrupeds", writing that the origin of the breed is from Dalmatia, he referred to it as "Dalmatian". The book by Thomas Bewick "A General History of Quadrupeds" published in 1790 refers to the breed as "Dalmatian or Coach Dog".
The breed had been developed and cultivated chiefly in England. The first unofficial standard for the breed was introduced by an Englishman Vero Shaw in 1882. In 1890 with the formation of the first Dalmatian Club in England the standard became official. When the dog with the distinctive markings was first shown in England in 1862, it was said to have been used as a guard dog and companion to the nomads of Dalmatia. The breed's unique coat became popular and widely distributed over the continent of Europe beginning in 1920. Its unusual markings were often mentioned by the old writers on cynology.
Duties.
The roles of this ancient breed are as varied as their reputed ancestors. They were used as dogs of war, guarding the borders of Dalmatia. To this day, the breed retains a high guarding instinct; although friendly and loyal to those the dog knows and trusts, it is often aloof with strangers and unknown dogs. Dalmatians have a strong hunting instinct and are an excellent exterminator of rats and vermin. In sporting, they have been used as bird dogs, trail hounds, retrievers, or in packs for boar or stag hunting. Their dramatic markings and intelligence have made them successful circus dogs throughout the years. Dalmatians are perhaps best known for their role as fire-fighting apparatus escorts and firehouse mascots. Since Dalmatians and horses are very compatible, the dogs were easily trained to run in front of the carriages to help clear a path and quickly guide the horses and firefighters to the fires. Dalmatians are often considered to make good watchdogs, and they may have been useful to fire brigades as guard dogs to protect a firehouse and its equipment. Fire engines used to be drawn by fast and powerful horses, a tempting target for thieves, so Dalmatians were kept in the firehouse as deterrence to theft.
In popular culture.
"Firehouse dog".
Particularly in the United States, the use of Dalmatians as carriage dogs was transferred to horse-drawn fire engines, although it is unclear why this link was not made in other countries. Today, the Dalmatian serves as a firehouse mascot and is sometimes used to educate the public in fire safety, but in the days of horse-drawn fire carts, they provided a valuable service, having a natural affinity to horses. They would run alongside the horses, or beneath the cart axles. The horses have long since gone, but the Dalmatians, by tradition, have stayed. As a result, in the United States, Dalmatians are commonly known as firehouse dogs. Dalmatians are still chosen by many firefighters as pets, in honor of their heroism in the past. The Dalmatian is also the mascot of the Pi Kappa Alpha International Fraternity. In the past, Pi Kappa Alpha has been known as the firefighters fraternity, and this is why they both share the dalmatian as a mascot.
"Anheuser-Busch dog".
The Dalmatian is also associated, particularly in the United States, with Budweiser beer and the Busch Gardens theme parks, since the Anheuser-Busch company's iconic beer wagon, drawn by a team of Clydesdale horses, is always accompanied by a Dalmatian carriage dog. The company maintains several teams at various locations, which tour extensively. According to Anheuser-Busch's website, Dalmatians were historically used by brewers to guard the wagon while the driver was making deliveries.
"101 Dalmatians".
The Dalmatian breed experienced a massive surge in popularity as a result of the 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians" written by British author Dodie Smith, and later due to the two Walt Disney films based on the book. The Disney animated classic released in 1961, later spawned a 1996 live-action remake, "101 Dalmatians". In the years following the release of the second movie, the Dalmatian breed suffered greatly at the hands of irresponsible breeders and inexperienced owners. Many well-meaning enthusiasts purchased Dalmatians—often for their children—without educating themselves on the breed and the responsibilities that come with owning such a high-energy dog breed. Dalmatians were abandoned in large numbers by their original owners and left with animal shelters. As a result, Dalmatian rescue organizations sprang up to care for the unwanted dogs and find them new homes. AKC registrations of Dalmatians decreased 90% during the 2000–2010 period.

</doc>
<doc id="19255906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255906" title="Dalmatian">
Dalmatian

Dalmatian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19255909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255909" title="Marriott India">
Marriott India

Marriott India is the Indian division of the Marriott International hotel chain. It was established in 1998 and opened its first hotel, the Goa Marriott Resort (now the Goa Marriott Resort & Spa) on 15th Dec 1999. It has hotels in Mumbai, Goa, Hyderabad, Pune, Gurgaon, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chennai and Chandigarh.
By 2012, the chain is expected to expand its Indian operations to encompass 30 properties in the luxury to the upper-moderate tiers, with a total of 5,524 rooms. These hotels would be managed under its five brands— Ritz-Carlton, JW Marriott Hotels, Marriott Hotels & Resorts, Renaissance Hotels and Courtyard by Marriott. 
Courtyard Chennai is the 1st Courtyard in India and the 683rd Courtyard in the World. Courtyard Chennai is different from the NALO (North American Lodging Operations, a Marriott region that includes the continental United States and Canada) offerings in terms of being a full service Courtyard.

</doc>
<doc id="19255931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255931" title="Stryker (Mortal Kombat)">
Stryker (Mortal Kombat)

Kurtis Stryker (usually referred to as simply Stryker) is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" fighting game series. Stryker was introduced in "Mortal Kombat 3" in 1995, where he is a leader of the Special Riot Control division in the NYPD and a somewhat stout-looking man sporting an often-criticized "urban" design. The character received a lot of mostly negative attention regarding his attire and original special moves and Fatalities. Besides the game series, he has appeared in major roles in ' and '. He has the distinction of being the only character in the "Mortal Kombat" franchise who does not possess any type of magical powers.
Appearances.
In video games.
Kurtis Stryker is a former Marine who had served in the Gulf War. During the events of "Mortal Kombat 3", he was the leader of the Riot Control Brigade when Outworld's portal opened over a large North American city (later specified as New York City). Stryker attempted to keep order among the populace in the ensuing chaos, but soon all human souls were taken by Shao Kahn with the exception of those that belonged to the chosen warriors. Initially ignorant as to why he was one of the few souls that were spared in the wake of the invasion, Stryker received a vision from Raiden, instructing him to head west in order to meet with the other chosen warriors and learn about the importance of his survival. He then entered the fray with the intention of avenging the lives of the innocent that he had vowed to protect and serve. Along with the other warriors, Stryker assisted in liberating Earthrealm from Shao Kahn's clutches. 
In the story mode of the 2011 "Mortal Kombat" reboot, Stryker is Kabal's SWAT team leader who joins Raiden and his followers in repelling the Outworld invasion. He is later killed, along with most of the Earthrealm heroes, by Sindel and subsequently resurrected by Quan Chi.
Design and gameplay.
It took Stryker several tries to break into the "Mortal Kombat" series. A character named "Kurtis Stryker" was to appear in the first "Mortal Kombat", but the idea was dropped in place of a female fighter (Sonya Blade). This previously unused character would later appear in "Mortal Kombat II" with a different name, Jax, whose initial name was then finally reused for this character in "Mortal Kombat 3". Stryker was made to be a SWAT-type character but with a sleeker design. The developers originally planned for him to have several additional weapons but memory limitations prevented this. "Armageddon's" early concept art and cast render showed that Stryker was to have his "Mortal Kombat 3" look as his primary costume, but this was scrapped later on as this look was one of the sources of rejection over the character. He appeared in "" (2006) with a complete redesign into a much more futuristic-looking character.
Stryker employs modern weaponry such as explosives, firearms, tasers and nightsticks for his special moves and Fatalities. He is considered one of the top-tier "Mortal Kombat 3" characters, especially after he was given his gun as a special move in "Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3". Although character designer and series co-creator John Tobias thought that he would become one of the most popular characters in the game, the opposite would turn true. Many reviled his "common man" appearance and special moves as being out of place in the fantasy world of "Mortal Kombat". Ed Boon claimed him to be one of "MK3"'s "hidden secrets" for precisely this reason. Stryker was purposely given a new appearance in "Armageddon" in order to make him look more appealing to critics of his original design. In 2012, Tobias admitted that he himself was not satisfied with the character and personally "hated" Stryker's design and backstory, and jokingly said that if he could go back in time and redo any characters, he would do it with Stryker and Kabal.
In other media.
Stryker is mentioned along with Kabal in the feature film ' as having been captured by Rain, though they never appear onscreen. In the short film ' a police officer resembling Stryker is briefly seen. 
Stryker was one of the main characters in the animated series "", and was voiced by Ron Perlman. He was one of Raiden's chosen defenders of the Earthrealm alongside Liu Kang, Sub-Zero, Jax, Sonya, Nightwolf, and Kitana. In the show, his nightstick concealed an electronic device that closed dimensional rips that were caused by invading realms. His last name was misspelled as "Striker" in the closing credits.
In the spin-off web series "", Stryker, portrayed by Tahmoh Penikett in the first season, is one of the SWAT squad leaders serving alongside Jax and Sonya. Eric Jacobus portrayed the character for the second season, in which Stryker was depicted as having formed an alliance with Johnny Cage.
Reception.
The character has been met with a mainly negative reception since his debut in "MK3." In 2008, GameDaily ranked Stryker as the ninth most bizarre character in the entire fighting games genre, calling him "a joke" and comparing him to Steven Seagal. That same year, ScrewAttack ranked Stryker as third worst character in the "Mortal Kombat" series, while "Game Informer" included this "stun gun-wielding loser" among the characters they did not want to appear in the 2011 reboot game. Topless Robot placed Stryker at first place on their 2011 list of "Mortal Kombat" characters "that are goofy even by "Mortal Kombat" standards," and that he was "utterly bizarre" because they felt his 'normal' appearance contrasted with the other characters. That same year, Stryker placed first on 1UP.com's list of the franchise's most embarrassing moments, as they felt he did not "actually belong anywhere the series at all." 
In spite of all the criticism he has received, Stryker ranked 18th on UGO's 2012 list of top 50 "Mortal Kombat" characters, with a comment comparing his alternate costume in the new game to "like Iceman from "Top Gun" in deep-sea diving gear." That same year, "Complex" listed him as the sixth most underrated "Mortal Kombat" character, stating that "he gets some unwarranted hate for being so normal, but that's exactly why we appreciate him."

</doc>
<doc id="19255953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255953" title="Eternal Legacy">
Eternal Legacy

Eternal Legacy is an American heavy metal band that formed in 2002 in Parma, Ohio. Founded by vocalist/guitarist brothers Jason and Shaun Vanek with Steve Dukuslow on drums, the band soon recruited classically trained fourteen-year-old Spencer Phillips to play keyboards and Shaun's student Josh Gatka on bass. In 2008, Gatka was fired from the band, after which Phillips filled the bass spot in addition to keyboards. In 2009, Phillips left the band to pursue higher education and has since been replaced by Shaun Vanek's Wretch bandmate, Tim Frederick.
Eternal Legacy's style started off as progressive power metal, but has since progressed into a hybrid sound with elements of thrash metal, resembling bands such as Tad Morose, Iced Earth, Metal Church, Human Fortress, and Brainstorm. In 2007, Eternal Legacy released "The Coming of the Tempest", their debut album. At the end of 2009, the band released their sophomore effort titled "Lifeless Alive". On January 26, the band announced the title of their third album as "Seeking No Peace", to be tentatively released near the end of 2010.
In March 2010, Eternal Legacy announced that they had now finished the drum tracks for nine new songs for their new album due for release in the summer.
Eternal Legacy is scheduled to play the 2010 Wacken Open Air festival.
History.
Origin and Formation.
The roots of Eternal Legacy lie in the band Mercinary, a heavy metal group of young, like-minded musicians from Parma, Ohio. The group was composed of brothers Shaun and Jason Vanek on guitars, drummer Steve Dukuslow, Nicholas Crow on vocals, and Ian Savage on bass, of which three would go on to remain consistent members of the band today. At this time, almost all of the members were in high school, with youngest member Shaun Vanek being around fourteen or fifteen years of age. Initially, the lineup would see Crow on drums, but would switch to Dukuslow when he and Shaun reconnected while attending Normandy High School. Crow switched to the vocalist position, forming the predominant lineup during Mercinary's lifespan. 
In this incarnation, the band played primarily straight forward, guitar-centric heavy metal, inspired by bands like Iced Earth, Pantera, Judas Priest, and Metallica. Structurally, the songs were basic with a strong emphasis on the riff and high-register vocals. Current Eternal Legacy songs "Shadow of Revolution","Metal Anvil", and "Misery's End," as well as several other song elements, would originate during the band's time as Mercinary.
After a falling out with Crow and a series of awkward vocalist tryouts, Jason Vanek opted to step up to the plate and perform double duty on rhythm guitar and vocals, subsequently leading to the formation of Eternal Legacy proper.
Self-titled EP and Early Demos (2002 - 2004).
After taking on the moniker Eternal Legacy, the band would change their sound to incorporate the use of keyboards and other neoclassical elements. This would mark a switch in sound from the traditional heavy metal of the Mercinary days to a more progressive power metal approach in the vein of bands like Symphony X, Rhapsody and Pagan's Mind. This period would see the band replace Mercinary-bassist Ian Savage with Joe Grandinetti and recruit virtuoso pianist Thomas Birkel for keyboard duties. The band would compile several demos, ultimately culminating in the release of their self-titled EP (sometimes known as the "I" EP) in 2004. The songs "Fires Wrath", "Realm of Wind and Ice" (then split up into two parts), "Into the Afterworld" and "One Last Hope" would make it on the band's first full-length release.

</doc>
<doc id="19255977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255977" title="Turner A. Gill">
Turner A. Gill

Turner Andrews Gill (December 8, 1841 – July 18, 1919) was a Democrat Kansas City Mayor in 1875 and 1876.
Gill was born in Bath County, Kentucky on a farm. He would later get a law degree from the University of Missouri.
During the American Civil War he joined the Confederates and was wounded in the Battle of Corinth and Battle of Champion's Hill in Mississippi. He was captured at Vicksburg, Mississippi. After being exchanged he joined General Shelby's regiment was promoted to Captain and participated in the Battle of Westport.
During his term as mayor he inherited a city that was deeply in debt and having to pay its pills with script and he put the city back into the black earning him a nickname of "Little Giant of the Third Ward."
After the mayor office he was city counselor and became a circuit court judge.

</doc>
<doc id="19255992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19255992" title="Spielmannsdichtung">
Spielmannsdichtung

Spielmannsdichtung or Spielmannsepik (or -epos) is a genre, now generally deprecated, of Middle High German literature, specifically the lyric poetry ("Dichtung") or epic ("Epik" or "Epos") of wandering minstrels ("Spielmann") of the twelfth century. The term was used to classify several early Middle High German works that predated the Minnesang and the "Höfische Epik". They are considered heroic and adventurous works destined for a popular audience and were long attributed to wandering minstrels, though this view has been abandoned, since the minstrels were not generally literate. The term remains today only as a convenience for grouping together similarly themed works:
Most of these were only written down in the thirteenth century and survive in multiple variations. They blend history, legend, and fairy tale, but internal evidence points to a learned authorship, probably clerical. They are punctuated by instances of crude comedy and were probably intended for a less educated noble audience. They are generally dated based on references in the text which show that they are not earlier than the middle of the twelfth century. Commonalities between all five anonymous "Spielmannsdichtungen" are often hard to identify and for that the term has ceased to be used to describe a genre. 

</doc>
<doc id="19256014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256014" title="First National Bank Building (Albuquerque)">
First National Bank Building (Albuquerque)

The First National Bank Building is a historic building located at 217-233 Central Avenue NW in downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico. The nine-story, L-shaped building was the city's first skyscraper. Built in 1922, the First National Bank Building was designed by Trost & Trost, an El Paso architecture firm that was well known in the region. At 43 m (141 ft), it was the tallest building in the city until the International Style Simms Building was built in 1954. The interior of the first floor is done almost entirely in grey streak marble, and features vault ceilings.
The building was owned by First National Bank (later First Security Bank) until 1999, when it was purchased by a private developer with the intent to convert it into a luxury hotel. Plans later changed, and the building was instead remodeled into a high-end condominium project called The Banque Lofts, which opened in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19256025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256025" title="First National Bank Building">
First National Bank Building

First National Bank Building, or variants thereof, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19256064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256064" title="HMS Magnet">
HMS Magnet

Nine ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Magnet":

</doc>
<doc id="19256075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256075" title="Maggie Siff">
Maggie Siff

Maggie Siff (born June 21, 1974) is an American actress. She is best known for her television roles as department store heiress Rachel Menken Katz on the AMC drama "Mad Men" and Dr. Tara Knowles-Teller on the FX drama "Sons of Anarchy". She also had a role in the 2009 film "Push" as Teresa Stowe, and one in the 2010 film "Leaves of Grass" as Rabbi Renannah Zimmerman.
Early life.
Siff was born in The Bronx, New York City. Her father is Jewish, and Siff identifies as half-Jewish. She is a graduate of The Bronx High School of Science, and of Bryn Mawr College, majoring in English and graduating in 1996. She later went to New York University's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts with an M.F.A. in Acting.
Siff worked extensively in regional theater before her work on television. She won a Barrymore Award for Excellence in Theater in 1998 for her work in Henrik Ibsen's "Ghosts" at Lantern Theater Company.
Career.
Siff started appearing in television series in 2004. She appeared as an Alcoholics Anonymous speaker during an episode of "Rescue Me" in Season 2. She also had a brief role in "Funny People". She also had roles on "", "Grey's Anatomy", and "Law & Order".
In 2009, she appeared in the film "Push" as a psychic surgeon called a Stitch named Teresa Stowe sent to help Nick, played by Chris Evans.
She also appeared in the films "Then She Found Me", "Leaves of Grass", "Funny People", and "Concussion".
She played Rachel Menken on the series "Mad Men" from 2007 to 2008. That role earned her a nomination, along with the rest of the cast, for a SAG Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series. She also appeared in "Nip/Tuck" during that time before being cast as Dr. Tara Knowles on "Sons of Anarchy" in 2008.
During the series, on the closing scene of "Sons of Anarchy" episode "John 8:32", Siff sang the song "Lullaby for a Soldier (Arms of the Angels)".
Personal life.
In October 2013, Siff announced that she was expecting her first child with her husband. Although Siff is very private about the identity of her husband, the couple were married in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19256092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256092" title="Wroxeter, Ontario">
Wroxeter, Ontario

Wroxeter, Ontario is a village in Howick Township. The first settlers in Wroxeter were the Gibson Brothers, Thomas and Robert in the mid-19th century. Back in the 19th century, Wroxeter had five general stores, five hotels, two schools (which ran until 1950), a library, a woolen mill, and a grist mill. Coordinates are: 43°51′53″N 81°08′57″W / 43.86473°N 81.14915°W based on the intersection of Centre Street and Queen Street.
Wroxeter also had a railway that went through it which was completed in 1874, so the village built a train station taking people around to the Toronto area. William Smith found out that the population of Wroxeter in the late 19th century was around 700–800 people.
Wroxeter today.
Today, Wroxeter's old industries have vanished, and it is now considered a village. In 1948, the Township of Howick made Wroxeter an unincorporated village.

</doc>
<doc id="19256100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256100" title="3D-Jury">
3D-Jury

3D-Jury is a metaserver that aggregates and compares models from various protein structure prediction servers. It takes in groups of predictions made by a collection of servers and assigns each pair a 3D-Jury score, based on structural similarity. The score is generated by counting the number of Cα atoms in the two predictions within 3.5 Å of each other after being superpositioned. To improve accuracy of the final model, users can select the prediction servers from which to aggregate results.
The Robetta automatic protein structure prediction server incorporates 3D-Jury into its prediction pipeline.

</doc>
<doc id="19256118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256118" title="Christian II, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg">
Christian II, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg

Christian II of Anhalt-Bernburg (Amberg, 11 August 1599 – Bernburg, 22 September 1656), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg.
He was the second (but eldest surviving) son of Christian I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg by his wife Anna, daughter of Arnold III, Count of Bentheim-Steinfurt-Tecklenburg-Limburg.
Life.
Christian received an excellent education in his early years and could speak French and Italian fluently. During the years 1608-1609 he studied in Geneva with his cousin John Casimir of Anhalt-Dessau accompanied by two tutors, Markus Friedrick Howell and Peter von Sebottendorf. Shortly after, he began his Grand Tour to France, Italy, and England.
In 1618, at the age of nineteen, Christian recorded the horror of the beginning of the Thirty Years' War; in his diary, he wrote that his duty to fight was "ma fatal destinée." For him, the war began at the Battle of White Mountain (1620), when his father was defeated and banished from the Empire. Christian was taken captive with the two regiments under his command. Nonetheless, he soon obtained the favor of Emperor Ferdinand II, who permitted him to return to Bernburg in 1621.
His uncle Louis of Anhalt-Köthen made him a member of the Fruitbearing Society.
After the death of his father in 1630 Christian succeeded him in Anhalt-Bernburg, which at that time was devastated by war. During the first year of his reign, Bernburg was plundered by troops under the Danish General Heinrich Holk and an epidemic fever killed almost 1,700 inhabitants. In 1636 Schloss Bernburg was almost taken by the marauding troops, but the great courage of the seventy-year-old "Hofmarschall" Burkhard von Erlach prevented this.
His 14 volumes of diaries are preserved; they provide a valuable source of information about the course of the Thirty Years' War.
Marriage and issue.
In Ahrensbök on 28 February 1625 Christian married his cousin Eleonore Sophie (b. Sonderburg, 14 February 1603 - d. Ballenstedt, 5 January 1675), daughter of John II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Plön, by his second wife Agnes Hedwig of Anhalt (sister of his father Christian I) and also by birth a princess of Denmark as a granddaughter in the male line of King Christian III. They had fifteen children:

</doc>
<doc id="19256123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256123" title="1997 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
1997 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Goran Ivanišević was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Daniel Vacek.
Richard Krajicek won in the final 7–6 (7–4), 7–6 (7–5) against Vacek.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19256127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256127" title="List of The Rifleman episodes">
List of The Rifleman episodes

"The Rifleman" is an American Western television program that starred Chuck Connors as homesteader Lucas McCain and Johnny Crawford as his son, Mark McCain. The series was set in the 1880s in the town of North Fork, New Mexico Territory and was filmed in black-and-white with a half hour running time. "The Rifleman" aired on ABC from September 30, 1958 to April 8, 1963 as a production of Four Star Television.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Episodes.
Season 1 (1958–1959).
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Season 2 (1959–1960).
<onlyinclude>
Season 3 (1960–1961).
<onlyinclude>
Season 4 (1961–1962).
<onlyinclude>
Season 5 (1962–1963).
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19256144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256144" title="United States gravity control propulsion research">
United States gravity control propulsion research

American interest in "gravity control propulsion research" intensified during the early 1950s. Literature from that period used the terms anti-gravity, anti-gravitation, baricentric, counterbary, electrogravitics (eGrav), G-projects, gravitics, gravity control, and gravity propulsion. Their publicized goals were to develop and discover technologies and theories for the manipulation of gravity or gravity-like fields for propulsion. Although general relativity theory appeared to prohibit anti-gravity propulsion, several programs were funded to develop it through gravitation research from 1955 to 1974. The names of many contributors to general relativity and those of the golden age of general relativity have appeared among documents about the institutions that had served as the theoretical research components of those programs. The existence and 1950s emergence of the gravity control propulsion research had not been a subject of controversy for aerospace writers, critics, and conspiracy theory advocates. But its rationale, effectiveness, and longevity have been the objects of contested views.
Evidence of existence.
Mainstream newspapers, popular magazines, technical journals, and declassified papers reported the existence of the gravity control propulsion research. For example, the title of the March 1956 "Aero Digest" article about the intensified interest was “Anti-gravity Booming.” A. V. Cleaver made the following statement about the programs in his article:
The gravitics programs had not been evinced by any technological artifacts, such as the Project Pluto Tory IIA, the world's first nuclear ramjet. Commemorative monuments by the Gravity Research Foundation have been the artifacts attesting to the early commitments to finding materials and methods to manipulate gravity. The endeavor had the resources and publicity of an initiative, but writers from that period did not describe them with that term. Gladych stated:
The writings about the gravity control propulsion research effort had disclosed the “players” and resources while prudently withholding both the specific features of the research and the identity of its coordinating body. Publicized and telecasted conspiracy theory anecdotes have suggested much higher levels of success to the G-projects than mainstream science.
Histories.
Recent historical analysis and reports have attracted attention to the agencies and firms that had participated in the gravity control propulsion research. James E. Allen, BAE Systems consultant and engineering professor at Kingston University, referred to those programs in his history of novel propulsion systems for the journal "Progress in Aerospace Sciences". Research by Dr. David Kaiser, Associate Professor of the History of Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, manifested the contributions made by the Gravity Research Foundation to the pedagogical aspects of the golden age of general relativity. Dr. Joshua Goldberg, Syracuse University, described the Air Force's support of relativity research during that period. Progress reports and anecdotes and Internet resumes of former visiting and staff scientists have been the sources of the history of the Research Institute for Advanced Study (RIAS). Former aviation editor of "Jane's Defense Weekly", Nick Cook, drew attention to the antigravity programs through worldwide publications of his book, "The Hunt for Zero Point", and subsequent televised documentaries. Mainstream historical accounts of the G-projects have been supplemented with conspiracy theory anecdotes.
Contemporaneous literature.
Lists of the research institutes, industrial sites, and policy makers along with statements from prominent physicists were provided in five comprehensive works that had been published during the early years of the gravity control propulsion research. Aviation Studies (International) Limited, London, published a detailed report about those activities by the Gravity Research Group that was later declassified. The Journal of the British Interplanetary Society and "The Aeroplane" published the propulsion survey and critical assessment of the American gravitics research by the internationally recognized astronautics historian A. V. Cleaver. The New York Herald Tribune and Miami Herald published a series of three articles by one of the world's greatest aviation journalist of the Twentieth Century, Ansel Talbert. Talbert's two series of newspaper articles took place in the midst of the policy by press release era. Neither his nor the writings that followed the five prominent works from that period, yielded denials and/or retractions.
UFO and conspiracy theory literature.
Gravity control propulsion research had been the subject of widely published UFO and conspiracy theory literature. The documented testimonies of whistleblowers edited by Dr. Steven Greer, Director of the Disclosure Project; anecdotes and schematics by Mark McCandlish and Milton William Cooper; and the reports by Philip J. Corso, David Darlington, and Donald Keyhoe, famous UFO researcher, have suggested incorporation of reverse engineering of recovered extraterrestrial vehicles with the anti-gravity propulsion projects had enabled them to continue beyond 1973 to successfully manufacture antigravity vehicles. Branches of the military and defense agencies have denied and refuted such claims.
Theoretical research agencies.
Talbert indicated the rationale for the intensified interest in gravity control propulsion research had stemmed from the works of three physicists. They were Dr. Bryce DeWitt's prize-winning Gravity Research Foundation essay; the book "Gravity and the Universe" by Pascual Jordan; and presentations to the International Astronautical Federation by Dr. Burkhard Heim. DeWitt’s essay discouraged the pursuit of materials that shield, reflect, and/or insulate gravity and emphasized the need to encourage young physicists to pursue gravitational research. He opened his essay with the following paragraph:
Several articles cited his essay during and after the gravity control propulsion research period. Within a few years facilities emerged embodying the theme of DeWitt’s call for increased stimuli for research.
Physical principle surveys by Cleaver and Weyl stated the antigravity research was not based on any recognized theoretical breakthroughs. Cleaver's skepticism suggested an alternative rationale for establishing that research was based on a science fiction novel. Weyl charged publishers with poor journalism; attacked their terminology; and gave the highest rating for prospective physical principles for gravity control propulsion to Burkhard Heim's works. Stambler leveled harsh criticisms against Gluraheff's gravitation hypothesis. Talbert and other authors listed the following three agencies as the principle facilities that had conducted the theoretical research:
Gravity Research Foundation.
Several articles contained expressions of gratitude for the support to the gravity control propulsion endeavor by the Gravity Research Foundation. Even though the Foundation was a humble, non-profit organization, its creator, Roger Babson, used his wealth and influence to mobilize industries; raise private and government funding; and motivate engineers and physicists to conduct research in gravity shielding and control. According to his autobiography: "The purpose of the Foundation is to encourage others to work on gravity problems and aid others in obtaining rewards for their efforts."
During Babson's lifetime, the Foundation conducted Gravity Day Conferences each summer; established a library on gravity; solicited essays that addressed (1.) various prospects for shielding gravity, (2.) the development and/or discovery of materials that could convert gravitational force into heat, or (3.) methods of manipulating gravity; and installed monuments at various universities that cited its antigravity focus.
Aerospace Research Laboratories (ARL).
In September, 1956, the General Physics Laboratory of the Aeronautical Research Laboratories (ARL) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, commenced an intense program to coordinate research into gravitational and unified field theories with the hiring of Joshua N. Goldberg. Creation by ARL of Goldberg's program may have been coincidental to the Talbert's disclosures of commitments to gravity control propulsion research. The precise rationale for creating the program and justifying its budgets and personnel may never be determined. Neither Goldberg nor the Air Force's Deputy for Scientific and Technical Information, Walter Blados, were able to locate the founding documents. Roy Kerr, a former ARL scientist, stated the antigravity propulsion purpose of ARL was "rubbish" and that "The only real use that the USAF made of us was when some crackpot sent them a proposal for antigravity or for converting rotary motion inside a spaceship to a translational driving system." The December 30, 1957 issue of Product Engineering closed its report with the following statement:
During the following sixteen years, its name was changed to the Aerospace Research Laboratories. The ARL scientists produced nineteen technical reports and over seventy peer-reviewed journal articles. The Air Force's Foreign Technical Division, and other agencies, investigated stories about Soviet attempts to understand gravity. Such actions were consistent with the paranoia of the Cold War.
The funding for the military components of the gravity control propulsion research had been terminated by the Mansfield Amendment of 1973. Black project experts, conspiracy theorists, and whistleblowers had suggested the gravity control propulsion efforts had achieved their goals and had been continued decades beyond 1973.
Research Institute for Advanced Study (RIAS).
The Research Institute for Advanced Study (RIAS) was conceived by George S. Trimble, the vice president for aviation and advanced propulsion systems, Glenn L. Martin Company, and was placed under the direct supervision of Welcome Bender. The first person Bender hired was Louis Witten internationally recognized authority on gravitation physics. Talbert's article had announced Trimble's completion of contractual agreements with Pascual Jordan and Burkhard Heim for RIAS. Subsequent hires yielded a half dozen gravity researchers known as the field theory group. Sir Arthur C. Clarke and others stated RIAS' assemble of talent was very qualified for the task of discovering new principles that could be used to develop gravity control propulsion systems.
The quest for propulsion through gravity control was vaguely implied in various publications. Works by Cook and Cleaver summarized statements in the RIAS brochures. Cook had equated the broad range of RIAS's mission statements with those of Skunk Works. In 1958, Mallan reported “the control of the force of gravity itself for propulsion” was one of the unorthodox goals initiated by Trimble for RIAS.
RIAS was renamed the Research Institute for Advanced Studies during the sixties when the American-Marietta Company merged with Martin to become the Martin Marietta Company. The 1995 merger that yielded the Lockheed Martin Company modified its goals and not its name.
Aerospace firms.
Talbert's newspaper series and subsequent articles in technical magazines and journals listed the names of aerospace firms conducting gravity control propulsion research. Stambler stated:
The Gravity Research Group indicated those companies had constructed "rigs" to improve the performance of Thomas Townsend Brown's gravitators through attempts to develop materials with high dielectric constants (k). Gravity Rand Limited provided a set of guidelines to help management conduct research and nurture creativity. Articles about the gravity propulsion research by the aerospace firms ceased after 1974. None of the companies featured in those publications had filed retractions. The following is a list of the aerospace firms that had been cited in the works published from 1955 through 1974:
Reported breakthroughs.
None of the reported experimental breakthroughs published during the 1950s and 1960s have been recognized by the aerospace community.
Experimental.
Brown's gravitator.
Various reports indicated Brown's gravitators were the main experimental focus of the gravity control propulsion research. According to G. Harry Stine and Intel, research on Brown's gravitators became classified immediately after demonstrations of 30% weight reductions. Thomas Townsend Brown had obtained a British patent for high voltage, symmetric, parallel plate capacitors, that he called gravitators, in 1928. Brown claimed they would produce a net thrust in the direction of the anode of the capacitor that varied slightly with the positions of the Moon. The scientific community rejected such claims as products of pseudoscience and/or misinterpretations of ion wind effects. Repeatable results from the Trouton-Noble experiment have not supported such claims.
Kaplan's gravity-like impulses.
In July 1960, "Missiles and Rockets" reported Martin N. Kaplan, Senior Research Engineer, Electronics Division, Ryan Aeronautical Company, San Diego, had conducted anti-gravitational experiments yielding the promise of impulses, accelerations, and decelerations one hundred times the pull of gravity. Neither comments nor criticism of the report appeared in subsequent articles during the period of intensified gravity control propulsion research (see Section 3 of tractor beam for similar reports).
Theoretical.
Forward's protational field.
Robert L. Forward, Hughes Research Laboratories, Malibu, described the theoretical generation of dipole gravitational fields by accelerating a super-dense fluid through pipes wound around a torus. Such techniques, though theoretically sound, have been far beyond the reach of technology.
Legacies.
Many of the contributors to general relativity have been supported by and/or associated with the ARL, RIAS, and/or the Gravity Research Foundation. The decades preceding the 1955 revelation of the gravity control propulsion research were a low water mark for general relativity. The following summarizes how the components of that research had stimulated the resurgence of general relativity:
Gravity Research Foundation.
Even though some of the physicists who attended the Gravity Day Conferences quietly mocked the anti-gravity mission of the Foundation, it provided significant contributions to mainstream physics. The "International Journal of Modern Physics D" has featured selected papers from the Gravity Research Foundation essay competition. Many have been incorporated with the collections of the Niels Bohr Library. A few of the Foundation essay contest winners became Nobel laureates (e.g., Ilya Prigogine, Maurice Allais, George F. Smoot). Foundation essays have been among the resources graduate students check for new ideas. Kaiser summarized the Foundation's influence in the following manner:
Foundation trustee, Agnew Bahnson, contacted Dr. Bryce DeWitt with a proposal to fund the creation of a gravity research institute. DeWitt had won the first prize for the 1953 essay contest. The proposed name was changed to the Institute for Field Physics and it was established in 1956 at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill under the direction of Bryce and his wife, Cécile DeWitt-Morette.
The peer reviewed physics journal, "Physica C", published a report by Eugene Podkletnov and Nieminen about gravity-like shielding. Although their work had gained international attention, researchers were not able to replicate Podkletnov's initial conditions. But, analyses by Giovanni Modanese and Ning Wu indicated various applications of quantum gravity theory could allow gravitational shielding phenomena. Those achievements have not been pursued by the scientific community.
Aerospace Research Laboratories (ARL).
The list of prominent contributors to the golden age of general relativity, contains the names of several scientists who had authored the nineteen ARL Technical Reports and/or seventy papers. The ARL sponsored papers were published in the "Proceedings of the Royal Society of London, Physical Review, Journal of Mathematical Physics, Physical Review Letters, Physical Review D, Review of Modern Physics, General Relativity and Gravitation, International Journal of Theoretical Physics", and "Nuovo Cimento B". Some of the ARL papers were written in collaboration with RIAS, the U.S. Army Signal Research and Development Laboratory at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, and the Office of Naval Research. The ARL had provided significant enhancements to general relativity theory. For example, Roy Kerr's description of the behavior of space-time in the vicinity of a rotating mass was among those works. Goldberg concluded: "However, it should be recognized that, in the United States, the Department of Defense played an essential role in building a strong scientific community without widespread encroachment on academic values."
Research Institute for Advanced Studies (RIAS).
The growth of nonlinear differential equations during the fifties was stimulated by RIAS. One of the leading groups in dynamical systems and control theory, the Lefschetz Center for Dynamical Systems,[http://www.dam.brown.edu/lcds/about.php] was a spinoff from RIAS. After the launch of Sputnik, world-class mathematician Solomon Lefschetz came out of retirement to join RIAS in 1958 and formed the world's largest group of mathematicians devoted to research in nonlinear differential equations. The RIAS mathematics group stimulated the growth of nonlinear differential equations through conferences and publications. It left RIAS in 1964 to form the Lefschez Center for Dynamical Systems at Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island.
UFO and conspiracy theories.
On May 9, 2001, Mark McCandlish testified on the televised news conference held by the Disclosure Project, at the National Press Club, Washington, D.C. He stated gravity control propulsion research had started in the fifties and had successfully reverse engineered the vehicle retrieved from the Roswell crash site to build three Alien Reproduction Vehicles by 1981. McCandlish described their propulsion systems in terms of Thomas Townsend Brown's gravitators and provided a line drawing of its interior. The diagram closely resembled the drawing provided earlier in Milton William Cooper's book. Another Disclosure Project whistleblowers, Philip J. Corso, stated in his book the craft retrieved from the second crash site at Roswell, New Mexico, had a propulsion system resembling Thomas Townsend Brown's gravitators. And, Corso's book featured several gravity control propulsion statements made by Professor Hermann Oberth.
Soon after the end of the Cold War, a small group of scientists and engineers openly expressed their desire to use technologies developed by black projects for civil applications. Dr. Steven Greer formed the Disclosure Project in 1995 to help those and other research whistleblowers share their information with and to petition Congress. By 2001, it had provided reports to two Congressional hearings and had acquired over 400 members from branches of the military and aerospace industry.
During the early 1960s, Keyhoe published excerpts from a letter by Hermann Oberth that presented explanations for the flight characteristics of UFO's in terms of gravity control propulsion. Prior to Oberth’s letter, Keyhoe had supported arguments for magnetic forces as the source of propulsion for UFO’s. The letter caused him to search for the existence of gravity control propulsion research programs. The following is a segment of his findings he had released in his 1966 and 1974 publications:
During his press conferences on February 2, 1955 in Bogotá, Colombia, and February 10, 1955 in Grand Rapids, Michigan aviation pioneer William Lear, stated one of his reasons for believing in flying saucers was the existence of American research efforts into antigravity. Talbert's series of newspaper articles about the intensified interest in gravity control propulsion research were published during the Thanksgiving week of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19256147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256147" title="Corey Vidal">
Corey Vidal

Corey Vidal (born December 7, 1986) is a Canadian online video content producer and digital media consultant. His YouTube videos have been seen over 67 million times and he has over 200 videos as of July 2013. His YouTube channel profile has been viewed over 9 million times. In December 2007, Corey was one of the first Canadians to join the YouTube Partnership Program. Corey has over 200,000 subscribers.
In February 2013 he was named Niagara's Entrepreneur of the Year in Innovative Small Business for his video production company ApprenticeA Productions.
YouTube career.
Corey Vidal began on YouTube in mid-2006 by posting hip hop dance videos inspired by American dance reality television show "So You Think You Can Dance". His popularity stemmed from the success of one of his first videos, "How To Dance: "1, 2 Step" by Ciara" (uploaded to YouTube on September 3, 2006), where he teaches dance steps to R&B singer Ciara's music video "1, 2 Step". The video currently has over 6.5 million views.
Following his "How To Dance" series, Corey branched into other types of videos. His channel career spans dancing, singing, playing musical instruments, beatboxing, acting in skits and short films (including a short film production by Niagara College), solving Rubik's Cubes, video blogging, and collaborating with other YouTubers. Many of his videos contain references to the Star Wars franchise. Microsoft Canada has contributed to one of Corey's videos, and MTV Europe contacted him to produce an exclusive video to appear in their televised series MTV's Best.Show.Ever in 2007. In December 2008, Corey produced a 4-part a cappella Christmas e-card for California-based consulting firm Barbary Coast Consulting. In May 2009, Vidal released a 33-part interactive choose-your-own-adventure-style video as part of a collaboration with Blendtec, the company behind Will It Blend?. Lucasfilm is now a sponsor of Vidal's channel.
Corey first gained national Canadian media attention in the summer of 2008 when he was announced as the host of the 888 YouTube Gathering that took place August 8, 2008 in Toronto, Canada. Corey hosted a one-hour show featuring many of YouTube's most popular "cewebrities", including KevJumba, HappySlip, Dave Days, Charles Trippy, Shay Carl, Philip DeFranco, and more.
Corey Vidal launched a second, daily-vlogging YouTube channel on January 1, 2011 called "ApprenticeEh", where he and the staff members of his company record and share their lives every day. As of December 2013, ApprenticeEh has been vlogging for over 1050 days in a row, and has over 6.3 million video views.
Corey appears in the 2012 edition of the annual "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" book series for his work on YouTube.
"Star Wars (John Williams Is The Man) A Cappella Tribute".
A notable success is his most popular video, a "Star Wars" a cappella tribute to composer John Williams - a video of Vidal lip-syncing to a song written in 1999 and recorded in 2002 by a cappella comedy troupe Moosebutter. The video was featured on YouTube Canada's homepage on November 3, 2008, and then again on the Worldwide homepage three days later. It appeared on the homepage of MSN.com, and was featured by MSN Videos and StupidVideos.com. As of February 2013, the video has been viewed over 17 million times since its upload on October 27, 2008. The video quickly became Canada's "#1 Top Rated (All Time)" and "#1 Top Favorited (All Time)" Entertainment video, and received many other "All Time" Honors both in Canada and Worldwide. It was also ranked as one of YouTube's Top 100 Rated videos of All Time, although YouTube retired the Honors system in November 2011. "The Maclean's Book of Lists" named it in their list of '10 Canadian viral sensations' in 2012.
On December 7, 2008 the video was nominated for a 35th Annual People's Choice Awards on CBS as "Favorite User Generated Video" of 2008. It faced competition in its category from other viral videos such as Barack Roll, Fred Goes Swimming, Where the Hell is Matt? (2008), and Wassup 2008. Vidal attended the red carpet event in Los Angeles on January 7, 2009.
Copyright disputes.
Corey is known on YouTube for his multiple Digital Millennium Copyright Act disputes between the content in his videos and copyrighted works owned by major studios and labels. To date, he has fought and won every claim made against his videos.
"4 Minutes".
The first claim came from Warner Music Group in April 2008 over the use of Madonna's song 4 Minutes in one of his hip hop dance videos. The video was removed from YouTube by Warner a month after it being uploaded, having received over 200,000 views. Vidal fought Warner with an official DMCA counter-claim, filed through YouTube's copyright system.
Two weeks after his claim was made, Madonna herself uploaded a video to her official YouTube channel titled "Madonna's Message To YouTube" saying "So all you people out there who are making videos to my single 4 Minutes, keep up the good work. Nice job, nice one, OK. But you got to clean up after yourself, alright?"
Corey forwarded this video to YouTube's copyright department as well as Warner Music Group's legal team, and on May 9, 2008 his video was restored in full, with no penalties held against his account. Ironically, after a falling-out between YouTube and Warner Music Group in early 2009, Warner pulled down every video on YouTube that contained any of their material. This included a complete purging of Madonna's YouTube account and all her videos, including the official music video to 4 Minutes as well as Madonna's message to YouTube. However, because Corey's claim had legally won in 2008, they were unable to remove his video. It currently has over 4 million views. Madonna’s response video has since been restored.
"John Williams/Star Wars A Cappella Tribute".
In mid-January 2009, Corey's Star Wars A Cappella video was removed from YouTube due to a DMCA copyright infringement claim by Warner Music Group. His entire account and all of his videos were suspended, then returned three days later, however the a cappella video remained banned and unviewable. For over a month, the official video was unavailable on YouTube, but copies were spread around the Internet by other uploaders on YouTube and other media sites. On February 24, 2009 the original video returned after Corey Vidal fought Warner's claim, citing the video as being protected under fair use. The video was restored with its original views, ratings, and comments.
Awards and nominations.
! Year
! Nominated work
! Category
! Award
! Result

</doc>
<doc id="19256154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256154" title="R. Byron Pipes">
R. Byron Pipes

Robert Byron Pipes is an educator, researcher in polymer sciences and was the seventeenth president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
He was born on August 14, 1941 in Shreveport, Louisiana. He and his wife Ruth Ellen (whom he married on June 27, 1964) had two children: Christopher and Mark.
He received a B.S. in civil engineering from Louisiana Polytechnic Institute in 1964, an M.S. in engineering from Princeton University in 1969 and a P.h.D. in mechanical engineering from the University of Texas at Arlington in 1972. From 1972-1974, he was an assistant professor in mechanical engineering at Drexel University. In 1974, he joined the University of Delaware as associate professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering, rising to professor of mechanical engineering in 1980, dean of the College of Engineering in 1985 and provost and vice-president for academic affairs in 1991. From 1978-1985, he was director of the Center for Composite Materials at the University of Delaware and from 1989–1993, he was Robert L. Spencer Professor of Engineering. In 1993, he was elected president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. However, he had a difficult relationship with the faculty, which felt that it did not have a voice in how faculty and administrator openings were filled. The faculty senate decided on April 1, 1998 to hold a faculty-wide no-confidence vote. The following day, he announced that he was resigning effective July 1, 1998.
From 1998-2001, he was a distinguished visiting scientist at the College of William and Mary. During this time, he conducted research on carbon nanotechnology at the NASA Langley Research Center. In 2001, he joined the University of Akron as the Goodyear Professor of Polymer Engineering and director of the Akron Global Polymer Academy. In 2004, he was appointed the John L. Bray Distinguished Professor of Engineering at Purdue University.
Honors and awards.
In 1987, he became a member of the National Academy of Engineering. In 1993, he became a member of the Swedish Royal Academy of Engineering. He received the Outstanding Research Award from the American Society of Composites in 1994. He is a fellow of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and the Society for Advanced Materials and Process Engineering. In 1983, he received the Gustus L. Larson Memorial Award from Pi Tau Sigma and the ASME.

</doc>
<doc id="19256206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256206" title="Srikrishna Science Centre">
Srikrishna Science Centre

"Srikrishna Science Centre" was established in Patna in the year 1978 which was named after the first Chief Minister of Bihar (Dr. Sri Krishna Singh). It was inaugurated on April 14, 1978 by the then Minister of Education, Govt of Bihar, Shri Thakur Prasad Singh. This institution forms a unit of the National Council of Science Museums, an autonoums body under the Ministry of Culture, Government of India. It is located at south-western corner of the Gandhi Maidan. The Science Centre has been set up with all round objectives for the benefit of the public, especially the students of schools and colleges.
Galleries.
Following are the major attractions at the centre
The wonders of different topics of Physics and Maths are explained through fifty hands - on exhibits. The gallery is located on the ground floor
Many wonderful interactive exhibits that make science interesting and fun are placed here. The gallery is located on the first floor.
You can watch the objects coming out of the screen in this fascinating show with state-of -the-art technology of polarizations. It is on the first floor of the centre.
The entire story of origin and evolution universe, solar system, earth, its life-forms and man himself is told in this gallery with around 60 interactive exhibits . The gallery is located on the second floor
The richness that is hidden in the depth of the oceans can be understood here with the help of the exhibits of this gallery which is located on the first floor of the centre.
Children love nature.Keeping that in mind, around forty park exhibits are placed in the science park where the children learn while they play.
Dinosaurs are the most fascinating animals that have roamed on the earth. Take a close look at these fascinating lifesize creatures that are moving in the park.
One can know about some of the great Indian Scientists here.
Work is going on to fabricate a new gallery on ;Images and Mirrors; which will have around 60 exhibits. The gallery will showcase several interesting exhibits on concept of reflection, illusive images, 3D images, medical imaging, concept of colours, digital and virtual imaging. Several immersion virtual exhibits will be part of this gallery.
The centre has recently renovated its pathways and opened a cafeteria in its premises for the visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19256208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256208" title="Harry Frei">
Harry Frei

Harald 'Harry' Frei (born 1 May 1951 in West Germany) is a former Australian first-class cricketer who represented Queensland. 
Frei was originally an Australian rules footballer and appeared six times for Footscray during the 1973 VFL season. He later played with the North Launceston Football Club.
It wasn't until the age of 31 that he made his first-class cricket debut, picked to play against a Bob Willis led England XI. In a match that Queensland won, he dismissed Test player Graeme Fowler for single figures in both innings and as well as David Gower twice. Even though he was picked primarily as a fast-medium bowler, he managed to top score for Queensland with the bat in their first innings. His 57 runs, which came off just 36 deliveries and included five sixes, ended when he was bowled by Norman Cowans.
As a result of his strong showing against England, Frei made his Sheffield Shield debut the following week and went on to take 20 wickets at 38.75 for the 1982/83 season. He performed better in Queensland's 1983/84 shield campaign with 23 wickets at 24.08, helping them to their inaugural Final which they lost to Western Australia. Frei took 30 wickets and played in another final in 1985/86 before his form began deteriorating. He managed just eight wickets at 67.37 the following season and never represented Queensland again.

</doc>
<doc id="19256222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256222" title="Silliman Memorial Presbyterian Church">
Silliman Memorial Presbyterian Church

Silliman Memorial Presbyterian Church was a historic Presbyterian church located at Cohoes in Albany County, New York. The complex was built in 1896–1897 and consisted of a church, a church house, and a manse. The Romanesque style church was a square structure constructed of brownstone and brick with an engaged tower at each corner. It featured various gables and turrets on the roof covered in slate. The church house was a -story, Richardsonian Romanesque–style building. The manse was a 2-story stone residence with a Tudor arch doorway. The complex was demolished in 1998.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and it appears to be still listed on the National Register despite no longer being in existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19256230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256230" title="Lee Salem">
Lee Salem

Lee Salem is an American poker player from Carlsbad, California. He has made several notable cashes in World Series of Poker and World Poker Tour tournaments and is also a cash game player.
Salem finished in 5th place in the 1998 World Series of Poker Main Event. He won $190,000 for this finish, which is his largest tournament cash to date. The main event final table for that year included top professional players T.J. Cloutier who finished third and Scotty Nguyen who went on to win the championship and become one of the best known and popular players in the poker world.
Salem first cashed in the WSOP in 1995 in a limit hold'em event and has a total of seven cashes in the World Series of Poker so far in his career. He also cashed in the WSOP Main Event in 2000 (40th place) and in 2005 (361st place).
He also has cashed in the World Poker Tour three times, including making one final table. Salem made the final table of the Grand Prix de Paris 2003 event during the second season of the WPT. He finished in 6th place in that tournament which was won by David Benyamine.
Salem won a limit hold'em event at the California State Poker Championship in 2003, earning $124,655 for the win. He is also a cash game player in and around his hometown in California. 
As of 2009, Salem's total tournament winnings exceed $600,000. His seven cashes at the World Series of Poker make up $291,198 of that total.

</doc>
<doc id="19256252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256252" title="Antennaria corymbosa">
Antennaria corymbosa

Antennaria corymbosa is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name flat-top pussytoes. It is native to parts of northwestern North America from central Canada to California to Colorado, where it grows in moist, cool areas such as mountain meadows and riverbanks. This is a small perennial herb growing from a basal patch of thin, gray, woolly, spoon-shaped leaves one or two centimeters long. It produces several erect stems no more than 15 centimeters tall, each holding an inflorescence of several flower heads. It is dioecious, with male and female plants producing different types of flower heads, which are generally similar in appearance. Each head has a surface of dark-dotted white phyllaries and contains tiny individual flowers. Female flowers yield fruits which are achenes no more than a millimeter long, not counting the soft pappus of 3 or 4 millimeters.

</doc>
<doc id="19256291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256291" title="90 Ghanta">
90 Ghanta

The Game –90 Ghanta ( "90 Hours")(2008) is a Bengali film Directed by Sougata Roy Burman. Psycho-thriller The Game – 90 Ghanta, produced by Morpheus Media Ventures and directed by Sougata Roy Burman is one such offbeat movie.
Plot.
This film has a strikingly different storyline. It tells the tale of George (Tota Roy Choudhury), Rishin (Jishu Sengupta) and his wife Mayuri (Swastika Mukherjee). When George takes up a contract killing assignment from Rishin, he doesn't know his target and client are the same person. Rishin is a schizophrenic who wants himself dead. On realising this, George is torn between his professional ethics and a genuine concern for a fellow human being. Things get complicated when George comes to know Rishin's wife Mayuri is his ex-girlfriend. Mayuri tries to convince him against killing her husband. Meanwhile George and Rishin have also bonded over a common passion, music. The film explores the dynamics of this complex scenario.
Critical reception.
Shoma from Sifymovies said that "90 Hours" is filled with chills and thrills. He went on to say that the film is "slickly made" with some outstanding performances. A different opinion from the telegraph noted that "90 Ghanta has a smart script but falls short of becoming dark, sinister and unsettling due to poor directorial skills."

</doc>
<doc id="19256292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256292" title="High Ongar">
High Ongar

High Ongar is a village and civil parish in the County of Essex, England. It is located a mile (1½ km) north-east of Chipping Ongar, 8 miles (13 km) west of Chelmsford and 6 miles (10 km) north-west of Brentwood.
The village of High Ongar has existed since the beginning of the 17th century, although in the Middle Ages it was probably no more than a tiny hamlet. The oldest surviving house in the village is the timber-framed and weather-boarded building immediately east of the church, known as Post Office Cottages. This dates from the late 16th or early 17th century and may have been built as the rectory. Part of it was at one time used as a "lock-up".
The most prominent building within High Ongar's Conservation Area is the parish church of St. Mary the Virgin, which is listed Grade I. The church dates from the mid-12th century although it was extended and restored in the 19th century. Thomas Chase, former Lord Chancellor of Ireland and Chancellor of Oxford (died 1449) spent his last years as vicar here. Other listed buildings in the area include: High Ongar Primary School (1871); the Forrester's Arms (late 18th century); the Red Lion ("Now Masala King" (mid-17th century); "The Mulberry Tree" restaurant (mid-17th century); and Nos.1, 2 and 3 Blacksmiths' cottages (late 17th century).

</doc>
<doc id="19256346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256346" title="Lanko·Grand Hyatt Hotel">
Lanko·Grand Hyatt Hotel

The Lanko·Grand Hyatt Hotel was a planned 258 metre (846 foot) tall, 60-story skyscraper located in the Nan'an District of Chongqing, China. 
The Lanko·Grand Hyatt Hotel would have been the 202th tallest existing skyscraper in the world when measured up to the spire and the second tallest building in Western China. The building was to be 226.2 metres tall when the spire is removed.

</doc>
<doc id="19256349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256349" title="Antennaria dimorpha">
Antennaria dimorpha

Antennaria dimorpha is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name low pussytoes. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Nebraska, where it is generally found in dry areas. This is a small mat-forming perennial herb growing in a flat patch from a thick, branching caudex. The spoon-shaped leaves are up to about a centimeter long and green but coated with long, gray hairs. The erect inflorescences are only a few centimeters tall. Each holds a single flower head lined with dark brown and green patched phyllaries. It is dioecious, with male plants bearing heads of staminate flowers and female plants bearing heads of larger pistillate flowers. The fruit is an achene with a long, soft, barbed pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19256380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256380" title="Martin Reimann">
Martin Reimann

Martin Reimann is a psychologist and marketing researcher. He currently teaches and researches marketing as an assistant professor of marketing at the Eller College of Management of The University of Arizona.
Research.
His research focuses on consumer psychology, especially the role of positive and negative affect in consumption, and is aimed at identifying an overarching framework for how consumers utilize emotional information to arrive at decisions. Specifically, he is interested in reward and reinforcement, food consumption, and relationship management. Reimann's research also deals with accuracy of survey responses and the triangulation of different data forms. His work was published in the Journal of Marketing Research, the Journal of Consumer Psychology, the Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science, and the International Journal of Research in Marketing, among other journal outlets. 
Service.
Martin Reimann founded the Journal of Neuroscience, Psychology, and Economics (JNPE), which is an official journal of the American Psychological Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="19256395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256395" title="Sugira">
Sugira

Sugira, formerly known as Kunwarpur, is a village in India. It lies between Kulpahar and Rath on National Highway 76 4 km from Kulpahar towards Jhansi. Sugira was counted as a model village before 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19256399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256399" title="Vistan">
Vistan

Vistan or Veyestan or Wistan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19256421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256421" title="Somchai Wongsawat">
Somchai Wongsawat

Somchai Wongsawat (, born August 31, 1947) is a Thai politician, a Prime Minister of Thailand in 2008 and a former executive member of the People's Power Party (PPP) whose political rights have been disenfranchised by the Constitutional Court (ConCourt) for five years. 
Prior to entering electoral politics, he had served civil service and judicial service, having been appointed Permanent Secretary of Justice (the highest non-elected position in the civil service) in 2000 by the government of Chuan Leekpai. Following his retirement from office in 2006 owing to the pensionable age, he entered politics after the 2006 coup unseating the government of his brother-in-law, Thaksin Shinawatra. He joined the PPP which won the December 2007 parliamentary elections, becoming Minister of Education and Senior Deputy Prime Minister. After the premiership of Samak Sundaravej had been terminated by the ConCourt for contravening the conflict of interests law, Somchai was successfully nominated Prime Minister. His government had to deal with the 2008 Thailand political crisis as well as the global financial crisis of 2008, and the PPP was eventually dissolved by the ConCourt and its executive members, including Somchai, were prohitibited from politics for five years for vote-buying committed by Yongyuth Tiyapairat.
Family life.
Somchai was born at Amphoe Chawang, Nakhon Si Thammarat Province, a son of Mr. Choem and Mrs. Dap (Sutsai) Wongsawat. He is a brother-in-law of former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra and current prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra, having married their sister Yaowapha. The couple have three children, Mr. Yotchanan Wongsawat, Ms. Chinnicha Wongsawat and Mrs. Chayapha Nam.
Somchai's wife Yaowapha previously served as an MP in the Thai Rak Thai Party led by her older brother, Thaksin Shinawatra. Like one hundred and ten other members of the party, she was banned from participating in politics for a five-year period by the order of the Constitutional Tribunal because of the party's violation of election laws.
Education.
Somchai completed his primary education in his home town, and his secondary education at Amnuay Silpa School in Bangkok. He received a bachelor of law from Faculty of Law, Thammasat University in 1970, becoming a barrister-at-law of the Thai Bar Association in the next three year. He achieved his master of Public Administration from the National Institute of Development Administration in 2002.
Career.
Public service.
Somchai has been appointed to various offices in the juridical service and the civil service, including "inter alia": assistant judge of the Ministry of Justice in 1974, ministerial justice in the next year, justice of Chiang Mai's Provincial Court in 1976, justice of Chiang Mai in 1978, justice of Chiang Rai in 1983, chief of the Bench of Phang Nga's Provincial Court in 1986, chief of the Children and Juvenile Court of Rayong in 1987, chief of Chon Buri's Provincial Court in 1988 and of Nonthaburi's Provincial Court in the next year, and chief of the Bench of Thon Buri's Criminal Court in 1990, respectively. Somchai held office as judge of the 3rd Region's Appealate Court in 1993 and chief of the Bench of the 2nd Region's Appealate Court in 1997.
In 1998 Somchai was appointed as the Deputy Permanent Secretary of Justice for Academic Affairs, and later for Administrative Affairs. He became the Permanent Secretary of Justice on 11 November 2000, and was transferred to become the Permanent Secretary of Labour from 8 March to 30 September 2006, the date he retired from the public service after reaching pensionable age.
Somchai has been since appointed "inter alia" chairperson of the law committee of the National Research Council of Thailand, member of the Thai Bar Association's committee, member of the Board of Thailand's Electricity Generation Authority, member of the Board of the Narcotics Prevention and Suppression Board, member of the Money Laundering Prevention and Suppression Board, member of the committee of the Council of State of Thailand, member of the Board of Policy of the National Thai Police, member of the Civil Service Board of Thailand, member of the Juridical Service Board of Thailand, and member of the National Official Information Board of Thailand.
Premiership.
A member of the People Power Party, he was the deputy leader of the Party in 2007 and held office as the Minister of Education in the Next Year and Senior Deputy Prime Minister.
King Bhumibol Adulyadej issued a Royal Proclamation appointing Somchai as the 26th Prime Minister on 18 September 2008.
Siege.
On October 7, 2008, anti-government protesters attempted to hold 320 parliamentarians and senators hostage inside the Parliament building, cutting off power. Somchai Wongsawat escaped by climbing a fence after his policy address. Other legislators were trapped inside. The 6-week sit-in and siege on the area next to the prime minister’s office led the government to transfer its activities to Don Muang. Eventually, police used force against the demonstration; thousands were injured, and two protestors died, one a young woman.
Investigation.
On September 29, Thailand's Election Commission spokesman Ruangrote Jomsueb said a subcommittee would investigate Somchai (30 days probe, to the Constitutional Court) per Senator Ruangkrai Leekijwattanaon's complaint on "whether Somchai violated the constitution by holding shares in Thailand's CS LoxInfo PCL, an Internet service provider that is a contract partner of CAT Telecom, a state-owned telecommunications service provider." The Thai constitution bars parliament members from holding shares in companies that do business with state enterprises, and if found guilty, Somchai would be disqualified as parliament member and ousted as prime minister.
Neglected duty and removal.
On October 17, Thailand's anti-corruption body found Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat guilty of neglecting his duties while working in the justice department eight years ago. Members of the National Counter Corruption Commission said Somchai was wrong to suspend a corruption investigation into two senior officials while he was a permanent secretary at the justice ministry in 2000. The NCCC's investigation followed a complaint lodged by senior judge Chamnan Rawiwanpong after he petitioned for an investigation into alleged corruption involving a land sale in Phatum Thani province in 2000.
After the petition, Somchai set up a disciplinary panel, accusing Chamnan of serious wrongdoing and recommending he be fired, prompting Chamnan to make the counter-complaint.
Somchai Cabinet.
The Cabinet was active from 18 September 2008 - 2 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19256444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256444" title="Charlotte Street, Brisbane">
Charlotte Street, Brisbane

Charlotte Street is a road in the central business district of Brisbane. The street is one of a number that were named after female queens and princesses of the royal family shortly after the penal colony was settled. Mary Street runs parallel to the south and Elizabeth Street is the next street to the north.
The one-directional road begins at a T-intersection where Creek Street becomes Eagle Street, close to the Brisbane River. Charlotte Street ends at another T-intersection with George Street. Here lies the 111 George Street tower containing mostly government offices.
Charlotte Towers and Festival Towers are two tall residential buildings in Charlotte Street. The Elizabeth Arcade, St Stephens Cathedral, Comalco Place and The Pancake Manor are some of the other notable buildings located on Charlotte Street.
A number of multi-storey car parks have been built on the road. A police station once located on the Queen Street Mall was transferred to Charlotte Street. The iconic Victory Hotel, also on Charlotte Street, closed on 27 July 2008 after a fire destroyed the premises. It has since re-opened in its original form.
Heritage listings.
Charlotte Street has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19256458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256458" title="Antennaria flagellaris">
Antennaria flagellaris

Antennaria flagellaris is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names whip pussytoes and stoloniferous pussytoes. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Wyoming, but mostly to the Great Basin, where it is a member of the sagebrush scrub plant community. 
This is a petite perennial herb forming a thin patch on the ground no more than 2 centimeters high. It grows from a slender caudex and spreads via thin, wiry, cobwebby stolons. The woolly grayish leaves are one to two centimeters long and generally lance-shaped. The tiny inflorescence holds a single flower head less than a centimeter wide. The species is dioecious, with male plants producing staminate flowers and female plants producing pistillate. The fruit is a bumpy achene up to a centimeter long including its long, soft pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19256474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256474" title="Scottish Tartans Society">
Scottish Tartans Society

The Scottish Tartans Society (STS), now defunct, was a society committed to the recording and preservation of woven tartan designs from around the world; it maintained the "Register of All Publicly Known Tartans". The society was first formed in 1963 and existed for about 40 years. The Scottish Tartans Society ceased to record new tartan designs in about the year 2000, having recorded about 2,700 different designs. Today, Scottish Tartans World Register (STWR) keeps the archives of the STS and has assumed the job of recording new tartans upon request, and has about 3,000 different tartan designs recorded and registered.
Creation and closure.
The Scottish Tartans Society was first formed in 1963, by several scholars of tartan and highland dress, with the encouragement of the Lord Lyon King of Arms. The society set out to preserve and record every woven tartan known, including clan tartans and artifacts from several museums and private collections. The society also strove to promote the research into highland dress, and to assist in the designing of new tartans. It was also a recognised charity, under Scots law. The society's register of tartans was known as the "Register of All Publicly Known Tartans". This register was originally a physical collection, consisting of tartans and fabrics. Later, however, the register was eventually transferred to computer in the form of an electronic database. In 1988, the society established a museum of tartan and highland dress in Highlands, North Carolina, USA. In 1994, the museum moved to Franklin, North Carolina, where it exists today. In 1996, several members of the society left to create their own organisation, called the Scottish Tartans Authority, or (STA). The Scottish Tartans Society ran into financial difficulties and ceased to record new tartan designs around the year 2000. By this time, about 2,700 tartans had been recorded by the society. Among the tartans recorded by the society are clan or family, district, individual, commemorative and various other tartans. The society is now defunct.
Birth of the "Scottish Tartans World Register".
The archives of the Scottish Tartans Society have been kept, since STS's closure, by the Scottish Tartans World Register, and remain with STWR as of 2008. This organisation is a non-authoritative body, which aims to record any tartan, new or old, upon request. This organisation was formed by the consultant to the Scottish Tartans Society. STWR is the trading name of a registered company, Tartan Registration Limited. This company is also a registered Scottish Charity.
Their database, also called the "Scottish Tartans World Register", is based upon the "Register of All Publicly Known Tartans", and consists of a computer database, of about 3,000 tartan designs. The STWR currently registers any tartans upon request. The STWR will either "note" a design, free of charge, or formally "register" any tartan at the cost of £50.

</doc>
<doc id="19256476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256476" title="Qinglong, Liaoning">
Qinglong, Liaoning

Qinglong was the pre-Second Sino-Japanese War name for Ku-Shan, in the province of Liaoning, a town in Northeast China.
As a critical stop on the marital convoy route between steel-producing Anshan and the strategically significant port city Zhuanghe, Qinglong held a vital role for Japan-ruled Northeastern China. However, due to a fateful sabotage convoy led by Chinese rebels in 1938, the city fell from Japanese to Chinese authority.
Qinglong was part of the "puppet state," Manchukuo, that Japan created in order to mine precious resources such as steel to fuel their war machine leading up to and during World War Two, largely at the behest of the Manchurian Industrial Development Company.
After a brief skirmish instigated by the sabotage convoy, explosions from steel trucks rang out across the town, damaging many houses beyond repair. It was not until, 1941, during World War II, that the town was rebuilt and renamed, as Ku-Shan.
The town was to be the locus of the so-called Manchurian Youth Corps, a forcible association of young men organized to some degree through the inspiration of the Nazi Hitler Youth.

</doc>
<doc id="19256489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256489" title="Ravipalli">
Ravipalli

Ravipalli is a village in Garugubilli mandal in the revenue division of Parvathipuram in Vizianagaram district of India.
Census.
Ravipalli had a population of 5,200 in 2007. Males constitute 3,388 and females constitute 1,820 of the population. The average literacy rate is 64%. Male literacy rate is 68% and that of females 39%. It is a great village in Vizianagaram Dist, lot of Engineers came up from this place.

</doc>
<doc id="19256514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256514" title="Commission for Financial Literacy and Retirement Income">
Commission for Financial Literacy and Retirement Income

The Commission for Financial Literacy and Retirement Income (formerly the Retirement Commission), is a Crown Entity under the New Zealand Crown Entities Act 2004. The Commission works to improve the financial wellbeing of all New Zealanders throughout their lives through education, information and promotion. 
Overview.
The Commission operates under the NZ Superannuation and Retirement Income Act, which provides the statutory framework for its operations. It also has certain functions under the Retirement Villages Act 2003. The Commission is funded by central government and has an annual budget of around $NZ5.9m.
The Commission's activities include:
Retirement commissioner.
The Commission is the office of the Retirement Commissioner. Diane Maxwell is the Commissioner. She was appointed by the Minister of Commerce for a three year term from 1 July 2013. Diane was Head of Stakeholder Management for the Financial Markets Authority, and before that, the Head of Brand and Corporate Affairs at the BNZ.
Previous Retirement Commissioners are:·       

</doc>
<doc id="19256523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256523" title="Janmadata">
Janmadata

Janmadata () (2008) is a Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha.

</doc>
<doc id="19256541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256541" title="The Willies">
The Willies

The Willies is the 15th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 2002 and features performances by Frisell, Danny Barnes and Keith Lowe.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Zac Johnson awarded the album 3,5 stars stating "Anyone familiar with the guitarist's style will understand his choices in recording these timeworn love songs and murder ballads, and traditional folk aficionados will be intrigued to hear their old favorites in this new environment. ".

</doc>
<doc id="19256550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256550" title="Antennaria geyeri">
Antennaria geyeri

Antennaria geyeri is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name pinewoods pussytoes. It is native to the northwestern United States where it grows in woodland and scrub. This is a small perennial herb growing up to about 14 centimeters tall. It produces several erect stems from a branching, woody base, and there is no basal rosette of leaves. The leaves along the stem are lance-shaped, a few centimeters long, and coated in long woolly hairs. The inflorescence bears up to 25 flower heads with coats of woolly white fibers and pink-tipped phyllaries. The species is dioecious, with male plants bearing staminate flowers in their heads and female plants bearing pistillate. The fruit is a hairy achene up to a centimeter long including its long, soft pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19256579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256579" title="Əliabad, Lerik">
Əliabad, Lerik

Əliabad, Lerik may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19256589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256589" title="My Husband's Woman">
My Husband's Woman

"My Husband's Woman" (; lit. "My Man's Woman") is a 2007 South Korean television series starring Kim Hee-ae, Bae Jong-ok, and Kim Sang-joong. It aired on SBS from April 2 to July 19, 2007 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 24 episodes.
Written by renowned TV scribe Kim Soo-hyun in her no-nonsense yet provocative style, the TV series explores the intimate and painful ordeal of women on both sides of the story behind an extramarital affair, delving into the minds of the betrayed and the betrayer.
It was the second highest-rated Korean drama of 2007 (next to "Jumong"), and won Kim Hee-ae the Grand Prize ("Daesang") at the 2007 SBS Drama Awards. 
Plot.
Ji-soo (Bae Jong-ok) is an unassuming housewife leading a happy life with her college professor husband Joon-pyo (Kim Sang-joong) and their son. But trouble lurks when Ji-soo's widowed friend Hwa-young (Kim Hee-ae) accompanies Ji-soo and her family on a trip and secretly begins a love affair with Joon-pyo. One day, Ji-soo hosts a barbecue party at her house and invites Hwa-young and her sister Eun-soo (Ha Yoo-mi). Besieged by passion, Hwa-young and Joon-pyo end up making out inside the kitchen, but soon get caught red-handed by Eun-soo. Shocked and sickened to her stomach, yet nervous about what her fragile sister might do if she ever finds out, Eun-soo threatens Hwa-young and Joon-pyo to end the affair immediately. But truth has a way of slipping out, and Ji-soo's perfect life comes crashing down when she learns that her husband is having an affair with her friend. In the aftermath of the revelation, the psychological warfare begins, and to retaliate, Ji-soo decides to have an affair herself with her old college friend (Lee Jong-won).
Plagiarism.
Writer Kim Soo-hyun strongly denied the accusations of plagiarism by Ryu Gyeung-ok, who claimed that "My Husband's Woman" was very similar to her own TV drama "That Woman, Ok-hui".

</doc>
<doc id="19256591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256591" title="1998 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament">
1998 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament

The 1998 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 26th edition of the event known that year as the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, and was part of the ATP International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, Netherlands, from March 2 through March 18, 1998.
The singles field was led by ATP No. 3, US Open champion and Grand Slam Cup finalist Patrick Rafter, US Open semifinalist and Australian Open quarterfinalist Jonas Björkman, and US Open runner-up, Split finalist, Antwerp winner Greg Rusedski. Other seeds competing were recent London titlist Yevgeny Kafelnikov, St. Petersburg winner and Rotterdam defending champion Richard Krajicek, Sergi Bruguera and Goran Ivanišević.

</doc>
<doc id="19256598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256598" title="Əliabad (38° 41' N 48° 33' E), Lerik">
Əliabad (38° 41' N 48° 33' E), Lerik

Əliabad is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19256600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256600" title="Jan Gerard Wessels Boer">
Jan Gerard Wessels Boer

Jan Gerard Wessels Boer (born 1936) is a Dutch plant taxonomist best known for his work on palms. He has described 37 species, subspecies and varieties of plants, especially in the palm family

</doc>
<doc id="19256606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256606" title="Fuchsia (clothing)">
Fuchsia (clothing)

Fuchsia is an American fashion company and design house run by Veronica Scott and Lawren Pope, based San Diego, California. Fuchsia specializes in women's fashion, handbags, and accessories.
History.
Fuchsia began as a small Houston-based fashion retail company. Scott and Pope's first venture was selling accessories and handbags to classmates during their sophomore year at Westside High School. With the capital from the initial accessory sales, Scott and Pope created their first collection of ready-to-wear cocktail dresses. In 2004, Scott and Pope hosted their first Fuchsia Runway show in Spring, Texas. Among the crowd were Texan socialites and Houston boutique owners who all previewed the first pieces of the Fuchsia collection. The same year Scott and Pope added a new custom design service, creating custom couture gowns for wealthy Houstonians. 
Through word-of-mouth Fuchsia's clientele grew and the company soon caught the attention of journalist Taslin Alfonzo, who profiled Fuchsia for Fox News in 2005. Alfonso predicted that it wouldn't be long before everyone would, "soon see Fuchsia in the latest fashion magazines."
One year after High School graduation Scott and Pope moved the Fuchsia headquarters to San Diego, California, where they would both attend college as business majors and continue to grow the company.
E-Commerce.
On May 13, 2004 Fuchsia opened its virtual doors. Four years later in 2008, Troy Anderson, Staff Writer of Los Angeles Daily News, wrote that Scott and Pope had indeed "…capitalized on the boom in internet retailing." The boutique located at www.FuchsiaOnline.com offers the Fuchsia clothing line, as well as a few select high-end designer gowns and accessories from other exclusive fashion houses. 
The site generated most of Fuchsia's early press, including the first live broadcast of a Fuchsia runway show. Elissa Rivas, a correspondent for ABC KTRK-TV interviewed Scott and Pope for ABC's behind the scenes coverage of the last known Fuchsia runway show to take place in Houston. 
Scott, also the webmaster for FuchsiaOnline.com, prefers ecommerce to a physical boutique. Scott says that the web boutique works out great, "because we're still in college and we don't have to maintain a storefront 24/7." She and Pope might expand the boutique physically after college, since they still have to "keep up with school work."
Philanthropy.
Save the Girls Scholarship Foundation.
On March 28, 2007, Fuchsia opened its first 501(c)(3) non-profit called Save the Girls. The organization's mission is to "bridge the gap between bright disadvantaged young women and higher level schooling by providing educational and financial support, as well as access to the best resources we have to offer." Save The Girls offers this financial support through The Save the Girls Scholarship Fund which provides funding for financially challenged girls who plan to study business in college. News of the Save the Girls Scholarship Foundation sparked the interest of reporter Dominique Sachse of the NBC KPRC-TV Staff. Sachse, a fellow Houston philanthropist, announced she would produce a special interview with the owners of Fuchsia to help raise startup funds for Save the Girls. The interview aired September 6, 2006, and was the last Fuchsia interview taped in Houston before the company’s move to the west coast.
Conservation Movement.
As part of the conservation movement, and Fuchsia's "Fuchsia Goes Green" campaign, Save The Girls offers a free curbside recycling service for California homeowners, schools, and businesses. The California Redemption Value proceeds from recycling help finance the Save the Girls Scholarship Fund. 
FuchsiaOnline.com also includes a "Scholarship Shop" that offers t-shirts and totes donning slogans such as "I Saved the Girls," "Save the Girls Now," and "Pink is the New Green," to which profits also benefit the Save the Girls Scholarship Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19256608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256608" title="Əliabad (38° 50' N 48° 37' E), Lerik">
Əliabad (38° 50' N 48° 37' E), Lerik

Əliabad is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19256618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256618" title="Determine">
Determine

Determine (1951–1972), was an American Thoroughbred race horse. In a racing career which lasted from 1953 through 1955, the California-trained colt ran forty-four times and won eighteen races. His best season was 1954 when he became the first gray horse to win the Kentucky Derby.
Background.
Determine was sired by the British stallion Alibhai a son of the 1933 Epsom Derby and St. Leger Stakes winner Hyperion. Alibhai's other progeny included Your Host and Flower Bowl. Determine's dam was Koubis, born with a cleft palate. Her breeder, Dr. Eslie Asbury, used specially designed instruments to repair her palate in a unique operation, but she was never raced. Koubis was a grand-daughter of the mare Swing On, the dam of Seabiscuit, and was also related to Equipoise and Intentionally. 
Bred to Alibhai, Koubis produced a colt so small that the man who bought him for $12,000, a California automobile dealer named Andrew J. Crevolin, said he "…must have been standing in a hole when he inspected the colt." His breeder offered to take him back, but Crevolin refused, explaining that he might be letting a Kentucky Derby winner get away. The colt was sent into training with William Molter in California.
Determine, a soft gray in color, grew to a little over fifteen hands and never weighed more than 900 pounds. At the time of his Derby win he was described in the press as being a "pint-sized colt" and "a little package of dynamite".
Racing career.
In his two-year-old season Determine won prize money which totaled more than double his purchase price. Overall, it was a modest year, but when he turned three, with no break in training from the year before, Determine was always in stakes company and was never out of the money. In more than one race, his small size got him through holes, and his light weight made him nimble in cramped situations. 
After Determine won the Santa Anita Derby as well as a few other important West Coast stakes races, Crevolin wanted to send him to Kentucky for the Derby. But his trainer, Wille Molter, with a large stable to manage, was reluctant to take the risk, believing that the race was too hard on a young horse so early in the year. Trainer and owner went back and forth over this decision until Determine made it for them by winning more races. He was flown to Kentucky, and in the space of four days ran in two races. On April 27, 1954, he competed in the Derby Trial, running side by side with Hasty Road in the stretch. Determine matched the much larger Hasty Road stride for stride, although Hasty Road won by a head in a new track record time of 1:35 for the mile. The show horse was eleven lengths back. 
On May 1, Determine, who had been flown in from California shortly before the race, was ridden by Ray York in the 1954 Kentucky Derby. He was the second choice of the 100,000 crowd at odds of 4/1 with Correlation, another Californian colt, starting the 3/1 favourite. Right out of the gate, York was almost unseated. Timely Tip, who had won the Arkansas Derby, cut over badly from the outside. In what Churchill Downs describes as one of the roughest Derbys ever run, Determine stayed on his feet, and York stayed in the saddle. Hasty Road was well in the lead, but Determine caught him 1/16 of a mile from the finish and won by a length and a half, becoming the first gray to win the Derby. As the colt had never been entered in the Belmont Stakes there was no hope of completing the Triple Crown, and shortly after the Derby it was announced that Determine would miss the Preakness Stakes, which was won in his absence by Hasty Road. Molter had explained that as Determine was a late foal and had already run nine times in 1954, he did not want to risk over-racing him.
Back in California, Determine was sent out against older horses. Losing a few races, he was found to have an abscessed jaw and was taken out of training. When he came back, he was heavily weighted, which took its toll on him. Even so, he won four stakes races and retired with winnings of almost $600,000.
Stud record.
Determine proved to be a good sire. His son Decidedly won the 1962 Kentucky Derby. Warfare, out of War Whisk, was a solid campaigner. Also, Determine was damsire to Hall of Fame filly Bold 'n Determined.
Determine died in September 1972 and is buried at Rancho Jonata, Buellton, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19256639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256639" title="Mary Dunn (yoga)">
Mary Dunn (yoga)

Mary Louise Palmer Dunn (2 June 1942 – 4 September 2008) was an American instructor in Iyengar yoga.
Life and career.
Dunn was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan. After graduating University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1964, she married Roger Dunn and 1965 and later moved to San Francisco, California in 1967. Her mother was a student of B. K. S. Iyengar and helped bring him to the United States in 1973.
Dunn began learning under Iyengar in 1974, eventually becoming a founding director of the Iyengar Yoga National Association of the United States. She also helped found institutes in San Francisco, San Diego and New York.
Dunn died of peritoneal cancer in Scarsdale, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19256658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256658" title="Mirosławiec air disaster">
Mirosławiec air disaster

The Mirosławiec air accident occurred in Poland on 23 January 2008 when an EADS CASA C-295 military transport plane crashed as it approached the Mirosławiec runway, killing all passengers and crew. The Polish Air Force plane had been flying from Warsaw to the 12th Air Base in Mirosławiec, and the 20 victims included high-ranking air force officers. 
Although this was the first serious accident of a CASA C-295, after the accident all Polish C-295s were grounded until further notice. In the subsequent investigations the primary cause of the accident was determined to be an inadvertent loss of spatial and situational awareness by the aircraft crew during the landing approach in poor weather conditions, with a low cloud ceiling and little visibility. A number of secondary causes and contributing factors were also found by the investigation after the accident, including deficiencies in the air traffic controllers' skills and methods of directing and controlling the landing.
The Polish defence minister Bogdan Klich dismissed five air force personnel after the accident investigation concluded that multiple failings contributed to the crash.

</doc>
<doc id="19256666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256666" title="2006 Cotton Bowl Classic">
2006 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 2006 AT&T Cotton Bowl Classic was held on January 2, 2006, in Dallas, Texas at the Cotton Bowl. The game featured the Alabama Crimson Tide of the SEC, and the Texas Tech Red Raiders of the Big 12 Conference.
During the 2005 season, Alabama — led by quarterback Brodie Croyle — earned a 9-2 regular season record (all nine wins were later vacated by the NCAA due to violations). Following a 9-0 start, the Crimson Tide's two losses came to SEC West rivals LSU and Auburn.
Texas Tech — led by quarterback Cody Hodges — also suffered two defeats during their season, including a 52–17 defeat to eventual national champion Texas and a 24–17 loss at Oklahoma State.
In 2009, the NCAA vacated Alabama's Cotton Bowl win due to infractions committed during the season.
Game.
In a matchup of Alabama's first-ranked scoring defense and Texas Tech's second-ranked scoring offense, the Crimson Tide held the Red Raiders to ten points — thanks to numerous pressures and four sacks of Texas Tech senior quarterback Cody Hodges — who completed only 15 of 32 passes for 191 yards and was knocked out of the game for a period in the second half.
The Alabama defense was assisted by an efficient offense that controlled the ball much of the game and kept the defense off the field; Alabama ultimately possessed the ball for 38:56, largely thanks to Kenneth Darby, who rushed for 83 yards on 29 carries.
Alabama scored first — less than four minutes into the game — as Croyle hit sophomore wide receiver Keith Brown for a 76–yard touchdown. Brown finished as Croyle’s top target, gaining 142 yards on five catches. An Alex Trlica 34-yard field goal brought Texas Tech to within four. Alabama kicker Jamie Christensen missed a field goal from 38 yards early in the second quarter and the teams traded blocked field goals to end the first half. 
Though the Crimson Tide defense kept the Red Raiders in check most of the second half, Hodges engineered late drives for Texas Tech, using both his legs (he finished as his team’s top rusher, gaining 93 yards on 13 carries) and arm. He eventually hit Jarrett Hicks for a game-tying touchdown late in the fourth quarter. It was the Alabama offense that finally secured the win for the Crimson Tide, as quarterback Brodie Croyle, who completed 19 of 31 passes for 275 yards, drove his team 55 yards late in the fourth quarter to set up kicker Jamie Christensen’s 45–yard game-winning field goal attempt on the final play. The kick was low, wobbly, and spinning sideways yet somehow managed to find its way through the uprights, giving Alabama the 13-10 victory.
The game-winning field goal by Christensen was the first game-ending score in a Cotton Bowl Classic since 1979, when Joe Montana brought Notre Dame from behind to defeat the University of Houston.
Win vacated.
Alabama's Cotton Bowl Classic win, as well as all nine regular season wins, were vacated in 2009 when the NCAA announced penalties against the school for violations that occurred during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19256693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256693" title="Arrows (Australian band)">
Arrows (Australian band)

Arrows are a band from Brisbane, Australia. Forming in August 2006, the band has released two albums, an EP and two split releases. The line-up consists of Anthony Morgan (guitars, keyboard, vocals), Carl Burnett (bass) and Anders Cairns (drums) and Scott Merillo (guitar).
Arrows are on the Hobbledehoy Record Co label, an independent Australian record company that also features Owen, Blueline Medic, This Will Destroy You, Eleventh He Reaches London and more.
Don’t Write Poetry.
In Spring of 2006, Arrows self recorded their debut CD-ep "Don’t Write Poetry" which was released on Burnett’s Indoor Children label as a limited release.
The release is titled after and features excerpts from various Charles Bukowski works.
Track listing
1. Untitled<br>
2. Don’t Bullshit a Bullshitter<br>
3. The Next Sound You Hear<br>
4. Sleep? I Do Not, Miss<br>
5. My Verses Versus Your Lyrics<br>
6. 10 August 2006<br>
7. Clever
Split 12” – These Hands Could Separate the Sky.
Following a national tour in March 2007 with friends from Melbourne, Australia, These Hands Could Separate the Sky, the two bands recorded a split 12” record which was originally released in October 2007 by Indoor Children, later to be re-released on CDep / digital by Hobbledehoy Record Co.
Track listing
"Arrows"
1. Let the Marketing Onslaught Begin<br>
2. You Can Take the Neighbourhood Out of the Boy (But You Can’t Take the Boy Out of the Neighbourhood)<br>
3. Don’t Interrupt me While I’m Working
"These Hands Could Separate the Sky"
4. Sedna<br>
5. Sirens (Good Morning Captain)
Modern Art & Politics.
In November 2008, Hobbledehoy Record Co released the band's debut full-length "Modern Art & Politics". Recorded by David Williams and the band themselves at Via Studios and in various apartments across Brisbane, it was later mixed by Samuel Johnson and mastered by Doug van Sloun (Bright Eyes, Cursive, The Gloria Record), the record flooded "Best of 2008" lists and received praising reviews from all across the world.
In July 2012, the song "Whores Will Have Their Trinkets" from "Modern Art & Politics" was used in the Parkway Drive "Home is for the Heartless" DVD. Debuting at #1 on the ARIA Music DVD charts and reaching Gold status in its first week of sales, the DVD would go on to reach Platinum status shortly after.
Track listing
1. We Only Speak on Weekends<br>
2. Whores Will Have Their Trinkets<br>
3. Someone You Knew But You've Hardly Met<br>
4. Clean Sheets Aren't Just For Keepers<br>
5. Surely Not? Afraid So<br>
6. I Can Hear Your Lungs Rattling<br>
7. She Wore a Cabernet Smile<br>
8. Some Novel I'm Writing<br>
9. May Your Beer and Chin Always Be Held High<br>
10. Pour Me Into a Taxi
Try & Stay Upright.
Winter of 2010 saw the band record Try & Stay Upright, again using the familiar faces of David Williams, Samuel Johnson and Doug van Sloun for its recording, mixing and mastering respectively. The record was released on multiple formats on Hobbledehoy Record Co September 20, 2010.
The record was again met with positive reviews across Australia and worldwide.
Track listing
1. What Happens at a Gifthorse Show<br>
2. Calling Your Sponsor<br>
3. Try and Stay Upright<br>
4. Always With the Leaving<br>
5. Of Bordeaux and Burgundy<br>
6. No Prizes for Pioneering
Split 7” – Empire! Empire!
Released on September 4, 2012 with North American friends Empire! Empire! (I was a lonely estate) as a collaboration between the band's respective longtime labels Hobbledehoy Record Co and Count Your Lucky Stars Records, this was the fifth release for Arrows. This Split 7" was a long time coming after years of contact between the two bands.
The artwork features Bodhi Thomas, family pet of a close friend to Arrows.
Track listing
"Arrows"
1. All Passwords Are Brisbane
"Empire! Empire! (I was a lonely estate)"
4. Turbo Stasis<br>
5. We Did Not Need to Open It to Know It Was There

</doc>
<doc id="19256697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256697" title="Saak">
Saak

Saak or SAAK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19256723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256723" title="JW Marriott Mumbai">
JW Marriott Mumbai

The JW Marriott Hotel Mumbai is the flagship hotel of the Marriott Group in Mumbai, India.Founded by JW Marriott Jr. and co-owned by Raheja Hospitality
JW Marriott, Mumbai was the first JW Marriott brand in India. It also offers wedding services.
It also houses a nightclub called Enigma that was popular with Bollywood actors and actresses. JW Marriott Mumbai also houses Quan Spa, the flagship spa brand of Marriott.

</doc>
<doc id="19256733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256733" title="Meiji no Mori Minō Quasi-National Park">
Meiji no Mori Minō Quasi-National Park

Overview.
The park is located on Mt Minō in Ōsaka Prefecture. Its grounds encompasse 963 ha of lower mountain slope and forest and reside at relatively low altitudes of 100 m to 600m. 
Geologically, sedimentary rocks from the Mesozoic Era dominate the geology of the location with ccasional outcroppings of granite and diorite. The tomb of Kaijyo, the founding monk of Katsuō-ji Temple built in 765, is located inside of the park.
Despite its proximity to the Metropolitan Osaka Area, the park is inhabited by 1,300 plant species and 3,500 insect species. The location is also known as a paradise for a large population of birds, animals, fish, and little creatures, as well as monkeys, which are protected by law.
The Tōkai Nature Trail, which starts at Meiji no Mori Takao Quasi-National Park, ends here.
Access.
Walk north from Hankyu Minoo Line Minoo Station

</doc>
<doc id="19256761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256761" title="The Intercontinentals">
The Intercontinentals

The Intercontinentals is the 16th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 2003 and features performances by Frisell, Sidiki Camara, Vinicius Cantuaria, Christos Govetas, Greg Leisz and Jenny Scheinman.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "This is a remarkable album; its sets a new watermark for Frisell's sense of adventure and taste, and displays his perception of beauty in a pronounced, uncompromising, yet wholly accessible way. ".

</doc>
<doc id="19256776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256776" title="Mary Dunn (author)">
Mary Dunn (author)

Mary Dunn (1900–1958) was an English author and satirist best known for the Lady Addle books.

</doc>
<doc id="19256858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256858" title="Mazzoni (surname)">
Mazzoni (surname)

Mazzoni is an Italian surname. The earliest members of the Mazzoni listed here hailed from either Emilia-Romagna or its western neighbor Tuscany in the 15th century. Other (and less notable) members have been consistently recorded in the Serchio River Valley of Tuscany — especially in the vicinity of Barga — since the 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19256911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256911" title="Archichthys">
Archichthys

Archichthys is a genus of rhizodont lobe-finned fish that lived during the Carboniferous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19256931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256931" title="Consort Shen">
Consort Shen

Consort Shen (personal name unknown) (disappeared 759), formally Empress Ruizhen (睿真皇后, literary meaning "the wise and true empress"), was a Tang Dynasty woman who served as a consort of Emperor Daizong of Tang (Li Chu) while he was the Prince of Guangping under his grandfather Emperor Xuanzong and father Emperor Suzong and the mother of the future Emperor Dezong (Li Kuo). She was captured by the rebel Yan forces during Anshi Rebellion, and although Li Chu regained her at one point during the war, was lost again later during the war. Despite efforts by Emperors Daizong and Dezong to locate her after the war, they were never able to find her. She was finally declared deceased by her great-grandson Emperor Xianzong in 805.
Before the Anshi Rebellion.
It is not known when the future Consort Shen was born, but it is known that her family was from Wuxing (吳興, in modern Huzhou, Zhejiang) and that her clan was a prominent clan in the area. Her father Shen Yizhi (沈易直) had, at one point, served in the imperial government as "Mishu Jian" (秘書監), the director of the archival bureau (秘書省). Toward of the end of Emperor Xuanzong's "Kaiyuan" era (713-741), she, as the daughter of a reputable household, was selected for the palace of Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng, but was from there further given to Li Heng's oldest son, Li Chu the Prince of Guangping. She was not designated Li Chu's wife—and neither was any other consort of his, including the most prominent one, a Consort Cui whose mother was the Lady of Han, a highly honored woman at court due to her status as the sister of Emperor Xuanzong's favorite concubine Consort Yang Yuhuan. She gave birth to Li Chu's oldest son, Li Kuo, in 742.
During the Anshi Rebellion and disappearance.
In 755, the general An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang and soon attacked south and established a new state of Yan, with him as emperor and its capital at Luoyang (Tang's eastern capital). By summer 756, Yan forces were approaching the Tang capital Chang'an, forcing Emperor Xuanzong to flee to Chengdu. Li Heng did not follow Emperor Xuanzong to Chengdu; rather, he fled to Lingwu, where he was declared emperor (as Emperor Suzong). Li Chu followed his father to Lingwu as well. Consort Shen was left at Chang'an, and she was taken by Yan forces to Luoyang and detained in the palace there. In 757, after An Lushan's son An Qingxu had assassinated An Lushan and succeeded him as emperor, a joint Tang and Huige force, commanded by Li Chu, recaptured Chang'an and then Luoyang. Li Chu reunited with Consort Shen in Luoyang, but as at that time he was busy with planning a campaign against An Qingxu's remaining forces, he did not get the chance to have Consort Shen escorted back to Chang'an. In 758, Shi Siming, a former major general under An Lushan and An Qingxu who had briefly submitted to Tang, rebelled against Tang authority and advanced south. By 759, he had claimed Yan imperial title and recaptured Luoyang. That was the last that Li Chu saw Consort Shen, as she was nowhere to be found when Tang and Huige forces again recaptured Luoyang in 762 against Shi Siming's son and successor Shi Chaoyi (by which point Li Chu, whose name had been changed to Li Yu, was emperor (as Emperor Daizong)).
Post-Anshi Rebellion efforts to locate her.
Emperor Daizong created Li Kuo crown prince, and he repeatedly sent imperial messengers throughout the realm to try to locate Consort Shen, but was unable to do so. In 765, a Buddhist nun named Guangcheng (廣澄) claimed that she was Consort Shen—but after interrogation, it was shown that she merely served as Li Kuo's wet nurse. Emperor Daizong had her whipped to death.
Emperor Daizong died in 779, and Li Kuo became emperor (as Emperor Dezong). In 780, although Consort Shen had not been located, he honored her in absentia as empress dowager. His official Gao Can (高參) suggested sending out officials to look for her. Emperor Dezong put his son Li Shu (李述) the Prince of Mu in nominal charge of the project, with the minister Qiao Lin as Li Shu's deputy. He also commissioned four members of the Shen family to assist the eunuchs sent out to find her.
In 781, there was an incident where it was thought that Empress Dowager Shen was in fact located. The lady in waiting Li Zhenyi (李真一) had interviewed an adoptive daughter of the once-powerful eunuch Gao Lishi, who had previously served inside the palace and was familiar with the events inside the palace. Li Zhenyi thought she might have been Empress Dowager Shen, and reported this to Emperor Dezong. At that time, no elders of the Shen family remained to tell whether Lady Gao was in fact Empress Dowager Shen, and the eunuchs and ladies in waiting who met her all thought she was Empress Dowager Shen. She initially denied that she was Empress Dowager Shen, but the eunuchs forcibly escorted her to Shangyang Palace (上陽宮), a palace that Emperor Dezong had set aside for Empress Dowager Shen, and supplied her with goods intended for the empress dowager. Lady Gao was enticed and induced into claiming that she was in fact Empress Dowager Shen. Emperor Dezong was very pleased and prepared for a ceremony to formally welcome her. Lady Gao's adoptive brother Gao Chengyue (高承悅) found out and feared that, if she were discovered, disaster would descend on the Gao household, and therefore submitted a letter to Emperor Dezong detailing her history. Emperor Dezong thus sent an adoptive grandson of Gao Lishi's, Fan Jingchao (樊景超), to meet her. When Fan saw her, he cried out, "Aunt, why are you putting yourself on the cutting board?" Her attendants, surprised at this disrespect for the "empress dowager," ordered him to leave. Instead, Fan yelled, "The Emperor has issued an edict: the Empress Dowager is not real. Leave now!" After the attendants left, Lady Gao protested to Fan that she was forced to claim herself to be Empress Dowager Shen. However, Emperor Dezong, fearing that punishing her would cause others to be unwilling to continue searching for Empress Dowager Shen, did not punish her and escorted her back to her home in a wagon. He stated, "I would rather be defrauded 100 times, as long as I can find my mother." It was said that after the Lady Gao incident, there were four other incidents in which women pretended to be Empress Dowager Shen but were proven to be not real. The real Empress Dowager Shen was never found.
In his mother's absence, Emperor Dezong honored her household greatly, including bestowing great honors posthumously on her father Shen Yizhi, grandfather Shen Jiefu (沈介福), uncle Shen Yiliang (沈易良), and brother Shen Zhen (沈震). It was said that more than 100 members of the Shen household were given titles. In 805, Emperor Dezong died and was succeeded by his severely ill son Emperor Shunzong, who in turn yielded the throne to his son Emperor Xianzong later in the year. At the suggestion of officials who pointed out that there was no further hope at that point of locating Empress Dowager Shen, Emperor Xianzong declared her deceased and had her formally enshrined in the temple of Emperor Dezong.

</doc>
<doc id="19256941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256941" title="Arch Corbett">
Arch Corbett

Archibald G. "Arch" Corbett (18 August 1883 – 25 June 1920) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League. He served as a medical officer during World War I and remained in England after the war to work in London hospitals. He died in 1920 after falling overboard while returning to Australia from France.
Source.
Holmesby, Russell & Main, Jim (2007). The Encyclopedia of AFL Footballers. 7th ed. Melbourne: Bas Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="19256961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256961" title="Ajmal Ameer">
Ajmal Ameer

Ajmal Ameer is an Indian film actor, who works in the Malayalam, Tamil, and Telugu film industries. He has also acted in one English movie. He has won two Filmfare Awards South.
Background.
Ajmal was born in Aluva, Kerala. He studied medicine in National Pirogov Memorial Medical University in Vinnytsia, Ukraine, and had plans to open a hospital in future. Ajmal has one brother Askar who is set to make his acting debut in the Malayalam film "Holy Shit".
Career.
Ajmal's debut film was "Pranayakalam", opposite Vimala Raman. This was followed by the Tamil film "Anjathe", directed by Myshkin, in which he played an angry young man. The film became a high critical as well as commercial success, with Ajmal receiving several awards for his performance. He next starred in the Malayalam film "Madambi" alongside Mohanlal. "Madambi" remains his only hit in Malayalam. He also acted in an international production "De Nova", which went unnoticed. The anti-hero character, Vasanthan Perumal, he portrayed in the 2011 Tamil movie " Ko "earned him a lot of appreciation. Based on an online poll conducted by The Times Of India, Ajmal won the Chennai Times Film Award for Best Actor in a Negative Role Male. In 2013 he played an independent cinematographer in the suspense thriller "Bangles".
He is currently shooting for the Telugu film "Prabhajanam" in which he plays the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. Apart from "Prabhajanam" he has two more Telugu films "Tanu Monne Vellipoyindi" and "Chaitanyam". In Tamil, his upcoming films are "Vetri Selvan" and "Ula" in which he plays a rockstar and in Malayalam he has finished V. K. Prakash's "Mazhaneerthullikal".

</doc>
<doc id="19256967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256967" title="Tricky software (game company)">
Tricky software (game company)

Tricky Software is a California based developer focused on creating software for the iOS, and PC computers. Tricky Software was founded in 2006 by Zachary Waibel.
Games.
The following is a list of games that have been developed by Tricky Software:

</doc>
<doc id="19256968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256968" title="Morobe Bay">
Morobe Bay

Morobe Bay is a bay within Huon Gulf, on the coast of Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.
History.
The American and Australian armed forces used Morobe Bay, also known as "Morobe Harbour", as a safe anchorage and staging point as part of the New Guinea campaign during World War II.
A PT boat advanced base was relocated from Tufi and set up within Marobe Bay by the US Navy, instead of Douglas Harbour near Cape Ward Hunt on 20 April 1943.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19256970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19256970" title="Phi Beta Kappa Award in Science">
Phi Beta Kappa Award in Science

The Phi Beta Kappa Award in Science is given annually by the Phi Beta Kappa Society to authors of significant books in the fields of science and mathematics. The award was first given in 1959 to anthropologist Loren Eiseley.

</doc>
<doc id="19257015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257015" title="John Fulgham">
John Fulgham

John Thomas Fulgham (born June 9, 1956 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1979 to 1980 for the St. Louis Cardinals. His big league career was cut short because of a rotator cuff injury. He is the great-grandson in law of Effie Norton.
Before professional baseball.
Prior to professional baseball he attended Pattonville High School and then Yavapai Junior College and University of Miami.
Draft and early minor leagues.
Originally drafted by the New York Yankees 15th overall in the 1976 amateur draft, Fulgham did not sign. Drafted again 15th overall in the secondary phase of the 1976 amateur draft by the Cardinals, Fulgham did sign and began his professional career with the GCL Cardinals that same year. For them, he went 3–3 with a 3.38 ERA in 56 innings (12 games). For the St. Petersburg Cardinals in 1977, he went 18–6 with a 2.05 ERA in 26 games (202 innings). He pitched for the Arkansas Travelers in 1978, going 9–7 with a 4.03 ERA in 154 innings.
The big leagues.
He began the 1979 season with Springfield, going 6–3 with a 3.16 ERA in 77 innings with them. He made his big league debut on June 19 of that year, and he was arguably the Cardinals best pitcher from that point forward. In his debut, he pitched a complete game shutout, allowing eight hits, one walk, striking out six and getting the win. Overall, he went 10–6 with a 2.53 ERA, with all 10 of his wins being complete games (he ranked seventh in the league in complete games, and 10th in the league in sacrifice hits). He allowed only 123 hits and 26 walks in 146 innings of work, and his ten wins tied him with David Palmer for second most number of wins by a rookie that season, trailing Rick Sutcliffe's 17. Despite pitching well, he did not receive a single vote for Rookie of the Year.
Because of an injured rotator cuff, Fulgham appeared in only 15 games in 1980, going 4–6 with a 3.38 ERA. All four of his wins were complete games. He would never appear in the majors after 1980, playing his final game on August 27. He made one appearance for Arkansas that season, giving up one hit and one walk in five innings. He earned a no-decision.
Major league totals.
In total, Fulgham went 14–12 with a 2.84 ERA in 35 big league games (33 starts). All 14 of his wins were complete games. In 231 innings, he allowed 189 hits, 17 home runs, 58 walks and he struck out 158 batters.
Back in the minor leagues.
Despite not pitching in the majors again, he did bounce around in the minors until 1983. Although he didn't pitch in 1981, he spent 1982 with St. Petersburg and the Louisville Redbirds. He went 4–2 with a 2.45 ERA for St. Petersburg, however with the Redbirds he went 4–3 with a 7.01 ERA. Overall, he went 8–5 with a 4.81 ERA. In 1983, he made five appearances for the Redbirds, going 1–2 with a 6.27 ERA.
Post-playing days.
Following his retirement, he was the head coach for Rollins College in Florida from 1992 to 1994, going 63–52 with one playoff game [http://books.google.com/books?id=j1EkCEZ-sWIC&pg=PA58&dq=%22John+Fulgham%22+baseball&sig=ACfU3U0Ow6_XQw8sCjkBVrbbtzNie_2yvQ#PPA58,M1]

</doc>
<doc id="19257023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257023" title="David OReilly (artist)">
David OReilly (artist)

David OReilly (1985, Kilkenny, Ireland) is an Irish film maker & writer based in Los Angeles, California, US. He is known for creating animated films using a distinctive 3d style.
Work.
Aside from a 1-minute film entitled "Ident" from which he draws his logo, the earliest work available on his website is "WOFL2106". This short draws equally on original designs and popular internet memes to create a disturbing landscape of serenity juxtaposed with chaos. This film sets the tone for his entire œuvre, though the direct inclusion of outside memes disappears in his later work.
He created several animation sequences and props for the 2007 film "Son of Rambow". As well as animation for the "guide" sequences in Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, with Shynola.
He created the first video for Irish rock band U2's single "I'll Go Crazy If I Don't Go Crazy Tonight." The video was released on U2.com on July 21, 2009.
His short film, "Please Say Something", was awarded the Golden Bear at the 2009 Berlin International Film Festival, Best Narrative Short at the 2009 Ottawa International Animation Festival and several other awards.
His latest short film, "The External World", premiered at the 67th Venice Film Festival and the 2011 Sundance Film Festival, and has since won over forty awards on its festival circuit including the IFTA for Best Animation.
He wrote, directed, and animated the "Adventure Time" episode "A Glitch is a Glitch."
He worked on the movie "Her" as animation director on the sequences where the characters are playing video games.
Octocat Adventure.
On March 13, 2008, a YouTube user named "RANDYPETERS1", a 9-year-old boy from Chicago, submitted a handdrawn animated video about Octocat, a red cat head with eight long legs looking for his parents. The videos featured crude MS Paint animation and a loud, highpitched, childlike voice narrating. On September 7, the fifth, final episode was released, but featured an unexpected twist - about 20 seconds into it, the crude sketchy animation switched to intricately crafted 3D with an orchestral soundtrack; the whole Octocat story (and as such, the Randy Peters persona) was revealed to be by David O'Reilly. In an interview he said "I wanted to try experimenting with the Youtube audience and Microsoft Paint. The story for Octocat came to me by reading the bible word-for-word backwards".
Style.
O'Reilly's work has been characterized by the use of intentionally stripped down 3d animation. He was an early adopter of glitch effects and uses elements of the software used inside his work. " has been the man to lead animation through a conceptual blockage—3D animation was being dominated by commercial aesthetics...he deconstructed 3D to the point of absurdity."

</doc>
<doc id="19257049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257049" title="Robert Dawes">
Robert Dawes

Robert Dawes (fl. 1610 – 1614) was an English actor of the Jacobean era. He is unique in the extant records of English Renaissance theatre, in that his individual employment contract with one of his acting companies has survived.
Dawes was an early and perhaps an original member and "sharer" (a partner who shared in the profits, rather than a hired man who worked for a wage) with Prince Charles's Men, from at least 1610 on. He remained with that company only until 1614, however, when he left for the Lady Elizabeth's Men. Dawes was admitted as a sharer in the Lady Elizabeth's troupe; his personal 3-year contract with managers Philip Henslowe and Jacob Meade, dated April 7 of that year, spells out a schedule of graduated penalties for minor and major infractions of the rules:
Since no other comparable contract for an actor of the period exists, scholars cannot be certain that the Dawes document is representative. Yet there is nothing in Dawes's career that suggests he was particularly unusual, so that his contract was probably within the range of what was normal and typical for the actors of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="19257072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257072" title="Unspeakable (album)">
Unspeakable (album)

Unspeakable is a 2004 album by American jazz guitarist Bill Frisell, his 22nd album overall and his 17th to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label.
After several often languorous albums emphasizing country, folk and blues music, "Unspeakable" was something of a new direction for Frisell, emphasizing R&B/funk rhythms, extensive sampling from unusual vinyl records, and some of Frisell's most dissonant guitar work in years. The album features performances by a core band of Frisell, Hal Willner on sampler and turntables, bassist Tony Scherr, drummer Kenny Wollesen, and percussionist Don Alias; Scherr plays second guitar on one song, and on another the band is joined keyboardist Adam Dorn. Several songs feature a horn section (Steven Bernstein, Briggan Krauss, and Curtis Fowlkes) and/or a small string section (Jenny Scheinman, Eyvind Kang, and Hank Roberts). 
"Unspeakable" won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album in 2005.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Sean Westergaard awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "It's all quite accessible, but fans with delicate ears may be put off by some of the noisier moments on the album, like the keyboard sound on "Stringbean" or the guitar solo on "Old Sugar Bear." Other fans will be delighted to hear such a glorious din on a Bill Frisell record again. After so much of a similar thing, it's just great to hear Frisell being pushed in a new direction (and quite a fun one, at that). Recommended. ".

</doc>
<doc id="19257097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257097" title="Patna Planetarium">
Patna Planetarium

Indira Gandhi Planetarium is located in Patna's Indira Gandhi Science Complex. Planetarium was constructed through Bihar Council on Science & Technology at a total cost of about 11 Crores. It was conceptualised in 1989 by Bihar Chief Minister Shri Satyendra Narain Sinha who laid the foundation stone in October 1989 and was inaugurated by Shri Laloo Prasad, the then Chief Minister of Bihar, on March 21, 1993. The Planetarium was dedicated to the Nation and opened for the public from 1 April 1993. It is named after senior Indian National Congress leader and former Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi.
The Patna Planetarium is one of the largest planetariums in Asia. It attracts a large number of domestic as well as foreign tourists. The planetarium has regular film shows on subjects related to astronomy. It also holds exhibitions, which attracts lots of visitors. Patna Planetarium is located on Bailey Road near Income Tax Golambar in Patna within a distance of 8 km from Patna Airport, 1½ km from Patna Railway Station, 2 km from Government Bus stand, and 10 km from Private Bus stand.

</doc>
<doc id="19257100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257100" title="USS Peter C. Struven (SP-332)">
USS Peter C. Struven (SP-332)

USS "Peter C. Struven" (SP-332) was a patrol boat in the United States Navy, placed in service 9 August 1917. She was a steel-hulled steamboat and had been originally used as a fishing boat.
The "Peter C. Struven" was assigned to the 5th Naval District and patrolled the area of Hampton Roads and Elizabeth River during World War I. She was sold to Lewes Oil and Chemical on 1 July 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19257166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257166" title="Derwas Cumming">
Derwas Cumming

Derwas Goring Charles Cumming MC & Bar (24 September 1891 – 3 May 1918), also known as Dave Cumming, was an Australian rules footballer and soldier who was killed in the First World War. Born in Millicent, South Australia, he moved to Western Australia with his family, where he played for the Perth Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL). Cumming later moved to Melbourne to attended the University of Melbourne, where he played for the University Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL), before returning to Perth. He enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force in 1914, and served in the Gallipoli Campaign and on the Western Front. He was awarded the Military Cross in 1917, but died of wounds after the Second Battle of Villers-Bretonneux in 1918.
Early life and football career.
Goring was born in Millicent, South Australia, on 29 September 1891, the second of five children born to Charles Walter Cumming and Catherine Frances Henrietta Cumming (née Jones). Both sides of his family had originally emigrated from England. Cumming returned with his family to Perth, Western Australia, where his father was from, at an early age, where he attended the Christian Brothers' College on St Georges Terrace, serving as a prefect in 1909. According to "The West Australian", Cumming was "one of the best known and most popular of the boys attending the secondary schools of Western Australia". At school, Cumming excelled at cricket and football, captaining the college's cricket team in 1909. The following year, he was named Champion Athlete of the Secondary Schools at the combined athletics carnival of the Public Schools Association, after winning the 100-yard race, 220-yard race, the 440-yard race, the 120-yard hurdles, the high jump, and the long jump.
After a number of matches for school which caught the attention of recruiters, Cumming made his senior debut for the Perth Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) against on 22 June 1907. He was aged 15 years and 273 days on his debut, becoming one of the youngest footballers to play in the WAFL. Cumming did not play in Perth's grand final over in September 1907, in which they recorded their first premiership, but did play in the losing grand finals in 1908 and 1909. After his graduation from Christian Brothers' College in 1910, he left Western Australia to attend Trinity College at the University of Melbourne. While at the university, Cumming played a number for the University Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL), during which time he was generally referred to by his nickname, "Dave". He played a total of 21 games for the club, kicking 34 goals, before returning to Perth after the completion of his degree.
Military career and death.
Having previously worked on his mother's farm, "Yalkin", at Doodlakine, Cumming enlisted in the Australian Army in September 1914. He left Australia on the transport ship "Medic" in November 1914 as a private in the 1st Divisional Ammunition Column, but transferred to the 16th Battalion in October, 1915, where he served in the Gallipoli Campaign. Cumming transferred to the 48th Battalion in March, 1916, as a second lieutenant, and was sent to serve on the Western Front with his unit. He was wounded in action at the Battle of Pozières, which necessitated a period of recovery in England, but was promoted to the rank of lieutenant before his return to France. Cumming was again promoted, to captain, in April, 1917, and in June of the same year was awarded the Military Cross for "conspicuous gallantry and ability in handling two companies of his Battalion participating in the attack", which occurred during "operations for capture of objective east of Messines on June 7th to 9th 1917." It was also noted: "officer's quick appreciation of the situation and prompt and effective action was greatly responsible for the consolidation and final success." He was also recommended for the Distinguished Service Order, but did not receive the award, possibly due to his rank. In April, 1918, Cumming received a Bar to the Military Cross, for "conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty in command of a flank company. When the enemy attacked he repeatedly repulsed them, and later protected the left, bringing very heavy fire onto the enemy particularly at right angles to the line, and fighting a brilliant rear guard action until the battalion was established in fresh positions."
Cumming died of wounds after the Second Battle of Villers-Bretonneux, on 3 May 1918. His uncle, Brigadier General Michael Derwas Goring Jones, CMG, DSO, was killed in a poison gas attack during the same month, and his brother, Redmond Harry Owen Cumming, had been taken as a prisoner of war in April 1917, and later poisoned himself, several years after the conclusion of the war. It was originally believed Cumming was buried at the Australian-British Cemetery, but in 1923 it was discovered the site supposed to be his grave was marked with a military cross, rather than a grave marker. However, Cumming's name is included on the Villers–Bretonneux Australian National Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="19257182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257182" title="Vanna Bonta">
Vanna Bonta

Vanna Bonta ( ; born April 3, 1958) is an American novelist, poet and film actress best known as the author of "" (Meridian House, 1995). The novel introduced quantum fiction as a literary genre that emerged in the 21st century. 
Bonta is also known for collections of award-winning poetry, and for her role as Zed's queen, the hero's young mother, in the classic fantasy movie "The Beastmaster". 
She is also the inventor of the 2suit.
She was a model of Woman for the Frederick Hart work "Ex Nihilo" (Out of Nothing), the tympana on the west front entrance of the Washington National Cathedral in Washington D.C.
Bonta appeared in The Universe Season 3 Episode 4 "Sex in Space" and talked about how her 2suit could be used to achieve intimacy in microgravity toward the colonization of other planets. The History Channel documentary filmed her testing the 2suit in weightlessness, which marked Bonta's second zero gravity flight. She is an advocate of human innovation and space exploration. At NASA Ames in 2008, Bonta presented what she called futuristic "smart clothing" for fashion with functional innovations that included portable atmosphere and hydration in balloon couture, self-illuminating purse interiors. blue tooth earrings, thermal fabric, spray-on biodegradable "second skins" that protect and glitter, a travel shoe that converts from flats to heels, and velvet fabric with fibers that function as sensors.
Among Bonta's inventions is a pressure-release device for high-combustion rocket engines called a Rocket Engine Overpressurization Release Protection System (REORPS), a solution she innovated as a team member of BonNova, one of the competitors in the NASA-sponsored 2009 Lunar Lander Challenge
She is the daughter of a Florentine-American fine-art painter and American military officer, and the granddaughter of Luigi Ugolini. 
Bonta wrote an undeveloped story, "Somewhen", for the first season of "". She is credited with numerous roles as a voice actor in feature films, such as "Beauty and the Beast" (Disney). She was the computer voice in the movie "Demolition Man".
In 2013, a haiku by Vanna Bonta was among top three selections to be launched to the planet Mars on a NASA spaceship for the MAVEN mission.

</doc>
<doc id="19257191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257191" title="Northern School of Contemporary Dance">
Northern School of Contemporary Dance

The Northern School of Contemporary Dance (NSCD) is a higher education institution in Chapeltown, Leeds, England specialising in contemporary dance. It is an affiliate of the Conservatoire for Dance and Drama, and students can obtain a Bachelor of Performing Arts (B.P.A.) degree, validated by the University of Kent. Foundation courses and postgraduate degrees are also offered, and a programme of adult, youth and children's classes is available for the local community.
History and buildings.
The school was founded in 1985, building on the strength of dance education in Leeds schools in the 1970s and 1980s. In 1987 it moved into its current premises, a red-brick former synagogue on Chapeltown Road built 1929-1932. The building is grade II listed as are the boundary walls, which probably date to about 1835. The school's accommodation was expanded by 1997 to include the adjacent Brandsby Lodge and four new dance studios were created. 

</doc>
<doc id="19257208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257208" title="Pudukkottai state">
Pudukkottai state

Pudukkottai () was a princely state in the Madras Presidency which existed from 1680 to 1948. From 1800 to 1923, it was one of the five princely states that were under political control of the Government of Madras.
The kingdom of Pudukkottai was founded in about 1680 as a feudatory of Ramnad and grew with subsequent additions from Tanjore, Sivaganga and Ramnad, itself. One of the staunch allies of the British East India Company in the Carnatic, Anglo-Mysore and Polygar wars, the kingdom was brought under the Company's protection in 1800 as per the system of Subsidiary Alliance. The state was placed under the control of the Madras Presidency from 1800 till 1 October 1923, when it was brought under the direct control of the Government of India.
The princely state covered a total area of and had a population of 438,648 in 1941. It extended over the whole of the present-day Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu, India (with the exception of Aranthangi taluk). The town of Pudukkottai was its capital.
Location.
The state of Pudukkottai comprised most of the modern district of Pudukkottai in Tamil Nadu and extended from 10 degrees 7' to 10 degrees 44'N latitudes and 78 degrees 25' and 79 degrees 12' E longitudes. It is bounded on the north and west by Tiruchirapalli district, on the south by Madurai district and on the east by Thanjavur district. The kingdom did not have fixed boundaries and was called "Tondaiman country" or "Tondaiman's woods" until the end of 18th century. The kingdom started to have fixed boundaries since early 19th century. It extended for from east to west and 41 miles from north to south and encompassed an area of 1,178 square miles. The easternmost point of Pudukkottai state was located from the sea.
History.
Pudukottai means "New Fort" and seems to refer to a fort built in early 18th century in what became the capital city of the kingdom. During the Sangam times, Pudukkottai had been ruled by the Chola kings. Later, it was under the occupation of an obscure people called the Kalabhras. From the 6th to the 14th century AD, Pudukkottai was successively ruled by the Mutharaiyars, Cholas and the Pandyas. When the Pandya kingdom was conquered by Malik Kafur, Pudukkottai came under the rule of Muslim sultans who held power for about 50 years before being vanquished by the Vijayanagar kings. When the Vijayanagar kingdom disintegrated, Pudukkottai came under the rule of the Nayaks of Madurai from whom Raghunatha Kilavan, the sethupathi of Ramnad wrested the country in 1680 and appointed Raghunatha Tondaiman as the viceroy.
Raghunatha Raya Tondaiman was the first ruler of Pudukottai. The land surrounding Pudukottai was given to him as an honour for his services to Sri Ranga Raya, King of Vijaynagar on his trip to Rameswaram.
The Pudukkottai kings were staunch allies of the British East India Company and provided crucial logistic and military support during the Carnatic Wars, the Anglo-Mysore Wars and the Polygars Wars. As a result, while the Ramnad and Sivaganga kingdoms were annexed to British India, Pudukkottai was allowed to remain independent. In 1800, Pudukkottai was inducted as a princely state under the paramountcy of the British Raj and a resident was appointed to represent the Madras government.
Pudukkottai saw rapid growth under the prime-iministerships of A. Seshayya Sastri and Alexander Tottenham. The Pudukulam Lake was constructed and the capital, Pudukkottai was completely rebuilt. The Pudukkottai palace, which currently served as the residence of the Tondaiman kings, was constructed in the 1820s and a representative assembly was set up in 1902. In 1948, the state of Pudukkottai was annexed to the Dominion of India and became a part of Madras state in 1950.
Geography.
Most of the state was covered by plains. The western and the southern parts were interspersed with hills and fast-flowing rivers. The Piranmalai Hills formed the south-western frontier.
Population.
As of 1931, the princely state of Pudukkottai had a total population of 400,694 with a population density of 340 people per square mile. Ponnamaravathi firka was the most densely populated with 498 people per square mile while Nirpalani was the most sparsely populated with 213 people per square mile. There were 435 towns and villages - 426 of them with a population less than 5,000 and nine - Pudukkottai, Ponnamaravathi, Varpet, Ramachandrapuram, Arimalam, Thirumayam, Alangudi, Kiranur and Pillamangalam-Alagapuri with population greater than 5,000. The male literacy rate was 21.62 percent and the female literacy rate, 1.87 percent. Between 1925 and 1929, the population of the state dropped by over 65 percent as more than 53,000 people left Pudukkottai for neighbouring districts due to widespread plague and famine.
Religion.
The kingdom was predominantly Hindu. However, there were significant Muslim and Christian populations.
According to the 1901 census, there were 353,723 Hindus who formed 95% of the state's population. Muslims who numbered 12,268 formed 3.2% of the population while the Christians numbering 14,449 formed 3.8% of the population.
Administration.
The Raja of Pudukkottai was the paramount head of the state and no bill became law without his assent. He was assisted by a Prime Minister designated as Sirkel till 1 July 1885 and Diwan from 1 July 1885 till 17 November 1931 and Administrator from 17 November 1931 till 1948. The Diwan was assisted by a Councillor and the Diwan acting with the assistance of the Councillor was known as the Diwan-in-Council. 
A representative assembly of 30 nominated members was created in 1902. Elections were introduced in 1907 and from then on, 18 out of the 30 representatives were elected. The number of elected members was reduced to 13 in 1913 but was raised to 25 in 1916. The representative assembly was replaced by the Pudukkottai Legislative Council in 1924 and its first session was inaugurated by C. W. E. Cotton, the Governor's agent for the Madras states on 29 September 1924. At the time of the dissolution of the state in 1948, the assembly had a total of 50 members of whom 35 were elected and the rest, nominated by the government. However, as per the Pudukkottai Legislative Council Resolution of 1924, the creation of the council did not affect the right of the Raja to enact laws and issue proclamations on his own; nor did it allow its members to debate on the activities of the royal householld. 
The Government of Madras was represented by a political agent. From 1800, when the first Political agent was appointed, till 1840, the Political Agent was usually the District Collector of Tanjore, from 1840 to 1865, the Agent was the Collector of Madurai and from 1865 to 1947 the agent was the Collector of Trichinopoly. All the decisions made by the Diwan are passed to the Madras Government for approval before they become the law.
Police.
The Superintendent of police in Trichinopoly District is "ex officio" Superintendent of the force within the State. In 1909, the police force of Pudukkottai state consisted of one chief inspector, 5 inspectors, 28 head constables, and 229 constables. There were 23 police stations.
Military.
As of 1901, the army of Pudukkottai known as the Raja's Bodyguard included 22 officers, 90 privates and 16 troopers. The forces were headed by a commandant.
Sub-Divisions.
For administrative purposes, the state was divided into three taluks: Kolattur, Alangudi and Thirumayam, each under the authority of a "Tahsildar" who was responsible for land revenue.
Judiciary.
The judiciary of the state in under the control of the Dewan. There was one Chief Court in Pudukkottain town and ten Small Cause Courts in rural areas of Pudukkottai. Europeans were not subject to the jurisdiction of the courts. Offenses involving Europeans were handled by the Political Agent.
Revenue.
In 1903–04, the revenue of the State amounted to Rs. 11,28,00 while the total expenditure was Rs.10,21,000.
Currency.
The currency of the state was the British Indian rupee, but apart from British Indian coins, coins called "Amman kasu" which were locally minted were also used. The coin bears on one side the motif "Vijaya", the Telugu word for "victory", while on the other side of the coin is representation of goddess Brihadamba.
Agriculture, Industry and Manufacture.
The chief products of Pudukkottai were silk, cotton, rush mats, bangles, bell-metal vessels and perfumes.
Trade.
The chief exports of Pudkkottai were perfumes, groundnuts, "Nux vomica" seeds, "avaram" blocks used for tanning leather and "acacia" bark used in distilleries. The chief imports are salt, rice, European piece-goods, and
tobacco.

</doc>
<doc id="19257209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257209" title="J. C. Massee">
J. C. Massee

Jasper Cortenus Massee (1871–1965) was a leading fundamentalist Baptist in the early 20th century. As a leader of the more moderate fundamentalist Baptists in the Northern Baptist Convention (NBC), his efforts towards reconciliation contributed to compromises that ensured its continued existence as a cohesive Christian denomination.
Massee was born in Marshallville, Georgia. He was the youngest child of Drewry Washington Massee (a physician) and Susan Elizabeth Bryan Massee, and grew up a Southern Baptist in Marshallville. He attended Mercer University, then spent a year teaching before marrying and being ordained in 1893. In 1896, after the death of his first wife, he remarried and entered the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, where he stayed for a year before returning to preaching.
Massee presided over a conference of conservative forces in the NBC (entitled "Fundamentals of Our Baptist Faith") in Buffalo, New York prior to the 1920 convention, and was elected president of the Fundamentalist Federation that it formed. This federation forced an investigation of liberal Christianity in the Baptist schools, but the process led to Massee becoming alienated from its more aggressive members. In 1923, radical fundamentalists formed the Baptist Bible Union, with Massee continuing to head the more moderate federation. This led to him being attacked by the radicals for cooperating with the liberals, while the liberals had little use for his theology. In 1925, he resigned leadership of the Fundamentalist Federation, due to his wife's invalidism and the continued infighting, and instead worked towards seeking reconciliation.
He was one of 68 Baptist leaders who met in Chicago on 13 March 1926 with the aim of forging a compromise between fundamentalists and liberal modernists in their common interest of supporting the NBC as a denomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19257255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257255" title="Southport State High School">
Southport State High School

Southport State High School is a high school situated in Southport on the Gold Coast, Queensland in Australia. 
It was the first public high school on the Gold Coast to be opened, originally established in 1916 and moved to its current position in 1954. It is known for raising exceptional students, including past students such as Clive Palmer (Australia's 5th richest man and Queensland's wealthiest), Vice Admiral Russ Crane (Chief of the Royal Australian Navy) and many others. "Australian Idol" finalist Ricki-Lee Coulter was also a student there. Radio Announcer and ACRA Nominee (Australian Commercial Radio Awards) Paul 'Browny' Brown also attended Southport High.
Facilities.
Southport State High School offers students a range of facilities, such as a performing arts theatre, a pool, an agricultural plot, an IT district (including film and television equipment), a fully equipped commercial kitchen and a function centre known as the Enterprise Centre. The Enterprise Centre was established between late 2008 and early 2009. A modern science lecture theatre was opened in 2012.
The school also hosts an operating farm. 

</doc>
<doc id="19257270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257270" title="Jack Doubleday">
Jack Doubleday

Jack Lindsay Doubleday (28 May 1890 – 30 October 1918) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. A dentist, Doubleday enrolled in the Australian Army Medical Corps, but he died of influenza on his way to the Western Front in 1918, and was buried at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19257283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257283" title="List of Great Western Railway heritage sites">
List of Great Western Railway heritage sites

Great Western Railway heritage sites are those places where stations, bridges and other infrastructure built by the Great Western Railway and its constituent railways can still be found. These may be heritage railways, museums, operational railway stations, or isolated listed structures.
Operational GWR style heritage railways.
These heritage railways operate on old GWR branch lines. Many other heritage railways and museums also have GWR locomotives or rolling stock in use or on display.
Museums.
These museums have a GWR theme or are located in old GWR buildings.
Listed structures.
In addition to the places listed below, there are a great many smaller bridges and other structures that have been given listed status. The listing may only cover certain buildings and structures at each location.
World Heritage Site.
UNESCO is considering a proposal to list the Great Western Main Line as a World Heritage Site. The proposal comprises seven individual sites. These are Bristol Temple Meads railway station (including Brunel's Company Offices, Boardroom, train shed, and the Bristol and Exeter Railway Offices along with the route over the River Avon); Bath Spa railway station along with the line from Twerton Tunnel to the Sydney Gardens, Middlehill and Box Tunnels; the Swindon area including Swindon railway works and village; Maidenhead Railway Bridge; Wharncliffe Viaduct; and London Paddington station.

</doc>
<doc id="19257284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257284" title="C. Bentley (MCC cricketer)">
C. Bentley (MCC cricketer)

C. Bentley (first name and dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) who had amateur status and was active from 1809 to 1832. Bentley was a very occasional player who made just 3 known appearances, totalling 16 runs with a highest score of 5 and holding one catch.

</doc>
<doc id="19257292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257292" title="Alexander Evreinov">
Alexander Evreinov

Alexander Evreinov (born March 8, 1877, Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation - died August 20, 1959, Rome, Italy ) was a Russian bishop, converted to Catholicism from Russian Orthodoxy. Being a citizen with a noble origin in Saint Petersburg, Evreinov was a member of the Foreign Affairs department of the Russian nation before his conversion to the Catholic faith and ordination to the priesthood. His consecration as a Catholic bishop of the Byzantine tradition was only formal, because Evreinov did not have any jurisdiction among Russian Catholics neither inside Russia nor abroad. Evreinov was a member of the Russian Apostolate.
Biography.
He was born into a noble family in Saint Petersburg. His father, Nicholas Evreinov was a social and political activist, and was also a landowner. Alexander Evreinov served in the diplomatic department, and was secretary of the Russian embassy in Constantinople from 1900 to 1906, and then in Rome from 1906 to 1909.
Conversion to Catholicism.
In 1905, he moved to Catholicism in Constantinople. In 1909, he retired and went to study at the seminary in 1913 in the Greek Collegium of Saint Athanasius in Rome. Evreinov ordained a priest in 1916, and in 1921 he began to work in the Apostolic Nunciature in Paris.
Pastor in Paris and the Russian emigration.
In 1925, Father Alexander Evreinov served firstly in Paris the Catholic liturgy according to the Russian liturgical tradition, in the crypt of the Church of Mary Magdalene, which marked the beginning of a Russian Catholic parish dedicated to the Holy Trinity. In this community, consisting of representatives of the Russian emigration were also associated priests Vladimir Abrikosov and Dmitriy Kuz'min-Karavaev. Among the congregation were famous people: the writer Nadezhda Lappo-Danilevsky, Baron Mikhail Taube, director D. Aristov, Colonel Michael A. Yudin-Belsky, Zoya Kamlyuhina and others. 
In 1927, the parish acquired its own premises. Consecrator of the church was Bishop Peter Buchis, MIC. In 1928 Evreinov was elevated to the rank of Archimandrite. In 1930 Evreinov founded and begins to edit the journal "Blagovest". In 1932, at the initiative of the parish there Evreinov founded the Brotherhood of Saint Nicholas the Wonderworker, in Paris, which every third Sunday of the month suit reading the reports, and to do special prayers and Fellowship of Prayer for the Church communion, which continued the tradition of Moscow's joint Orthodox-Catholic spiritual meetings on the subject of church unity, pledged thanks to the initiative of the Patriarch of All Russia Tikhon Belavin and Exarch of Russian Catholics of Byzantine Rite Archpriest Leonid Fyodorov. The participants of these ecumenical meetings in Paris commissioned a special icon of Saint Sergius and Saint Teresa of the Child Jesus, chosen patrons of these conversations. On March 17, 1933 in a Saint-Sulpice church in Paris, Archimandrite Evreinov concelebrated with a priest professor at the Catholic Institute of Paris George Tsebrikovym, assisted in the service of the liturgy by Bishop Nicholas Czarnecki.
In 1934, the parish church in Paris was equipped with a new building at 39 Francoise Gerard Street, where it is to this day. After Evreinov, the rector of the church was a Frenchman, Dominican Christopher Dumont.
Bishop.
On December 6, 1936, Evreinov became a bishop with the title Pariiskii and he would continue to work in responsible positions in the Vatican. On the occasion of celebrations in 1938 of the 950th anniversary of the Baptism of Russia for the first time in Saint Peter's Basilica on May 21 Evreinov serve the liturgy together with the clergy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, Father Josyf Slipyj, rector of the Theological Academy in Lviv and abbot Studite Clement Sheptytsky, the future Second Russian Exarch of the Catholics of the Byzantine rite. There were other Catholic priests present, as Cyril King and Victor Novikov, the future Russian Deputy Exarch, then Catholic Exarch of Siberia and the secret bishop. Evreinov ordained many in the Russian apostolate, such as: Andrei Katkov, Cyril Kozina, Henri Petitjean, Andrew Sterpin, Fedor Romzha and others.
During World War II, Evreinov headed the Pontifical Committee for Aid to Prisoners of War, then from 1947 to 1959, he led the department of the foreign press at the State Secretariat of the Vatican. In Rome, Evreinov also continued his contacts with the Russian emigration, as the first and second wave, which helped the writer Boris Nikolaevich Shiryaev, poet Vyacheslav Ivanov, Leonid Brailovsky and his wife Rimma.
On June 5, 1952 the archbishop consecrated a new altar, donated by Slovak Catholics of the America and Canada, in the Roman Basilica of Saint Clement. Archbishop Evreinov lived in Rome at the Pontifical Russian Collegium " Russicum ". Evreinov died on August 20, 1959 in Rome and was buried in the Greek Catholic monastery in Grottaferrata.

</doc>
<doc id="19257293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257293" title="Lee Sang-Ki">
Lee Sang-Ki

Lee Sang-Ki (Hangul: 이상기, Hanja: 李相箕) (born 5 June 1966) is a South Korean épée fencer.
Lee is a four-time Olympian (1988, 1992, 1996, 2000) and bronze medalist at the 1994 World Fencing Championships in Athens, Greece. At the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, he won the bronze medal in the individual épée, defeating 2004 Olympic champion Marcel Fischer of Switzerland in the bronze medal match. 

</doc>
<doc id="19257321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257321" title="Grihalakshmi Ka Jinn">
Grihalakshmi Ka Jinn

Grihalakshmi Ka Jinn was a Hindi television drama series that aired on Zee TV channel in 1994. It showed a story of an Indian housewife's confrontation with real life problems. This character was portrayed by Rita Bhaduri. She constantly wished that she had a magic wand to solve her problems in a matter of minutes. One day she finds that God has sent her a genie (played by Raj Zutshi) in response to her prayers. Now, with the help of her genie, she is able to face and solve all the problems in her life. The genie has batteries for food and a small pony tail.

</doc>
<doc id="19257335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257335" title="Alex Robertson (Australian rules footballer)">
Alex Robertson (Australian rules footballer)

Alex Robertson was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League. After graduating from the University of Melbourne, he abandoned his football career, moving to Western Australia. He enlisted in the army, and was killed in action in Gallipoli.

</doc>
<doc id="19257338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257338" title="FEDARENE">
FEDARENE

FEDARENE (European Federation of Agencies and Regions for Energy and Environment) is the premier European network of regional and local organisations which implement, co-ordinate and facilitate energy and environment policies. Regional and local agencies, ministries and departments working in these fields, are represented in FEDARENE.
FEDARENE, a non-profit association set up in 1990 at the initiative of 6 European regions, now has 60 member regions from 15 European Union countries.
Background.
FEDARENE was founded in 1990 at the initiative of European regions who wanted to strengthen the local and regional dimension in energy and environmental policies of the European Union.
Thus, FEDARENE :
"Whereas by effective management, investment, and increasing awareness it is possible to create a system which is more energy efficient and less polluting;"
"Whereas only an approach based on close proximity with consumers, and on both quantitative and qualitative understanding of their needs, can lead to efficient energy management;"
"Whereas the Region covers a sufficiently large economic area and is of a sufficiently high administrative level to deal with the issues of planning, economic development and the environment;"
"Whereas the Regions of Europe share the same problems in protecting the environment and in managing energy but their diverse means, geographic situations and cultures have given rise to a multiplicity of solutions;"
"Whereas the exchange of experience between regions reinforces European economic, social and environmental cohesion;"
"The European Federation of Regional Energy and Environment Agencies was created on 6th June 1990. The members wish to give this federation the status of an international association within the scope of Heading III of the law of 27 June 1921;"
Activities.
The missions of the European Federation of Agencies and Regions for Energy and Environment are to facilitate the development of interregional exchanges, partner-ships and cooperation; to help the European regions to develop their capacity to take actions and to represent and promote the regional and local dimension in EU energy and environment debates.
In practice, Fedarene :
FEDARENE is also involved in a great number of European projects in various fields : biogas (Biogas-Regions), biomethane (Biomethane-Regions), energy efficient buildings (Smart-e Buildings), regional greenhouse gas observatories (Climact-Regions), sustainable rural development (SERVE) and so on.
FEDARENE is also member of the Covenant of Mayors Office.
Internal structure.
The Board of Administration is composed of 16 members of which a President, a General Secretary, 12 Vice-Presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board's members are representatives of the following Regions/Provinces: Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Region (FR), Berlin (DE), Rhône-Alpes (FR), Oberösterreich Energiesparverband (AT), Regional Council Nord-Pas de Calais (FR), Abruzzo (IT), Île-de-France (FR), Ploiesti Prahova (RO), Comunidad Valenciana (ES), Central Finland (FI), Severn Wye Energy Agency(UK), Liguria (IT), Province of Milan (IT), Southeast Sweden (SE), Wallonia (BE).

</doc>
<doc id="19257342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257342" title="Soga Sambo">
Soga Sambo

Soga Sambo (born October 5, 1985 in Kaduna) is a Nigerian football striker who currently plays for Kwara United F.C..
Career.
Sambo began his career by Pepsi Football Academy played for 1 year by the team before turning to Nigeria he signs a contract by Shooting Stars F.C.. He played for 2 years by the team from Ibadan and moved in January 2006 for one year to Mamelodi Sundowns F.C. in the Premier Soccer League, the club from Pretoria elongated his contract not and he released the club and moved back to Nigeria, he signs a contract by Kwara United F.C..
International.
He was member of the Nigeria U-20 at 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in Netherlands and won the Silver medal (Vice-Worldcup Winner). He won with Nigeria U-17 at 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Trinidad and Tobago the Silver medal (Vice-Worldcup Winner).

</doc>
<doc id="19257382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257382" title="Liffey Service Tunnel">
Liffey Service Tunnel

The Liffey Service Tunnel is a service tunnel for various pipelines in Dublin, Ireland, owned by Dublin City Council.
The tunnel was designed by Atkins and constructed by a Joint Venture of the German Contractor Ed. Züblin AG, Stuttgart and the Irish Contractor Cleary & Doyle Contracting Ltd., Wexford. Construction period was from September 2006 until October 2008.
Floor Access Covers by Surespan Ltd - 
The Liffey Service Tunnel contains many floor covers providing access to maintenance areas below. These were supplied by link Surespan Ltd in the UK and contain cobbled stone infill as well as various sized covers with chequerplate lids rated to FACTA Class A, pedestrian loading.
Tunnel design.
The tunnel is built in pipe-jacking using a Herrenknecht tunnel boring machine (TBM) and 2.5m long precast reinforced concrete pipes.
The tunnel leads from the southern edge of the East Link Bridge, underneath the River Liffey towards the North Quay Wall, approx. 150m west of The Point Theatre.
The drive and reception shafts are resp. 19 and 22m deep, leaving the tunnel passing approx. 8m below the shipping channel of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19257388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257388" title="Frances Wilson">
Frances Wilson

Frances Wilson is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19257393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257393" title="Mélanie Laurent">
Mélanie Laurent

Mélanie Laurent (born 21 February 1983) is a French actress, model, director, singer, and writer. She won the César Award for Most Promising Actress for her performance in "I'm Fine, Don't Worry" in 2006. She became known to international audiences for her role as Shoshanna Dreyfus in Quentin Tarantino's 2009 film "Inglourious Basterds", for which she won Best Actress from the Online Film Critics Society and the Austin Film Critics Association.
Early life.
Laurent was born in Paris, the daughter of Annick, a ballerina, and Pierre Laurent, a voiceover actor (who dubs the character Ned Flanders in the French version of "The Simpsons"). Mélanie is Jewish, and has both Ashkenazi and Tunisian Sephardic ancestry. Her grandfather survived deportation by the Nazis.
Her maternal grandparents were film poster editors.
She grew up in the 9th arrondissement of Paris, and was immersed in the arts from birth.
Laurent's acting career began when actor Gérard Depardieu, seeing her while she watched her best friend's father working on the set of "Asterix and Obelix", asked her if she wanted to be in movies. Laurent replied, "Why not?" and the next week his assistant called her. He strongly advised her not to take drama classes because, according to him, she already had the necessary skills. When Laurent was 16, Depardieu gave her a part in "The Bridge", a drama he starred in and co-directed with Fréderic Auburtin.
Career.
Laurent appeared in 20 films between 1999 and 2009. Playing a depressed 19 year-old who longed for her lost twin brother, she starred in Philippe Lioret's "I'm Fine, Don't Worry" (2006), for which she won a César Award for Most Promising Actress. In 2006, Laurent and Belgian actor Jérémie Renier were awarded France's Romy Schneider and Jean Gabin Prizes for "most promising actor and actress."
In 2008, Laurent directed and wrote "De moins en moins", which was nominated for Best Short Film at the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival. It is a 7-minute film about a patient who, in front of her psychiatrist, "remembers less and less". Laurent also directed "À ses pieds", an erotic short film aired on the French television channel Canal+ on 25–26 October 2008, as part of a series of such shorts, called "X Femmes", shot by female directors with the goal of producing erotica from a female point of view.
Laurent was scheduled to direct her first play, "Mi-cuit cœur pistache" (the name of a dessert she particularly likes) in January 2009 at the Théâtre Marigny in Paris. She had to abandon the project during the preparations and rehearsals when she was cast as Shoshanna Dreyfus in the Quentin Tarantino film "Inglourious Basterds", a French-language role for which she had to learn to speak English for a few scenes. Her then-partner Julien Boisselier, as well as Marie Denarnaud, Mélanie Doutey and Louise Monot were to act in the production while short movie clips were to be projected on stage, some of them shot at the nightclub Le Baron, which Laurent used to frequent during the writing period.
Laurent also had planned another feature film, "Putain de pluie!", whose script she co-wrote with Morgan Perez and which she intended to direct, produced by Alain Attal's Productions du Trésor. Originally set for filming in the spring of 2009, it was postponed because of her work on "Inglourious Basterds". Knowing that she could speak French and had already acted in French in one of the short films in "Paris, je t'aime" she offered the first role to Natalie Portman, who declined because of the language of the script. Laurent played the part of the violinist in Radu Mihăileanu's "Le Concert"—she called it "a smart movie and a popular movie, and I'm glad because French people wanted to watch a movie with classical music."
Laurent was the hostess of the opening and closing ceremonies of the 64th Cannes Film Festival. In 2011 she appeared opposite Ewan McGregor and Christopher Plummer in "Beginners", and in 2013 appeared in the caper film "Now You See Me".
Personal life.
Laurent was in a long-term relationship with fellow French actor Julien Boisselier. She describes recording artist Damien Rice and filmographer Quentin Tarantino as two "masters" in terms of their art. With Rice, she recorded her first album, living between Woodstock, New York and his home in Ireland. Spending time in his home in Ireland inspired her to maintain a compost heap and eat organic food.
As of 2013, Laurent is married. Her first child, a son Léo, was born in September 2013.
Laurent has visited a Climate Defenders Camp in the peatlands of the Indonesian Rainforest with Greenpeace activists. She is also one of the Climate Ambassadors for Kofi Annan's Global Humanitarian Forum "Tck Tck Tck" Campaign. Laurent has also joined the campaign against overfishing on the invitation of the Blue Marine Foundation, and was cast for the voice-over of documentary "". She was also one of the leading celebrities of the campaign Fish Fight France, which aimed (and succeeded) at citizens asking for a new European law lowering the level of fish discards in European seas.

</doc>
<doc id="19257401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257401" title="Jose Mascarel">
Jose Mascarel

Jose Mascarel (1816–1899) was a sea captain, 19th Century California landowner, investor, baker, vintner,and mayor of Los Angeles California.
Personal.
Birth and death.
Mascarel was born in Marseilles or Mentone, France, on April 18, 1816. He died of heart failure on October 6, 1899, at the age of 83 in his home at 615 Ducommun Street. A solemn high mass was scheduled for the Old Plaza Church, with interment following at the Catholic Cemetery. He was at his death the "[second-oldest foreigner in Los Angeles, if not in California," after Elijah Moulton.
Marriages.
Mascarel's first marriage was in 1844 to Constancia Goytino of Mexico in Los Angeles, California. She died in 1890. They had nine children, Charles, Jose Jr., Constance, Hortense, Marie Larquier, Josephine Twist, Margarita Drouet, Adele Kracke and Eugenie Hoover.
"In spite of the opposition of relatives," the "Los Angeles Times" noted, Mascarel married Maria Jesus Benite Feliz on June 4, 1896, in a "quiet but romantic wedding" to "the woman who for thirty long years has been, to all intents and purposes," his wife. The "Times" added:
There was an attempt made to prevent the issuance of a marriage license to Mr. Mascarel, but it proved futile, as the law does not require a license to render the marriage valid in a case like this. . . . The desire to have the union made legal was brought about by the failing health of Mrs. Mascarel, who, although twenty years younger than her aged husband, is still a woman far advanced in years."
Qualities.
In an 1899 talk before the Historical Society of Southern California, Los Angeles historian H.D. Barrows noted that Mascarel was "physically of stalwart proportions, being over six feet in height and weighing over 200 pounds." Another contemporary, Horace Bell, recalled in 1881 that Mascarel was a "giant . . . with a great grizzly grip."
Barrows told his audience that:
While Mr. Mascarel was naturally of a retiring disposition, including him to shun publicity, he was in many respects a remarkable man. He had clear-cut and eminently practical views, strong convictions and a sound judgment in business matters, which enabled him to accumulate a handsome fortune, though he gave away for charitable and other purposes, considerable sums during his lifetime. His charities, which in his later years amounted to several hundred dollars a month, were, as a rule, unknown to outsiders, i.e., to any one except himself and the beneficiaries. . . .
Barrows noted that Mascarel "spoke French and Spanish, but like so many natives of France who came to California, he was never quite able to master the English language."
When General Irwin McDowell was commander of the army on this coast, after the close of the civil war, he made Los Angeles a visit, and our people were anxious to have him receive due honors by the Mayor, which office was at the time filled by Mr. Mascarel; and they feared his unfamiliarity with the English language might cause embarrassment. But as it happened, General McDowell spoke French fluently, and so the official courtesies between him and the Mayor passed off felicitously. . . .
Legacy.
When Mascarel died, his estate was estimated to be worth a million dollars, but a later probate determined the sum to be "no more than $500,000 or $600,000. The difference may be accounted for that in his later years the old man got into the habit of deeding away his property to his loving friends until in was somewhat reduced," the "Los Angeles Times" reported. "A dozen or fifteen suits in this county and Santa Barbara county" were opened "to recover the property that deceased had deeded away so generously. when the will was challenged by three of his children his first wife—Constance M. Goytino, Hortense Mascarel and Sylvester Mascarel. . . . volley after volley of allegations of murky fraud and deceit were fired back and forth . . . until the situation had become very complicated."
The settlement gave one-fourth of the estate to Mrs. Goytino, one-fourth to Hortense Mascarel and the remaining half to six grandchildren (said to be the "offsprings of a deceased sister"), "after $5 has first been given to the widow, Mrs. Mascarel; $2400 to Hortense Mascarel and to Mrs. Goytino, and $100 to Sylvester Mascarel." The children waived all claims to any of the property that Mascarel deeded to anyone else while he was alive. Mascarel had "provided for his wife before he died, and assigned her certain mortgages aggregating about $24,000, besides valuable property." It was agreed that the children would refund to investor Max Goldschmidt the sum of $25,000 he had paid for the Hotel Mascarel property in Santa Barbara in return for his giving them the deed to the hotel.
Vocation.
When José Mascarel was eleven years old, he shipped out on a French merchant ship, and at age 21 he joined the French Navy for four years.
In about the year 1840, he sailed from Gibraltar for Valparaiso. In passing Cape Horn he had both feet frozen, from which he was ill when he arrived at Valparaiso. After recovering his health[,] Captain Mascarel engaged in coasting trade off the western coast of South America, he and another party having purchased a vessel, a Chilean schooner, "La Joven Fanita."
Mascarel sold the vessel to Joseph Yves Limantour but remained aboard as captain while trading on the California coast. They arrived in San Pedro, California, in 1845, where Mascarel debarked and made his way to settle in Los Angeles. He went to work as a cooper for Luis Vignes and then, with "two Manon brothers" started a bakery.
Mascarel was noted as a man "largely instrumental in building up" Los Angeles. He owned property "in the very midst of the city's wholesale district" and in San Bernardino, Riverside, Ventura and Santa Barbara counties.
Public service.
Mascarel was a member of the Los Angeles Common Council in 1864–65, and he was again elected on November 12, 1866, to succeed Moritz Morris, who had resigned the previous month. He served also on the council in 1867 (his position was declared vacant on August 19 of that year, but he was reelected on September 2), in 1868–69 and in 1869–70 (he resigned on January 13, 1870). After the council was reformatted from an at-large representation to one based on electoral districts, he was elected to represent the 2nd Ward in 1873–74, 1874–75, 1880–81 and 1881–82.
He served one term as mayor, from May 5, 1865, to May 10, 1866. He was also a member of the Fire Commission.
During his mayoral term, he wanted to include the prohibition of weapons in the city. During the municipal campaign in 1866, a local newspaper wrote: "Wanted: a candidate for Mayor who can read and speak the English language." In 1871, he invested in the Farmers and Merchants Bank of Los Angeles with Charles Ducommun and I.M. Hellman, and in 1874 he acquired the first department store in Gower Street, which in 1886 became Hollywood.
Mascarel was a supporter of the Union government during the American Civil War and helped to overcome a "strong secessionist movement" in Los Angeles at that time.
References and notes.
Access to the "Los Angeles Times" links may require the use of a library card.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19257405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257405" title="Inariyama Kofun">
Inariyama Kofun

__NOTOC__
The is a keyhole-shaped kofun (tomb), zenpō-kōen-fun, located in Gyōda, Saitama. It is one of the nine kofun clustered in the city. To avoid confusion, it is occasionally called the Saitama Inariyama Kofun, for kofun with the same name are found in other regions.
The full length of the tomb is 120 m, the second largest in the prefecture after the Futagoyama Kofun. The width and height of the front, rectangular section are 74 m and 10.7 m, respectively. The diameter and height of the rear, circular section are 62 m and 11.7 m, respectively.
The Inariyama Sword was excavated here in 1968 and has a gold-inlaid inscription of more than 115 Chinese characters, which was deemed an important historic discovery. The sword is held in as a national treasure of Japan.
Access By Car.
From Hanyū IC on the Tōhoku Expressway, drive north for 12 km.
Access By Train.
From JR Takasaki Line Kita-Kōnosu Station Walk on for 4.5 km, roughly one hour.
Access By Bus.
From JR Fukiage Station, take the Asahi Bus bounded for the Gyōda Base through Sakuma and get off at Sangyō Dōro Stop; walk for 15 minutes.
From Gyōda Station, take the loop bus and get off at Sakitama Kofun Park Stop. 

</doc>
<doc id="19257408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257408" title="Empty Clip Studios">
Empty Clip Studios

Empty Clip Studios, LLC is a video game developer based in San Diego, California and was founded in July 2007. It was formed by Francois Bertrand and Matt Shores.
On September 8, 2008 the company released their debut game "Groovin' Blocks", a music-based puzzle game for WiiWare. On December 17, 2008 it was followed-up by Glow, an iPhone puzzle game.

</doc>
<doc id="19257409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257409" title="István Brockhauser">
István Brockhauser

István Brockhauser (born 3 May 1964 in Budapest) is a former Hungarian football player.
Hungary National Football Team.
From 1990 to 1992, he was the No 2 goalkeeper of the Hungarian national team behind Zsolt Petry under the Hungarian coach Kálmán Mészöly and Imre Jenei. Later on, he was replaced as No2 goalkeeper by Zoltán Vegh.
KRC Genk.
His biggest successes Istvan reached while playing for Belgian topclub KRC Genk. He was member of the very successful and popular generation of the end of the 90's, amongst Branko Strupar, Souleymane Oulare, Thordur Ghudjonsson, Mike Origi, Domenico Olivieri, Wilfried Delbroek and others.
In his six years with KRC Genk, Istvan grew to be one of the most popular players in the clubs history. He was infamous for firing on the Genk fans when he walked to his goal, waving his arms and cheering to the fans while the crowd chanted 'Brockie! Brockie! Brockie!'. 'Brockie', as he was called by the fans, became one of the clubs icons and a living legend for the Genk fans.
In the 2001 season he broke his leg after a harsh tackle from Korean SK Beveren striker Lee Sang Il, after which the entire stadium yelled and boo-ed the striker and the other Genk players looked for the Korean to take revenge. Istvan recovered in two months, but lost his place to Jan Moons with whom Brockhauser had been challenging to be first keeper in Genk.
The 2002 season, when Genk became Belgian champions for the second time, was Brockhausers last season at KRC Genk. He completed the season as second keeper behind Jan Moons, only gaining some minor time on the pitch with a heroic goodbye from Genk fans at the end of that seasons final game, against SK Lokeren.
Honours.
Hungarian League: winner 1990, 1993 
Hungarian Cup: Winner 1992, 1996 
Belgian First Division: Winner 1998-1999, 2001-2002
Belgian Cup Winner 1998, 2000

</doc>
<doc id="19257454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257454" title="CDFS">
CDFS

CDFS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19257457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257457" title="Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis Railroad">
Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis Railroad

The Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis Railroad (CP&StL) was a railroad in the U.S. state of Illinois that operated a main line between Pekin (near Peoria) and Madison (near St. Louis) via Springfield. Its property was sold at foreclosure to several new companies in the 1920s; the portion north of Springfield has since become the Illinois and Midland Railroad, while the remainder has been abandoned, except for a portion near St. Louis that is now owned by the Norfolk Southern Railway.
History.
The earliest predecessor of the CP&StL was the Illinois street Railroad, chartered by the Illinois General Assembly in February 1853 to build a line from Jacksonville north-northeasterly to La Salle through the valley of the Illinois River. The line was opened from Virginia to Pekin in 1859, and in May 1864 the property was sold at foreclosure to the Peoria, Pekin and Jacksonville Railroad, which had been incorporated in June 1863 for this purpose. The company bought a line from Pekin to Peoria from the Peoria and Hannibal Railroad in May 1868, and in 1869 the road was extended southwest to the Toledo, Wabash and Western Railway (Wabash) at Jacksonville. The segment beyond Pekin acquired in 1868 was sold in November 1880 to the Peoria and Pekin Union Railway, a terminal railroad serving those cities.
A second line was chartered in March 1869 as the Springfield and Northwestern Railroad, to build from Springfield north-northwesterly to Rock Island. It was completed in December 1874 from Springfield (also on the line of the Wabash) to Havana, where trains entered the Peoria, Pekin and Jacksonville Railroad to reach Peoria via trackage rights. On opening, the road was leased to the Indianapolis, Bloomington and Western Railway (which had lines east from Havana and Pekin), but the lease was forfeited in 1875, and the Springfield and Northwestern "Railroad" was soon reorganized as the Springfield and Northwestern "Railway", incorporated in May 1878.
Both lines, connecting Jacksonville and Springfield to Pekin, were sold to the Wabash in 1881, but, after the Wabash defaulted, the lines were sold in mid-1888 to a new Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis Railway, a subsidiary of the Jacksonville Southeastern Railway (reorganized in 1890 as the Jacksonville, Louisville and St. Louis Railway). The latter company, with a main line from Jacksonville southeast to Centralia via Litchfield, soon assembled a system - the "Jacksonville Southeastern Line" - by leasing the St. Louis and Chicago Railway (Springfield to Litchfield) in September 1890, and building, as a part of the Chicago, Peoria, and St. Louis, a line from Litchfield southwest to Madison (near East St. Louis). The connection to East St. Louis was completed in November 1890, and in December the company inaugurated, in cooperation with the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad, a through Pullman car passenger service between Chicago and St. Louis.
The system was broken up in 1893, as the Jacksonville, Louisville and St. Louis and Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis were placed under separate receivers. The latter's lease of the St. Louis and Chicago expired in December 1895, and that company soon became part of the new St. Louis, Peoria and Northern Railway. This left the Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis "Railway", reorganized in January 1896 as the Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis "Railroad of Illinois", with its original lines from Pekin to Jacksonville and Springfield and an isolated branch between Litchfield and Madison. Unable to use the direct line from Springfield to Litchfield, the CP&StL acquired trackage rights over the St. Louis, Chicago and St. Paul Railroad ("Bluff Line") to Waverly and the Jacksonville Southeastern to Litchfield; the route was modified in July 1896 to use the latter line from Jacksonville to Litchfield. Several years later, the CP&StL would acquire the Bluff Line as its St. Louis connection, and sell off the Litchfield-Madison line.
The Bluff Line began as the St. Louis, Jerseyville and Springfield Railroad, incorporated in November 1880 to build from Springfield to the Mississippi River near Grafton. The line was completed in 1882 from Bates, on the Wabash west of Springfield, through Jerseyville to Dow, where it descended the Mississippi River's bluffs to Elsah and followed the shoreline to Grafton. After a lease to the St. Louis and Central Illinois Railroad, begun in December 1886, the line was reorganized in November 1888 as the St. Louis, Alton and Springfield Railroad, which had been incorporated in June 1887. In 1889, that company built a branch from Dow to the river at Lockhaven, and then along the Mississippi to Alton, as well as a connection from Elsah to Lockhaven. (The Dow-Elsah segment would later be abandoned.) Another reorganization, in September 1892, created the St. Louis, Chicago and St. Paul Railroad which built a direct entrance to Springfield from Loami (south of Bates), as well as an extension from Alton to Granite City in July 1894. The company was reorganized yet again in October 1897, forming the St. Louis, Chicago and St. Paul "Railway of Illinois". Finally, in March 1900, the Bluff Line was merged into the Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis "Railway" of Illinois, a reorganization of the Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis "Railroad" of Illinois, and at the same time the Litchfield-Madison line was split off as a new Litchfield and Madison Railway, which the CP&StL continued to operate under lease until June 1904.
This consolidated company, with a main line from Pekin to Granite City/Madison, and branches to Jacksonville and Grafton, continued to have financial problems, and the final company to bear the name, the Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis "Railroad", was incorporated in December 1909 and took over the property of the Chicago, Peoria and St. Louis "Railway of Illinois" in January 1913. Operations continued until November 1924, when four separate companies purchased portions of the property at foreclosure sale:

</doc>
<doc id="19257458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257458" title="International Journal of Private Law">
International Journal of Private Law

The International Journal of Private Law is a quarterly peer-reviewed law journal covering all aspects of private law, including audio-visual, media, communication, and space law. It is intended to cover the legal issues facing individuals, entrepreneurs, and business owners on an international scale. The editor-in-chief is Sylvia Kierkegaard. Occasionally, the journal publishes special issues on important topics in private law. The journal is abstracted and indexed by Scopus.

</doc>
<doc id="19257470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257470" title="SoundRabbit">
SoundRabbit

SoundRabbit is an American alternative rock band from just outside of Boulder, CO. The band came together in 2007 after solo artist Russ LePrie sought out a rhythm section to form a power-trio for touring and eventually recording. After drummer/percussionist Chris Beers responded with Jason Kapp in mind for the bass, the band decided to become a quartet after playing sessions with lead guitarist Chris Anton. The four went on to release their debut, This Room Becomes A Crowd, in November of that year. The genre spanning roots rock album gained enough traction for the band to begin touring in early 2008. 
With the release of their first album, the band also implemented the Backstage. The subscription based project was a way for fans to access to the band's entire catalog of music (live and studio), videos, photos, blogs and other exclusive material. In turn the band would donate a percentage of its proceeds to various charities and causes. The model would encourage fans to be making more of a donation and difference rather than just purchasing a CD.
In 2009, the band released their second album Tree Trunk Airplanes, a rocking and moodier effort, and resumed a healthy touring schedule over the next two years. While touring the country, they shared the stage with the likes of Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings, Keller Williams, The Avett Brothers, and local bluegrass boys Oakhurst, just to name a few. 
The band traveled to Charlottesville, Virginia in April 2010 to begin the recording process for their third independent release. They spent ten days holed up in an old cabin (circa 1750), writing and recording what ultimately became a full length album, Don't Forget To Remember. The first four singles were released in March 2012 - "The Odds of Waking Up," "Sister, Brother," "Sand & Stone," and "September."
History.
After forming in 2007, the band didn't waste any time building a buzz. In February 2008 they were awarded "Best Pop/Rock Release By A New Band" by the Mile High Music Store in Denver for their debut album. A month later they were touring out west centered around two big shows in Arizona. The first playing the Circle K Main Stage at the Tempe Music Festival in Tempe opening for Fergie of The Black Eyed Peas, My Chemical Romance, Cowboy Mouth and the Gin Blossoms. That same weekend they headlined a Habitat For Humanity benefit concert at Arizona State University.
In April 2008, they toured the Midwest and Northeast, playing shows from Des Moines to Cambridge where they headlined at the famed Middle East with indie band American Princes. Upon returning to Colorado, they were featured at a benefit concert for Colorado State University's Alternative Spring Break to close out their spring tour. By May, the band had already raised thousands of dollars for charities including the American Cancer Society, Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, the National Kidney Foundation, the March of Dimes, Habitat For Humanity, and others, through their Backstage fan-supported charity program.
September became one of the bigger months for the band. They were invited to headline the "Welcome Back" concert for the University of Colorado, grabbed a spot for Colorado's Rock The Vote event and a main stage slot at the legendary Red Rocks Amphitheatre for the Monolith Festival with such acts as TV On The Radio, DeVotchKa, Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings and The Avett Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="19257472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257472" title="Observatory, Gauteng">
Observatory, Gauteng

Observatory is a Suburb in Johannesburg's east (Region F, the former Region 7); it borders the suburbs of Houghton Estate, Cyrildene, Linksfield, Bellevue, Bellevue East and Dewetshof. It is named for the Union Observatory established in the early 1900s (today's Johannesburg Observatory), sited on Observatory Ridge, the city's highest point. It is a well established suburb: Observatory Girls' Primary was founded in 1918, and Observatory Golf Course (1912) is the oldest golf club in Johannesburg still operating from its original ground. The suburb also houses the Yeshivah Gedolah of Johannesburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19257529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257529" title="Daisy Pulls It Off">
Daisy Pulls It Off

Daisy Pulls It Off is a comedy play by Denise Deegan. It is a parody of wholesome adventure stories about life in a 1920s girls' English boarding school, such as those by Angela Brazil. The original production of the play opened at the Nuffield Theatre in 1983 and ran for 1,180 performances.
Synopsis.
Energetic Daisy Meredith, a girl from a poor background, is forced to face and overcome snobbish prejudice and schoolgirl pranks from the wealthier girls. She and her best friend, zany Trixie Martin, search for the missing treasure that could save the fortunes of the exclusive Grangewood School for Young Ladies. Along the way, Daisy overcomes false accusations, saves the lives of her enemies and discovers that the mysterious stranger seen around the grounds is her long-lost father.
As in the series of St Trinians films, the schoolgirls are played by older actresses, and the headmistress frequently is played by a man.
Productions.
After tryouts at the Nuffield Theatre in Southampton in 1983, the play was staged in the West End at the Gielgud Theatre (then known as the Globe) from April 1983 to February 1986, produced by Andrew Lloyd Webber and directed by David Gilmore. It ran for 1,180 performances and then toured for two years. Alexandra Mathie starred as Daisy. The play launched the careers of Kate Buffery, Lia Williams, Gabrielle Glaister and Samantha Bond.
The production won an Olivier Award and the Drama Theatre Award for Best Comedy. Kate Buffery was nominated for an Olivier as Best Supporting Actress.
Dewsbury Arts Group's 1989 production of the play was the scene of Victoria O'Keefe's last-ever stage role (as Sybyl Burlington), before her untimely death at 21 in an automobile accident in 1990.
A 2002 revival at the Lyric Theatre was also directed by Gilmore and produced by Lloyd Webber. There was also a 2008 UK tour.
The family-friendly piece is a popular choice for school productions.
The very first American production of this play was staged at Woodland Hills High School in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1992. It was directed by John Lloyd and starred Caryn Mehalik, Shelby Schnieder, Craig Gyergyo, Lesley Dave, Gretchen Cleevely, Chris Burkett and Chris DeMarco.
A revived London production ran at the Arts Theatre in the West End from 19 January - 6 February 2010. It was directed by Nadine Hanwell.
Further reading.
Daisy Pulls It Off is based on the novel The Testing Of Tansy by Winifred Norling written in 1939

</doc>
<doc id="19257593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257593" title="Ossetians in Turkey">
Ossetians in Turkey

Ossetians in Turkey are an ethnic minority. Ossetians are an Iranian people. They emigrated from North Ossetia since the second half of the 19th century, end of Caucasian War. Today, the majority of them live in Ankara and Istanbul. There are 24 Ossetian villages in central and eastern Anatolia. The Ossetians in Turkey are divided into three major groups, depending on their history of immigration and ensuing events: 
Population.
It is estimated that the Ossetian population in Turkey is 20,000—100,000 people.
Religion.
Though the vast majority of Ossetians living in North Ossetia–Alania (Russia) and South Ossetia are mostly Christians, Ossetians who live in Turkey are Muslims (they are Muhajirs).

</doc>
<doc id="19257676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257676" title="Mirpur Tehsil">
Mirpur Tehsil

Mirpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Mirpur District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
History.
During British Rule of the Indian Subcontinent, Mirpur was part of the Princely state of Kashmir and Jammu. At this time Mirpur was a tehsil of Bhimber District (then part of Jammu province) During this time the idea of irrigating the lower part of Mirpur Tehsil (the Khari ilaka) from the Jhelum River had been considered.

</doc>
<doc id="19257688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257688" title="Conquest Dynasties">
Conquest Dynasties

Conquest Dynasties in the history of imperial China refers to the dynasties established by non-Han people that ruled parts or all of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19257691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257691" title="Higlett">
Higlett

Higlett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19257707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257707" title="Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1 km time trial (LC 3–4)">
Cycling at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1 km time trial (LC 3–4)

The Men's 1 km time trial (LC 3-4) at the 2008 Summer Paralympics took place on 7 September at the Laoshan Velodrome.
The world records for both LC3 and LC4 categories were broken during the event. Simon Richardson (Great Britain) set a new record of 1:14.936 for the LC3 class and Greg Ball (USA) set a new record of 1:21.157 for the LC4 class. This was the first gold medal for Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
PR = Paralympic Record
WR = World Record
Results.
! width=20|Rank!! width=200|Name !! Class !! Time !! Factor (%) !! Final Time with % factor

</doc>
<doc id="19257711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257711" title="Thrikkalathoor">
Thrikkalathoor

Thrikkalathoor is a village in Ernakulam district of Kerala state (India), located near to the towns, Perumbavoor, Muvattupuza and Kothamangalam.
Thrikkalathoor is blessed with lots of paddy fields, hills and ponds. Thrikkalathoor is famous for its Lord Sree Rama temple which is believed to be founded by Vedic sage Agasthya. Many lithic records claim the presence of Sree Rama here during his search for Seetha.
Geography.
The Thrikkalathoor village comprises mainly the following places
Politics.
The place falls under Muvattupuzha assembly constituency, which is part of Idukki (Lok Sabha constituency). It was part of Muvattupuzha (Lok Sabha constituency) until 2004.Thrikkalthoor is part of Payipra panchayat and Mulavoor village.
Religion.
The population of Thrikkalthoor includes Hindus,Syrian Christians and Muslims. It is traditionally known for the amity among all its different sections of people.
Places of interest.
Sree Rama Temple.
This temple is dedicated to Lord Sree Rama. It is located between Society pady and Mannoor.
Pallimattathu Bhagavathy temple.
This temple is dedicated to Goddess Bhadra, situated in the midst of paddy fields at Thrikkalathoor Kavumpady.
Pallikkavu Thridevi temple.
This temple is dedicated to Goddess Bhagavathy located in Pallichirangara Thrikkalathoor.
St.George Jacobite Syrian Church( Under the Holy See of Antioch ).
This church is belongs to Jacobite Syrian community located in Thrikkalathoor Pallithazham.
Mosque.
This mosque situated in Pallichirangara, is a place of worship of Muslims

</doc>
<doc id="19257723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257723" title="In the Days of the Comet">
In the Days of the Comet

In the Days of the Comet (1906) is a science fiction novel by H. G. Wells in which humanity is "exalted" when a comet causes "the nitrogen of the air, the old "azote"," to "change out of itself" and become "a respirable gas, differing indeed from oxygen, but helping and sustaining its action, a bath of strength and healing for nerve and brain." The result: "The great Change has come for evermore, happiness and beauty are our atmosphere, there is peace on earth and good will to all men."
Plot summary.
An unnamed narrator is the author of a prologue ("The Man Who Wrote in the Tower") and an epilogue ("The Window of the Tower"). In these short texts is depicted an encounter with a "happy, active-looking" old man who is none other than the protagonist and author of the first-person narrative that is the novel "per se": now 72 years of age, he is writing the story of his life immediately before and after "the Change."
This narrative is divided into three "books": "Book I: The Comet"; "Book II: The Green Vapours"; and "Book III: The New World".
Book I, which is remarkable for its close description of early 20th-century working-class living conditions in the English Midlands, recounts how William ("Willie") Leadford, "third in the office staff of Rawdon's pot-bank place where pottery is made in Clayton," quits his job just as an economic recession caused by American dumping hits industrial Britain, and is unable to find another position. His emotional life is dominated by his love for Nettie Stuart, "the daughter of the head gardener of the rich Mr. Verrall's widow", who lives 17 miles away in a village called Checkshill Towers. Converted to the cause of socialism by his older, scientifically inclined friend, Parload, Leadford is a headstrong youth who blames class-based injustice for the squalid living conditions in which he and his mother live. The date of the action is unspecified, but evidently takes place in the near future. (At the end of Book I war has broken out between Great Britain and Germany, so the book has a certain prophetic character.)
When Nettie jilts Leadford for the son and heir of the Verrall family he buys a revolver, intending to kill them both and then himself. As this plot matures, a comet with an "unprecedented band in the green" in its spectroscopy looms ever larger in the sky, eventually becoming brighter than the Moon. Leadford finds Nettie and Verrall in a little seaside bungalow village called Bone Cliff, near Shaphambury, as a naval battle is taking place off the coast. Just as he is about to execute his murderous plan the green comet enters the Earth's atmosphere, causing a green fog to envelop the planet that puts all animal life (except in the sea) to sleep for three hours.
Book II opens with Leadford's awakening. He feels a great clarity of mind and experiences a total alteration in his relation to himself, to society, and to the world. No longer is he dominated by passion; he is acutely aware of the beauty in the world and his attitude toward others is one of generous fellow-feeling. The same effects occur in everyone around the world; they immediately concur in the necessity to "begin afresh" and remake human society. By chance, Leadford falls in with a Cabinet minister and briefly becomes his secretary, enabling him to observe how leaders, too, come to their senses and resolve to transform society by eliminating private ownership of land, etc.
Book III begins with an intense discussion by Verrall, Leadford, and Nettie, about their future. Although Nettie wants to establish a "ménage à trois", Leadford and Verrall reject the idea, and Leadford returns to devote himself to his mother, now in declining health. She dies toward the end of the Year of the Scaffolding (as the first year after the comet is called). Leadford marries Anna, who has been helping care for his mother, and they have a son, but soon thereafter Nettie contacts Leadford. They still love each other, but the felt necessity of sexual exclusivity has become a thing of the past.
In the epilogue, the author expresses distaste for this development, and the 72-year-old Leadford tells him that he and Nettie became lovers, and that he, Nettie, Verrall, and Anna were from then on "very close, you understand, we were friends, helpers, personal lovers in a world of lovers." The author is troubled "by my uneasy sense of profound moral differences."
Characters.
William "Willie" Leadford.
At the beginning of the novel William Leadford is an angry, confident young man with an intellectual bent. Looking back fifty years later, he calls himself "ill clothed, ill fed, ill housed, ill educated and ill trained." His age is unclear: he is described both as 21 years of age and 17 or 18. He is a member of the British working class and, like H. G. Wells, a believer in socialism.
Leadford has been Nettie Stuart's "sweetheart" for more than three years. He works in a "pot-bank," has studied shorthand, and is a religious sceptic. He lives in lodgings with his timid, work-worn, but loving mother, widowed by a train accident, who believes in "a quaint old-fashioned narrow faith."
Nettie Stuart.
Nettie, the beautiful daughter of a gardener, has known William Leadford since they were children because their mothers were "second cousins and old schoolfellows."
Edward Verrall.
The Verralls are a wealthy upper-class family. Mrs. Verrall is a widow. Edward Verrall is "a gallant youngster, people said, and very clever. Young as he was there was talk of parliament for him; he had been a great success at the university."
Parload.
Leadford's only close friend is a fellow clerk and socialist. But the pair quarrel and Leadford breaks off relations when Parload avers that socialism is "only a theory," whereas science is "something more". In later years Parload becomes a great scientist whose "work upon intersecting radiations has broadened the intellectual horizon of mankind for ever."
Utopia and Dystopia.
The pre-Change world is often described as dark, corrupt, spoiled, unjust, and ugly. Politicians do little for those living in squalid conditions. Book I, Chapter 3, Section 4 includes a diatribe against the institution of war, "certainly the most strikingly insane" of "all the monstrous irrational phenomena of the former time." All this is ended forever in three hours by the comet's green vapours, and all see themselves and the world differently.
Hate, distrust, and selfishness are eliminated after the Change, and individuals regard their previous existences with shameful incomprehension. Many things become useless or meaningless: ownership titles, political institutions, nations, many industries, armies, and many weapons. In Book III, Chapter 3, Wells presents an extensive satire of the British Cabinet. After the Change, larger buildings begin to be used as collective dining halls, and the mansions of the wealthy are converted to nursing homes. A makeshift engineer's school re-educates people, and there is extensive demolition and destruction of structures and objects from the past.
William Leadford argues for open marriage and polyamory, though he does not use those terms. But H. G. Wells distances himself from these highly controversial and, at the time, socially unacceptable notions by having another narrator, half-censure them in the epilogue.

</doc>
<doc id="19257739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257739" title="Chris Underhill">
Chris Underhill

Chris Underhill, MBE, is a social entrepreneur working with marginalised people. 
He graduated with a Bachelor of Science from the University of London and later with an Master of Science in International Policy from the School for Policy Studies, University of Bristol. He worked for Voluntary Service Overseas in Zambia, an experience which led him into a career in development where he has specialised in leadership, disability, mental health and appropriate technology.
With regard to disability and mental health, Underhill has founded a number of organisations including Thrive (formerly known as Horticultural Therapy), a UK-based charity working with disabled people and medical professionals in horticulture, gardening and agriculture, Action on Disability and Development, a development agency targeting disabled people in the third world, and BasicNeeds, which works with people with mental disorders and their carers in Ghana, Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Lao PDR and Vietnam.
Underhill has also served as chief executive of the Intermediate Technology Development Group (now Practical Action), the charity founded by E.F. Schumacher, author of Small is Beautiful. He went on to found the UK member organization of International Development Enterprises known as IDE UK and he is currently Chair of the Ashden Awards for Sustainable Energy. 
Regarding leadership notably in the Third Sector he is Member of the Board of Impetus (venture philanthropy)Impetus, a leader in venture philanthropy in the UK and is the founding Chair and trustee of the Leaders' Quest Foundation, from 2004-2011. Formerly he was a board member of Headstrong, the National Centre for Youth Mental Health in Ireland, the Chair of Action Health which amalgamated with Skillshare International in 2000, Digital Links (retired July 2007), Friends of APD (founder Chair) and Oxfam Chair of Committee for Africa, Staff (HR), and Trustee Role and Council Structure working party whose task was the reorganisation of the Board of Trustees. 
He is the joint author with Audrey Cloet of the 1982 book "Gardening is for Everyone" (ISBN 9780285649545). and is an author and contributor to a number of works which include:
"Barriers to improving mental health services in low and middle income countries", and "Mental Health and Development" in "Selected Readings in Community Based Rehabilitation: Disability and Rehabilitation Issues in South Asia". 
In 1999 he was awarded an MBE for his work with international and UK disability.
In 2012 he was elected as a Senior Ashoka Fellow.
Underhill received the esteemed Skoll Award for Social Entrepreneurship 2013 which recognised his commitment towards: 'altering peace and human security practices that prevent the most marginalized or vulnerable from accessing and benefiting from the system'. The Skoll Award marked the significant contribution made by Underhill to the field of global mental health through BasicNeeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19257745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257745" title="Romulea rosea">
Romulea rosea

Romulea rosea is a herbaceous perennial in the family Iridaceae. It is endemic to the western Cape Province (Today Western Cape, Eastern Cape and Northern Cape) in South Africa and is naturalised in Europe, Australia, New Zealand and California in the United States.
It is a small plant, usually less than 20 cm high, with grass-like leaves. The flowers are pink with a yellow throat and appear in spring.
Fruit are small, cylindrical, sweet and juicy when young. These fruit (called 'puddings') are sometimes eaten by children.

</doc>
<doc id="19257763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257763" title="2008 Gainsco Auto Insurance Indy 300">
2008 Gainsco Auto Insurance Indy 300

The 2008 GAINSCO Auto Insurance Indy 300 was the opening round of the 2008 IndyCar Series season and took place on March 29, 2008 at the Homestead-Miami Speedway. For the first time in series history, the reigning champion was not on the grid to defend his title, as Dario Franchitti had moved to the #40 NASCAR Sprint Cup car for Chip Ganassi Racing. 2003 champion Scott Dixon kicked off the season with the victory, on his way to the series championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19257767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257767" title="Babbar">
Babbar

Babbar may refer to: 
People with name Babbar:

</doc>
<doc id="19257775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257775" title="Farm Cove Intermediate">
Farm Cove Intermediate

Farm Cove Intermediate School is an intermediate school located in Pakuranga, Auckland. It opened in 1979. It currently has a roll of around 620 students and is divided into six areas. Each area usually has a staff of three, including a Senior Teacher, who is in charge of the day to day running of their area.
The current principal since April 2011 is Linda Harvie. The previous principal for about 17 years was Madeleine East, who was named an associate member of the New Zealand Principals’ Federation on May, 2007 and a member of the New Zealand Order of Merit on the 1st June, 2009.
The school has been awarded the MultiServe/Telecom Information Award and twice won the Goodman Fielder School of the Year Award in the large Primary/Intermediate category.

</doc>
<doc id="19257778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257778" title="Fritz Schachermeyr">
Fritz Schachermeyr

Fritz Schachermeyr (1895-1987, also "Schachermeyer") was an Austrian historian, professor at the University of Vienna from 1952 until retirement.
Schachermeyr was born in Linz, and studied in Graz, Berlin and Innsbruck. At Innsbruck, he was a reader in ancient history from 1928 to 1931. 
He acted as professor in Jena (1931), Heidelberg (1936) and Graz (1940).
In 1952, he was called to Vienna University as professor of Greek history, ancient history and epigraphy.
Schachermeyr was a proponent of scientific racism during the Third Reich, advocating a "racial-biological view of world history" or "biology of history".

</doc>
<doc id="19257785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257785" title="Cesare Brandi">
Cesare Brandi

Cesare Brandi (Siena, 8 April 1906 – Vignano, 19 January 1988) was an art critic and historian, specialist in conservation-restoration theory.
In 1939 he became the first director of the "Istituto Centrale per il Restauro" (Central Institute for Restoration, now the Istituto Superiore per la Conservazione ed il Restauro) in Rome.
His main books on art interpretation are "Le due vie" (1966, Bari), and "Theoria generale della critica" (1974). "Le due vie" was presented and debated in Rome by Roland Barthes, Giulio Carlo Argan and Emilio Garroni. The philosopher he felt mostly closer to was Heidegger, although their positions didn't coincide; for this, he felt also closer to Derrida, their common Heidergarian base. He said that Derrida's enunciations couldn't be neglected, particularly his theorization of Différance.
In 1963, his important essay "Teoria del Restauro" (Restoration Theory) was published.

</doc>
<doc id="19257787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257787" title="Kataw (Philippine mythology)">
Kataw (Philippine mythology)

The Kataw is one of the merfolk in the Philippine Mythology. In Visayan, "Kataw" was believed to have higher rankings than other water and sea creatures as those of "Sirena", "Sireno" and "Siyokoy". It is believed that the "Kataws" are the reigning rulers of the kingdom "Bantay Tubig". 
Based on physical features, "Kataws", along the "Sirena" and "Sireno", were the "Bantay Tubig"-creatures that bear likeness to human while "Siyokoy" are those that resemble water-creatures. Unlike "Sirena", they have feet instead of tails but they have gills on their bodies and fins in their arms. These marine creatures disguises into fishermen asking for help. When approached by mortals, the "Kataws" drown them into the abyss.
According to old folks, "Kataws" have the ability to manipulate and control water-type elements and related forces such as pressure, tides, waves, bubbles and the likes. Also, they can change water to ice . 

</doc>
<doc id="19257795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257795" title="Wong Kwok-kin">
Wong Kwok-kin

Wong Kwok-kin, BBS (黃國健; Yale: Wòhng Gwok Gihn; born May 1952) is the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong representing the Kowloon East constituency.
He is chairman of the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions and the member of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong. He is one of Hong Kong's deputies to the National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China.
Wong led HKFTU team to participate in the Hong Kong legislative election, 2008, followed by Chan Yuen Han, a former veteran legislator. Finally, Wong won the seat while Chan lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19257801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257801" title="Capcom Vancouver">
Capcom Vancouver

Capcom Vancouver (formerly known as Blue Castle Games) is a video game developer owned by Capcom, and currently holds a partnership with Microsoft Studios. As "Blue Castle Games", the company is the creator of several successful baseball sports video games, including "The Bigs", "MLB Front Office Manager" and "The Bigs 2". They have also developed the "Dead Rising" series. Blue Castle Games was acquired by Capcom after the release of "Dead Rising 2", and renamed Capcom Vancouver.
History.
The company was formed on July 4, 2005 in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada by three core founders with thirty five years of combined video game experience. Starting with only twelve staff and one game ("The Bigs"), the company has grown to 170 people with 3 shipped titles. In February 2008, Blue Castle Games won the award for Best New Video Game Company at the 2008 Elan Awards for "The Bigs", in a tie with another local Vancouver company. A wide number of developers in Capcom Vancouver were formerly of EA Games Canada, located only a couple blocks away from their studio.

</doc>
<doc id="19257806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257806" title="Wadden Sea Agreement">
Wadden Sea Agreement

Agreement on the Conservation of Seals in the Wadden Sea is an agreement between Wadden Sea countries, aimed at protection of seals and concluded in the aegis of Convention on Migratory Species (CMS) in 1990. 
Seals.
Common seals, or harbor seals, are nearly threatened true seal species, inhabiting temperate and Arctic marine coastlines of the Northern hemisphere. 
They are found in coastal waters of the northern Atlantic and Pacific Oceans as well as those of the Baltic and North Seas.
Harbor seals are brown, tan, or gray, with distinctive V-shaped nostrils. An adult can attain a length of 1.85 meters (6.1 ft) and a mass of 132 kilograms (290 lbs). Females outlive males (30–35 years versus 20–25 years). Harbor seals stick to familiar resting spots, generally rocky areas where land predators can't reach them, near a steady supply of fish to eat. 
Their global population is 400,000 to 500,000, and subspecies in certain habitats are threatened. Seal hunting, once a common practice, is now mostly illegal.
History.
In 1988, due to an outbreak of the phocine distemper virus, there was a dramatic decline in the population of the Common Seal. 
The Agreement on Conservation of Seals was signed on 16 October 1990 in Bonn, Germany. It entered into force on 1 October 1991, and population has recovered significantly since then. In 2002, however, the same virus caused another population decline in the North Sea, the Wadden Sea and Kattegat/Skagerrak area. 
Agreement area and members.
The Agreement was concluded between the Netherlands, Germany and Denmark. The Agreement area includes:
In the Netherlands - the areas under Key planning Decision Wadden Sea.
In Germany- the Wadden Sea national parks and the protected areas under the Nature Conservation Act seaward of the main dike and the brackish water limit including the Dollard
In Denmark- the Wildlife and Nature Reserve Wadden Sea. 
The Secretariat of the Agreement is located in Wilhelmshaven, Germany. 
The Seal Management Plan (2002 – 2006).
The Seal Management Plan (2002-2006) contains objectives and action points on habitat protection, research and monitoring, pollution and wardening, taking and public information. 
The plan is aimed at the Wadden Sea stock of the Common seal ("Phoca vitulina vitulina") and is also extended to cover the two breeding stocks of the Grey seal (Helichoerus grypus) in the Wadden Sea (Grey Seal is not covered by the Agreement). The overall aim of the plan is to restore and maintain viable stocks and a natural reproduction capacity, including juvenile survival of the Common and Grey seal.
The Plan seeks a balance between conservation and management of the area, and contributing to achieving viable stocks. 

</doc>
<doc id="19257808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257808" title="2009 FIBA Asia Championship">
2009 FIBA Asia Championship

The 2009 FIBA Asia Championship for Men was the biennial Asian continental championship and also served as the FIBA Asia qualifying tournament for the 2010 FIBA World Championship. The tournament was held from August 6 to 16, 2009 in Tianjin, China.
Iran won its second straight FIBA Asia Championship by defeating China 70–52 in the final. Jordan defeated Lebanon 80–66 in the bronze medal game to claim the third and final automatic bid for the 2010 FIBA World Championship. Both Iran and Jordan qualified for the FIBA World Championship for the first time while China qualified for the eighth time in the last nine World Championship tournaments. Lebanon failed to qualify automatically for a third consecutive world championship, although FIBA later awarded them a wild card to the tournament.
Iranian center Hamed Haddadi was named Most Valuable Player for the second consecutive tournament after leading Iran to its second consecutive title by averaging 15.8 points, 13.1 rebounds, and 4 blocks per game during the tournament.
Qualification.
According to the FIBA Asia rules, each zone had two places, and the hosts (China) and Stanković Cup champion (Jordan) were automatically qualified. The other four places are allocated to the zones according to performance in the 2008 FIBA Asia Stanković Cup.
Qualifying was done via the 2008 FIBA Asia Stanković Cup where the champion automatically qualified, and from different FIBA Asia sub-zones. As hosts, China automatically qualified to the championship. In West and Middle Asia, no actual qualifying tournament was done as only a few teams on those sub-zones registered to participate in a qualifying tournament.
With the withdrawal of Bahrain, FIBA Asia chose Chinese Taipei as the final participant to the 16-team field.
This is the first championship where Hong Kong would not participate; they were consistent participant since the inauagural tournament in Manila. Only Hong Kong and Syria did not return from the FIBA Asia Championship 2007. They were replaced by Uzbekistan, returning to the tournament after a four-year absence, and Sri Lanka, making its first appearance since 1995.
This is also the third time in the 21st century in which the championships were held in the People's Republic of China; Shanghai was the host for 2001, and Harbin was the host in 2003.
Draw.
The draw was held on June 17 at Tianjin.
Squads.
Each team has a roster of twelve players. Only one naturalized player per team is allowed by FIBA.
Statistical leaders.
Points
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks

</doc>
<doc id="19257810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257810" title="Broadway (cyclecar)">
Broadway (cyclecar)

The Broadway was a British 4 wheeled cyclecar made only in 1913 by the Broadway Cyclecar Co of Coventry.
The car was powered by an air-cooled, V twin, engine made by Fafnir driving the rear wheels by a two speed gearbox and belts. It cost GBP80.

</doc>
<doc id="19257849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257849" title="Dande Darpa Khel airstrike">
Dande Darpa Khel airstrike

The Daande Darpkhel airstrike took place on the morning of 8 September 2008 when a United States Air Force drone aircraft fired a number of missiles at a former madrassa (religious school) complex located in the village of Dande Darpa Khel, near the main town Miranshah, North Waziristan, Pakistan. It was part of a series of drone attacks targeting presumed militants, which took advantage of the power vacuum in Pakistan, following the fall of Pervez Musharraf on 18 August 2008.
The airstrike killed 23 people, including eight children, and wounded at least eighteen. The targets of the airstrike were Jalaluddin Haqqani and his son Sirajuddin, neither of whom were present at the time. Among 23 people killed was one of Jalaluddin's two wives, sister, sister-in-law and 8 of his grandchildren.
However their family had arrived just ½ hour before, suggesting that the US acted on fresh intelligence, possibly video from the drones transmitted in real time.

</doc>
<doc id="19257872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257872" title="Sound of the Natural State">
Sound of the Natural State

The Sound of the Natural State is the marching band of Arkansas State University.
Directed by Dr. Sarah Labovitz (Director of Athletic Bands) the 'Sound of the Natural State' is the marching band of Arkansas State University located in Jonesboro, Arkansas. 
About.
Described as "one of Arkansas State's greatest assents" by Arkansas State's former chancellor, Robert Potts, The SOUND is built on the long tradition of outstanding bands at Arkansas State. 'The Sound' is a premiere college marching band utilizing a corps style performance to produce a high energy precision show. Never to disappoint a crowd, the 'Sound of the Natural State' is well respected by colleges and high schools all across the country. Past Directors have included Mr. Donald Minx, Dr. Tom O'Connor, Ms. Pat Brumbaugh, Dr. Tom O'Neal, Mr. Ed Alexander, and Dr. Kenneth Carrol. The Director of Bands and Coordinator of Instrumental Activities, Arkansas State, is Dr. Timothy Oliver.
Throughout the past decade, under the talented leadership of those listed above, the band has enjoyed continued growth; both in numbers of artists participating and numbers of performances. Currently the SOUND performance schedule includes all home football games, several away games each season, as well as three exhibitions performances for area marching contests. The busy schedule fosters outstanding time management among the college students, representing every major in the STATE Course Catalog. The group rehearses Tuesday through Friday from 3:30 PM until 5:00 PM at the Marching Band Practice Facility on the Jonesboro campus. Enjoying outstanding support from the institution, a large number of SOUND musicians receive Band Performance Scholarships regardless of major.
Organization.
Winds and percussion.
Currently, the instrumentation of Sound of the Natural State includes:
Traditions.
Order of the Pack.
Formerly known as "The Order of the Tribe", The Order of the Pack is an important gathering of current students, alumni, athletes, faculty, and administration to carry forward the history of the institution and teach the crowd the music, cheers and chants used to cheer on the ASU football team at the first home game of the season. The Sound of the Natural State is one of the most noticeable groups participating in The Order of the Pack, performing for the crowd the ASU Fight Song "ASU Loyalty", the ASU Alma Mater "Hail to ASU", and various pep tunes of the season.
Pregame.
The football pregame performance at Arkansas State University is led by the Sound of the Natural State. The band performs a traditional pregame show that includes "Patriots on Parade", "The Star Spangled Banner", "Hail to ASU", "ASU Loyalty".

</doc>
<doc id="19257888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257888" title="Lake Beatrice">
Lake Beatrice

Lake Beatrice () is a lake on the lower eastern side of Mount Sedgwick in the West Coast Range of Western Tasmania. Being higher in altitude, is not visible from the level that Lake Burbury is at, but can be seen either from the air, or the higher slopes of the eastern part of Mount Lyell
It was a reference point for the never built Great Western Railway that was considered at the end of the nineteenth century 
The name of the lake and adjacent ground is tied into exploration leases held in the area 
The "Lake Beatrice Conservation area" starts in the location of Lake Beatrice and continues north to Lake Huntley and lake Rolleston, it is bordered on either side by the "Tyndall Regional Reserve" 

</doc>
<doc id="19257897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257897" title="Kujawy (disambiguation)">
Kujawy (disambiguation)

Kujawy, or Kuyavia, is a region of north-central Poland.
Kujawy may also refer to the following villages:

</doc>
<doc id="19257904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257904" title="Khushab Tehsil">
Khushab Tehsil

Khushab Tehsil (), is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) Khushab District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
History.
Khushab Tehsil was an agricultural region with forests during the Indus Valley Civilization. The Vedic period is characterized by Indo-Aryan culture that invaded from Central Asia and settled in Punjab region. The Kambojas, Daradas, Kaikayas, Madras, Pauravas, Yaudheyas, Malavas, Saindhavas and Kurus invaded, settled and ruled ancient Punjab region. After overunning the Achaemenid Empire in 331 BCE, Alexander marched into present-day Punjab region with an army of 50,000. The Khushab was ruled by Maurya Empire, Indo-Greek kingdom, Kushan Empire, Gupta Empire, White Huns, Kushano-Hephthalites and Shahi kingdoms. 
In 997 CE, Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi, took over the Ghaznavid dynasty empire established by his father, Sultan Sebuktegin. In 1005 he conquered the Shahis in Kabul in 1005, and followed it by the conquests of Punjab region. The Delhi Sultanate and later Mughal Empire ruled the region. The Punjab region became predominantly Muslim due to missionary Sufi saints whose dargahs dot the landscape of Punjab region. 
After the decline of the Mughal Empire, the Sikh invaded and occupied Khushab Tehsil. The Muslims faced severe restrictions during the Sikh rule. During the period of British rule, Khushab district increased in population and importance. During British rule Khushab was a tehsil of the old Shahpur District, the tehsil at that time had an area of . The population according to the 1901 census was 161,885 a rise of over 10,000 since 1891.
The predominantly Muslim population supported Muslim League and Pakistan Movement. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, the minority Hindus and Sikhs migrated to India while the Muslim refugees from India settled in the Khushab Tehsil.
Administration.
Khushab tehsil is subdivided into 32 Union Councils:

</doc>
<doc id="19257915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257915" title="Dvorak">
Dvorak

Dvořák or Dvorak is a common Czech surname, originally referring to a rich landowner with a manor house (Czech "dvůr", cognate with Polish dwór). It is the fourth most common surname in the Czech lands.
Dvořák or Dvorak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19257926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257926" title="Jean-Claude Rodet">
Jean-Claude Rodet

Jean-Claude Rodet (born 1944 in Saint-Vérand, Rhône) is a French-speaking Canadian author, naturopath, trainer and consultant in nutrition. He has a doctorate of agronomic sciences (1977) and an honorary doctorate in natural medicine (2000). He is a holistic health practitioner
Biography.
Rodet is the dean of academy for foreign affiliations to the University of Natural Medicine (Santa Fe) since 2000. And since 2002, he is a member of the International Organic Inspectors Association. Rodet has written l'assiette vitalité to preserve life through Anti-aging. Within the "Institut International de Ressources Écologiques" (IIRE) he gathered a 10,800-book library about ecology and natural medicine.
As a traditional Chinese medicine trainer, he states that a physician should be paid only by his healthy patients and according to his successful preventive medicine practice.
Bibliography.
JCR wrote books about :

</doc>
<doc id="19257949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257949" title="Ralf Fährmann">
Ralf Fährmann

Ralf Fährmann (born 27 September 1988) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Schalke 04 in the Bundesliga.
Career.
Fährmann made his professional debut for Schalke on 13 September 2008 in 3–3 draw away to Borussia Dortmund. On 16 September 2008 he played his first international match against APOEL F.C. in a UEFA Cup tie. 
At the end of the 2008–09 season, he left FC Schalke 04 and moved to Eintracht Frankfurt on free transfer and signed a contract until 30 June 2012.
He returned to Schalke in 2011 after the team sold Manuel Neuer to FC Bayern Munich for a fee of 22 million euros. In the 2011 DFL- Supercup, Fährmann was the Man of the Match. After 90 minutes, the game finished 0–0 and it went on directly to a penalty shootout. Fährmann held two penalty kicks; one from Kevin Großkreutz and one from Ivan Perisic, thus allowing Schalke 04 to raise the Supercup trophy for the first time in the club's history.
International career.
He is a former member of several Germany national youth football teams.
Personal life.
Ralf Fährmann's brother Falk Fährmann is also a professional footballer, who has recently played for FSV Zwickau.

</doc>
<doc id="19257960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257960" title="Narcissistic supply">
Narcissistic supply

Narcissistic supply is a concept in some psychoanalytic theories which describes a type of admiration, interpersonal support or sustenance drawn by an individual from his or her environment (especially from careers, codependents and others). The term is typically used in a negative sense, describing a pathological or excessive need for attention or admiration that does not take into account the feelings, opinions or preferences of other people.
Fenichel, Simmel, and "narcissistic need".
The term "narcissistic supply" was used by psychoanalyst Otto Fenichel in 1938 in describing the way in which a narcissistic individual "requires a 'narcissistic supply' from the environment in the same way as the infant requires an external supply of food". Building on Freud's concept of "narcissistic satisfaction" and on psychoanalyst Karl Abraham's work in "Short Study of the Development of the Libido", Fenichel highlighted the "narcissistic need" in early development. He noted that "it has been stated repeatedly that small children need some kind of narcissistic supplies for maintaining their equilibrium".
Along with Abraham and psychoanalyst Sándor Radó, Fenichel saw "loss of essential narcissistic supplies" as a key factor in an individual's predisposition to depression: "after disappointments of this type the child asks for subsequent compensating external narcissistic supplies throughout his life". Fenichel considered impulse neuroses (including addictions) similarly as products of "the conflicts around getting the 'supplies'". Additionally, he noted that for love addicts' […] necessary narcissistic supplies may be striven for in different ways". One way is to influence their object "by every magical means […] to behave so as to admit of the identification that the subject needs as a narcissistic supply".
Psychoanalyst Ernst Simmel (1920) considered that the gambling neurosis 'derived from attempts to obtain, through the mechanism of reverting to earlier infantile ways of conduct, the "narcissistic supplies" - i.e. food, love, comfort and attention - which were believed by the gambler to have been denied him'. Fenichel in turn highlighted 'the intensity', for the gambler, 'of the conflicts around getting the "supplies"...necessary reassurances regarding anxiety or guilt feelings'.
Personality disorders.
The term narcissistic supply was employed by psychoanalyst Otto Kernberg as part of his description of what he called the malignant narcissist when he was profiling criminals. Kernberg referred to the coldness in this type of narcissist's relationships as the "tendency to disregard others except in temporary idealization of narcissistic supply" and he suggested that this was a feature which distinguished pathological from normal narcissism. Psychoanalyst and self-psychologist Heinz Kohut spoke of how, in "a person with a narcissistic personality disorder...some kind of a fragmentation...occurs when there are no narcissistic supplies, no narcissistic sustenance or praise or approval".
Narcissistic suppliers.
Those who are providers of narcissistic supply may find themselves being treated as if they are a part of the narcissist. "In the mind of a narcissist, there is no boundary between self and other".

</doc>
<doc id="19257964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257964" title="Blackrock Clinic">
Blackrock Clinic

Blackrock Clinic in Blackrock, Dublin was co-founded in 1984 by surgeons Joseph Sheehan, his brother Jimmy Sheehan, Maurice Neligan and Nuclear Medicine Specialist George Duffy as a private, high-tech hospital offering healthcare to privately insured patients.
A teaching hospital, it is associated with both the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland and University College Dublin.
However, most of the rooms in the hospital are private. In March 2008, the clinic announced a major, €100 million expansion over a five-year period, with the goal of doubling its capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="19257969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19257969" title="Battle of Villmanstrand">
Battle of Villmanstrand

The battle of Villmanstrand was fought during the Russo-Swedish War on August 23, 1741, when Russian forces, under the command of General Peter von Lacy, assaulted Villmanstrand (). Fighting began around 2 pm but the Swedes withdrew already at 5 pm. Swedish casualties amounted to 2,000 men killed or wounded and 1,000 captured, among them General Carl Henrik Wrangel. Russia lost 2,400 men. Von Lacy did not continue his movement after the battle. Henrik Magnus Buddenbrock was executed for his perceived incompetency.

</doc>
<doc id="19258000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258000" title="Bungisngis">
Bungisngis

Bungisngis is a giant cyclops in Philippine folklore. This giant, purported to dwell in Meluz, Orion, Bataan, is described as is always laughing. The literal meaning of the name "Bungingis" is derived from the Tagalog word "ngisi" which means "to giggle".
Having a humanoid shape, it has large teeth which are always showing, and its upper lip covers its face when it is thrown back. Two long tusks project from the side of its mouth. The cyclops only eye, is found in the middle of its forehead, but this is compensated by its strong sense of hearing. It has also displays unusual strength. In the Filipino tale "The Three Friends - The Monkey, The Dog and The Carabao, The giant is able to lift the carabao and throw it with such force that it ends knee-deep in the ground. However, despite its strength, the bungisngis is easily outwitted and quickly panics. In the tale of the Three Friends, Monkey's tricks led him to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19258010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258010" title="Jack Dennett">
Jack Dennett

Jack Dennett (May 30, 1916 – August 27, 1975) was a Canadian radio and television announcer. He began his career at the age of sixteen at Calgary's CFAC doing odd jobs such as filing. He began filling in for the regular announcer, when he didn't show up for work. In 1935, Dennett began conducting hockey interviews of players in the Regina Senior Hockey League. He enlisted in the Canadian Forces in 1940 but was soon discharged due to suffering stomach ulcers. He returned to radio in Winnipeg at CKRC then shortly moved to Toronto in 1943 to take over newscasts. He eventually took over the full time slots in 1949. He became a regular on the radio and television broadcasts for the "Saturday Night Imperial Esso Hockey", later "Hockey Night in Canada". He stopped broadcasting NHL radio games in 1962 and continued on in television. He was diagnosed with cancer in 1975 and had surgery in January 1975 and returned to work and left just a month before his death. That month, he was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame. He is also notable for having interviewed more Prime Ministers than any other (seven) from R.B. Bennett to Pierre Trudeau.
He is buried at Mount Pleasant Cemetery in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="19258014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258014" title="Oxfordshire Economic Partnership">
Oxfordshire Economic Partnership

The Oxfordshire Economic Partnership (OEP) is a company limited by guarantee formed in June 2003 by a number of Oxfordshire business people including Sir Martin Wood, the founder of Oxford Instruments, Dr John McKeown, the Chief Executive of UKAEA together with senior public sector executives to influence and develop strategies for enterprise and economic development in Oxfordshire, to promote competitiveness of the economy in Oxfordshire, to promote enterprise and economic growth in Oxfordshire, to promote education and training of and the development of skills amongst the existing and future work force in Oxfordshire, to research and promote the sustenance and enhancement of the environment in Oxfordshire and generally to promote in any manner the County of Oxfordshire for the benefit of its employers, employees and communities.
The following organisations are members of OEP:
The OEP Membership meets quarterly and includes the following organisations:
The partnership works by identifying priority areas for intervention and improvement and bringing together the relevant partners to define and deliver that intervention, seeking funding from a range of sources as appropriate.
In October 2005, the OEP collaborated with Oxfordshire County and private sector broadband providers to launch the Oxfordshire Broadband Partnership, established to promote the use of broadband internet in Oxfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19258022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258022" title="Tommy Sihotang">
Tommy Sihotang

Dr. Tommy Sihotang S.H., LL.M (born 3 December 1957) is a noted Indonesian lawyer of Batak descent. Coming from a lower class family background, Tommy is now a professional and one of the leading Indonesian attorneys, involved in notable cases such as the case in East Timor. He is the current leader of the Christian Democratic Party Indonesia. He is mainly active in Human Rights law.
Personal life.
Sihotang grew up in a Christian family with twelve other siblings, as a devoted Christian until today. He was raised in a small town of Pematang Siantar, North Sumatra. Later moved to the capital city of Indonesia, in Jakarta along with his family. Sihotang then received his Bachelor's degree in Law (Sarjana Hukum) at Universitas Jaya Baya, Faculty of Law in 1986. Later he moved to Sheffield, England with his wife and two children and obtained his Master's degree (LL.M) in International, Commercial, and European Law at the University of Sheffield for less than one and a half year in 1999. In 2007, he graduated his doctorate certificate at Universitas Padjajaran (Bandung) with an excellent thesis resulting a "cum laude" honor. Sihotang is also the current leader of the Indonesian Christian Democratic Party. Sihotang still manages time to lecture at Universitas Atma Jaya He has produced two books that was supported by the Indonesian Defense Minister, Juwono Sudarsono entitled "Ketika Komandan Didakwa Melanggar Hak Asasi Manusia" and "Hukum Acara di Pengadilan Hak Asasi Manusia".

</doc>
<doc id="19258023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258023" title="Letognathus">
Letognathus

Letognathus is a genus of rhizodont lobe-finned fish that lived during the Carboniferous period. Its remains come from the Blue Beach Member of the Horton Bluff Formation, near Hantsport, Nova Scotia. Like most rhizodonts, it was of relatively large size, had a large recurved fang at the symphysis of the lower jaw, and a row of three coronoid fanks along the length of the jaw in addition to its marginal dentition. "Letognathus" is important for rhizodont systematics because it retains a number of primitive features, such as ossified Meckel's cartilage, are not found in the genera "Rhizodus" and "Strepsodus".
Taxonomic History.
The members of the Rhizodontida have nearly all had complex taxonomic histories due to earlier use of the genus "Strepsodus" as a wastebasket taxon. The taxon was originally assigned to the genus "Rhizodus" by John William Dawson and later to "Strepsodus" by Arthur Smith Woodward. A new genus was erected for the Horton Bluff material based on a number of differences from either "Strepsodus" or "Rhizodus".

</doc>
<doc id="19258028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258028" title="New Zealand at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
New Zealand at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

New Zealand sent a delegation to compete at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="19258037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258037" title="Kurt Wagner (actor)">
Kurt Wagner (actor)

Kurt Wagner (born May 1, 1953) is a German television actor.
Wagner was born in Saarlouis in the Saarland, West Germany on 1 May 1953. In 1984, he played the first-billed male character in all 11 episodes of the television historical drama "Heimat with the famous actor Zyad Ayman who also played as a star in 6 episodes - Eine deutsche Chronik" (equivalent to "Homeland, a German Chronicle"). In the 1990s, he had two more television parts, one in the same role, in an episode of the sequel to "Heimat".

</doc>
<doc id="19258050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258050" title="Fafnir (automobile)">
Fafnir (automobile)

Fafnir was a German engine and vehicle manufacturer based in Aachen. They made a range of cars between 1908 and 1926.
The company was founded in 1894 producing needles. With the growth of the bicycle industry, they started to make wheel spokes. In 1898, the company was registered as "Carl Schwanemeyer, Aachener Stahlwarenfabrik AG".
From 1902 the name "Fafnir" started to be used on the company's products, including a range of motorcycle engines.
Omnimobil and early car production.
In 1904, the company started to produce kits, consisting of an engine and associated components, to allow others, particularly bicycle makers, to enter into motor vehicle production. These were sold under the name "Omnimobil". The kit at first was based around a two-cylinder engine rated at 6 Horsepower(HP) with later a larger option with a four-cylinder, 16 HP unit.
Beginning in 1908, finished cars were manufactured with the type "274" with a 1520 cubic centimetre(cc) engine and a maximum speed of and the type "284" with 2012cc capable of . The engines had overhead inlet and side exhaust valves.
By 1912 six different models were available at prices between 4,100 and 16,000 German Reichsmark(RM).
Early motorcycle production.
From 1900, the company produced motorcycle engines in various capacities up to 8h.p. V-twins. From 1903 until 1914 they also produced complete motorcycles.
Post World War I cars.
In 1919, the company changed its name to Aachener Stahlwarenfabrik Fafnir-AG. The pre war 1924 cc Typ 472 and 2496 cc Typ 384 were re-introduced and a new Typ 471 with 1950 cc engine announced which could be bought with a supercharger.
The Typ "471" proved to be the last car model made and survived in production until 1927.
Motor sport.
Fafnir had its own racing team running up to seven cars with drivers including Rudolf Caracciola.
One of the racing cars has recently turned up in the United Kingdom and competed in number of VSCC events.
Closure.
Fafnir production methods were very labour intensive, and with the difficult trading conditions of the 1920s failed to compete with the large manufacturers. Prices were reduced, but losses mounted and with debts of 1.8 million RM the banks forced the company into bankruptcy in 1925 with a resulting closure in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="19258062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258062" title="The Lost Broken Bones">
The Lost Broken Bones

The Lost Broken Bones is the sixth full-length studio album by Israeli punk band Useless ID. It is the band's first album on the Suburban Home label, and was released in Japan on July 23, 2008 through the Bullion label, and on October 18, 2008 in the rest of the world, in a special release show in Tel Aviv, Israel. Special guests at the Israeli release show included Danny Sanderson, Muki, Avital Tamir of Betzefer and Sha'anan Streett of Hadag Nahash.
Like their previous album, it was also recorded at the Blasting Room in Colorado and produced by punk drummer and producer Bill Stevenson.
The first single from the album was "Blood Pressure" which was released in August 2008 in Japan and on the band's Myspace page and on September 8, 2008 in Israel.
The album was also pressed on vinyl via Suburban Home Records. The CD version released via Suburban Home also included a copy of the band's 2006 DVD, "Ratfaces Home Videos Presents Useless ID".
It is also the band's first album with drummer Jonathan Harpak (although he was also credited on the band's previous album, he did not play on it).

</doc>
<doc id="19258067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258067" title="Sky Larkin">
Sky Larkin

Sky Larkin is an indie rock band from Leeds, West Yorkshire, England who formed in 2005.
Early history.
In common with many bands from Leeds, Sky Larkin released two singles on the Leeds based label Dance To The Radio. Songs of theirs appeared on Dance To The Radio compilation albums 'Something I Learned Today' and 'Out Of The Woods And Trees', the former featuring 'Summit' and the latter featuring the Napoleon IIIrd remix of 'Keepsakes' In both 2006 and 2007 they appeared on the unsigned stage at the Leeds Festival. During this time they would play around the UK on bills with the likes of Los Campesinos!, Nosferatu D2, Johnny Foreigner, Wild Beasts and others.
In 2008 they released the 'Swit Swoo' EP digitally as a covers collection. Amongst those included was 'I Was A Teenage Hand Model' originally by Queens Of The Stone Age and the Bruce Springsteen song 'Because The Night' alongside the more eclectic choice of Jake Thackray's "Lah-di-dah"
The album was recorded in Seattle in Spring 2008 with Sleater-Kinney and Death Cab For Cutie producer John Goodmanson.
The band signed to record label Wichita in 2008, and released their debut single on this new label, titled 'Fossil, I', on 20 October 2008. There was an accompanying video for the single which enjoyed success on MTV2 and can be viewed on Youtube.com.
Their debut album The Golden Spike was released in February 2009 on Wichita Records. 
A promotional tour of England, Europe and America (including an appearance at South By Southwest Festival in Texas) took place in spring/summer 2009, and in December 2009 they toured in support of The Cribs. 
In 2010, the band recorded follow up to their debut and released "Kaleide" in August, which was preceded by the single, "Still Windmills". In September 2010, the band headed out on a UK tour. Later that year the band supported Blood Red Shoes, Les Savy Fav and Frightened Rabbit in support of second single "Tiny Heist". 
Following the end of the album cycle, Harkin joined the Wild Beasts providing keyboards, drums and backing vocals on a worldwide tour. On 25 January 2012, five years to the day after the band released their first single, Doug Adams announced his amicable departure from the band. When Harkin returned from tour, Sky Larkin expanded into a four-piece, with Those Monsters' Sam Pryor replacing Adams on bass, and Man Made's Nile Marr added as second guitarist. In May 2013, the band released a single, "Motto," and embarked on a tour supporting Dutch Uncles and Marnie Stern.

</doc>
<doc id="19258090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258090" title="Les Stillman">
Les Stillman

Walter Leslie Stillman (born 5 October 1949 in Alexandra) is a former Australian first-class cricketer who represented Victoria and South Australia. He also played Australian rules football for Essendon and Footscray in the Victorian Football League.
During his time as a footballer Stillman played as a half forward. After making his league debut in 1968, Stillman was a semi regular in the Essendon team in 1969 and 1970. His best performance in a game came against Carlton in the opening round of the 1970 VFL season when he kicked six goals. Stillman crossed to Footscray in 1971 but could only manage three senior games and then captained Williamstown until 1975.
His cricket career had begun with a solitary first-class match in 1970/71 but it wasn't until after leaving the VFL that he established a place in the Victorian Sheffield Shield team. A right-handed middle order batsman, he broke into the side again in 1974/75 and had a solid season with 451 runs at 30.06. He remained with Victoria for a further two Shield seasons but failed to register his maiden first-class hundred, although he managed a half century against a strong West Indian pace attack in a tour game. 
Stillman didn't play any top level cricket from February 1976 to November 1977 and when he came back it was with South Australia, who he represented in the 1977/78 Sheffield Shield season. He would later return to Victoria as coach and also coached at English club Derbyshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19258111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258111" title="Bernard Evans Ward">
Bernard Evans Ward

Bernard Evans Ward (1857 – August 3, 1933) was a British painter who emigrated to the United States.
Born in London, Ward was a renowned painter of the Victorian era who won a gold medal for some of his works exhibited at the Royal Society of British Artists. After a lawsuit had cost him his fortune, he emigrated to the United States, where he lived in 1913 near Cleveland, Ohio, where his daughter was a reporter for a London newspaper, possibly the "Illustrated London News". Ward quickly made himself a name as a portraitist in his new hometown. In the early 1920s, the family lived for some time in Florida, before returning to Akron, Ohio, where Bernard Evans Ward died at the age of 76 in his granddaughter's house.

</doc>
<doc id="19258112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258112" title="Edgar Alfred Holloway">
Edgar Alfred Holloway

Edgar Alfred Holloway (1870 – 1941) was an illustrator of children's books. 
Biography.
Holloway was born in Bradford, Yorkshire. He became a war artist during the Boer War. He excelled in military uniform portraits and he worked extensively for Gale and Polden producing military uniform pictures for their postcard series. His illustrations have subsequently been reprinted in books on British army uniforms.
Holloway contributed illustrations to the Boy's Own Paper and Young England magazine and illustrated numerous children's books - mostly adventure books for boys. 
In 1911 he was living at 35 Milton Road, Hanwell, Middlesex, with his wife Mildred Kate Holloway, son Francis Gilbert Holloway (18) and daughter Leila Mildred Holloway (14). His occupation is painter artist.
Holloway emigrated to Australia in 1930 and illustrated a number of books for the Cornstalk Publishing Company in Sydney. He died in the Sydney suburb of Burwood, in 1941.
Between 1930 - 1941 Edgar married Eva Margaret and went on to do paintings for the Consolation magazine. (NC 07900435929)
References.
4 - Nathan Chilcott, Family Friend & former Carer of Eva Margaret.

</doc>
<doc id="19258134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258134" title="Eun-Hee Ji">
Eun-Hee Ji

Eun-Hee Ji (Korean 지은희, RR "Ji Eun-heui", MR "Chi Ŭnhŭi"; ) (born 13 May 1986 in Gapyeong, South Korea) is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour. She is also a member of the South Korean KLPGA.
LPGA career.
Ji joined the LPGA Tour in 2007 and recorded two top-10 finishes in just four events played, including runner-up at the Hana Bank-KOLON Championship. She made her first appearance in a major championship at the 2007 Women's British Open and finished in 5th place.
In 2008, Ji claimed her first LPGA win at the Wegmans LPGA, with a come-from-behind, two-stroke victory over Norwegian star Suzann Pettersen.
In 2009, she made a birdie on the 72nd hole of the U.S. Women's Open to win by one stroke. As with the 2008 Wegmans, this was a come-from-behind victory. Trailing Cristie Kerr, Ji overcame a double bogey on the 10th and birdied the 13th, 14th and 18th holes.
In 2012, Ji finished tied for second in the LPGA Championship. She had been leading the tournament going into the final round.
Controversy.
After Ji won the 2008 Wegmans LPGA, she gave her acceptance speech with the help of a translator. Some say this sparked the proposed "English only" requirement by the LPGA. Ji later commented that she felt the proposed requirement may have targeted her and that in the future she would "pay more attention to improving my English." Over a year later after winning the U.S. Women's Open, she again used a translator for her acceptance speech.
Major championships.
Results timeline.
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
DQ = disqualified<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Green background for a win. Yellow background for a top-10 finish.
Team appearances.
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="19258151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258151" title="St. Joseph's College, Toowoomba">
St. Joseph's College, Toowoomba

St Joseph's College is located in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia. The school was founded by the Irish Christian Brothers as an all-boys school in 1956. The school, off James Street, Toowoomba, is no longer administered by the Christian Brothers. Its website is here. The school motto is to "Serve Him In Others", meaning to serve God in others. There are currently approximately 700 students enrolled at the college.
History.
During 1955 Mr Vince Crowley called a meeting to explore the possibility of beginning a Catholic Boys school on the eastern side of Toowoomba to "eliminate the need for the boys on the eastern side of town to ride their bikes, sometimes dangerously, to St Mary’s College". In July plans were drawn up for the college site surrounded by Mackenzie, James and Curzon Streets. Bishop Brennan (then Bishop of the Toowoomba Diocese) approached the Christian Brothers to establish a Community at St Joseph’s. Three Brothers were appointed to the St Joseph's community in October.
For the first day of the new college in 1956, 116 boys were enrolled. However, the "students had to commence the school year in buildings located behind St Patrick’s Cathedral because the buildings at the current site for the College were not ready. The College, on its current site, was officially opened by Archbishop Duhig of Brisbane and Bishop Brennan of Toowoomba in a ceremony on 2 September 1956. The College was to be for boys for Grades IV to Senior (Years 4-12)". 
"On 22 June 1982 it was announced that the Christian Brothers would be withdrawing from the College at the end of 1983. In 1982 the College catered for 314 boys from Years 4 -10". Those students who wanted to continue their schooling for years 11 and 12 had to go elsewhere (generally to St Mary’s College or Downlands College).
"In 1982 it was also decided that other changes would occur from 1983. The College would be extended to include the Senior years, Years 11 & 12, and the Primary section would gradually be phased out. The College would also become co-educational. 1983 saw the first of the girls enrolled in Year 8. 1985 saw the last of the Primary classes".

</doc>
<doc id="19258165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258165" title="The Armstrong Twins">
The Armstrong Twins

The Armstrong Twins were a bluegrass and country duo consisting of the twins Floyd and Lloyd Armstrong. They were born on January 24, 1930 in De Witt, Arkansas to a musical family, and active mostly in the 1940s and 1950s.
They were one of several brother duos of their era, of which they were the only twins. Initially they both played guitar; but after randomly picking an instrument at a pawn shop in 1938 at his father's behest ("It's a wonder I didn't pick a tuba"), Lloyd started to play the mandolin and sing harmony, while Floyd played the guitar and sang lead.
Their biggest hit is the "Mandolin Boogie". They became active again in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19258169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258169" title="Europe's Living a Celebration">
Europe's Living a Celebration

"Europe's Living a Celebration" was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performed in Spanish by Rosa.
The song was performed fifth on the night, preceded by Greece's Michalis Rakintzis with "S.A.G.A.P.O.", and followed by Croatia's Vesna Pisarović with "Everything I Want". At the close of voting, it had received 81 points, placing 7th in a field of 24.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2003 Contest by Beth with "Dime".
The song is in Spanish, with the exception of one line of the chorus.

</doc>
<doc id="19258185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258185" title="1990–91 Real Madrid C.F. season">
1990–91 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 1990–91 season was the 60th season for Real Madrid in La Liga.
Player details.
During the 1990-91 season,Real Madrid used 26 different players comprising five nationalities. The table below shows the number of appearances and goals scored by each player.

</doc>
<doc id="19258193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258193" title="CEN 1789">
CEN 1789

CEN 1789:2007 is the European Union standard for ambulances and medical transportation vehicles. This European standard specifies requirements for the design, testing, performance and equipping of road ambulances used for the transport and care of patients. This standard is applicable to road ambulances capable of transporting at least one person on a stretcher.
History.
The current version of standard CEN 1789 was published by the Comité Européen de Normalisation (European Committee on Standardization) on June 29, 2007. This replaced an early version of the standard, published in 2000. European standards are generally annotated by the organization, standard number and year of publication (e.g. CEN 1789:2000 or CEN 1789/2007). Within member countries, the annotation is likely to be adapted to include the local standards body, so that in Britain, the 'C' is dropped from the prefix, and replaced with 'BS', in Germany with 'DIN', and so on. Because of the likelihood of significant changes between versions, on the most current version of any standard should be used. The Comité Européen de Normalisation is an agency of the government of the European Union, with membership from the National Standards Body of each participating member country.
While CEN 1789:2007 represents the current European standard for the design of ambulances, it is by no means the only example of such a standard. Standards for ambulance design have existed in the United States since 1976, where the standard is known as KKK-1822-A. This standard has been revised several times, and is currently in version 'F', known as KKK-1822-F. As with the European system, only the most current version of the standard should be used. One of the first known standards for ambulance design occurred in London, England, as the result of efforts by the Metropolitan Asylums Board, acting in response to the cholera outbreak of 1832. While horse-drawn, this provided the actual standard for many of the earliest civilian ambulances around the world. More contemporary versions of ambulance design standards also exist at a local level in Canada, Australia and New Zealand. In each case, the country or jurisdiction develops such standards based upon its own needs, priorities, and realities, and this is also true of the European standard. In some cases, standards compliance may not be planned, and may occur as an incidental result of normal operations. To illustrate, a small country has no domestic ambulance manufacturers, but imports its vehicles from a larger country in which the manufacturer must comply with a published standard. In most cases, the ambulances imported by the smaller country will end up complying with the larger country's standard, regardless of whether or not this outcome was intended. American and Australian standards were reviewed and considered during the development of the European standard, but were not precisely followed because European needs and priorities were different.
Intent.
The standard is intended to gradually transform the existing 'patchwork' of ambulance design and equipment across Europe into a single set of standards. An ambulance from one country would possess sufficiently common characteristics to be immediately recognizable by the residents of another country. Such vehicles would be similar enough in design to be interchangeable, with emergency medical services personnel from one country able to quickly adapt to the use of a vehicle from another country, if required. Above all, such vehicles would be safe for those being transported in them, those working in them, other users of the road, and the general public.
Vehicle standards.
Requirements are specified for categories of road ambulances based in increasing order of the level of treatment that can be carried out. The standard includes both vehicle type and also engine type and performance characteristics, including vehicle dimensions, acceleration rate, braking capacity, traction control, fire safety, and heating/cooling.
Interior design standards.
The standard contains ergonomic requirements and design specifications for the patient compartment, and also places practical restrictions on the physical lifting of patients in and out of the vehicle, for safety reasons. Other safety factors addressed include lighting, doors & windows, cabinet securing systems, seatbelt and seat anchorage, seat size & position, and restraint of medical equipment, with provisions for static testing, dynamic and impact testing.
Classification of ambulances.
Type A1 is without lights and sirens Type A2 with lights and sirens and can function as emergency ambulances. Generally only used for the non-emergency transportation of patients, either between facilities or between a facility and a residence. The emphasis is on transportation; such ambulances have limited treatment or equipment space. Such ambulances may also be used because of cost by smaller communities, particularly if there is no ALS service, or if ALS is provided by another vehicle, as with a Notarzt.
The most commonly seen type of emergency ambulance. This vehicle type permits increased treatment space and also the ability to store significantly larger amounts of medical equipment. Such vehicles will typically respond independently to emergency calls, providing some level of treatment. For high priority emergency calls, these will often be supplemented by the response of a Notarzt.
This type of ambulance is commonly seen in the movement of high acuity (ICU) patients between hospitals. It provides adequate space for not only the medical equipment commonly seen in ambulances, but also to accommodate hospital equipment, such as ventilators, during transport. In some locations, vehicles of this design may be used to provide mobile resuscitation services, either supplemented by a Notarzt response, or with the Notarzt as a part of the crew.
Medical devices.
This Standard gives general requirements for medical devices carried in road ambulances and used therein and outside hospitals and clinics in situations where the ambient conditions can differ from normal indoor conditions.
Vehicle colour.
The Standard specifies that all ambulances will be painted yellow, with specific colour standards, as their primary body colour. The colour yellow was chosen primarily because it remains visible to almost all people in all lighting conditions, including the majority of those with colour-blindness.
Warning systems.
Active warning systems.
All ambulances will be equipped with flashing blue lights, visible for 360 degrees around the vehicle. All vehicles must also be equipped with an audible warning system (siren) which meets specified standards for both sound pattern and volume.
Passive warning systems.
All ambulances are to be equipped with highly reflective green and yellow 'checkerboard' markings (the English term is 'Battenburg' pattern), of specified proportions, running the entire length of the vehicle. The intent of this measure was to provide specific 'visual identities' for emergency vehicles, by reserving this pattern for ambulances, blue and yellow Battenburg for police cars, and red and yellow Battenburg for fire service vehicles. In addition, all lettering on the vehicle is required to be highly reflective, in order to boost vehicle visibility in all conditions. The colour combination selected was chosen for specific reasons. Under night time conditions, green is among the most visible (exceeded only by blue) of colours, creating high visibility (and safety) for ambulance vehicles. Unfortunately, for many of those who suffer from colour-blindness, neither green nor red is visible, washing out to shades of grey or dark yellow. In fact, almost 99 percent of all colour vision deficiency involves some form of red-green colour blindness, and includes an estimated 7-10 percent of all males, depending on location. However, even for these individuals, the colour yellow is always visible (see diagram). The resulting pattern is both high visibility and eye-catching for the average person, provides improved night time visibility for most, and provides a combination which is identifiable, at least in part, by the majority of the population.
Application and compliance.
As with most European standards, compliance by the member countries of the European Union is purely voluntary, and to be determined at the level of the member country, usually by means of legislation, or by its own standards organization. To illustrate, this standard, which has been accepted by the United Kingdom, is known locally as BS EN 1789:2007, with the 'BS' referring to British Standards. As a result, the adoption of this standard has varied considerably from one country to another. Most countries, for example, have adopted the sections dealing with vehicle design and performance, while only a few (the UK, Ireland, and Sweden at this writing), have fully adopted the colour, warning system, and livery schemes for such vehicles. To further complicate matters, some countries have adopted some portion of the visual identity standards, but not all. In the Netherlands, Belgium, and some parts of Germany, the conversion to the basic identifying colour (yellow) is occurring, but the balance of visual identity provisions are not. In addition, some countries which are not currently members of the European Union, such as Norway are adopting some portions of the standards, primarily because few other good standards exist for this purpose, particularly those that reflect European realities. The rate and degree of compliance with the standard is a conscious choice by individual countries, while in others, compliance is a matter of the priorities for the changing of older, country specific, legislation. As previously stated, compliance with the standard is purely voluntary. There are no untoward financial implications to compliance, since only ambulances purchased after ratification of the standard by each country are required to be compliant. There is no mandatory provision for the retrofitting of existing ambulances.

</doc>
<doc id="19258209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258209" title="Aviation Security Identification Card">
Aviation Security Identification Card

An Aviation Security Identification Card (ASIC) is an Australian identification card that shows that the holder of the card has undergone a security check and is suitable to enter a secure area of an Australian Airport. Security checks are performed by AusCheck (part of the Attorney General's Department) and include a criminal records check undertaken by the Australian Federal Police, a security assessment conducted by the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation (ASIO) and an unlawful non-citizen check conducted by the Department of Immigration and Citizenship (DIAC). An ASIC is required for all personnel working at a security controlled airport in Australia. Personnel requiring access to a secure airport who are under the age of 18 are required to display an ASIC however issuing bodies can not apply for a security check. An ASIC has to be renewed every two years except for someone who has applied for an ASIC before they turned 18 in which case an ASIC is valid until 6 months after the person's 18th birthday. Only people with an operational need to enter a secure airport may apply for an ASIC. The goal of the ASIC is not just to prevent terrorist activities at airports but to ensure aircraft, equipment and facilities can not be tampered with.
The ASIC is a program similar to the Maritime Security Identification Card program found in the maritime and offshore industries.
Systems similar to ASIC identification card system exists in Canada (known as Restricted Area Identity Card or RAIC) and in the United States (known as Security identification display area or SIDA).
Obligations.
ASIC holders are required to follow specific conditions otherwise they risk losing their ASIC or even face Federal Prosecution.
ASIC Features.
An Aviation Security Identification Card comes with very noticeable features to make it obvious to the eye, but also to protect from fraud.
The most common type of ASIC is bright red (suitable for entrance to Security Restricted Areas (SRA) and secure areas), however there are also grey variations (secure areas). ASIC Security features include:

</doc>
<doc id="19258215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258215" title="Susan Baskervile">
Susan Baskervile

Susan Shore Browne Greene Baskervile (died 1648), or Baskerville, was one of the most influential and significant women involved in English Renaissance theatre, as theatre investor, litigant, and wife, widow, and mother of actors.
Her first husband was Robert Browne (died 1603), actor and manager of the Boar's Head Theatre. She was his second wife. Her five children by Browne included William Browne, who would act with Queen Anne's Men and Prince Charles's Men in the years between 1616 and his death in 1634. Her second husband was the famous clown Thomas Greene, who performed with Queen Anne's Men and who died young in August 1612. (They had a daughter, Honor.) Susan married her third husband, James Baskervile, in June 1613; he was a bigamist who abandoned her and fled to Ireland in 1617.
Thomas Greene's last will and testament, dated July 25, 1612, left his share in Queen Anne's Men, worth 80 pounds, to his wife. (More precisely, he willed her the value of his share; only actors could be sharers.) At the time of his death, the company owed Greene an additional £37 10 "s.", which also passed to Susan. In 1615, after negotiations, the Baskerviles agreed to invest another £57 10 "s." in the company; in return they would be paid one shilling and eight pence every day the company played a play, for the remainder of their (the Baskerviles') lifetimes. The company quickly fell behind in its payments; in 1616 the troupe raised the Baskervile pension to 3 "s." 8 "d.", in return for another investment of £38. The Queen's Men still could not meet their payments to Susan Baskervile, and also failed to pay her son William who was acting with them. Susan Baskervile sued Ellis Worth and other members of the Queen's Men. Susan Baskervile won her suit in 1623 — which forced the acting company to break up. 
The long and complex lawsuit, generally called the Baskervile or Worth/Baskervile suit, solicited depositions from most members of the company, generating a documentary record that is valuable for scholars of English Renaissance drama. "Her legal actions have provided much of our knowledge of Queen Anne's Company and of the duties, salaries, and grievances of hired men in the dramatic companies." Christopher Beeston and Thomas Heywood, among others, gave testimony on the side of Baskervile, while Richard Baxter among others gave testimony for the actors. Richard Perkins, great actor that he was, gave a deposition favoring Baskervile on October 13, 1623, and another favoring the actors a day later.
In his 1634 will, William Browne made his mother his executor; with William's death in November of that year, Susan Baskervile acquired control of William's share in the Red Bull company, so called after the theatre it occupied. Within a year, Baskervile was involved in litigation with William's widow Anne Browne.
Susan Baskervile also invested in the second Fortune Theatre, rebuilt after the original burned down in 1621. Another lawsuit, begun in 1637, reveals that Baskervile owned one of the 24 shares in that theatre through the end of the period of English Renaissance drama, when the theatres were closed in September 1642 at the start of the English Civil War. The suit was still active in 1648, when Baskervile filed a deposition in the matter.
Baskervile signed legal documents with her initials only, a fact taken by some commentators as an indication of illiteracy.

</doc>
<doc id="19258217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258217" title="Splinter (2008 film)">
Splinter (2008 film)

Splinter is a 2008 horror film directed by Toby Wilkins. It had a limited theatrical release on October 31, 2008 and stars Shea Whigham, Paulo Costanzo, and Jill Wagner. It was filmed near Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. HDNet Movies aired the film two days prior to its theatrical release.
Plot.
The film opens on a sleepy gas station, where the slack-jawed pump attendant (Charles Baker) is attacked by a seemingly rabid animal. Through a series of glimpses the attendant's body begins to contort after the attack. Meanwhile, a young couple, Seth Belzer (Paulo Costanzo) and Polly Watt (Jill Wagner) retreat to the wilderness for a romantic camping trip in the ancient forests of Oklahoma, but their plans are shattered when they are car-jacked by an escaped convict, Dennis Farell (Shea Whigham), and his drug-addict girlfriend, Lacey Belisle (Rachel Kerbs). As the foursome travel the back roads together, they get a flat tire when they run over a small splinter infected animal on the road. Finding shelter at the now abandoned gas station, they fend off larger incarnations of a parasite as it infects more victims.
Soon after their arrival at the gas station, Lacey discovers the infected still-living body of the attendant from the opening scene. Lacey is attacked and dies instantly, but her corpse slowly reanimates and becomes a new creature which attacks the remaining survivors. While fighting this creature, the three remaining discover that severed pieces of the infected victims are capable of attacking on their own. Sheriff Terry Frankel (Laurel Whitsett) arrives on the scene and attempts to arrest Dennis, but she is ripped in half by Lacey's corpse. The creature takes the top half of the officer's body to the roof and slowly bonds with it, creating a larger creature. Seth formulates a plan to call for help using the cop's radio left behind when her body was ripped in half. However, during the execution of this plan, the newly rebuilt creature attacks and takes the lower half of the cop. The trio hides in the gas station's walk-in refrigerator when a section of its arm manages to get in and attack them. It is then discovered that Dennis has been infected as his left arm violently twists and twitches on its own. Seth and Polly amputate his arm to prevent the infection from spreading. Dennis later explains that he had been pricked by a splinter from a creature they encountered on the road. Seth also discovers that the creatures are actually just a mold or fungus taking control of the corpses they infect and consuming the blood and because it is a simple creature they hunt based on temperature, attacking the warmest thing they can find. 
By lowering his body temperature with bags of ice, Seth is able to sneak past the creature to the police car, while Polly and Farell distract it with fireworks. Seth makes it to the police car but discovers that without the keys, the car, and the police radio inside are useless. Meanwhile, Seth's body temperature has risen, forcing Dennis to leave the gas station in order to lure creature away from him. As a result, the creature manages to enter the gas station and Dennis and Polly are forced to hide in the freezer. Meanwhile, the discarded fireworks ignite the trail of flammable liquid left earlier and the gas station catches on fire. Seth is able to retrieve a shotgun from the police car and helps Polly and Dennis escape. Dennis offers to keep the creature at bay while Seth and Polly escape, and is infected in the process. He shoots one of the gas pumps with the shotgun and the creature is engulfed in flames. When the smoke clears, the creature is dead, but Dennis is still infected. Seth and Polly approach Dennis who gives them a key to a bank account, telling them to give it to the wife of a man he shot and paralyzed who later died. Dennis shoots directly into a stack of propane tanks, incinerating himself, the gas station and any remaining infected corpses. 
Seth and Polly stumble off into the sunrise, but the final scene reveals that there are other infected creature corpses lying dormant in the woods.
Reception.
"Splinter" won six awards at the Screamfest Horror Film Festival: Best Editing, Best Score, Best Special Effects, Best Make-Up, Best Directing and Best Picture.
"Splinter" was a nominee for Best Horror Film at the 35th Annual Saturn Awards, but it lost to . It was also nominated in Spike TV's 2009 Scream Awards for Most Memorable Mutilation for the arm removal scene, but lost to "Saw V's" Pendulum Trap.

</doc>
<doc id="19258269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258269" title="2008 Bronze Helmet (Poland)">
2008 Bronze Helmet (Poland)

The 2008 Bronze Helmet (, BK) is the 2008 version of Bronze Helmet organized by the Polish Motor Union (PZM). It is unofficial Individual U-19 Polish Championship.
The Final will take place on September 26, 2008 in Gdańsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19258295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258295" title="David Law Proudfit">
David Law Proudfit

David Law Proudfit (October 27, 1842, Newburg, New York – February 23, 1897, New York City) was an American poet and lithographer, who also wrote under the pseudonym Peleg Arkwright.
Son of a clergyman, Proudfit was educated at the common schools until the onset of the Civil War. Enlisting as a private in the 1st Regiment New York Mounted Rifles aged nineteen, he spent four years as a soldier, rising to the rank of major. He then went to New York and entered business in lithography. He began contributing to periodicals under the pseudonym Peleg Arkwright, until success encouraged him to write under his own name. In 1868 he married Frances Marian Dodge. His later business interests included pneumatic tubes; in the 1880s he was president of the Meteor despatch company of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19258304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258304" title="Carl Henrik Wrangel">
Carl Henrik Wrangel

Carl Henrik Wrangel, friherre Wrangel af Adinal (January 28, 1681 – March 23, 1755) was an officer of the Swedish Army, eventually attaining the rank of Field Marshal.
Biography.
He was born in Haapsalu, the son of Reinhold Wrangel, father of Georg Gustaf Wrangel af Adinal, and nephew of Didrik Wrangel af Adinal.
Wrangel entered military service at the age of 15 and participated in several of the Charles XII's campaigns during the Great Northern War, in the process of which he was promoted to captain of Livgardet and Lieutenant Colonel of Skånska ståndsdragonerna, but was captured in 1709 after the battle of Poltava. After returning from captivity in 1722, he was promoted to colonel of Nyland calvalry regiment and in 1727, was made colonel of Tavastehus regiment, 1729 för Nyland dragoon regiment, September 4, 1732 major-general and 1739 colonel of Skaraborgs regemente. The same year, he offered the position of riksråd, but demurred in favour of remaining with the Army.
At the outbreak of the Russo-Swedish War in 1741, he led one of the two divisions of the Swedish Army in Finland, with a strength of 4,000 men. On August 23, 1741, he was ordered by General Henrik Magnus von Buddenbrock to lead his force into battle against General Peter Lacy's more than twice as strong Russian force in order to defend Villmanstrand, without waiting for the arrival von Buddenbrock's division. The numerarily superior Russians won the battle and took Villmarstrand, whereupon Wrangel, who lost his right arm during the battle, was captured.
Upon his return from captivity in 1742, he received precious gifts from the king and the burghers of Stockholm and was made lieutenant-general in 1743 and colonel for Närkes och Värmlands regemente. In 1754, he was promoted to Field Marshal.
During the Dalecarlian Rebellion in 1743, he was assigned the task of dissuading or diverting the march of the Dalecarlians on Stockholm, but despite his popularity he achieved neither. Politically he was a moderate "Cap", but did not participate much in the debates of the Riksdag.

</doc>
<doc id="19258310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258310" title="John Wogan">
John Wogan

Sir John Wogan (1588–1644) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1644.
Wogan was the son of Sir William Wogan of Wiston, Pembrokeshire and his wife Sybil Owen, the daughter of Sir Hugh Owen of Orielton, and grandson of John Wogan. He matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford on 20 November 1607 aged 19. 
In 1621 he was elected Member of Parliament for Pembrokeshire In 1624 he was defeated and petitioned unsuccessfully. He was elected MP for Pembrokeshire again in 1625, 1626 and 1628 and sat until 1629 when King Charles decided to rule without parliament for eleven years. He was appointed High Sheriff of Pembrokeshire for 1635–36.
In April 1640 Wogan was elected MP for Pembrokeshire in the Short Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Pembrokeshire for the Long Parliament in November 1640 and sat until his death in 1644.
Wogan's son, Thomas Wogan, was one of the regicides of Charles I.

</doc>
<doc id="19258314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258314" title="ChoiceQuote Insurance Services">
ChoiceQuote Insurance Services

ChoiceQuote Insurance Services is part of the GAN UK Group, the UK broker division of Groupama Insurances.
ChoiceQuote currently employs around 70 staff at its head office in Liverpool, with other branches in Manchester and Glasgow.
History.
1995
Phil Catterall purchased a small personal lines insurance broker with a premium income of £1.5m located in Manchester, England and executed a business plan to focus on niche, non-standard motor insurance with initial emphasis on taxis and motor trade road risks.
Expanded into Liverpool by opening a new office.
1996
Relationship established with MMA Insurance PLC ("MMA") to co-develop products and provide the majority of their capacity.
Introduced Motor Trade Road Risks.
1998
Strategic co-operation initiated with Equity Red Star, one of Lloyd's of London personal lines syndicates.
2000
First broker to launch website with buy online motorcycle insurance quote engine.
2004
First broker to launch online taxi insurance quote engine.
2005
Diversified product offering by moving into commercial vehicle insurance.
In-house development team recruited to create bespoke online quote engines, point of sale branded products and aggregator integration technology.
Equity Motor Trade Road Risk underwriting authority granted.
2006
IT platform created in conjunction with SSP to provide backbone for major policy count growth.
2007
Standard and non-standard private car insurance introduced as part of its direct offering.
Invested in new telephony system, contact centre software and dialer to help drive efficiencies and growth.
Opened satellite sales offices in Birmingham and Glasgow to provide field risk selection intelligence for regional taxi and fleet sales.
Took non-standard car product live with aggregators uswitch.com, confused.com, gocompare.com and moneysupermarket.com.
Exclusive arrangements with an insurer agreed in order to deliver non-standard products online.
2008
Private car panel expansion initiated with several major insurers.
Acquired by Groupama UK.
Cathie Bruce appointed as Managing Director.
2009
A new taxi insurance office opened in Glasgow's Pacific Quay in September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19258319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258319" title="Thomas Elek">
Thomas Elek

Thomas Elek, also known as Tamás Elek and KERPAL (b. 7 December 1924, Budapest - d. 21 Feb 1944, Paris) was one of the members of the French resistance executed at the fort of Mont Valérien as a member of the Manouchian Group, a volunteer of the French liberation army FTP-MOI. His name was one of the ten featured on the "Affiche Rouge", displayed on thousands of copies by the Germans citywide after the trial of the 23 captured members of the Manouchian group. His photograph was displayed with the caption "Elek Juif Hongrois 8 déraillements" (Elek, Hungarian Jew, 8 derailments).
Biography.
Early years.
Thomas Elek was born in Budapest, Hungary on the 7 December 1924 to a family of communist intellectuals. The Elek family (Thomas, his father Sandor, his sister Marthe and his mother Hélène, then pregnant with a brother, Bela) emigrated to France in 1930. They settled in Paris, where his mother, after various minor jobs, became a restaurateur in 1934.
Second World War.
Elek left the Lycée Louis-le-Grand at the age of 16, to become involved in the underground movement. He joined a group of students at the Sorbonne who were linked to the "Groupe du musée de l'Homme", wrote and distributed tracts, and stuck "papillons" (butterflies - flyers) to walls. In August 1942, sympathising with the "Jeunesses Communistes" (Communist Youth), he became involved with the FTP-MOI (Francs-tireurs et partisans - Main-d'œuvre immigrée) and took up the armed struggle. His "nom de guerre" was KERPAL. Shortly after, Elek was assigned a solo attack on the Rive Gauche German bookstore, in which he used a booby-trapped book. In March 1943, along with the young Czech, Pavel Simo, he made a grenade attack on a restaurant reserved for German officers at Asnières. Simo was arrested, and executed on the 22 May 1943 at the Stand de tir de Balard. 
On 1 June 1943 in a spontaneous attack, Elek threw two grenades into a group of 70 Germans in front of the Jaurès metro station. He was promoted and named head of the group at the center of the 4th detachment of the FTP-MOI Paris region; they were known as "des dérailleurs" and commanded by Joseph Boczov.
Elek participated in several railway derailments, notably that of the night of 28 July on the Paris-Château-Thierry line. This derailment is stated to have caused the death of 600 German soldiers.
In 1943 Elek was arrested with others of the Manouchian Group and tortured by the "Brigades Spéciales". He was handed over to the Germans and detained in Fresnes Prison. All but one of the Manouchian group were condemned to death in a show trial and shot three days later, 21 Feb 1944, at Mont Valérien.

</doc>
<doc id="19258350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258350" title="Dell O'Dell">
Dell O'Dell

Dell O'Dell was the stage name of Nell Odella Newton (20 October 1897 - 5 February 1962) an American magician regarded in her profession as a pioneer who provided a role model for modern female performers. She was noted for being one of the first magicians to appear on television, on her own show, "The Dell O'Dell Show", on ABC's local station in Los Angeles in 1951. 
At an early stage of her career, she bought the rights to the magic act of Frank Van Hoven (1886-1929) and created her own versions of his magic tricks. At the height of her career, she was billed as "The World's Leading Lady Magician" and "The Queen of Magic."
Nell Newton's father worked in carnivals and she began learning magic from him when she was young. She developed a style that featured snappy patter and cute rhymes, which became something of a trademark. She married Charles Carrer, a famous juggler, who managed her show and constructed props for her.
She became a pioneer of television magic when "The Dell O'Dell Show" began transmission on a local station in the Los Angeles area in California on 14 September 1951. She thus pre-dated several other noted pioneers of television magic, such as Mark Wilson, whose first television show began in 1955, and Richiardi Jr who made the first of his record run of appearances on The Ed Sullivan Show in 1956.
O'Dell wrote extensively on the subject of magic. She contributed a column titled "Dell-lightfully" for the magicians' magazine "The Linking Ring". She also produced a number of books of tricks and performance routines, including "Presenting Magical Moments" (1939) and "On Both Sides of the Footlights" (1946). Her "Stamp Album" presentation was published in volume 4 of the "Tarbell Course in Magic". 
O'Dell died age 64 of multiple myeloma and left her body to UCLA Medical Center for scientific research.

</doc>
<doc id="19258382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258382" title="William &quot;Bill&quot; Rice">
William &quot;Bill&quot; Rice

William "Bill" Rice (1931, Vermont - 2006, New York City) was a prominent and regular fixture of the avant-garde art scene in the East Village in New York City for many years.
A painter, film actor, and an unaffiliated scholar, Bill Rice was one of the central figures in the various bohemian enclaves that gathered and overlapped in the Lower East Side of the 1960s. Among his diverse achievements, Rice worked with noted Gertrude Stein expert Ulla Dydo on "Gertrude Stein: The Language That Rises: 1923–1934" (2003), an essential study of the author’s writing process, using her notebooks and manuscripts. 

</doc>
<doc id="19258384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258384" title="Phantasy Star 0">
Phantasy Star 0

, also known in Australia and Europe as Phantasy Star: ZERO and sometimes in North America as Phantasy Star Ø, is a Nintendo DS game in the "Phantasy Star" series, developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega. The game was released in Japan on December 25, 2008 and in North America on November 10, 2009, and has been released in Europe on February 12, 2010. Though the official US release date was the 10th, the game was not available in stores until November 11, 2009. The official website incorrectly lists the release date as November 12, 2009 because SEGA could not guarantee the game would be available nationwide on the 11th. The game expands on the gameplay mechanics of "Phantasy Star Online", partly by borrowing some elements from fellow online Phantasy Star title "Phantasy Star Universe", such as a fully realized story mode for offline play.
Character generation and archetypes.
Phantasy Star Zero continues the character creation mechanics from Phantasy Star Online. The player first chooses a race, each with their own strengths: versatile Humans; powerful, hulking androids called CASTs; or nimble but fragile genetically engineered Newmans. The choice affects the character's perspective on the story and what order in which the first three zones are tackled, but ultimately all three end identically. The player then chooses the character's gender and archetype. Males tend to favor physical strength and durability; females tend to favor accuracy, evasion and techniques, Phantasy Star's equivalent to magic.
Hunters.
Hunters use short ranged weapons like swords daggers and spears. Human and Newman hunters may also wield empowering techniques.
Rangers.
Rangers are primarily ranged attackers. They are most effective fighting at long range with various guns and heavy artillery, but can also make use of gunblades. Human rangers can also use de-powering techniques on targets.
Forces.
Forces excel at using techniques. Techniques are used to buff and heal teammates and debuff and damage enemies. Though all Humans and Newmans can use some techniques, only forces can use the light-based Grants and dark-based Megid and only forces can learn the higher-tier ranks of all techniques.
Gameplay.
Online and offline modes.
Similar to "Phantasy Star Online", players can shop, bank, accept quests, and access combat areas from a city-like hub. In the offline Story Mode, the player gains AI allies and progresses a narrative, which includes multiple cut scenes and dialogue sequences. Once completed, the player can access higher difficulty levels to earn increasingly powerful gear and further grow their characters. The game also contains three online modes: Free Play, in which the player is randomly paired up with a party of one to three users; Play With Friends, where the player can invite friends into a private room (and vice versa); and Play Alone, where the player can play online by oneself to complete online-only missions and be notified of friends' connection status.
Communication.
Featured in the game is "Visual Chat", a take on PictoChat where players communicate by drawing and writing on the DS touch screen. According to the February issue of Nintendo Power (Vol.238, page 38), "Up to 20 messages may be saved to shortcuts so they're accessible at any time via a quick tap of the touch screen". Players can also write freely to each other throughout a game session without the use of pre-composed messages. However, communication among unfamiliar users is limited to preset chat. Even considering its limitations, the preset phrases offer an unprecedented amount of communication between anonymous users from anywhere in the world over Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. Players will receive the preset phrase in their own languages as well as the speakers'.
Gear and character optimization.
The game contains over 350 weapons, debuting two new weapon classes, shields and gunblades. Shields are blunt weapons that can be used to block enemy attacks, and gunblades are one-handed swords that also carry a gun barrel, allowing for long range and short range interchangeability by holding the Left Trigger button. Most equipment can be upgraded through various means. Items called grinders can further improve a weapon or armor's effectiveness. In addition, weapons can be upgraded with elements, allowing them special on-hit effects or additional damage, and "Photon Fortification," which increases a weapon's effectiveness against a hostile classification of the player's choosing. Characters can be further specialized by using materials, items that permanently increase a base stat.
Development.
The decision to develop "Phantasy Star 0" for the Nintendo DS was made to expand the appeal of the series to younger gamers. The word "Zero" was affixed to the title to represent "a new start for the series" and separate itself from the main series games in favor of the Nintendo GameCube games. Artist Toshiyuki Kubooka, made famous by his work on the "Lunar" series and "Giant Robo" anime, designed the game's characters with an "uplifting" aesthetic. The game was exhibited at Tokyo Game Show (TGS) 2008 as part of Sega's lineup of new DS games.
DSiWare version.
A smaller version of the game, "Phantasy Star 0 Mini", was released for the Nintendo DSiWare service on March 25, 2009. Sega has also mentioned the possibility of a new Nintendo DSi-exclusive downloadable stage for the game, possibly one from the original "Phantasy Star Online". A poll for players to pick their favorite classic stage will be held on Sega of Japan's website at a later date.
News has yet to be announced for a release on the USA version of this download but it has been in development for some time.
Reception.
"Phantasy Star 0" received 33 out of 40 from "Famitsu" magazine, which praised the game's controls, game play, and online mode, noting "it really feels like an online game in the palm of your hand." The publication criticized the game's "softness of the sound." "Nintendo Power" gave the game 8 out of 10 with good remarks towards the game, but heavily criticized the menu setup and the loss to change weapons during gameplay. "Phantasy Star 0" sold approximately 84,055 copies during its debut week in Japan. Phantasy Star 0 has a Metacritic score of 71 out of 100 based on 33 reviews, ranging from a score of 94 out of 100 by Cheat Code Central, to a score of 33 out of 100 from The A.V. Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19258397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258397" title="The Amity Affliction">
The Amity Affliction

The Amity Affliction is an Australian post-hardcore/metalcore band from Gympie, Queensland formed in 2003. The band's current line-up consists of Troy Brady (Lead Guitar), Ahren Stringer (Bass Guitar, Vocals), Joel Birch (Vocals), Ryan Burt (Drums, Percussion) and Dan Brown (Rhythm Guitar). The Amity Affliction have released three studio albums, "Severed Ties", released in 2008, "Youngbloods" in 2010 which debuted at number 6 on the ARIA Charts, and "Chasing Ghosts" in 2012 which debuted at number 1 on the ARIA charts.
History.
"Formation and early releases" (2003–08).
The Amity Affliction formed in Gympie, a South-East Queensland town by friends Ahren Stringer and Troy Brady in their final year of high school. The band was named for a close friend of the band, who died in a car accident at the age of 17. 'Amity' referred to the friendship and 'Affliction' was to indicate the struggle which dealing with the death caused the band members.
Whilst still at High School, the band spent many times playing at school concerts and lunch breaks.
In 2004, the Amity Affliction released a three track self-titled demo. At the time there were four members with former members Garth Buchanan on bass and Lachlan Faulkner on Drums.
In late 2004, vocalist Joel Birch joined the band. Following, mid-2005, the Amity Affliction released their debut self-titled EP. After the release of the EP they toured the East Coast on their 2005 East Coast Tour.
In 2007, there was a line up change when Lachlan Faulkner quit and Garth Buchanan left to join Behind Crimson Eyes. Lachlan Faulkner later joined Saint Lucia. They then hired drummer, Troels Thomasson, Chris Burt on Guitar (originally on Bass), Ahren Stringer now on bass and the addition of a keyboardist, Trad Nathan. The Amity Affliction released a new five track EP entitled "High Hopes" which was named for the house in which "The Amityville Horror" took place. The first pressing came in a CD/DVD package. The DVD featured the band discussing the recording of the EP, it also featured the band on the road and performing.
"Severed Ties" (2008–2010).
The band released their debut studio album in 2008, entitled "Severed Ties". The album spent a week on the Australian Albums Chart at number 26.
It is the first album to feature Chris Burts' brother Ryan Burt on drums. The album features guest vocals from Michael Crafter of I Killed the Prom Queen/Confession, Matthew Wright of The Getaway Plan, JJ Peters of I Killed the Prom Queen/Deez Nuts/Grips 'N' Tonic, Helmet Roberts and Lochlan Watt (Nuclear Summer). A music video was released for the song Fruity Lexia. The Amity Affliction played numerous shows across Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth.
During May 2009, they supported The Getaway Plan along with Perth band Elora Danan, on the Getaway Plan's national Finale Tour.
The Amity Affliction undertook a headlining tour across Australia in 2009. They also played the 2009 Stairway to Hell Tour across Australia with support from UK band We Are the Ocean and Melbourne band Hopeless, with a local support band for each city. The Amity Affliction then went to the UK for a full tour supporting We Are the Ocean alongside Flood of Red and All Forgotten.
"Youngbloods" and "Glory Days" (2010–2011).
In late 2009 The Amity Affliction parted ways with guitarist Christopher Burt. The decision was mutual and had been planned for some time. His last show was in London in December 2009. While all the members are still good friends with Chris, the decision was made in the best interest of the band musically. Chris now plays guitar and sings in Brisbane based band www.facebook.com/SENSAII SENSaii. Afterwards, Clint Ellis (Splattering) from The Getaway Plan took his place.
In April 2010 the band flew out to New York to record their second full-length record with producer Machine. On 10 May, the band uploaded a new song from this album, "I Hate Hartley" on their MySpace and the song was later available for free download.
On a pushed-forward date on 18 June as announced on their website (originally 25 June 2010) the band released their second studio album "Youngbloods" on Boomtown and Shock Records. It debuted at number 6 on the ARIA charts. The Amity Affliction went on tour in July to support the release of their second album. Joining them was Misery Signals, fellow Australians Confession and Scottish band Flood of Red. They toured Western Australia a few weeks later, joined by local band Break Even.
In October the band announced they would be releasing "Glory Days", which would be a compilation of old demos and the first two EPs as well as two B-sides from "Youngbloods". "Glory Days" was released on 26 November. They currently have most of this album as their live set rotation on tour. They then announced a UK tour with Asking Alexandria and one following with long-time friends Deez Nuts, Endwell and Louie Knuxx.
In the autumn of 2010 The Amity Affliction had their first American interview with alternative scene magazine "Substream Music Press" for its 22nd issue, just after signing to The Artery Foundation. The band found out they would be performing at the next Soundwave festival during the actual interview for the article.
On 30 May 2011, the band released their second music video from "Youngbloods"; following the music video for "I Hate Hartley", the new music video for the song "Youngbloods" was released exclusively on Guvera.com.
In late 2011 the band embarked on their headline nation wide tour," Fuck the Reaper", with supporting acts Asking Alexandria, Skyway and a local band in each city.
"Chasing Ghosts" (2012–Present).
During the 17 September 2011 show in Townsville, Queensland, Vocalist Joel Birch announced that they were planning to head over to America early 2012 to record their third album.
Then again on 22 September 2011 Ahren stated in an interview with Alt Music Hub that the band plan to begin recording their new album in March/April 2012.
On 8 February 2012 is was announced that The Amity Affliction had been signed to Roadrunner Records for their next album and future.
On 7 May 2012, the band headed over to Orlando, Florida to start recording their third album with producer Michael Baskette.
On 7 June 2012 it was announced the band's 3rd album would be titled "Chasing Ghosts" and was set to be released on 7 September 2012 in Australia, 17 September for the UK, and 18 September for the US.
Shortly after the announcement of the "Chasing Ghosts" album the album's cover was revealed causing much controversy among social media and fans. The album's cover depicted a man hanging from a tree who is thought to had committed suicide, obviously controversy erupted due to the graphic image. The situation was very ironic due to the main message behind the album being anti-suicide and urging fans who feel suicidal to turn to people close to them and seeking help rather than taking their own life.
It was revealed in a news article and magazine cover posted on 13/14 August that guitarist Imran Siddiqi would no longer be a part of the band. Furthermore, Siddiqi then did not appear in the video clip for the single "Chasing Ghosts" released on 15 August. A fill in guitarist will play their album tour and U.S tour in late 2012. No plans for a permanent guitarist have been decided on.
After the release of "Chasing Ghosts", the band had an Australian nation wide tour in September–October promoting their new album with supporting acts The Ghost Inside, Architects and Buried In Verona.
It was announced by Joel Birch on 24 March 2013 that Dan Brown was the new guitarist. Although he did not appear on the "Open Letter" music video.
In 2013 The Amity Affliction was part of Warped Tour in the United States with Chad Hasty (Glass Cloud) on drums, percussion due to Ryan Burt severely damaging his cornea during a set in Portland, Oregon. Slight controversy sparked during the tour with The Amity Affliction and Memphis May Fire, when in the middle of a set Joel Birch called out the frontman of Memphis, Matty Mullins, on supposed sexist comments that had been made to female attendance at Warped. The frontman then went on to continue his rant talking about racist taunts that had been made towards the band's replacement drummer/percussionist for the tour, Chad Hasty.
Later in the tour vocalist Joel Birch was also unable to tour briefly due to dehydration, forcing the band to cancel their set in Pittsburgh. Fortunately the band's next show in Cleveland was played due to the help of Sam Carter (Architects), Jason Aalon Butler (Letlive.) and Chris Roetter (Like Moths To Flames) sharing the stage as replacement vocals for Joel. All shows after this were played with Joel back on vocals after his recovery.
Later in 2013 the band goes on to play the," Brothers In Arms" tour across Europe and Australia with support acts Landscapes and In Hearts Wake for the European portion and Chelsea Grin, Stick To Your Guns and In Hearts Wake for the Australian segment. The band are now in studio working on their fourth album which is expected for release late 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19258411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258411" title="Novelty Theatre">
Novelty Theatre

The Novelty Theatre (later renamed the Great Queen Street Theatre from 1900 to 1907, and the Kingsway Theatre from 1907 to 1941) was a London theatre. It opened in 1882 in Great Queen Street and was accessed off Little Queen Street until 1905, and from the new Kingsway road from 1905 onwards. It hosted the London premiere of "A Doll's House" in 1889. The theatre closed in 1941 and was demolished in 1959.
History.
The first theatre on the site was built to designs by Thomas Verity with decorations by E. W. Bradwell, and opened on 9 December 1882. Its first show was the comic opera "Melita or the Parsee's Daughter", composed by Henry Pontet, with a libretto by Juba Kennerley. It hosted, among other notable works, a revival of "Les Cloches de Corneville" and "Ascot", by Percy Fendall, in 1883. Edward Solomon and James Mortimer's "Polly or The Pet of the Regiment" played at the theatre in 1884. "The Blue Bells of Scotland", by Robert Williams Buchanan, premiered at the theatre in 1887, followed by James Mortimer's "The Alderman" and Fred Marsden's "Bob", both in 1888. The Russian National Opera Company produced "The Demon" at the Novelty in 1888, and the theatre hosted the London premiere of Henrik Ibsen's "A Doll's House" in 1889. In August 1896, Wilfred Moritz Franks accidentally stabbed Temple E. Crozier fatally onstage during a performance of Frank Harvey's melodrama, "Sins of the Night". "The Merchant of Venice" was presented at the theatre in 1897.
Its interior was rebuilt in 1898-1900 and 1907, reopening after the two reconstructions as the Great Queen Street Theatre (1900–1907) and Kingsway Theatre (1907–1941) respectively. From 1900 to 1907, W. S. Penley managed the theatre, producing and starring in "A Little Ray of Sunshine" and revivals of "The Private Secretary" and "Charley's Aunt" in 1900. It also featured the 1915 premiere of Pearn and Elgar's "The Starlight Express" and the London premiere of the musical "Oh, Boy!" in 1919, which ran for 167 performances. 
In 1939 it hosted the premiere of Rutland Boughton's third symphony and finally closed on 11 May 1941. It was heavily bomb-damaged during the Blitz and remained closed until its demolition in 1959. Its site is now occupied by an extension of Newton Street into Great Queen Street, and an office block.

</doc>
<doc id="19258415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258415" title="Paralympic swimming">
Paralympic swimming

Paralympic swimming is an adaptation of the sport of swimming for athletes with disabilities. Paralympic swimming is contested not only at the Summer Paralympic Games, but at disabled sports competitions throughout the world. The sport is governed by the International Paralympic Committee, hence the name of "Paralympic" swimming.
Rules for the sport are adapted from those set forth by the International Swimming Federation (FINA). The majority of rules for Paralympic swimming are the same as those for able-bodied competitions. Significant differences include the starting position and adaptations allowed for visually impaired swimmers. Competitors may start a race by standing on a platform and diving into the pool, as in able-bodied swimming, or by sitting on the platform and diving in, or they may start the race in the water. In events for the blind and visually impaired, people called "tappers" stand at the end of the pool and use a pole to tap the swimmers when they approach the wall, indicating when the swimmer should turn or end the race. Competitors in these events are required to wear blackened goggles, so that partially sighted swimmers compete at an even level with those who are totally blind.
Classification.
Swimmers are classified according to the type and extent of their disability. The classification system allows swimmers to compete against others with a similar level of function.
Swimmers with physical disabilities are allocated a category between 1 and 10, with 1 corresponding to the most severe types of disability. Physical disabilities of Paralympic swimmers include single or multiple limb loss (through birth defects and/or amputation), cerebral palsy, spinal cord injuries (leading to paralysis or disability in limb coordination), dwarfism, and disabilities which impair the use of joints.
Blind and visually impaired swimmers compete within separate categories, being allocated to categories 11, 12 or 13. Category 11 corresponds to totally blind swimmers, while competitors in category 13 have severe but not total visual impairment.
Swimmers with mental disabilities compete in category 14.
Numbers are combined with a letter prefix depending on the event type. An "S" prefix corresponds to freestyle, backstroke and butterfly, while "SB" corresponds to breaststroke and "SM" to the medley. Hence, a swimmer with severe physical disabilities competing in backstroke may compete in an S3 event, while a blind swimmer in the medley would compete in class SM11.

</doc>
<doc id="19258420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258420" title="Michael Vyner">
Michael Vyner

Michael Vyner (1943 - 20 October 1989) was an English arts administrator.
Formerly employed by the music publishers Schott Music, he was Musical Director of the London Sinfonietta from 1972 until his death in 1989.
Vyner's death occasioned a range of musical tributes from some of the major composers of the day, including Hans Werner Henze ("Requiem"), Luciano Berio ("Leaf", for piano), Harrison Birtwistle ("Ritual Fragment"), Toru Takemitsu ("Litany - In Memory of Michael Vyner" and "My Way of Life - In Memory of Michael Vyner -"), Peter Maxwell Davies ("Threnody on a Plainsong for Michael Vyner") and Henryk Górecki ("Good Night, In Memoriam Michael Vyner").
From 1990 to 2004 there was a Michael Vyner Trust, established to assist young composers and commission new works. Michael Vyner's papers are held by the British Library.

</doc>
<doc id="19258428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258428" title="SS Tregenna">
SS Tregenna

The SS "Tregenna" was a steamship built by Wm. Gray and Company Ltd. for Edward Hain & Son of St Ives, England. Originally named the "War Bulldog", she was renamed before completion in 1919.
On 17 September 1940, the SS "Tregenna" was sunk by while travelling in convoy north-west of Rockall. Thirty-three of the 37 crew aboard were killed, including the Master, William Thomas Care. She was "en route" from Halifax to Newport, England carrying of steel. The four survivors were rescued by the ship travelling astern of her in the convoy.

</doc>
<doc id="19258441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258441" title="Mambele">
Mambele

Mambele may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19258445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258445" title="Assassinio nella cattedrale">
Assassinio nella cattedrale

Assassinio nella cattedrale ("Murder in the Cathedral") is an opera in two acts and an intermezzo by the Italian composer Ildebrando Pizzetti. The libretto is an adaptation by the composer of an Italian translation of T.S. Eliot's play "Murder in the Cathedral". The opera was first performed at La Scala, Milan on 1 March 1958. The opera was performed for the first time in Canada the following year at the Montreal Festivals.
Recordings.
Key: aacond/corifea 1/corifea 2/araldo/tentatore 1/tentatore 2/becket

</doc>
<doc id="19258449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258449" title="Harry Goslin">
Harry Goslin

Henry Goslin MC, (9 November 1909 – December 1943), better known as Harry Goslin, was an English footballer who played for Bolton Wanderers for the whole of his professional career. He played in defence. 
Born in Willington, he was signed from Nottingham amateur football team Boots Athletic in 1930 for the fee of £25. His debut was inauspicious, playing in the 7–2 defeat by Liverpool. He suffered both relegation and promotion with the club, and in 1936 was made captain of the team by manager Charles Foweraker. In total he played 306 games for the club, scoring 23 times.
On 8 April 1939, with World War II seemingly inevitable, Goslin stood in front of a microphone in the middle of Burnden Park and told the assembled crowd that after the game the Bolton team would make their way to the local Territorial Army hall to sign up. When Germany invaded Poland, the cessation of official football games was immediate but local games were allowed and, subject to leave, Goslin played in four games for Bolton as well as guesting for Chelsea and Norwich City when posted temporarily in the south of England and East Anglia. He was also selected for an unofficial international for England against Scotland.
The majority of the team were posted to the 53rd (Bolton) Field Regiment and Goslin, now promoted to sergeant, and the other players saw action in France leading up to the withdrawals at Dunkirk. Back in England Goslin was promoted to Lieutenant for his actions in the withdrawal. The regiment were sent to East Anglia to patrol potential enemy landing sites and Goslin was again selected for England, again to play Scotland, twice, as well as Wales.
In the summer of 1942 the regiment set sail for Egypt and took part in the defence of Alam el Halfa. With victory in the campaign, the regiment were sent to Kirkurk and then Kifri, where various members of the Bolton team, including Goslin, played for the British Army against the Polish Army in a 4–2 victory.
The 53rd Regiment then joined in the invasion of Italy, making their way from Taranto to Foggia without much trouble. They then took part in the battle to take control of the River Sangro crossing. Fighting took place for over a month and a number of Goslin's fellow Bolton players were removed. On 14 December 1943, a mortar bomb exploded in the tree under which Goslin had made his observation point. He was hit in the back by shrapnel and wood and mortally wounded although he fought for life for a few more days. He left a wife and two children, one of whom, his son Bob, became a senior figure in the Bolton police as well as in South Yorkshire and Cambridgeshire. He died in August 2008.
As a mark of respect, the Bolton players lined up before the centre stand of Burnden Park for a minute's silence and wearing black armbands before their New Year's Day War League game. Goslin was the only member of the Bolton team to die during the war and is buried at the Sangro River War Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19258461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258461" title="Groupe du musée de l'Homme">
Groupe du musée de l'Homme

The "Groupe du musée de l'Homme" (French: group of the museum of man) was a movement in the French resistance to the Nazi occupation during the Second World War.
In July 1940 (ie after the Appeal of 18 June of General Charles de Gaulle) a resistance group was created by intellectuals and academic led by Anatole Lewitsky and Boris Vildé along with Paul Hauet. They were not Gaullistes, indeed given that they were prisoners of war (Vildé escaped on the 5th July, Lewitsky was freed in August) it is highly improbable that they had heard de Gaulle's broadcast, but once the Gaullist propaganda with its proffered escape from dishonour took hold the group fell in with it - Germaine Trillon: "I do not remember from what date we started to call ourselves Gaullistes - it was not at the beginning at any rate. But we did consider General de Gaulle to be right, or at least to be a man who thought as we did. But we knew nothing about him.". They were joined by other groups in September. Raymond Burgard, René Iché, Claude Aveline, Marcel Abraham, Jean Cassou (who launched the newspaper "Résistance"), René-Yves Creston, Germaine Tillion and her mother Émilie Tillion were also part of the network.
To avoid their meetings attracting the attention of the Germans and the French police, they set up a "literary society", "Les amis d'Alain-Fournier" (Friends of Alain-Fournier).

</doc>
<doc id="19258472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258472" title="Norwegian national road">
Norwegian national road

Norwegian national road (Norwegian: Riksvei/Riksveg abbr. Rv; literally: road of the rike/realm), are roads thus categorized by the Norwegian Public Roads Administration (Statens vegvesen) which also maintains them. In 2007 there were 27,343 km of this class of Norwegian roads, which constituted 29.4% of public roads in Norway.
From 2010, after an administrative reform, most of the national roads were transferred to the counties. 17,200 km of national roads were transferred along with an annual compensation of 6.9 billion NOK for maintenance. So as of January 1, 2010 there were 10,451 km of national roads left.
The national roads are selected by the criteria of being important for long-distance travel. Also some roads connecting to airports are included.
All national roads have an asphalt concrete cover. Exceptions are some former national roads that have been given special status or protection. The "gravel roads package" was a governmental plan which saw to it that all national roads that hadn't been given special value in the Norwegian national protection plan for roads, bridges and road-related cultural heritage objects (Nasjonal verneplan for veger, bruer og vegrelaterte kulturminner) received asphalt covering. National road 716 (usually labelled "Rv 716", "Rv" is the official abbreviation for "Riksvei/Riksveg") between Bergli and Valen in Frøya, Sør-Trøndelag was the last regular stretch of national road with a gravel coating. The last two remaining kilometeres were asphalted on December 17, 2003 with participation by among others Minister of Transport and Communications Torild Skogsholm.
Norwegian national roads that are being maintained as gravel roads according to the protection plan are road 252 (Tyin–Eidsbugarden), road 258 (Grotli-Ospeli bru) and road 886 (Bjørnstad–Jacobselv). All these roads have after the reform been converted to county roads.
The national roads are divided into two categories: European routes and other national roads. The route signs for the European routes have an "E" preceding the national road number and the sign is green with white script. Other national roads are also designated using green signs.
The organization of national, county and village roads (later municipal roads) was introduced in 1931. Starting in 1912 the roads had been divided into main roads ("hovedveier") and village roads ("bygdeveier").

</doc>
<doc id="19258487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258487" title="Lewis Wogan">
Lewis Wogan

Lewis Wogan (c.1649 – 1702) was one of the Wogans of Boulston, in Pembrokeshire, Wales. He was the son of Abraham Wogan, who was High Sheriff of Pembrokeshire in 1648. Lewis Wogan, who studied at Jesus College, Oxford for a time after 1665, was himself High Sheriff of Pembrokeshire in 1672.

</doc>
<doc id="19258514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258514" title="Al-Busayrah">
Al-Busayrah

Al-Busayrah () is a town in eastern Syria, administratively part of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The town is located, at the confluence of the Euphrates and Khabur Rivers, southeast of Deir ez-Zor. Nearby localities include Muhassan to the northwest and al-Asharah, Mayadin and Hajin to the southeast. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), al-Busayrah had a population of 6,199 in the 2004 census. The town was known by its Latin name, Circesium, under the Romans.

</doc>
<doc id="19258521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258521" title="Bar (river)">
Bar (river)

The Bar is a river in the Ardennes department, northern France, left tributary of the river Meuse. Its source is near Buzancy, in the southern part of the Ardennes department. It flows through Brieulles-sur-Bar, Tannay, Chémery-sur-Bar and Cheveuges. It flows into the Meuse in Vrigne-Meuse, west of Sedan. For much of its length the river flows parallel to the Canal des Ardennes.

</doc>
<doc id="19258530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258530" title="Dmitrii Kokarev">
Dmitrii Kokarev

Dmitry Kokarev (born February 11, 1991 in Nizhny Novgorod) is a Russian swimmer.
He represented Russia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, winning two gold medals in the 200 metre freestyle and 100 metre freestyle events. Kokarev competes in the S2 disability category, for athletes with severe disabilities. He set a world record in the S2 freestyle, with a time of 4:45.43. His time in the event was 2:19.39.

</doc>
<doc id="19258550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258550" title="Philip St. George Cocke">
Philip St. George Cocke

Philip St. George Cocke (April 17, 1809 – December 26, 1861) was a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the first year of the American Civil War. He is best known for organizing the defense of Virginia along the Potomac River soon after the state's secession from the Union. He commanded troops in the Battle of Blackburn's Ford and the First Battle of Bull Run (First Manassas) in July 1861 before becoming despondent and committing suicide.
Early life and career.
Philip St. George Cocke was born at Bremo Bluff in Fluvanna County, Virginia. His father, John Hartwell Cocke, had been an officer in the United States Army during the War of 1812. 
Cocke graduated from the University of Virginia in 1828 and then from the United States Military Academy in 1832 with the rank of brevet second lieutenant. He was soon assigned as second lieutenant to an artillery unit in Charleston, South Carolina. He served there during 1832 and 1833, becoming adjutant of the 2nd U.S. Artillery on July 13, 1833. 
On April 1, 1834, Cocke resigned from the military and became a cotton planter in Powhatan County, Virginia and in Mississippi. He married Sallie Elizabeth Courtney Bowdoin on June 4, 1834. 
Cocke became an accomplished agriculturist, publishing frequent articles in journals, as well as a book on plantation management entitled "Plantation and Farm Instruction" in 1852. From 1853 to 1856, Cocke was president of the Virginia State Agricultural Society. In 1859, concerned by John Brown's Raid on Harpers Ferry, he organized a militia infantry company known as the Powhatan Troop to help defend Powhatan County in case of a similar action or a slave revolt in the future.
Civil War service.
Organization of Virginia's defenses.
On April 21, 1861, Cocke was appointed as a brigadier general in the service of the Commonwealth of Virginia by Governor John Letcher. He was assigned command of all state forces along the Potomac River. Three days later, from his headquarters at Alexandria, Virginia, he reported to newly commissioned Maj. Gen. Robert E. Lee (assigned on April 22 to the command of all Virginia forces) that he had only 300 men to defend against what he thought was 10,000 Union troops across the river in Washington, D.C. Cocke made his headquarters at Culpeper, Virginia, on April 27, in order to better oversee the entire line of the Potomac as well as the mustering of volunteer troops in a large part of the state. Alexandria was evacuated by Lt. Col. A. S. Taylor on May 5, despite Cocke's orders "not to abandon it without fighting, even against overwhelming numbers." 
Under Lee's orders, Cocke organized a new defensive line at Manassas. Cocke may have been the first to formulate the Confederate defensive strategy of concentrating forces at Manassas and at Winchester in the Shenandoah Valley, and using the Manassas Gap Railroad to allow them to be mutually supporting. This strategy would be a decisive factor in the Confederate victory in the First Battle of Bull Run.
When Virginia's state forces were consolidated with the Provisional Army of the Confederate States, Cocke was given the rank of colonel in the new CSA forces. Because of this effective demotion, Cocke was superseded in command at Manassas on May 21 by Brig. Gen. Milledge L. Bonham.
First Bull Run Campaign.
Cocke was eventually assigned to the army of P. G. T. Beauregard in command of the 5th Brigade, consisting of the 8th, 18th, 19th, 28th, and 49th Virginia Infantry regiments. His brigade was initially assigned to Centreville, but in the face of advancing Union forces, withdrew behind Bull Run on July 17.
He was officially thanked by Beauregard for his ability shown in strategic movements at the Battle of Blackburn's Ford.
On July 20 Cocke was stationed at Ball's Ford on Bull Run. In the subsequent First Battle of Bull Run on July 21, 1861, Cocke was assigned to advance against Centreville, a plan abandoned when the Federals began their flanking movement against the Confederate left. While Col. Nathan George Evans, reinforced by Brig. Gen. Barnard Bee and Col. Francis S. Bartow, opposed the enemy, Cocke's forces defended against attack in the vicinity of the Stone Bridge, with his headquarters at the Lewis house. At 2 p.m., about an hour before the arrival of Elzey, he led his brigade into action on the left with "alacrity and effect." He was promoted to brigadier general in the Confederate Army on October 21 and given command of the 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division of the Confederate Army of the Potomac.
Death.
First Bull Run was Cocke's last battle. After eight months' service, during which he was promoted to brigadier general in the provisional Confederate army, he returned home, "shattered in body and mind." Exhausted from the strain, and despondent over perceived slights from General Beauregard stemming from the Battle of Manassas, Cocke shot himself in the head on December 26, 1861, at his mansion, "Belmead", in Powhatan County, Virginia. He was initially buried on the plantation grounds, but he was re-interred in 1904 at Hollywood Cemetery, Richmond, Virginia.
Family.
Philip St. George Cocke was the son of John Hartwell Cocke (b. September 19, 1780 in Surry County, Virginia) and Anne Blaws Barraud (b. December 25, 1784, in Norfolk, Virginia.) 
He married Sallie Elizabeth Courtney Bowdoin (b. May 9, 1815) at Christ Church in Norfolk, Virginia, on June 4, 1834. The couple had 11 children:

</doc>
<doc id="19258553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258553" title="Revenue Equalization Reserve Fund">
Revenue Equalization Reserve Fund

The Revenue Equalization Reserve Fund (RERF) is the sovereign wealth fund of the Pacific island republic of Kiribati. 
The RERF was created in 1956 to act as a store of wealth for the country's earnings from phosphate mining, which at one time accounted for 50% of government revenue.
In 2009 the RERF was valued at A$570.5 million. The RERF assets declined from A$637 million (420 percent of GDP) in 2007 to A$570.5 million (350 percent of GDP) in 2009. As the result of the Global Financial Crisis (GFC) the RERF was exposure to failed Icelandic banks, as well drawdowns were made by the government of Kiribati to finance budgetary shortfalls.

</doc>
<doc id="19258567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258567" title="Christian Wieczorek">
Christian Wieczorek

Christian Wieczorek (born December 9, 1985 in Bielefeld) is a German retired footballer who played as a Midfielder for FC Vaduz in the Swiss Super League.
Club career.
Wieczorek started his career at VfL Schildesche. In 1999 he joined Arminia Bielefeld's youth team. After 6 years, he left Arminia Bielefeld and moved to FC Vaduz and played 48 games, scoring 4 goals. In December 2008 his career finished, following injury (a cranial fracture the previous April).
Managerial career.
Wieczorek will begin to work as Head Coach in Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="19258571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258571" title="Ben McCrow">
Ben McCrow

Ben McCrow (born 1981 in London, UK) is the vocalist of British death metal act The Rotted.
He started his musical career in 1999 as front man of the band’s previous incarnation, Gorerotted and appears on every album released by the band. Along with guitarist and founding member Tim Carley, McCrow remains the only member of the band now serving in The Rotted.

</doc>
<doc id="19258608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258608" title="Yuri Osipyan">
Yuri Osipyan

Yuri Andreevich Osipyan (; February 15, 1931 – September 10, 2008) was a Soviet, Russian physicist who worked in the field of solid state physics. 
Osipyan was born in Moscow and graduated from Georgy Kurdyumov's class at Moscow Institute of Steel and Alloys in 1955. His first scientific work puLater, he summarized his interest in science: In late 1950s and 1960s Osipyan worked on the extended effects of interaction of electrons with solid matter and discovered the effect of optical excitation of plastic properties in semiconductors. Also in 1960s Osipyan released his theory of dislocations in semiconductor crystal structure.
In 1962 Osipyan became a cofounder and director of the Institute of Solid State Physics in Chernogolovka and remained at the head of the Institute until his death. Osipyan was elected full member of Russian Academy of Sciences at the age of 37, and vice-president of the Academy in 1988—2001. He chaired the Departments of Solid State physics at Moscow State University and Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology. 
In 1980s Osipyan and his Institute conducted microgravity experiments on board of Mir station. In 2000s Osipyan engaged in the studies of fullerens.
Throughout his lifetime Osipyan chaired numerous academic commissions, conferences and journal boards; in 2005 he was awarded Lomonosov Gold Medal of the Russian Academy. In a 2006 interview, Osipyan summarized his creed in science: "All my life I was mining for experimental data. I am an experimenter, although I was trained in theory. In the Soviet age, creative and (most important) "independent" work was possible only in science. May I say that my choice was based on a will for freedom and independence."

</doc>
<doc id="19258617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258617" title="New York State Route 3E">
New York State Route 3E

New York State Route 3E may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19258619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258619" title="New York State Route 3F">
New York State Route 3F

New York State Route 3F may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19258625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258625" title="Adam Alexander Dawson">
Adam Alexander Dawson

Adam Dawson (20 March 1913 – 29 January 2010) was a noted film editor. 
Adam Alexander Dawson was born at 33 Royal Terrace, Edinburgh, son of Alexander Bashall Dawson and Aileen Twentyman Smithers. He was a descendant of both the Dawson whisky family of St Magdalenes Distillery, Linlithgow, and the Gillon whisky family of Leith.
Dawson was educated at Edinburgh Academy, Stowe School, and The Queen's College, Oxford where he was President of the Oxford University Film Society. He joined the Royal Berkshire Regiment and from 1942 to 1946 he edited and produced many training films for the Army while in India. He subsequently worked for Nettlefold Studios and for the BBC as a Film Editor. While working for the BBC he edited a number of productions, including "Z-Cars", "Doctor Who" and "The Benny Hill Show", although he refused to have his name in the credits of the latter. Among his films are "Knight Without Armour" (1937), "The Conquest of the Air" (1940), "The Glass Mountain" (1949), "Mother Riley's New Venture" (1949), "Mister Drake's Duck" (1951), "A Place in the Country" (1967), "The World of Coppard" (1968), "The World His Challenge" (1967), "The Highland Jaunt" (1968) and the "Doctor Who" serial "Spearhead from Space" (1970).
He was married three times. His first marriage in 1942 to Nora Francisca Blackburne ended in a divorce in 1946 following Nora's affair with the director Jack Lee, whom she subsequently married. In December 1946 he married Elizabeth Grice, and in 1983 married Pamela Gwyneth Ward (née Owen-Williams).

</doc>
<doc id="19258626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258626" title="Dick Gibbs">
Dick Gibbs

Richard Horace Maconchie "Dick" Gibbs was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne University in the Victorian Football League.
He was educated at Caulfield Grammar School and at the University of Melbourne.
He enlisted during the First World War -- at the time he was a third-year medical student at Melbourne University—and was killed in his first clash with the enemy. He was posthumously awarded the Military Cross for leading his troops over a parapet, despite heavy German gunfire.

</doc>
<doc id="19258644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258644" title="Coalition combat operations in Afghanistan in 2008">
Coalition combat operations in Afghanistan in 2008

There are two "coalitions" operating in Afghanistan, one of which has a strict basis in international law. The "US-led coalition", identified by the press, refers to Operation Enduring Freedom, mostly special forces, air and naval forces, within a strictly US chain of command, exercising over a wide international geographic area, the US right to "self defence" accorded by the UN charter. The "NATO-led coalition", identified by the press, refers to the forces of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) led by NATO, with a specific United Nations Security Council mandate within Afghanistan, including most of the US forces in Afghanistan, NATO contingents and some non-NATO forces. (Note that in many articles within Wikipedia and elsewhere, this distinction is confused).
United States and NATO International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) operations, alongside Afghan National Army forces, continued against the Taliban through 2008.
On April 27, President Karzai escaped another attempt on his life: gunmen opened fire during a military parade celebrating the nation's victory and liberation from the eight-year occupation of the Soviet Union. The firefight lasted about a quarter of an hour, with 3 dead and over 10 wounded.
As of September 11, 2008 has been the deadliest year for US forces since the start of the war with 113 deaths. Early September also marked the first time the war spilled over on to Pakistani territory. The year was also the deadliest for several European countries in Afghanistan.
Events in May.
By the end of December 2007, the situation on the ground in Helmand province reached a stalemate. A de facto border was established east of Garmsir along the banks of the Helmand River that divided British-held from Taliban-held territory. The British were outnumbered by the larger Taliban force which was receiving reinforcements from Pakistan. However the British had jets and heavy artillery on their side. Both forces were fighting in the coming months for mere yards of territory.
In early April 2008, U.S. Marine reinforcements were sent to NATO forces in Helmand to help in the fight. After all of the troops arrived, Marines from the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU) started their operations with an attack on the Taliban-held town of Garmsir on April 29. The operation was in conjunction with British troops of the 16 Air Assault Brigade. They met almost no resistance, because the Taliban had already observed in the previous days the movements of the Marines before the operation and expected an assault so withdrew to take up positions a few kilometers outside the town. For the next few days there was no contact between the US Marines and the Taliban. But, on May 1, a Marine patrol tried to push further outside of the town and almost immediately were met with machine gun and rocket fire. The unit was pinned down against a dirt berm for several hours. Soon Marine and Taliban forces exchanged mortar fire. At the end of the day, no Marines were hurt or wounded. The Taliban casualty count was not known.
Fighting in Afghanistan was not limited to the south. In May, Norwegian and German led ISAF forces, alongside Afghan National Army troops, conducted Operation Karez, a military operation in Badghis province in the north of Afghanistan. It was the second time in half a year that Norwegian and German ISAF forces had participated in an offensive in Badghis province. Their objective was to eliminate the presence of Taliban insurgents who had regrouped in the area in the aftermath of Operation Harekate Yolo in late 2007. On May 23 the ISAF-led operations concluded on with no casualties among the ISAF soldiers nor the Afghan security forces. The given numbers of Taliban insurgent casualties in the operation vary, but were estimated between 13 and 15 killed in action.
Events in June.
In June 2008, British prime minister Gordon Brown announced the number of British troops serving in Afghanistan would increase to 8,030 - A rise of 230 personnel. The same month, however, the UK lost its 100th serviceman killed in the war since 2001, reflecting the nature of the ferocious fighting in Helmand.
On June 13, Taliban fighters demonstrated their ongoing strength, liberating all prisoners in an attack on Sarposa Prison, Kandahar. The well-planned operation freed 1200 prisoners, 400 of whom were Taliban prisoners-of-war, causing a major embarrassment for NATO in one of its operational centres in the country.
On June 19, NATO and Afghan troops responded to the Kandahar jail break by launching an anti-Taliban operation in order to drive out the Taliban insurgents who had seized Arghandab, Afghanistan, an agricultural valley just north of Kandahar. BBC news reports that troops backed by helicopter gunships patrolled areas west of the Arghandab River and that people living in Arghandab District fled the area "fearing fighting between troops and militants".
It was reported that a British helicopter killed a key Taliban leader called 'Sadiqullah' and up to ten members of his cell on 26 June 2008. They were said to be responsible for roadside bomb and suicide attacks against NATO and Afghan forces. The attack took place 10 kilometres north west of Kajaki in Helmand.
Battle of Wanat.
On July 13, 2008, a coordinated Taliban attack was launched on a remote NATO base at Wanat in the Kunar province. Approximately 200 militants began firing rockets and mortars from the nearby village, taking American ISAF forces by surprise. After causing serious damage to the integrity of the fortification, insurgents unsuccessfully attempted to storm the base. Although the militants briefly gained entry to a small forward observation post, the overall attack was repelled. In total 9 US and 4 Afghan National Army were killed, along with as many as 40 insurgents. 19 Americans and 4 Afghans were wounded, as well as 20-40 insurgents. The attack showed a step up in bold maneuvers on the part of the insurgency which usually fights on the defensive, following a bold prison assault in June. The US said 40 other militants were killed in Helmand province in separate operations. NATO forces announced that they have abandoned their outpost in the village.
Increased French involvement in Afghanistan.
France deployed combat aircraft in 2007 and 2008 (Rafale F2, Mirage 2000D and Super Etendards) and these aircraft saw increased action over Afghanistan. In August, French troops had been involved in increased fighting in the area of Sirobi some east of Kabul. France recently took over control of the Kabul regional command from the Italians, which includes Sirobi. Ten French troops were killed and a further 21 wounded in an ambush - the heaviest loss of troops France has suffered since deploying to Afghanistan in 2002 and the biggest single loss in 25 years. Taliban losses were unknown, possibly between 13-40 killed and 30 wounded (French and Afghan claims).
Later in the month, an airstrike which targeted a Taliban commander in Herat province killed 90 civilians.
Operation Eagle's Summit.
Late August saw one of the largest operations by NATO forces in Helmand province, with the aim bringing electricity to the region. A convoy of 100 vehicles took five days to move massive sections of an electric turbine for the Kajaki Dam, covering . The operation involved 2,000 British troops, 1,000 other NATO troops from Australia, Canada, Denmark and the US and 1,000 Afghan soldiers. The Canadians covered the first leg and the British took over at a meeting point in the desert, using 50 BVS10 Viking armoured vehicles to escort the convoy. Hundreds of special forces troops went in first, sweeping the area and although difficult to verify, British commanders estimated more than 200 insurgents were killed- without any losses or injuries to NATO soldiers. British, Dutch, French and US aircraft, helicopters and unmanned drones provided aerial reconnaissance and fire support.
Events in September.
On September 3, The war spilled over on to Pakistani territory for the first time when heavily armed commandos, believed to be US Army Special Forces, landed by helicopter and attacked three houses in a village close to a known Taliban and al-Qaida stronghold. The attack killed between seven and twenty people. According to local residents, most of the dead were civilians. Pakistan responded furiously, condemning the attack. The foreign ministry in Islamabad called the incursion "a gross violation of Pakistan's territory" and a "grave provocation" which, it said, had resulted in "immense" loss of civilian life. US-led and NATO forces said they had no reports of any troop incursion.
On September 6, in an apparent reaction to the recent cross-border attack, the federal government announced disconnection of supply lines to the allied forces stationed in Afghanistan through Pakistan for an indefinite period.
On September 11, Militants killed two U.S. troops in the eastern part of the country. This brought the total number of US losses to 113, surpassing the previous years total of 111, making 2008 the deadliest year for American troops in Afghanistan since the start of the war. The year was also the deadliest for several European countries in Afghanistan. 
On September 12, five civilians and seven militants were reported to have been killed during a US missile attack in north-west Pakistan, in what was reported by locals to be the 5th such attack in recent days. According to early reports, all of the dead were Taliban, killed by one missile. However, later reports found that missiles hit two buildings, the second in which three women and two children were killed. Military spokesman Maj Murad Khan confirmed the missile attack. 
An unnamed senior Pentagon official told the BBC that at some point within the past two months President George W. Bush issued a classified order to authorize US raids against militants in Pakistan. Pakistan however said it would not allow foreign forces onto its territory and that it would vigorously protect its sovereignty. According to the Pakistani Chief of Army Staff, Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, there was "no question of any agreement or understanding with the coalition forces whereby they are allowed to conduct operations on our side of the border". The recent cross-border strikes alarmed Pakistani military and government officials, who said it seriously undermined their counter-insurgency operations.
On September 25 a five-minute skirmish broke out between Pakistani and US forces on the Afghan-Pakistan border after Pakistani soldiers fired warning shots near two US helicopters, according to a senior US military official. No one was reported to be injured. The US claims it never crossed the border and Nato said the helicopters came under fire from a Pakistani checkpoint. However according to an official statement by Pakistan, commanders said troops fired warning shots at the helicopters when they strayed over the Pakistan border. The statement said the US helicopters were "well within Pakistani territory", and that prompted their forces to fire warning shots.
Coalition order of battle.
As of June 2008, ISAF was made up of about 53,000 personnel from 43 different countries, including the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, 39 Asian and European countries, and all 26 NATO partners.
Summary of major troop contributions (over 400, 6 October 2008):
Summary of coalition forces in Afghanistan in 2008.
Afghan National Army.
The Afghan National Army consisted of 76,000 troops in May 2008. In 2008 the army had six Corps. Five corps served as regional commands for the ANA: the 201st Corps based in Kabul, the 203rd Corps based in Gardez, the 205th Corps (Afghanistan) based in Kandahar, the 207th Corps in Herat, and the 209th Corps in Mazari Sharif. The final corps was the Afghan National Army Air Corps.
Australia.
Australian forces have been deployed alongside Dutch forces since 2006, the Australian contingent coming under Operation Slipper. Then-Prime Minister John Howard announced plans in April 2007 to deploy 300 special forces to support the Reconstruction Taskforce. In addition to radar crews, logistics and intelligence officers, and security personnel, this would bring the number of Australian forces in Afghanistan up to about 950 in mid-2007 and 1000 by mid-2008.
Denmark.
Roughly 640 Danish Defence Force personnel are deployed in Afghanistan from the Royal Danish Army. Almost all of them are engaged in the Helmand Province, a part of these located at Camp Bastion, the rest based in the vicinity of the Green Zone, near the town of Gereshk. Approximately 50 soldiers work along with civilian organizations.
Provincial Reconstruction Team (PRT) - Around 50 Danish soldiers in total are working in PRT teams Mazar E Sharif, Feyzabad and Chaghcharan.
France.
The 2,600 French ground forces in 2008 included troops from the 8th Marine Infantry Parachute Regiment, the 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment, the Régiment de marche du Tchad and Special Forces from the Commandement des Opérations Spéciales for Special Operations Command, including Navy, marine and air commandos.
Netherlands.
The Netherlands troop deployment in Afghanistan in 2008 averaged at 1,600, mostly based in Uruzgan province at southern Afghanistan. PzH 2000 self-propelled artillery pieces were also deployed and used in combat for the first time. One reinforced companygroup from A (Kings') company of 11 Grenadier & Ranger Guards Battalion of the 11th Air Assault Brigade served as the regional command South's reserve unit /QRF.
The Royal Netherlands Air Force support consisted of six F-16 close-air-support aircraft (stationed at Kandahar Air Field), three Chinook transport helicopters of 298 Squadron stationed at Kandahar Airfield and six AH-64 attack helicopters of 301 Squadron at Camp Holland in Tarin Kowt.
Norway.
The Norwegian forces in Afghanistan consisted of one mechanized company and one support squadron from the Telemark Bataljon, all serving with ISAF forces in northern Afghanistan.
United Kingdom.
8,530 British forces operate under 'Operation Herrick'.
Operation Herrick VII (October 2007-April 2008)
Operation Herrick VIII (April–October 2008)
Operation Herrick IX (October 2008-April 2009)
The air component of British forces assigned to Operation Herrick is based at Kandahar and comes under the overall command of 904 Expeditionary Air Wing.
United States.
The United States had 32,500 military personnel (of which 23,550 were with ISAF) in Afghanistan in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19258655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258655" title="The Dark Lady of the Sonnets">
The Dark Lady of the Sonnets

The Dark Lady of the Sonnets is a 1910 short play by George Bernard Shaw on William Shakespeare and the "Dark Lady" character in his sonnets.
The dark lady of the sonnets was based on a real life person. Sonnets 127 to 152 are addressed to a woman commonly known as the 'Dark Lady' because her hair is said to be black and her skin "dun". These sonnets are explicitly sexual in character, in contrast to those written to the 'Fair Youth'. It is implied that the speaker of the sonnets and the Lady had a passionate affair, but that she was unfaithful, perhaps with the 'Fair Youth'. The poet self-deprecatingly describes himself as balding and middle-aged at the time of writing.
Many attempts have been made to identify the "Dark Lady" with historical personalities, such as Mary Fitton or the poet Emilia Lanier, who was Rowse's favoured candidate, though neither lady fits the author's descriptions. She has also been identified with Elizabeth Wriothesley, Countess of Southampton.

</doc>
<doc id="19258662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258662" title="Michele Polverino">
Michele Polverino

Michele Polverino (born 26 September 1984) is a naturalized Liechtenstein football midfielder, who plays for Wolfsberger AC in the Austrian Football First League.

</doc>
<doc id="19258669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258669" title="Philippe Révillon">
Philippe Révillon

Philippe Révillon (born 1970 or 1971 in Angers) is a French swimmer.
Representing France at the Paralympic Games, and competing in S2 category for athletes with severe disabilities, he won a bronze medal in the men's 100 metre freestyle in 2000, followed by two bronze (100 m freestyle, 200 m freestyle) and a silver (50 m freestyle) in 2004.
Révillon works as a banker.

</doc>
<doc id="19258677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258677" title="James Holder">
James Holder

James (Jim) Holder (born 5 May 1986 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian speedway rider. He is the younger brother of 2012 Speedway World Champion and five times Australian Champion Chris Holder, and the older brother of another speedway rider, Jack Holder.
Career.
Holder began his career at the Isle of Wight Islanders in the Premier League. In 2009 he signed for the Newport Wasps after the Islanders quit the Premier League and dropped down a division. His older brother Chris Holder rides for the Poole Pirates in the British Elite League.
James started the 2010 season with the Stoke Potters, but after they let him go part way through the season he was immediately signed by the Somerset Rebels riding as reserve, initially as a 28 day injury cover. In 2011 he was named captain of the Rebels for the coming season. In the off season following the 2011 campaign Holder signed for the Plymouth Devils for the 2012 Premier League season.

</doc>
<doc id="19258694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258694" title="2008 Honda Grand Prix of St. Petersburg">
2008 Honda Grand Prix of St. Petersburg

The 2008 Honda Grand Prix of St. Petersburg was the second round of the 2008 IndyCar Series season and took place on April 6, 2008 at the temporary street and airport circuit on the streets of St. Petersburg, Florida. The race was a time-limited race due to rain, with the race falling some seventeen laps short of full race distance. The race was won by Graham Rahal on his IndyCar Series debut, having missed the first round at Homestead-Miami Speedway, due to a lack of spare parts for his #06 Newman/Haas/Lanigan Racing machine.
At 19 years, 93 days old, Rahal became the youngest driver ever to win an Indy-style race, as well as the youngest winner in IndyCar Series history breaking Marco Andretti's record of 19 years, 167 days from the 2006 IndyCar Series season. He also became the fourth driver to win an IndyCar Series race in his first start, joining Buzz Calkins, Juan Pablo Montoya and Scott Dixon.

</doc>
<doc id="19258702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258702" title="Yugoslav Ground Forces">
Yugoslav Ground Forces

The Yugoslav Ground Forces (Serbo-Croatian: "Kopnena Vojska" – KoV, Cyrillic script: Копнена Војска – КоВ) was the ground forces branch of the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) from 1 March 1945 until 20 May 1992 when it became the Ground Forces of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia under the threat of sanctions.
History.
The origins of JNA can be found in the Yugoslav Partisan units of World War II. As a part of the antifascist People's Liberation War of Yugoslavia, the People's Liberation Army of Yugoslavia (NOVJ), a predecessor of JNA, was formed on 22 December 1941 in the town of Rudo in Bosnia and Herzegovina. After the liberation of the country from the Axis Powers occupation, that date was officially celebrated as the "Day of the Army" in the SFR Yugoslavia.
In March 1945, the NOVJ was renamed the Yugoslav Army ("Jugoslovenska Armija") and finally on its 10th anniversary on 22 December 1951, received the adjective "People's" (i.e. "Narodna").
In September 1968 the Territorial Organization was formed to support the JNA and on 21 February 1974 TO units were subordinated to their provinces or republics. Thus the JNA and TO became equal parts of the Yugoslav Armed Forces (Oruzane Snage SFRJ).
IAW the 1974 Yugoslav Constitution the Land Forces were divided into six armies allocated to the five republics:
Plus the Coastal Naval District (Split) – formerly Fourth Army
Tensions between the JNA and the To became evident at the political situation in Yugoslavia deteriorated in the 1980s. The Federal government became concerned that Yugoslavia's constituent republics would use the TO to facilitate their secession from Yugoslavia and therefore disarmed the Kosovo TO of 130,000 members. In 1988 the JNA absorbed the entire TO with the Bosnian Serb General Blagoje Adzic becoming the JNA Chief of the Armed Forces General Staff.
In 1988 the armies were reorganized into Military Districts or Regions which no longer corresponded to internal borders thereby making it harder for the republics to control their own forces. Apart from the Proletarian Guard, a mechanized corps, the Land Forces infantry divisions were reorganized into 17 Corps each consisting of four to eight brigades.
1991 organization.
Once considered the third largest army in Europe and the sixth largest in the world with 600,000 active troops and 2.4 million reserves, in 1991 the ground forces were organized in four military regions. Which were:
In 1990 the army had nearly completed a major overhaul of its basic force structure. It eliminated its old divisional infantry organization and established the brigade as the largest operational unit. The army converted ten of twelve infantry divisions into twenty-nine tank, mechanized, and mountain infantry brigades with integral artillery, air defense, and anti-tank regiments. One airborne brigade was organized before 1990. The shift to brigade-level organization provided greater operational flexibility, maneuverability, and tactical initiative, and it reduced the possibility that large army units would be destroyed in setpiece engagements with an aggressor. The change created many senior field command positions that would develop relatively young and talented officers. The brigade structure also was more appropriate at a time of declining manpower.
Corps.
There were 17 Corps (both named and numbered), they consist of the following:
Each Corps contained the following:
During the course of the ten-year-long Yugoslav wars, corps were modified by being reinforced with extra units from out of theatre; battalions then became regiments and regiments became brigades. However many units were also disbanded when their non-Serbian/Montenegrin personnel deserted.
Personnel.
In the 1980s the land forces had about 600,000 active-duty soldiers (including 190,000 conscripts) and could mobilize over 2 million trained reservists in wartime. Most soldiers were of Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian or Montenegrin origin. Reserve forces were organized along republics' lines into Partisan Forces and Territorial Defence Forces and in wartime they were to be subordinate to JNA Supreme Command as an integral part of defence system. Territorial Defence (reserve force) was made up of former conscripts and they were occasionally called up for war exercises.
The ground forces were infantry, armour, artillery, and air defence, as well as signal, engineering and chemical defence corps.
Operations.
"See also: Yugoslav wars and Ten Day War"
The Ten-Day War.
During the Ten Day War the JNA performed abysmally as many of the Yugoslav soldiers did not realise they were taking part in a real military operation, rather an exercise, until they came under attack. The officer corps was dominated by Serbs and Montenegrins and in many cases ideologically committed to Yugoslav unity. The rank and file troops however were conscripts, many who had no strong motivation in fighting against the Slovenes. Of the soldiers of the 5th Military District, which was in action in Slovenia, in 1990 30% were Albanians, 20% Croats, 15 to 20% Serbs and Montenegrins, 10% Bosniaks, and 8% Slovenes. The JNA eventually lost nearly all of its Slovenian and Croat personnel, becoming an almost entirely Serbian and Montenegrian force. Its poor performance in Slovenia and later in Croatia discredited its leadership – Kadijević resigned as defence minister in January 1992, and Adžić was forced into medical retirement shortly afterwards. Due to the short duration (10 Days) and relatively low intensity of the war, casualties were low. According to Slovenian estimates, the JNA suffered 44 fatalities and 146 wounded, while 4,692 JNA soldiers and 252 federal police officers were captured by the Slovenian side. According to post-war assessments made by the JNA, its material losses amounted to 31 tanks, 22 armoured personnel carriers, 6 helicopters, 6,787 infantry weapons, 87 artillery pieces and 124 air defence weapons damaged, destroyed or confiscated. Property damage was fairly light, due to the scattered and short-term nature of the fighting.
Infantry.
The ground forces led in personnel. It had about 540,000 active-duty soldiers (including 120,000 conscripts) and could mobilize over a million trained reservists in wartime. Reserve forces were organized along republics' lines into Territorial Defence Forces and in wartime they were to be subordinate to JNA Supreme Command as an integral part of defence system. Territorial Defence (reserve force) was made up of former conscripts and they were occasionally called up for war exercises.
The ground forces were infantry, armour, artillery, and air defence, as well as signal, engineering and chemical defence corps.
Tank and armoured brigades.
Yugoslav tank brigades comprised two or three battalions each with 31 tanks in three ten tank companies. They operated 1614 Soviet T-54s and T-55s, 73 Soviet T-72s, 443 Yugoslav M-84s, and some United States-made M-47 tanks. The army's tanks were in many respects its most obsolete forces. The T-54/-55 was a frontline model during the 1960s. Domestic production of the M-84 (an improved version of the Soviet T-72 built under license in Yugoslavia) was providing the army with a late 1970s and 1980s model. The army also had a reserve of old T-34/85 and Sherman tanks from World War II.
The Yugoslav army had 955 M-80A IFVs and 551 M-60P armored personnel carriers produced domestically. The infantry also operated more than 200 Soviet-made BTR-152, BTR-40, and BTR-50 armored personnel carriers (APCs), which had been purchased in the 1960s and 1970s. It had 100 M-3A1 half-tracked personnel carriers produced by the United States and a small number of new Romanian TAB-72 (a variant of the BTR-60) armored personnel carriers. Armored reconnaissance vehicles included a few older Soviet BTR-40s, newer BRDM-2 and BTR-60 models, and domestic BOV and M-8 vehicles.
Artillery.
Yugoslav artillery regiments were well equipped with Soviet, U.S. and domestic systems. Soviet artillery in these units consisted of approximately 1,000 towed 122 mm howitzers, 130 mm guns, 152 mm gun/howitzers, and 155 mm howitzers. There were about 700 older United States 105 mm and 155 mm towed guns and domestically produced models such as the M-65 in the artillery regiments. Towed pieces were very important for operations in the country's mountainous terrain.
Artillery units operated Soviet 100 mm and 122 mm and Yugoslav-produced 105 mm M-7 self-propelled guns. Those units had over 8,000 82 mm and 120 mm mortars, including a self-propelled 82 mm mortar mounted on an M-60PB variant of the standard armored personnel carrier.
Yugoslav artillery units operated several battlefield missile systems including 160 128 mm YMRL-32 and M-63 multiple-rocket launchers. The arsenal included four launchers for Soviet FROG-7 surface-to-surface missiles. First fielded in 1967, the unguided FROG-7 had a range of 100 kilometers.
Anti-tank regiments.
Yugoslav anti-tank regiments had towed anti-tank guns, recoilless rifles, and Soviet anti-tank guided missiles. Antitank guns included 75 mm, 90 mm, and 100 mm models. They were Soviet produced with the exception of the 90 mm M-63B2, which was manufactured domestically.
The recoilless rifles were manufactured domestically and included 57 mm, 82 mm, and 105 mm models. Two self-propelled 82 mm recoilless rifles could be mounted on an M-60PB armored personnel carrier.
Anti-tank guided missiles were the Soviet AT-1 (NATO: "Snapper") and AT-3 (NATO: "Sagger"). They were used in both anti-tank and infantry units, but because of their early vintage, effectiveness against advanced armor was uncertain. The four wheeled BOV-1 armored reconnaissance vehicle could be equipped with six AT-3 launchers to serve as a highly mobile anti-tank platform.
Air defense.
Larger Yugoslav army units had considerable tactical air defense assets, designed to defend major troop concentrations against enemy air strikes. The ground forces had four surface-to-air missile regiments and eleven antiaircraft artillery regiments. The former operated large numbers of Soviet SA-6, SA-7, SA-9, SA-13, SA-14, SA-16 missiles. Short-range systems also were employed in infantry units.
Yugoslav antiaircraft artillery regiments operated over 5,000 guns. Self-propelled gun systems included the Soviet-made 57 mm dual ZSU-57-2 gun systems and the domestically produced triple 20 mm BOV-3s and dual 30 mm BOV-30s. Large numbers of towed antiaircraft guns of many calibers were in the inventory. Of both domestic and foreign origin, they included pieces purchased from the United States, Czechoslovakia, Switzerland, and Sweden.
Coastal defense.
The coastal artillery batteries had both surface-to-surface missiles and guns. They operated the Soviet-designed SS-C-3 and a truck-mounted, Yugoslav-produced Brom antiship missile which was essentially a Yugoslav variant of the Soviet SS-N-2. Coastal guns included over 400 85 mm, 88 mm, 122 mm, 130 mm, and 152 mm artillery pieces obtained from the Soviet Union, the United States, captured and refurbished WW2 German and Italian pieces, and Yugoslav manufacturers.
Rank and uniforms.
Rank.
According to the Army Law of 1 October 1982 the Land Forces had five categories of ranks; general officers, senior officers, junior officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and soldiers.
Enlisted.
The soldier and NCO ranks were private first class, corporal, junior sergeant, sergeant, sergeant first class, senior sergeant, senior sergeant first class, warrant officer, and warrant officer first class. Privates first class, corporals, and junior sergeants wore one, two, and three red chevrons, respectively, on a background of olive-green, blue-gray, or black—corresponding, respectively, to the ground forces, air force, or navy. In the land forces and air forces, sergeants, sergeants first class, senior sergeants, and senior sergeants first class wore single thin yellow-gold chevrons with one, two, three, and four yellow-gold stars, respectively. Warrant officers and warrant officers first class wore two yellow-gold chevrons with one and two gold stars respectively.
Officers.
Insignia for commissioned officers were worn on shoulder boards in olivegreen for the land forces. Shoulder boards were piped with single and double yellow-gold braid, respectively, for junior and senior officers. General officers wore shoulder boards piped with twisted gold cord.
Junior officer ranks were junior lieutenant, lieutenant, captain, and captain first class and their shoulder boards had one, two, three, and four small yellowgold stars, respectively.
Senior officer ranks were major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel and their shoulder boards bore one, two, or three large yellow-gold stars respectively.
General officer ranks were major general, lieutenant colonel general, colonel general, and army general. Army general officers wore a crossed sword and cannon and one, two, three, four and five gold stars.
General was rank created for federal secretary of people's defense in 1955 and it was abolished in 1974.
Tito was the only person to hold the rank of Marshal, and the position was abolished shortly after his death.
Uniforms.
Enlisted and NCO's.
Soldiers and NCOs were issued uniforms field and service uniforms, while NCOs were authorized a dress uniform. Military school cadets wore soldier's uniforms. Soldiers' winter and summer uniforms were made of light or heavy wool and cotton in olive-green. All soldiers wore neckties of the same colors except in summer, when the uniform shirt was worn with an open collar.
There were several variations on the basic soldier's uniform and women's uniforms were of the same style as those for men with a skirt being substituted for trousers. Paratroops wore an olive-green beret instead of the standard garrison or service cap.
Mountain troops wore distinctive stiff field caps with semi-rigid visors and earflaps. They wore loose winter shirts under which additional layers could be worn. The shirt itself had a lining and a collar that could be turned up to cover the neck and chin. The trousers worn by mountain troops extended just below the knee, with a strap and buckle closure. Leather leggings, heavy wool socks, and foul-weather capes also were worn by the mountain troops.
Several different patterns of camouflage uniforms were worn by select units.
Officers.
Officers had to buy their field, service, dress, and full dress uniforms. They wore insignia on the lapels of the field uniform shirts. The service uniform differed only in a few details from the basic dress uniform. The shirt buttons of the dress uniform were yellow-gold instead of the service color. The trousers, jackets, and overcoats were piped red along the seams. The dress cap visor showed the same piping as the officer's shoulder boards. The general officer's dress cap had a chin strap of twisted gold cord. Other officers wore plain plastic or leather chin straps. Full dress uniforms were blue and were worn with a yellow-gold sash belt lined with the appropriate service color. Cap emblems all included a red star with yellow-gold rays, given distinctive configurations according to branch. Airborne officers had the red star resting on a silver parachute against a blue background. Cap emblems for general officers showed the same gold wreath as the shoulder boards.

</doc>
<doc id="19258727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258727" title="Ian Greenberg">
Ian Greenberg

Ian Greenberg (born June 15, 1942) is the co-founder of Astral Media, Inc. and has been its President and Chief Executive Officer since 1996. 
Biography.
Ian Greenberg is a graduate of Harvard Business School's Advanced Management program (which is an intensive course that the student pays to enter). 
0
Harold Greenberg and his three brothers, Harvey Greenberg, Sidney Greenberg and Ian Greenberg, founded Astral Media, Inc. in 1961. 
After Harold's death, Ian Greenberg assumed control of the company and gradually transformed the company, which began as a photographic specialty business, into a pure-play media company (in the 1990s), focused on television, radio, out-of-home advertising and digital media properties.
Astral Media had over 2,800 employees in eight Canadian provinces. Under Greenberg’s direction, Astral Media had grown to operate 84 radio stations, 24 pay and specialty television channels and over 9,500 out-of-home advertising faces. The company also operated over 100 websites. 
Since he was assumed the position of President and CEO, the company has recorded 15 consecutive years of growth.
On March 16, 2012, Astral Media announced it had signed an agreement to sell the company to BCE, Inc (Bell Canada). On October 18, 2012 the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) denied BCE's bid to acquire Astral. 
Culture.
He is very involved in his community and actively supports Canadian culture as well as a large number of charitable associations. He and his brothers were awarded the Eleanor Roosevelt Humanities Award for their exceptional contributions to philanthropic endeavours in 1993
Ian Greenberg is a member of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives and a governor of the Sir Mortimer B. Davis Jewish General Hospital in Montreal. He is a member of the board of directors of Cineplex, Inc.
Marriage, children and family.
Mr. Greenberg lives in Montreal with his wife Linda. They have three children and nine grandchildren. He has many nieces and nephews.
Upon the founding of Astral, Harold Greenberg and his three brothers, including Ian, split a set of what has come to be known as "special shares" amongst themselves and subsequently their respective families (held by special holdings in each of their families names). These shares played a part in the 2012 denied takeover bid by Bell Media. [http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/why-the-bce-deal-is-still-ian-greenbergs-best-option/article4898511/].

</doc>
<doc id="19258729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258729" title="Arthur Hinman">
Arthur Hinman

Arthur G. Hinman (19 June 1890 – 10 May 1915) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The brother of Bill Hinman, he studied geology, and missed a match in 1911 because he was on an expedition. He was killed in Gallipoli in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="19258740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258740" title="Musa Qala River">
Musa Qala River

The Musa Qala is a river in Afghanistan. It is supporting the Helmand River and highly participates in the irrigation of arable lands of the district it is about 5 km crossing the district from east to west.

</doc>
<doc id="19258753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258753" title="Climate change in New Zealand">
Climate change in New Zealand

Climate change in New Zealand refers to change in the climate of New Zealand on the scale of years, decades, centuries and longer periods of time. In the sense of anthropogenic global warming during the 20th century, it is apparent in the instrumental record, in New Zealand's participation in international treaties, and in social and political debates. Climate change is being responded to in a variety of ways by civil society and the government of New Zealand. An emissions trading scheme has been established and from 1 July 2010, the energy and liquid fossil fuel sectors have obligations to report emissions and to obtain and surrender emissions units (carbon credits).
Science of climate change in New Zealand.
Instrumental records and effects.
Temperature.
Since instrumental measurements began in the late 19th century, New Zealand's average air temperatures have fluctuated substantially year to year, and a number of studies indicate that New Zealand's average temperature has increased.
A significant upward trend in national average air temperature was detected of 0.11°C per decade (for the period from 1896 to 1994) with a 95% confidence interval ± 0.035°C. This is roughly twice the trend reported for global data, which may be due to the relative absence of sulfate aerosols in the South Pacific.
The Royal Society of New Zealand's statement on climate change notes that between 1908 and 2006, there has been a clear upward linear trend in the country-wide average air temperature of 0.9°Celsius.
Carbon dioxide.
New Zealand has a long-term record of atmospheric carbon dioxide similar to the Keeling Curve. In 1970, Charles Keeling asked David Lowe, a physics graduate from Victoria University of Wellington to establish continuous atmospheric measurements at a New Zealand site. The south-facing Baring Head, on the eastern entrance to Wellington Harbour, was chosen as being representative of the atmosphere of the southern hemisphere. Lowe initially built an automatic air-sampling machine using parts from a used telephone exchange.
Modelled wind directions indicated that air flows were originating from 55 degrees south. The Baring Head data shows about the same overall rate of increase in CO2 as the measurements from the Mauna Loa Observatory, but with a smaller seasonal variation. The Baring Head CO2 concentrations have increased by 50 parts per million between first records in the early 1970s and 2005. The rate of increase in 2005 was 2.5 parts per million per year. The Baring Head record is the longest continuous record of atmospheric CO2 in the Southern Hemisphere and it featured in the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report: Climate Change 2007 in conjunction with the better-known Mauna Loa record.
The National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research has also recorded atmospheric concentrations of methane (from 1989) and nitrous oxide (from 1997) at Baring Head.
Glaciers.
Since 1977, the National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research has been using aerial surveys of late summer snowline to estimate the mass balance of 50 index glaciers. The snowline marks the equilibrium line of a glacier; above the line the glacier is accumulating snow and below the line the glacier is melting. The mass balance is the net gain or loss of snow and ice.
New Zealand's largest glacier, the Tasman Glacier has retreated about 180 metres a year on average since the 1990s and the glacier's terminal lake, Tasman Lake, is expanding at the expense of the glacier. Massey University scientists expect that Lake Tasman will stabilise at a maximum size in about 10 to 19 years, and eventually the Tasman Glacier will disappear completely. In 1973 the Tasman Glacier had no terminal lake and by 2008 Tasman Lake was 7 km long, 2 km wide and 245m deep.
Sea level.
An analysis of long term records from four New Zealand tide gauges indicates an average rate of increase in sea level of 1.6 mm a year for the 100 years to 2000, which is considered to be relatively consistent with other regional and global sea level rise calculations when corrected for glacial-isostatic effects. One global average rate of sea-level rise is 1.7 ± 0.3 mm per year for the 20th century (Church and White (2006). Another global average rate of sea-level rise is 1.8 mm/yr ± 0.1 for the period 1880–1980.
A 2008 study of cores from salt-marshes near Pounawea indicated that the rate of sea level rise in the 20th century, 2.8 ± 0.5 mm per year, had been greater than rate of change in earlier centuries (0.3 ± 0.3 mm per year from AD 1500 to AD 1900) and that the 20th century sea level rise was consistent with instrumental measurements recorded since 1924.
Emissions intensity.
The Ministry for the Environment considers that the energy intensity of New Zealand's economic output has "to some degree" decreased since 1990. Greenhouse gas emissions per unit of GDP have declined slowly from about 750 tonnes of CO2 equivalent per million dollars of GDP in 1990, to 552 tonnes of CO2 equivalent in 2008.
According to estimates from the International Energy Association, New Zealand's per capita carbon dioxide emissions roughly doubled from 1970 to 2000 and then exceeded the per capita carbon dioxide emissions of either the United Kingdom or the European Union. Per capita carbon dioxide emissions are in the highest quartile of global emissions.
In 2005, New Zealand’s per capita emissions of the six greenhouse gases listed in the Kyoto Protocol were 18.5 tonnes CO2equivalents per head of population and were the 12th highest in the world, and the 5th highest out of the 27 OECD countries. The Ministry for the Environment's 2007 "State of the Environment" report noted that New Zealand's per capita GHG emissions were high and were exceeded in the OECD only by countries such as Australia and Canada. The greenhouse gas intensity of New Zealand's output is the second highest in the OECD (after Australia). Consequently, New Zealand is in the bottom half of the OECD in terms of greenhouse gas emissions per unit of GDP and greenhouse gas emissions per capita. Bertram and Terry (2010, p 164) state that on a per capita basis, New Zealand's GHG emissions are unambiguously a significant contribution.
Greenhouse gas emissions.
New Zealand has a relatively unique emissions profile. In 2010, agriculture contributed 47.1% of total emissions, energy (including transport); 43.4%, industry; 6.7%, waste; 2.8%. In other Kyoto Protocol Annex 1 countries, agriculture typically contributes about 11% of total emissions.
Between 1990 to 2009 New Zealand’s total (or gross) greenhouse gas emissions increased from by 19%. Net emissions (after subtracting forest sequestration removals) increased by 23%.
Emission increases by sector were - agriculture; 12.1%, energy; 39.2%, industry; 35.0%. Only the small waste sector reduced emissions, by 25.3%.
N2O emissions originate from animal excrement and from the use of nitrogenous fertiliser. Livestock produce methane from rumination. Methane is a more potent greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide as it can trap twenty times the heat of an equivalent volume of carbon dioxide. Since New Zealand has large stock numbers these emissions are significant. A dairy cow produces between 84 and 123 kg of methane per year from rumen fermentation. In 1997, New Zealand's per capita emissions of methane were almost six times the OECD average and ten times the global average
In 2003, the Government proposed an Agricultural emissions research levy to fund research into reducing ruminant emissions. The proposal, popularly called a "fart tax", was strongly opposed by Federated Farmers and was later abandoned. The Livestock Emissions and Abatement Research Network (LEARN) was launched in 2007 to address livestock emissions. The Pastoral Greenhouse Gas Research Consortium between the New Zealand government and industry groups seeks to reduce agricultural emissions through the funding of research.
At the 2009 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen, the New Zealand government announced the formation of the Global Research Alliance involving 20 other countries. New Zealand will contribute NZ$45 million over four years towards research on agricultural greenhouse gas emissions.
Political and social aspects.
International treaties.
New Zealand ratified the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (the UNFCCC) in September 1993.
Kyoto Protocol.
New Zealand signed the Kyoto Protocol to the UNFCCC on 22 May 1998 and ratified it on 19 December 2002.
Under Article 3.1 and Annex B of the Protocol, New Zealand has a target to ensure that 'aggregate anthropogenic carbon dioxide equivalent emissions of the greenhouse gases listed in Annex A do not exceed' 100% of 1990 emissions (the baseline).
New Zealand's target is expressed as an "assigned amount" of allowed emissions over the five-year 2008-2012 commitment period. This is divided into Assigned amount units (AAUs) (denominated as 1 metric tonne of equivalent) which each Annex I Party issues to itself.
In 2002, the Ministry for Foreign Affairs and Trade (MFAT) noted that it expected New Zealand to be able to increase emissions and comply with the Kyoto Protocol, and make an economic gain. Not withstanding the Annex B reduction target of 100% of the 1990 base year emissions, New Zealand would be able to emit more than its initial assigned amount as long as more emission units were obtained from forest carbon sinks. MFAT predicted that New Zealand would emit between 50 and 75 million tonnes of greenhouse gases more than the 365 million tonnes of the initial assigned amount during the first commitment period However, MFAT considered that the increase in emissions would be offset by about 110 million removal units originating from forests planted from 1990 onwards.
So, specifically, for the 2008-2012 commitment period (CP1), New Zealand may either limit emissions to the assigned amount (five times the 1990 gross volume of emissions) or allow emissions to increase and add emission units from domestic afforestation or from the international carbon markets to the assigned amount. The additional units may be any of the Kyoto units; Assigned amount units (AAU), Removal Units (RMU), Emission Reduction Units (ERU) and Certified Emission Reduction (CER) units.
In December 2007, New Zealand's 309,564,733 Assigned amount units were recorded in the New Zealand Emission Unit Register.
In June 2005, a financial liability under the Kyoto Protocol for a shortfall of emission units of 36.2 million tonnes of -e was first recognised in the Financial Statements of the Government of New Zealand. It was estimated as a liability of $NZ310 million. New Zealand's net balance under the Kyoto Protocol remained in deficit from January 2005 (a deficit of 36 million units) until May 2008 (a deficit of 21.7 million units).
In November 2012, the Ministry for the Environment reported that the latest projection of New Zealand's net Kyoto position was a surplus of 35.3 million emission units valued at NZ$38 million (based on an international carbon price of 0.68 Euro per tonne).
On 9 November 2012, the New Zealand Government announced it would make climate pledges for the period from 2013 to 2020 under the UNFCCC process rather than through a second commitment period under the Kyoto Protocol. The Minster for Climate Change Issues argued that this was a principled decision, noting that ""the key requirement address climate change has been to refocus political and negotiating attention beyond the Kyoto Protocol to a more comprehensive agreement that is capable of dealing with the real environmental problem – the vast bulk of emissions that would never have been covered by Kyoto"..." That figure is 86% and will reach 90% of total global emissions in a few years. It is a matter of simple arithmetic that the only agreement that makes environmental sense long term is an agreement that deals with the bulk of emissions, not an increasingly small part of global emissions"" This announcement was reported internationally as New Zealand avoiding legally binding obligations and as a move that angered environmentalists. Green Party climate change spokesman Kennedy Graham said the Government's announcement was about hot air at talks instead of legally binding measures to reduce emissions. The decision was also heavily criticised by the World Wildlife Fund. Prime Minister John Key said New Zealand should not lead the way on climate change, but instead be a "fast follower". The Alliance of Small Island States voiced disappointment at New Zealand's decision.
2020 target under the UNFCCC.
On Friday 16 August 2013, the Government announced a new mitigation responsibility target under the UNFCCC of -5% on 1990 emissions by the year 2020. The Minister for Climate Change issues noted that New Zealand will also continue to honour its prior (2009) conditional offer to reduce emissions to 10 - 20% below 1990 levels but only if other countries come on board. Although -5% is more ambitious than the targets of Australia, Canada and the United States (when compared on 1990 levels), a number of environmental groups have noted that it is below the level recommended by scientists in order reduce the damage of anthropogenic climate change. Some groups in New Zealand have misunderstood the 2013 target, for example assuming that it replaced the target set in 2009.
Other Government responses.
In 1988, the same year as the United Nations established the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the Fourth Labour Government of New Zealand started developing policy for climate change. This was coordinated between agencies by the Ministry for the Environment. The Government asked the Royal Society of New Zealand to report on the scientific basis of climate change. A short report, 'Climate Change in New Zealand', was published in 1988 and the full report 'New Zealand Climate Report 1990' was published in 1989.
In July 1994, four months after the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) came into force, the Fourth National Government announced a number of policies.
The Fourth National Government said that if emissions were not stabilised at 1990 levels by the year 2000, a low-level carbon charge would be introduced in December 1997. By 1996, the Fourth National Government changed the emissions target to either no increase in 2000 net emissions of carbon dioxide from 1990 volumes or a 20% reduction if it was cost-effective and had no impact on trade.
From 2002, the policy of the Labour-led Clark Government was to implement a carbon tax in 2007. The proposed carbon tax would apply to the whole economy, except for emissions of agricultural methane and nitrous oxide. The tax would initially be $15 per tonne of carbon dioxide or equivalent, based on approximating the international price of emissions. It would be capped at $25 per tonne. The carbon tax policy was intended to be precursor to emissions trading when it became internationally established.
However, in December 2005, the Government announced that following a review of climate change policy it would not implement the proposed carbon tax. The political parties New Zealand First and United Future, who were support parties of the Labour-led Government, opposed the tax.
The Green Party described the withdrawal the carbon tax as "giving up on climate change" and "capitulating" to the anti-Kyoto lobby.
The Environmental Defence Society described the withdrawal of the carbon tax as "pathetic" and a result of the NZ Government Climate Change Office being "captured" by vested interests such as energy intensive businesses and the Greenhouse Policy Coalition.
Emissions trading scheme.
The New Zealand Emissions Trading Scheme (NZ ETS) is a partial-coverage all-free allocation uncapped highly internationally linked emissions trading scheme. The NZ ETS was first legislated in the Climate Change Response (Emissions Trading) Amendment Act 2008 in September 2008 under the Fifth Labour Government of New Zealand and then amended in November 2009 and in November 2012 by the Fifth National Government of New Zealand.
The NZ ETS covers forestry (a net sink), energy (43.4% of total 2010 emissions), industry (6.7% of total 2010 emissions) and waste (2.8% of total 2010 emissions) but not pastoral agriculture (47% of 2010 total emissions). Participants in the NZ ETS must surrender one emission unit (either an international 'Kyoto' unit or a New Zealand-issued unit) for every two tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions reported or they may choose to buy NZ units from the government at a fixed price of NZ$25.
Individual sectors of the economy have different entry dates when their obligations to report emissions and surrender emission units take effect. Forestry, which contributed net removals of 17.5 Mts of CO2e in 2010 (19% of NZ's 2008 emissions,) entered the NZ ETS on 1 January 2008. The stationary energy, industrial processes and liquid fossil fuel sectors entered the NZ ETS on 1 July 2010. The waste sector (landfill operators) will enter on 1 January 2013. Methane and nitrous oxide emissions from pastoral agriculture are not included in the NZ ETS. (From November 2009, agriculture was to enter the NZ ETS on 1 January 2015)
The NZ ETS is highly linked to international carbon markets as it allows the importing of most of the Kyoto Protocol emission units. It also creates a specific domestic unit; the 'New Zealand Unit' (NZU), which will be issued by free allocation to emitters, with no auctions intended in the short term. Free allocation of NZUs will vary by sector. The commercial fishery sector (who are not participants) will receive a free allocation of units on a historic basis. Owners of pre-1990 forests will receive a fixed free allocation of units. Free allocation to emissions-intensive industry, will be provided on an output-intensity basis. For this sector, there is no set limit on the number of units that may be allocated. The number of units allocated to eligible emitters will be based on the average emissions per unit of output within a defined 'activity'. Bertram and Terry (2010, p 16) state that as the NZ ETS does not 'cap' emissions, the NZ ETS is not a cap and trade scheme as understood in the economics literature.
Some stakeholders have criticized the New Zealand Emissions Trading Scheme for its generous free allocations of emission units and the lack of a carbon price signal (the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment), and for being ineffective in reducing emissions (Greenpeace Aotearoa New Zealand).
The NZ ETS was reviewed in late 2011 by an independent panel, which reported to the public in September 2011.
Political parties stance on climate change.
Prior to the 2008 election, the Fifth Labour Government of New Zealand had committed itself to addressing climate change and had declared a goal for New Zealand of carbon neutrality. To achieve this, two objectives were set: generating 90 per cent of electricity from renewable sources by 2025; and, halving per capita transport emissions by 2040. The Climate Change (Emissions Trading and Renewable Preference) Bill was introduced into Parliament by the Fifth Labour Government on 4 December 2007. On 10 September 2008, the Climate Change Response (Emissions Trading) Amendment Act 2008 had its third reading in Parliament and was adopted 63 votes to 57 with support from the Green Party and New Zealand First.
According to Colin James, National Party "herded with" the climate change skeptics up to 2006. Then in May 2007, National stopped opposing the Kyoto Protocol and adopted a policy of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 50 per cent by 2050. For the 2008 election, National's policy was to honour New Zealand's Kyoto Protocol obligations and the 50% reduction by 2050 emissions target. The Labour Party's emissions trading scheme would be amended to better balance environmental and economic concerns, and to make it fiscally neutral, flexible, aligned with the Australian Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme and not disadvantageous to consumers and small business.
The Green Party support lowering carbon emissions, exposing the economy to the externalities of carbon emissions and using income from a carbon tax to achieve a low carbon economy and to protect those on low incomes from the economic consequences of climate change.
The ACT Party went into the 2008 election with a policy that in part stated ""New Zealand is not warming"" and that their policy goal was to ensure ""That no New Zealand government will ever impose needless and unjustified taxation or regulation on its citizens in a misguided attempt to reduce global warming or become a world leader in carbon neutrality"" In September 2008, ACT Party Leader Rodney Hide stated ""that the entire climate change - global warming hypothesis is a hoax, that the data and the hypothesis do not hold together, that Al Gore is a phoney and a fraud on this issue, and that the emissions trading scheme is a worldwide scam and swindle"". In October 2012, in response to a speech on climate change by Green Party MP Kennedy Graham, ACT leader John Banks said he had "never heard such claptrap in this parliament... a bogeyman tirade, humbug."
Civil society and non-governmental organisations.
A number of civil society groupings and NGOs have formed to lobby in favour of and against a variety of climate change policies. Individuals also express policy preferences through forums such as the Internet, Letters to the Editor and talkback radio.
Forest and Bird, New Zealand's largest conservation organisation, campaigns on climate change by increasing public awareness. Climate has an effect on ecosystems and therefore on species. New Zealand has a number of endangered species that may be affected by climate change.
The Royal Society of New Zealand advocates and provides funds for science research including research into global warming. The Royal Society considered it important to be seen to be doing something about climate change, so it became carbon neutral in 2008 when it received carboNZero certification from Landcare Research. Similar to other national science organisations, the Royal Society of New Zealand has released a position statement on global warming.
The New Zealand Climate Science Coalition has the goal of refuting what it believes are unfounded claims about anthropogenic global warming. It was formed in May 2006 by Vincent Gray and Augie Auer among others. In August 2010, the Coalition announced it had commenced legal action against the National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research (NIWA), asking the High Court to invalidate its official temperature record, to prevent it using the temperature record when advising Government and to require NIWA to produce a "full and accurate" temperature record. In September 2012, the High Court dismissed the allegations of the New Zealand Climate Science Education Trust, declined to review the NIWA temperature data and awarded costs to NIWA.
The Greenhouse Policy Coalition represented the energy-intensive sector (aluminium, steel, forestry, coal, dairy processing and gas sectors). It was set up in 1996, and represented most of New Zealand’s largest electricity users such as New Zealand Steel, New Zealand Aluminium Smelters Limited, Solid Energy, Fonterra, Methanex New Zealand and four pulp and paper manufacturers. In 2005, the Greenhouse Policy Coalition opposed the Labour Government's proposal for 2005 carbon tax. The group accepts anthropogenic climate change and sees a need for public policy to mitigate its effects, as long as that policy is 'moderate and measured'. The Greenhouse Policy Coalition stopped operating on 31 March 2012.
Grassroots activism also plays a part. Climate Camp Aotearoa, part of the Camps for Climate Action held an event in Wellington in December 2009. On 21 December 2009, members of the Camp for Climate Action disrupted the New Zealand stock exchange as a protest against the failure of the Copenhagen climate change talks and 'to confront the profiteers of climate change'. 350.org have also organised various events around New Zealand.
A coalition called Climaction were active in Auckland between 2006 and 2008. They advocated system change, not climate change. They held mass direct action blockades of major streets in Auckland City to demand free public transport and a 90% reduction in greenhouse gases by the year 2030.
In May 2011, the climate scientist James Hansen visited New Zealand for a speaking tour. Hansen drew huge crowds for his public talks which emphasized that the likely global warming catastrophe from increased fossil fuel sourced CO2 emissions could be avoided as long as the world's coal resources, including seams of Southland lignite, were not used. Hansen said he did not agree with cap and trade schemes, like the NZETS that included forestry offsets.""In my opinion you have to have the simplest, transparent scheme so I just say it should be a flat fee proportional to the amount of carbon in the fuel. And the money, I say, has to go to the public."" New Zealand Herald economics editor Brian Fallow described Hansen as "authoritative on the science and compelling on the ethics".
Media reporting and public opinion.
A six-month study in 1988 on climate change reporting in the media found that 80% of stories were no worse than slightly inaccurate. However, one story in six contained significant misreporting.
The popular media in New Zealand often give equal weight to the those supporting anthropogenic climate change and those who deny it. This stance is out of step with the findings of the scientific community where the vast majority support the climate change scenarios.
A survey carried out in 2007 on climate change gave the following responses:
In August 2012, a Horizons poll showed that 64.4 per cent of respondents wanted Parliament to do more to respond to global warming. 67.5 per cent of respondents wanted business to do more to address global warming. Horizons commented that the poll "makes a strong case for more political action".

</doc>
<doc id="19258765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258765" title="RPL-554">
RPL-554

RPL-554 (LS-193,855) is a drug which acts as a long-acting inhibitor of the phosphodiesterase enzymes PDE-3 and PDE-4, producing both bronchodilator and antiinflammatory effects. It is being developed by Verona Pharma as a potential treatment for asthma and hay fever, and is currently in clinical trials.

</doc>
<doc id="19258766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258766" title="Benjamin Fischer (footballer)">
Benjamin Fischer (footballer)

Benjamin Fischer (born 19 October 1980) is a retired Liechtenstein football striker.
He began his career by Swiss club Grasshopper Club Zürich in the youth team and holds a Swiss passport.
In February 2011 he retired from professional football following a recurrence of back and thigh injuries.
Honours.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="19258775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258775" title="Dalecarlian Rebellion (1743)">
Dalecarlian Rebellion (1743)

The Dalecarlian Rebellion of 1743, also known as the Fourth Dalecarlian Rebellion and stora daldansen () was a rebellion that broke out in the Swedish province of Dalarna in 1743. Its cause was the peasants' dissatisfaction with the "lords' government" of the Age of Liberty. This dissatisfaction was strongest in Dalarna, partly because the Hats had introduced restrictions in the Dalecarlians' free exchange of goods with neighboring Norway, but mainly because of the unlucky war against Russia to which the peasants had to provide soldiers.
It is the last major uprising in Sweden to have started in rural areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19258790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258790" title="Affair with a Stranger">
Affair with a Stranger

Affair with a Stranger is a 1953 American comedy-drama starring Jean Simmons and Victor Mature. It was directed by Roy Rowland, and was originally to be released as Kiss and Run.
The film centres on the rumoured marital troubles of a successful playwright. As various people who came into contact with the couple reminisce about the couple's past, the story of the relationship and the budding affair that is potentially destroying it is told through a series of flashbacks.
Upon release, the film was met with lukewarm reviews, Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" calling it "a virtual collection of cliches".
Plot.
On a train, playwright Bill Blakeley fends off the romantic flirtations of Janet Boothe, an actress from his play. But when wife Carolyn decides not to join him, Bill makes a dinner date with Janet, who plants a story with a gossip columnist about the Blakeleys possibly heading for a divorce.
Friends and acquaintances begin recalling how the couple met. Carolyn Parker was a fashion model who bought a Toledo, Ohio newspaper each day. Bill pretended to be from Toledo as well to get to know her, only to learn that Carolyn's actually from England and has been buying the papers for a neighbor.
After their marriage, Bill's struggles to find work, combined with his gambling, force Carolyn to support them. He finally takes a job as a waiter and slips a copy of a manuscript to a customer, a producer who makes Bill's play a success.
One night, Carolyn must miss the opening of a play because she is having a baby. The child dies and she can have no more. Bill is as supportive in her hour of need as she had been in his.
Concerned that he might be vulnerable to an ambitious actress, however, Janet takes the next train to New York. She runs into Bill at the station and into his arms.

</doc>
<doc id="19258792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258792" title="John Gahagan">
John Gahagan

John Gahagan (born 24 August 1958 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a left winger. Gahagan spent most of his career with Motherwell, spending twelve seasons with the Fir Park club, either side of spells with Clydebank latterly Morton. During his time at Fir Park, Gahagan picked up two Scottish Football League First Division titles.
A fully qualified SFA coach, Gahagan worked as a football development officer in Clackmannanshire before becoming an after-dinner speaker, winning the MBN trophy after being voted 'Scottish Sporting Speaker of the Year' in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19258809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258809" title="Ron Larking">
Ron Larking

Ron Larking was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League. His only VFL game was as a full-forward against Fitzroy Football Club in the last game of the 1909 season. He enlisted in World War I, and became a Despatch rider. He was awarded a Military Cross and Bar for bravery, but was killed in a motorcycling accident in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="19258811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258811" title="John Mogg (British Army officer)">
John Mogg (British Army officer)

General Sir Herbert John Mogg, (17 February 1913 – 28 October 2001) was a senior British Army officer who also held the NATO position of Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe (DSACEUR).
He has been described as a popular and affable man. The Guardian newspaper, in his obituary, sums up his personality and how it influenced what he, and those he worked with, accomplished in his career :
"John Mogg's large frame was combined with an exceptionally genial, warm and sympathetic character, which appealed not only to soldiers of all ranks, but to people in every walk of life, whatever their nationality. In his time, he was probably the British army's most popular general, and finished his career in one of Nato's most influential posts, as deputy supreme allied commander (1973-76) at headquarters at Mons, in Belgium. Here, his sound commonsense and even temperament were valuable in balancing the direct approach, and sometimes abrasive personality, of the supreme commander, the US General Alexander Haig."
Army career.
He was educated at Malvern College, and the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst. At Malvern, he paid more attention to cricket than to his studies, with the result that, instead of taking the entrance exam for Sandhurst, he chose the alternative route of a Y-cadetship in the Coldstream Guards. After three years in the ranks, he was selected for Sandhurst, where he gained the sword of honour in 1936, being commissioned into the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry in August 1937. He was a distinguished commander of the 9th battalion Durham Light Infantry from the Invasion of Normandy to the defeat of Germany. Mogg commanded the 10th Battalion The Parachute Regiment between 1950 and 1952. He was later a brigade commander in the Malayan Emergency before becoming Commandant of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in 1963 and Commander of I Corps in Germany in 1966. He went on to be General Officer Commanding Southern Command in 1968, General Officer Commanding, Army Strategic Command "(n.k.a. Commander-in-Chief, Land Forces)" later that year and, finally, Adjutant-General to the Forces in 1970. With NATO, he was DSACEUR between 1973 and 1976. 
He was ADC General to the Queen from 1971 to 1974, Colonel Commandant of the Royal Green Jackets from 1965 to 1973 and Commandant of the Army Air Corps from 1963 to 1974. 
He was interested in many sports including boxing, cricket and equestrianism and promoted these inside the army, as well as more generally. Mogg was a president of a number of sports, army and veteran's associations. He served various charities, mostly connected with the armed services, or adventure training. Including being Chairman of Operation Drake Fellowship (now part of Fairbridge (charity) and Operation Raleigh.
He was made Vice Lord Lieutenant of Oxfordshire in 1979.
There is a school in Detmold, Germany, for children in pre-school and years 1-6 whose parents are serving in the British Army, that is named after Sir John Mogg. The school was opened on 10 February 1971 by him.
Family.
In 1939 he married Cecilia Margaret Molesworth and together they went on to have three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19258819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258819" title="Christos Tampaxis">
Christos Tampaxis

Christos Tampaxis is a Greek swimmer.
He has represented Greece at the Paralympic Games on four occasions, in 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008. His first medals came at the 2004 Games. Competing in the S1 category for athletes with the most severe disabilities, Tampaxis won gold in the 50 metre backstroke, and silver in the 50 m and 100 m freestyle. His gold medal in the backstroke was also a Paralympic record: 1:22.20.
He successfully defended his 50 metre backstroke title at the 2008 Games, winning gold with a lead of more than twenty-one seconds over his countryman Andreas Katsaros, but failing to beat his own record; he swam the race in 1:23.15. The 50 metre backstroke was the only S1 event retained at the Beijing Games; Tampaxis therefore had to compete against S2 athletes (with slightly lesser levels of disability) in the freestyle (50m and 100m). He failed to advance from the heats.
Tampaxis is blind, and has no leg movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19258836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258836" title="Württemberg B and B2">
Württemberg B and B2

The Württemberg Class B and Class B2 engines were steam locomotives with the Royal Württemberg State Railways ("Königlich Württembergische Staats-Eisenbahnen") first built in 1868 by the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen ('Esslingen engineering works') in Esslingen in the former Kingdom of Württemberg in southern Germany. 
The engines had a Crampton boiler, an inside Allan valve gear and, for the first time in Württemberg, a "Prüsmann" chimney. They were equipped with 2 T 6.5 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="19258837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258837" title="Kasun Jayasuriya">
Kasun Jayasuriya

Kasun Nadika Jayasuriya (born 25 March 1980) is a Sri Lankan football player who plays for Renown Sports Club and the Sri Lanka national football team.
He became the top-scorer of Sri Lanka's Kit Premier League, having scored 21 goals. He previously played in the I-League for Indian Bank and Dempo SC.

</doc>
<doc id="19258838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258838" title="Euxoa nigrofusca">
Euxoa nigrofusca

The White-line Dart ("Euxoa nigrofusca") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found from Europe, to southern Siberia, central Asia to the Pacific Ocean. In North Africa it is known from Morocco and Algeria.
The wingspan is 28–40 mm. This moth flies from June to October depending on the location. There is one generation per year.
Larvae feed partly subterraneous on roots of "Poaceae" and other low plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19258840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258840" title="Aamar Pratigna">
Aamar Pratigna

Aamar Pratigya ( "My Promise") (2008) is a Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha.

</doc>
<doc id="19258842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258842" title="Battle of Saintfield">
Battle of Saintfield

The Battle of Saintfield was a short but bloody clash in County Down, in Northern Ireland. The battle was the first major conflict of the Irish Rebellion of 1798 in Down. The battle took took place on Saturday, 9 June 1798.
Background.
A rebel force, over a thousand strong, converged on a large house owned by the McKee family. The McKees were a family of loyalists, who were unpopular in the region: one year before, they had provided information to the authorities leading to the arrest of a radical Presbyterian minister by the name of Birch and some members of his congregation. The McKees knew that they were unpopular and were thus armed to the teeth. As the house was surrounded, shots were fired from the fortified house, hitting some of the attackers. Gunfire held the insurgents back for a short while, until one of them, a fiddler by the name of Orr, managed to sneak around the back of the house with a ladder, and thence set the roof alight. The house was destroyed, and all eight members of the family inside killed. News of this quickly reached the British forces in the area, and a 300 strong force under Colonel Granville Staplyton, consisting of Newtownards Yeomanry cavalry and 270 York Fencibles, as well as two light cannon, marched to the region.
The battle.
The rebels, however, had anticipated the move and were waiting in ambush. Stapylton saw the road ahead twisting into woods, and ordered a pair of scouts to check for anything suspicious. The men do not seem to have been particularly vigilant, as when they returned they declared that the road ahead was safe.
The redcoats marched into the wooded area, a dense hedge snaking along the road on one side: on the opposite side, the ground steadily rose, with the areas higher up the slope dominated by demesne woods. This provided cover for the Irish. The Irish rebels were mostly armed with pikes and the terrain allowed them to quickly swarm the soldiers on the road below. In the fierce hand-to-hand combat that followed the British forces were overwhelmed. One of the fencibles, a veteran of wars in Europe who managed to survive the attack later stated that he had never before witnessed such fierce fighting:"every man had to fight his way in the best manner he could in opposition to the charged pike and other weapons, to which he had not been accustomed."
Over fifty men were piked to death before Staplyton managed to order the soldiers; he then brought his cannon into play against the mass of rebels before him, inflicting enough casualties with canister and grapeshot to blunt their attack. In the meantime, Staplytons force used the situation to march to safety.
Aftermath.
The battle of Saintfield was largely regarded as a victory of the United Irish rebels. Long after, in the 1950s, two skeletons and a sword and bayonet of the York fencibles were found in the area. 
The rebellion in Down would prove short lived, however- only a few days later the rebel army was slaughtered at the Battle of Ballynahinch.
Many of the dead from both sides of the battle were placed in a mass grave within the grounds of the nearby Presbyterian church. Although there is a plaque signifying the location of these graves, the area seems largely neglected with what appears to be temporary vehicle access over the belligerents final resting place.
In May 2010 a memorial park was finished and opened. The area has been cleared and landscaped, with several new plaques and information boards being erected. The graves have been refurbished and the headstones relaid.

</doc>
<doc id="19258854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258854" title="Popular Socialist Party (Cuba)">
Popular Socialist Party (Cuba)

The Popular Socialist Party () was a communist party in Cuba. Originally called the Communist Party of Cuba (), it was formed in the 1925 by a group including Blas Roca, Aníbal Escalante, Fabio Grobart, Alfonso Bernal del Riesgo and Julio Antonio Mella, who acted as its leader until his assassination in Mexico in 1929. It was later renamed the "Communist Revolutionary Union". The party supported Gerardo Machado and Fulgencio Batista, joining his first government in 1940 with one minister without portfolio, and was initially critical of Fidel Castro. After the electoral victory of the Partido Auténtico in the 1944 elections, the party went into decline, and eventually adopted the name "Popular Socialist Party" for electoral reasons.
In the 1944 general elections it formed an alliance with the Cuban Popular Party, but was defeated by the Auténtico-Republican alliance, winning only four seats in the House of Representatives. They went on to win five seats in the 1946 mid-term elections.
In the 1948 general election the party put forward Juan Marinello as its presidential candidate. Whilst he finished fourth, the party won five seats in the House elections. They won four in the 1950 mid-term elections.
In 1961 the party merged into the Integrated Revolutionary Organizations (ORI), the precursor of the current Communist Party of Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="19258868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258868" title="John Rowe (actor)">
John Rowe (actor)

John Rowe (born 1940) is a British actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19258883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258883" title="Gastropacha quercifolia">
Gastropacha quercifolia

The Lappet (Gastropacha quercifolia) is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae. It is found in Europe and Northern and Eastern Asia.
The wingspan is 50–90 mm. The females are larger than the males. The moth flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Crataegus", "Prunus spinosa", Willow and Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="19258900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258900" title="ARIA Music Awards of 2008">
ARIA Music Awards of 2008

The 22nd Annual Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards (generally known as ARIA Music Awards or simply The ARIAs) took place on 19 October 2008. The nominees for all categories were announced on 10 September, while the winners of the Artisan Awards were announced on the same day.
Awards and nominations.
"Final nominees are shown in plain, with winners in bold."
Artisan Awards.
The Artisan Award winners were announced on 10 September. "The winners are shown here in bold."
ARIA Hall Of Fame Inductees.
The following were inducted into the 2008 ARIA Hall of Fame on 1 July:

</doc>
<doc id="19258911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258911" title="Stefan Iten">
Stefan Iten

Stefan Iten (born 5 February 1985) is a Swiss football defender, who plays for FC Winterthur in the Swiss Challenge League.
International career.
Iten is a former youth international and was in the Swiss U-17 squad that won the 2002 U-17 European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19258915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258915" title="Lasiocampa trifolii">
Lasiocampa trifolii

The Grass Eggar (Lasiocampa trifolii) is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 40–55 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various shrubs and deciduous trees, such as Oak, European Beech, Poplar and "Calluna".

</doc>
<doc id="19258923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258923" title="Zaregoto Series">
Zaregoto Series

Plot.
The story revolves around "I" and the mysteries he encounters, but after the second book, the series comes with more and more fighting and action. "I" tends to try in vain to keep out of the story, but instead of being the bystander he wants to be, he always gets dragged into the center of everything. Though it seems "I" does a lot in the story, he always finds out at the end that whatever he did was meaningless.
Setting.
According to Tomo's explanation, the world is divided into four separate kinds of territories:
Characters.
The "Outer" World.
The Residents of the Antique Apartment.
The apartment which "I" lives in. The real name of this place is unknown, "I" is the only one calling it The Antique Apartment. Existed before the Meiji period. Made mainly of wood, three stories, four-mat room with horrible sound insulation, bare light bulb, shared toilet, no bath; the rent is 10,000 yen per month, though.
"I"'s Classmate.
In the second book, "I" attends Rokumeikan Private University. It is located in Kinugasa, in Kita Ward of Kyoto.
The "Violence" World.
Zerozaki.
Known as the "Zerozaki Bandits". Rank third in The Killing Names. A group of unreasonable serial killers gathered not by blood relations, but by the thirst for blood. Contains twenty to twenty-five members. The only family without an opposing family in The Cusing Names.
The "Economical" World.
The "Economical" world consists of five big plutocrats, "Akagami(赤神)", "Iigami(謂神)", "Ujigami(氏神)", "Ekagami(絵鏡
)", and "Origami(檻神)". Together, they are called the "Four Gods and One Mirror(四神一鏡)".
Guests on Wet Crow's island.
Wet Crow's Island
is the property of the Akagami Plutocrats. Its purpose is to keep the exiled heiress away from the rest of the world. In Russian, it means "The End of Despair". Now, it is a place for geniuses to gather under the invitation of Iria.
Development.
The Beheading Cycle went through a number of drafts; Tomo Kunagisa was originally intended to be the series' protagonist, but during the rewriting process, Nisio Isin realized that Ii-chan had become more important. After finally completing the novel, Nisio proceeded to write Strangulation Romanticist in three days. With Hanging High School, Nisio began consciously moving the series away from traditional mystery novel structure.
Reception.
The series has been selected by "Kono Light Novel ga Sugoi!" three times as one of the ten best light novels of the year: in 2005 when it ranked second, in 2006 when it topped the list, and in 2007 when it placed third.
The series was a bestseller, and grew in popularity as it went on. While the first volume debuted at number eight on the novel charts, the final volume debuted at number one and remained at the top for three weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19258939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258939" title="Lasiocampa quercus">
Lasiocampa quercus

The Oak Eggar (Lasiocampa quercus) is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae. It is found in Europe and the British Isles.
The wingspan is 45–75 mm. The females are larger than the males. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location. Their hairs can cause a violent itching skin allergy in some people.
The larvae feed on "Larix", "Betula", "Salix" and "Rubus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19258941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258941" title="James Byrne (musician)">
James Byrne (musician)

James Byrne (Irish: An Beirneach, January 1, 1946 - November 7, 2008) was an Irish farmer and fiddle playing icon from Donegal. He has been called one of Ireland's leading fiddle players.
Biography.
Byrne was born in 1946 in Mín na Croise (Meenacross), Glencolmcille in south west County Donegal, Ireland. He learned his first tune from his father John Byrne at the age of 8.
His style is the old Glencolmkille, Co. Donegal style. He was the link between the older generation of musicians in his area - his neighbours, the Dohertys, the Cassidys, the McConnells to name but a few - and the young generation of Donegal fiddlers today whom he taught and inspired.
By 1980, many of the older local musicians had died, and Donegal music was being played only in isolated pubs. Ironically, it was a time when Irish traditional music was becoming increasingly popular throughout Ireland, Britain and America due to groups such as Planxty and the Bothy Band. Claddagh Records, the Dublin label, recorded "The Brass Fiddle: Traditional Fiddle Music From Donegal", featuring Byrne. He followed this with a solo album, "The Road to Glenlough" (a lake near his home in Mín na Croise), in 1990. A young band from Donegal, Altan, started playing many of his tunes and became popular internationally.
He has taught and inspired musicians all over the world and was instrumental in keeping the rich fiddle tradition of Glencolmcille alive. Today, his family - his wife Connie and their three children Merle, Aisling and Seana - and the many young local musicians he taught continue the vibrant tradition.
On many occasions he took part in Ceol sa Ghleann, an arts project hosted in Glencolmcille which includes the annual Féile Ealaíon Traidsiúnta Ghleann Cholm Cille. This is a week-long annual music festival held around Easter time. They also run annual Donegal Fiddle school 'Scoil Samhraidh James Byrne' every July in his memory. http://www.ceolsaghleann.com/
He was interviewed by BBC Northern Ireland on an educational programme about the connection between Donegal and Scottish fiddle music. He was also interviewed by Michael Robinson for "Fiddler Magazine" on The Donegal Fiddle tradition.
In recent years, He began his own summer fiddle school, and performed regularly with his partner, Connie Drost, and their daughters Merle, Aisling and Séana, all excellent fiddlers.
James Byrne died on his way home from a session in the early hours of 8 November 2008 near his home in Mín na Croise His funeral was attended by a host of renowned Irish musicians including All-Ireland singing champion, Rita Gallagher, Dermot Byrne of Altan, the legendary fiddler, Tommy Peoples and Joe Burke.
Discography.
The Road To Glenlough

</doc>
<doc id="19258958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258958" title="Karin Riediger">
Karin Riediger

Karin Riediger-Heintges is a former German figure skater. She represented the Duisburger SCK and is the 1981 German Ladies Figure Skating champion. Between 1978 and 1982 she won five medals at the West Germany Figure Skating Championships. 
She now works as a coach at her former club and teaches young skaters. Her daughter Isabel Heintges (born 1993) is one of them.

</doc>
<doc id="19258973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258973" title="Stan Martin">
Stan Martin

Stan Martin was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League. A bayonet instructor during World War I, he played in the Services game in London, but was later killed in action.

</doc>
<doc id="19258978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258978" title="Mount Aka">
Mount Aka

Mount Aka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19258989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258989" title="Phyllodesma tremulifolium">
Phyllodesma tremulifolium

The Aspen Lappet ("Phyllodesma tremulifolium") is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae. It is found in Europe.
The length of the forewings is 15–18 mm for the males and 18–20 mm for the females. The moth flies from April to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various deciduous trees, such as oak, poplar and birch.

</doc>
<doc id="19258996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258996" title="Den Saakaldte">
Den Saakaldte

Den Saakaldte is a Norwegian black metal supergroup, founded in 2006 by Mikael Sykelig, featuring members of Shining, 1349 and Dødheimsgard, among others.
They played their first concert at Inferno Festival in 2008, headlining the John Dee stage on the second day. The reactions were positive.
Their debut album, "Øl, Mørke og Depresjon", which was released in March 2008 through Eerie Art records, has been described as "a quite unique sounding album," as well as "there's space for aggression and brutality, but also for dark atmospheres and ancient feelings."
The band released their second album, entitled "All Hail Pessimism", on February 2, 2009.
On 27 March 2011, Niklas Kvarforth, vocalist and frontman of Den Saakaldte, announced that he would be quitting the band to focus on Shining.

</doc>
<doc id="19258999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19258999" title="List of former cathedrals in the United Kingdom">
List of former cathedrals in the United Kingdom

This is a list of former or intended cathedrals in the United Kingdom.
England.
References in this section are to the English church's current use or its use prior to deconsecration.
Isle of Man.
Although the Isle of Man is not in the United Kingdom politically, it is ecclesiastically. The Anglican Diocese of Sodor and Man is in the Province of York and in the Roman Catholic church, it is in the Archdiocese of Liverpool.
Scotland.
Roman Catholic Church.
Former Roman Catholic cathedrals of the Province of St. Andrews and Edinburgh

</doc>
<doc id="19259000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19259000" title="Hochheta Ki">
Hochheta Ki

Hochheta Ki? or Hochchheta ki? ( ) is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Basu Chatterjee. Chatterjee, director of "Chhoti Si Baat", "Baaton Baaton Mein" and "Khatta Meetha", tried to create a film in the style of David Dhawan.
Plot.
"Hochheta Ki" is the story of a medical representative ("chhaposha" Bangalibabu) who falls in love with another woman four years into his marriage. That may not be a problem; the problem is the way he looks into the camera and starts telling the story of his life. The two girls are Gharwali (Paoli Dam) and Baharwali (Arunima Ghosh).

</doc>
<doc id="19259003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19259003" title="Lejonen">
Lejonen

Lejonen (the Lions) is a speedway club from Gislaved in Sweden who compete in the Swedish Elitserien. Their home track is at the Axelent Arena which is Sweden's oldest track still in use.
History.
In December 1929 Gislaved Motorclub was formed and by 1931 the track was built. The track was originally wide and long but in 1936 it was widened to and during the 1980s the inside edge of the track was moved and the length was reduced to . In 1963 the Lejonen team began racing in Division Three and became the champions in 1965. Lejonen finished at the top of Division Two (the Allsvenskan) in 2007 and defeated Valsarna in the play-off final to gain promotion to the Elitserien for 2008.
During the winter of 2007-08 the track underwent major changes to accommodate Elitserien racing and the club announced the signing of Nicki Pedersen, the 2007 World Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19259016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19259016" title="The Way We Live Now (2001 TV serial)">
The Way We Live Now (2001 TV serial)

The Way We Live Now is a 2001 four-part television adaptation of the Anthony Trollope novel "The Way We Live Now". The serial was first broadcast on the BBC and was directed by David Yates, written by Andrew Davies and produced by Nigel Stafford-Clark. David Suchet starred as Auguste Melmotte, with Shirley Henderson as his daughter Marie, Matthew Macfadyen as Sir Felix Carbury, Cillian Murphy as Paul Montague and Miranda Otto as Mrs Hurtle. 
Plot summary.
Augustus Melmotte is a foreign financier with a mysterious past. When he and his family move to London, the city's upper crust begins buzzing with rumours about him and a host of characters find their lives changed because of him. 
Lady Carbury is a widow living in straitened circumstances with her handsome but dissolute son, Sir Felix, and her modest, intelligent daughter, Henrietta. Sir Felix has gambled away his inheritance and his mother supports them by writing. Her close friend, Mr Broune, a newspaper publisher, reviews her books favourably because of his regard for her and clearly wants their relationship to be closer. 
At his gambling club, Felix hears his friends say that Melmotte's daughter, Marie, will have a huge dowry. Returning home, he impulsively tells his mother that he will try to retrieve the family's fortunes by marrying Marie. When the Carburys are invited to a grand ball given at Melmotte's Grosvenor Square mansion, Felix, an experienced ladies' man, meets Marie, a trusting and inexperienced girl, and sweeps her off her feet. 
Roger, the Carburys' cousin, is a kind and decent country squire. He has been in love with Henrietta for years but has never said anything, as she has only recently come of age. Paul Montague is a young engineer, formerly Roger's ward. Newly returned to England from America with plans to build a railroad from Utah to Mexico, Paul meets Henrietta when the Carburys visit Roger's estate. 
Roger visits London and proposes to Henrietta, who explains that her fondness for him can never become the love he hopes for. Roger refuses to give up, but when he meets Paul later and reveals what happened, Paul discloses that he too is interested in Henrietta. The men's long friendship cools. 
Paul and his American partner meet with Melmotte, who agrees to arrange a stock offering. He invites Sir Felix and a number of his aristocratic friends to join the railroad's board of directors; none of them knows or cares anything about the company's business, but they are delighted at the chance to profit from it. 
The stock offering proves a huge success and the share price goes up and up. Melmotte's prestige and influence are greatly enhanced and he begins to be accepted in English society. Paul is anxious to go to America to begin construction, but for some reason Melmotte keeps putting off the financial arrangements that are necessary for the work.
Paul learns that Mrs Hurtle, a woman he was engaged to in America, has come to London. She vanished before the marriage and he assumed that she had thrown him over. Now she tells him that she means to enforce his promise of marriage. Through a combination of bullying and pleading, she keeps a hold on him. 
Sir Felix continues to woo Marie and finally approaches Melmotte, who is doubtful of the idea because Felix has no money. Marie convinces Felix to elope, that her father will eventually support them financially. To pay for the trip to New York, she steals a cheque from Melmotte's desk. At the docks Felix fails to board, hung over from a night at his club, while Marie is stopped by constables investigating the stolen cheque and is forced to return to her father's house. 
Marie is visited by Felix's sister Henrietta, who informs her that Felix doesn't have the courage to defy Melmotte and has no interest in marrying Marie without a dowry. Marie's feelings for Felix soon change from love to hatred. 
Melmotte has had himself elected to Parliament, and on the strength of the successful railroad stock offering, has borrowed huge sums of money and begun other ambitious projects. Only Paul seems to know or care whether the railroad exists. When he returns to London to confront Melmotte, Melmotte warns that if the truth is revealed, Paul and everyone who has invested in the railroad will be ruined. Paul, unwilling to be involved in a fraud even if it makes him rich, tells the whole story to Mr Alf, who promptly publishes it in his newspaper. The railroad company's stock begins to plunge. 
Sir Felix is aware of his sister's interest in Paul, and when Henrietta reproaches him for abandoning Marie, he spitefully tells her what he knows about Paul. Henrietta visits Mrs Hurtle, who makes Henrietta believe that her affair is still going on. Henrietta then tells Paul they cannot see each other again. 
The precipitous fall of the railroad stock causes Melmotte's fortunes to sink as quickly as they rose. His creditors begin pressing for repayment. As a last resort, he asks Marie to turn over to him a large sum of money he put in her name to protect it from his creditors, but Marie, who has become bitter and cynical since the end of her relationship with Sir Felix, refuses. Melmotte commits suicide. Marie, still wealthy thanks to her nest egg, packs up and leaves London. 
With the failure of her son's attempt to marry Marie, Lady Carbury is at the end of her rope financially. The publisher, Mr Broune, proposes marriage to her and she accepts happily. He persuades her to send Sir Felix, in the charge of an Anglican clergyman, to a remote town in Prussia, far from the temptations of London club life and where he will not be able to importune his mother for funds.
Mrs Hurtle, accepting that Paul will never marry her, quits London; before going she informs Henrietta of the truth. Henrietta and Paul marry, while their former suitors, Roger Carbury and Mrs Hurtle, each learn to accept the situation with some grace. It is revealed at the end that Paul and Henrietta lived a long and happy life, while Mrs Hurtle dies of old age.
Awards.
At the 2002 BAFTA Awards, director David Yates and producer Nigel Stafford-Clark collected an award for "The Way We Live Now", which won "Best Drama Serial". Suchet was nominated as "Best Actor".

</doc>
