<doc id="19109883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109883" title="Rock art of south Oran (Algeria)">
Rock art of south Oran (Algeria)

The rock art of south Oran, are prehistoric engravings of Neolithic age in the south of Oran Province, Algeria, in the Saharan Atlas Mountains, in the regions (from west to east) of Figuig, Ain Sefra, El-Bayadh, Aflou and Tiaret. Comparable engravings have been described, even further east, around Djelfa and in the region of Constantine. Although in the past some authors affirmed that that these engravings derived from European Upper Paleolithic art, this theory is today definitively rejected.
History.
Less famous than the images of Tassili, the South Oran engravings have however been the subject of study since 1863. The most important works are notably those of A. Pomel (from 1893 to 1898), Stéphane Gsell (from 1901 to 1927), G. B. M. Flamand (from 1892 to 1921), Leo Frobenius and Hugo Obermaier (in 1925), l'Abbé Henri Breuil (from 1931 to 1957), L. Joleaud (from 1918 to 1938), and Raymond Vaufrey (from 1935 to 1955).
In 1955 and 1964 Henri Lhote had visits of several months to the region which allowed him to complete his former researches, to add hundreds of new descriptions and in 1970 to publish "Les gravures rupestres du Sud-oranais" in the series "Mémoires du Centre de recherches anthropologiques préhistoriques et ethnographiques" (CRAPE) directed at Algiers by Mouloud Mammeri. A notable part of the work was particularly devoted to the engravings of the El-Bayadh region. For Henri Lhote the South Oran region constitutes one of the "three great centres of art of the antelope age" with Tassili ("Oued Djèrat") and Fezzan.
Date.
In this work Lhote tells that a hearth found at the "Station of Méandre", near to Brézina, had been dated to 3900 years B.C., without this figure being capable of "being attributed to a definite category of the engravings which ornament the 'walls' of the station." The oldest of these engravings, on the other hand, show many affinities with those of Tassili which he proposes the minimum date of around 5000. There is therefore room, according to him, to "adopt it also for the South-Oranian material until better information may be forthcoming."
[http://www.wikimapia.org/#lat=33.440609&lon=0.664673&z=9&l=2&m=a&v=2] The region of El-Bayadh on WikiMapia.
Chronology.
Older classifications.
A. Pomel, relying on identifications of animals which were later disputed, is at the root of the position of some authors who think that the engravings belong to the Palaeolithic age.
Stéphane Gsell, on the other hand, considered the most ancient engravings showing antelope and elephants to be Neolithic, and he distinguished from them the images of rams, which according to him reflect an Ancient Egyptian ritual, which, like the depictions of "caballins" he attributed to the historical period.
The classification proposed by G. B. M. Flamand based on a study of techniques and patinas distinguished a first group of naturalistic engravings (hartebeest, elephant, rhinoceros, rams, donkeys, horses, antelopes), a second, libyco-berber group (engravings of decadent style, little horses, camels, alphabetic characters) and two late groups (Arab inscriptions and modern graffiti).
For Hugo Obermaier there exist two sub-groups in the neolithic engravings, the older being of naturalistic style (hartebeest), the more recent of sub-naturalistic style (less elaborated and smaller-scale subjects). The cult of the ram with the sphere was, according to him, native to the populations of North Africa before having been adopted by the Egyptians.
Henri Breuil for his part distinguished three stages. In Stage I, contemporary with the end of the Capsian, he places the large hartebeest with ringed horns, the elephants, and the very style-accomplished as well as large human figures (Ksar El Amar). Stage II, which he attributes to the Lower Neolithic, brings together the large ram of Bou Alem, the hartebeest, rhinoceros, elephants and other animals in less accomplished style. The ram, for him, had not yet been domesticated but only tamed, and its cult is rather the origin than the reflex to the Egyptian belief. Stage III includes the figures in decadent style.
Raymond Vaufrey, studying the industry of flint implements found at the foot of the engraved rocks, takes the naturalistic figures to the "Neolithic of the Capsian tradition" deriving from the Neolithic of Egypt, and places them between 4200 and 2000 B.C. The ram, which he considers domesticated, is only a transposition of the Egyptian cult of Ammon and the representations of it cannot be older than 2200 B.C. For Henri Lhote however, there is no any archaeological argument which should cause one to separate the rams, supposed to be later, from the giant hartebeest, elephants or rhinoceros. Being like them of Neolithic age, they cannot derive from the Egyptian ram, and need not on that account be considered as the ancestors of a cult of which the ram of Ammon would constitute a late sequel.
Classification of Henri Lhote.
Henri Lhote distinguished seven series in the mural art of the South Oranian.
1. Large engravings of monumental naturalistic style, or Large-scale Hartebeest style. Beside the great hartebeest, elephants and rhinoceros, Lhote placed the numerous ostriches and antelopes, boars, lions and panthers. The animals are represented absolutely in profile apart from the hartebeest, in relative profile (the two-eyed formula being frequent). Lhote placed in this ensemble the human images which accompany them (of which the hands and feet have almost always six digits). No human figure with animal head having been found, he observed that "the hartebeest ensembles of the Saharan Atlas differ from those of Tassili-n-Ajjer and of Fezzan where these figures are running. The author also thinks that the domestication of the dog was achieved in this period and that the South Oranian presents the most ancient rock testimonies to it. This first stage also includes the "mythic animals". All these engravings are made by a punctuation of little dots or hollows, more or less connected, and then most often by a polishing apparently helped by a wooden utensil with the addition of wet sand. Some engravings show a beginning of polishing in the endoperigraphic area (head), others a complete polishing.
2. Small engravings in naturalistic style, or small-scale hartebeest stage. The stage would be constituted by the collection of engravings of more reduced size, of which the style has been designated as "School of Tazina" after the name of one of the sites. These naturalistic images show the same fauna (hartebeest, elephant and rhinoceros) as those of the preceding group but in very conventionalised forms, the legs and tails of the animals being very thinned out, the lines of the horns and the muzzle prolonged in a 'fantastic' way (Flamand), the lengthening of the body, the hind-quarters and the heads having inspired faulty identifications. The style is however not uniform and on certain murals these characteristic deformations co-exist with more realistic depictions. From a technical standpoint the finish of the engravings is regular, no trace surviving of a preliminary dotting-out, and the patina is similar to that of the preceding stage. The human depictions show the same character but the terminal parts of the limbs, hands and feet are generally rounded-off.
From a chronological viewpoint, a single station (Koudiat Abd El Hak) shows an indisputable over-drawing, a little antelope with attenuated legs being overdrawn by a large elephant, although another would appear to be later than it. This fact obliged Lhote "to ask himself if the small-scale school might be earlier than that of the large engravings, or even if the two schools might have been contemporary." This latter hypothesis would have implied the existence "of two different gatherings of humans living side by side or, at the least, two artistic schools operating in parallel."
In his analysis Lhote shows that beyond the great similarity of the fauna represented and of the presence of the "orant-ram" association in both stages, the "orant-hartebeest" association was not indicated in the second, whereas the antelopes there are more numerous and the lions rarer. He adds that "the small-scale style extends towards the south Moroccan as far as the Rio de Oro, although the large-scale style remained confined in the south oran area, with certain migrations towards the north-east." The author's opinion therefore leans therefore towards the existence of two groups. Furthermore the style of the small-scale art, by comparison with the static forms of the large-scale figures, reflects "rather an art which has already attained conventional formulae", "more advanced in the sense of a more evolved creative impulse" and therefore later. But in this hypothesis one should be able to rediscover traces of this so distinctive style in the later group of the decadent engravings, even though these seem, to the contrary, to derive from the large-scale school. In his conclusions the author considers that the small-scale engravings, often thought of as later decadent reminiscences, would be as old as those of the large hartebeest and elephants. "Whichever solution may prevail", concluded Lhote, one should consider that the identity of the fauna in each of the two groups indicates that there could not have been a great lapse of time between them, and that, despite the variation of styles, one can ask oneself if they do not represent two expressions of one and the same art."
3. Engravings of sub-naturalistic style or decadent hartebeest stage. These are characterized by the mediocrity of their style and technique, reduced to a fairly clumsy dotting and an irregular final polishing. Their patina is clearer than for the two preceding stages, an observation confirmed by the fact that they are often found on the same murals. Their dimensions are more reduced than the first group, but larger than those of the second, with which they have nothing in common. The most common theme is of sexually displayed human figures, in a semi-crouching position, seen frontally, often together with numerous lions and ostriches. The fauna, less varied than in the two first groups, still includes the last representations of hartebeest of which the horns are not always ringed, and images of elephants, cattle and panthers. The association of man-ram disappears, which seems "to mark a rupture on the environment of the foregoing stages and shows an evolution of religious beliefs", replaced by the man-lion association, hartebeest and elephants no longer holding the place which they had formerly occupied. It is, according to Lhote, "the end, very degraded, of that remarkable artistic epoch of the south Oranian.
4. Engravings of the sub-naturalist style of the husbandmen or the bovidian stage. The domestic cow with long or short horns sometimes wearing little spheres dominates this stage, the fauna being composed otherwise of elephants, antelope and ostriches, while images of humans are rare. The engravings are in various different styles, the formula schematic and massive, called "quadrangular" by H. Breuil, seeming like the most ancient. The main group of these engravings are not found in south Oran but in the valley of the Saoura (Sahara): Lhote supposes "a different origin to that of the preceding groups", showing "secondary infiltrations which have come from the south." For the author, "this bovidian civilization has certainly emerged from a Saharan milieu, but it has only made a very superficial appearance in the south Oran," following the tracks from the Hills of Ksour, having perhaps "another direct contact with the Sahara in the region of Brésina.".
5. Engravings of schematic carriages, which ought to occupy a comparable chronological position to that of the carriages of the Sahara.
6. Libyco-Berber engravings.
7. Modern Arabo-Berber engravings.
Other views.
For F. Cominardi, analysing most recently the superimposition of engravings at "Koudiat Abd el Hak", it seems accepted that the naturalistic large-scale stage and the naturalistic small-scale stage (the most ancient level being constituted of very tiny engravings, the most recent by works of slightly superior execution) were contemporary, at least within a single epoch, "the first not being extinguished before the second began." The author leans, "on account of the arguments of the more evolved schematic style, towards placing the naturalistic large-scale stage in the first place, and to making the naturalistic small-scale stage begin before the disappearance of the former." to F. Cominardi, "It would be during the lapse of time while they coexisted, that the engravings of the plaque of Koudiat were made. Were these two so differentiated artistic worlds brought into being by different peoples? It is possible. It could be explained that they dwelt rarely together on the same rocks, and that the school of Tazina should be so individualized geographically." "If the small-scale naturalistic stage is, by comparison with the older stage, if not contemporary, at least starting to unfold during that time, one could, provisionally, place it between the 6th and the 4th millennium."
Interpretation.
Henri Lhote identified among the south Oran engravings 41 images of rams or of sheep-like creatures, which is comparatively few in the sum of the representations, "especially as this figure includes small scale images and the uncertain ones of the decadent school." Their symbolic attributes (spheroids, manes, collars) remain very variable, in contrast to those of the Egyptian ram of Ammon, which was furnished right from the start with the symbols which it would always keep, one could claim, according to the author, that they had not yet been fixed in a definitive fashion and we find ourselves here looking at a cult which was just beginning to take form." The difference "shows, if it were still necessary to show, that the South Oranians had not adopted the cult from Egypt.
In 13 cases the engraved rams are associated with human figures. Analyzing their possible relations, the author's conclusion is "that the Ram played a religious role of first importance to the south-Oranians, that its association with man, though he may have been in a praying position, should have been armed with an axe, shows that it certainly had the character of a divinity which one would ask things of and which one might, on suitable occasions, sacrifice." This role, he adds, "is well attested in the two hartebeest stages of large and small scale, but disappears in the age of the decadent style where nothing of it remains except the mere vestige."
The representations of hartebeest, more numerous (73 for the region) and in 13 cases associated with the presence of a human, show despite the absence of the spheroid "which may have been the object of rites associating it with men," that it "held an eminent place in the beliefs of the ancient populations of the South Oranians. As for the lion, represented with facing head in the old hartebeest stage where it is only a single time associated with a man, but shown in profile in the decadent style where its associations with humans are on the contrary quite frequent, it seems to have replaced hartebeest and rams. One should be able, according to Lhote, "to interpret this phenomenon as a radical modification in the behaviour of south Oranians, a real change, unless it represents the arrival of new human populations."
For Henri Lhote, "the south Oran engravings are certainly among the oldest artistic and cultic manifestations of Africa which we know of, and the beliefs of which they are the reflection may perhaps have helped to influence the later populations of the Nile valley and of black Africa where animism was to undergo so great a development."
Who were the artists?
Conjectures on the identities of the artists have been many. Lhote tells that some have believed them to belong to the black populations ancestral to the Mandinka and the Haoussas. But the Touareg, the Egyptians and the ancestors of the Berbers have also been invoked. They have also been thought to have been the Cro-Magnons, the husbandmen and farmers of Asiatic origin, the Harratines, the Proto-Libyans and the Bushmen. In the absence of discoveries in the region of neolithic human remains and of an adequate understanding of the ambiguity of the images, "one should avoid any absolute identification" or "definitive option".

</doc>
<doc id="19109885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109885" title="Aimee Mann discography">
Aimee Mann discography

Aimee Mann is an American singer-songwriter who has released several albums since the early 1980s. Originally, she worked in collaboration with The Young Snakes and the 'Til Tuesday before becoming a solo artist.

</doc>
<doc id="19109908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109908" title="Aaron Cunningham">
Aaron Cunningham

Aaron Roe Ward Cunningham (born April 24, 1986) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Chicago Cubs organization. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics, San Diego Padres and Cleveland Indians.
Baseball career.
Cunningham was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the sixth round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft. After two years in the White Sox organization, he was traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks for Danny Richar on June 16, 2007. 
On December 14, 2007, he was acquired by the Oakland Athletics in the trade that sent Dan Haren to the Diamondbacks. He was called up from the minors for the first time on August 30, . Cunningham played in 22 games for Oakland in 2008 and 23 games in 2009, playing both left and right field.
On January 16, 2010, Cunningham and Scott Hairston were traded to the San Diego Padres for Kevin Kouzmanoff and Eric Sogard. In Cunningham's first start as a Padres player on June 15 he hit a grand slam to center field in his first at bat. In 2010, Cunningham split time between the majors and the Triple-A club. While in the majors, he served as a reserve corner outfielder, starting 30 games and hitting a career high .288 in 132 at-bats. In 2011, Cunningham again split time between the minors and majors, making 20 starts with the Padres at the corner outfield positions. He hit .329 in 87 games with the Triple-A Tucson Padres, but only .178 in 90 at-bats with the big league club.
On December 16, 2011, Cunningham was traded to the Cleveland Indians for minor league pitcher Cory Burns. Cunningham broke camp with the big league club in 2012 and played in a career high 72 games, starting 21 games across all three outfield positions. He was mostly used as a late-inning defensive replacement and batted .175 in 97 at-bats. On July 24 he laid down a successful suicide squeeze bunt to score the winning run in a game against Detroit. Cunningham was designated for assignment on July 25 and he finished the year with the Triple-A Columbus Clippers.
On November 12, 2012, Cunningham signed a minor league deal with the Texas Rangers with an invitation to spring training. He signed a minor league deal with the Chicago Cubs in November 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19109943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109943" title="2007 royal blackmail plot">
2007 royal blackmail plot

The 2007 royal blackmail plot was a UK scandal in which two men attempted to blackmail a relation of the British Royal Family. The relative of the royal family was alleged to have been involved in activities involving drug taking, performing oral sex on a male aide and other things.
Buckingham Palace refused to comment on the situation after "The Sunday Times" reported the story on 28 October 2007. A spokesperson for the palace only stated that it was a police matter and that Scotland Yard was investigating.
The two defendants in the case were Ian Strachan and Sean McGuigan. Strachan, who was arrested on 11 September 2007, was charged under the Theft Act 1968 and was held in custody in Belmarsh Prison. He first applied for bail on 2 November, but this was refused. An appeal was also turned down on 8 December. They pleaded not guilty at the pre-trial hearing on 20 December 2007; the trial began on 14 April 2008.
The two men were convicted on 2 May 2008. Each was sentenced to a period of five years. 
Ian Strachan maintains his innocence and is currently appealing the conviction.

</doc>
<doc id="19109951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109951" title="Cabinet of Pakistan">
Cabinet of Pakistan

The Cabinet of Pakistan is composed and consisted of the most senior and elected officers of the executive branch of the Government of Pakistan. All cabinet secretariats are directed and performs its government administrative operations by people-elected statesmen and officers who are generally designated as "Ministers" of their cabinet secretariats.
The existence of the Cabinet dates back to first Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan who appointed the first cabinet of numbers of civil servants and statesmen to assist to advise him and to assist him in carrying out his government duties. The Cabinet federally directs its operations under the powers granted by the Constitution, which is constitutionally established under the Article 81D of the Constitution that granted the existence of the Cabinet.
All Cabinet members are nominated and appointed by people-elected Prime minister, and are sworn with the Prime Minister, by the President to begin their duties and secretariat operations. The Prime Minister directs the government and oversee the government operations and duties of secretariat, with numbers of state ministers and advisers to provide and assist him. The Prime Minister plays an influential role in running the government, which mean the Prime minister may dismiss them or reappoint them (to other posts) at will.
In June 2013, a new cabinet was announced by the Prime Minister Navaz Sharif; all cabinet officials are from the PMLN.
In federal law and the Constitution.
The Cabinet and its secretariat are established by the Constitution of Pakistan and operates under the powers granted by the Constitution. Under the articles 81C, the constitution lays the existence and foundation of the Cabinet. The Constitution further stated:
The principle federal ministers may be appointed by the President, under the advice of the Prime Minister (which the president must take), under the Article 89 and Article 91. Before entering upon office, a Minister or Minister of State must take an oath with the President. The Article 81D prohibits the federal officials from appointing as Minister if certain official is not an elected by the people for state parliament in general elections. Despite the powers granted to President, the Article 92 gives full authority and fully grants powers to Prime Minister to appoint "any" Ministers, Ministers of State and advisers from amongst the members of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19109963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109963" title="IBM Somers Office Complex">
IBM Somers Office Complex

The IBM Somers Office Complex is a complex of five office buildings owned and occupied by IBM in Somers, New York, United States. Situated on a campus, I.M. Pei designed pyramid of glass structures house regional headquarters for the IBM corporation. Described as a "futuristic fortress", the complex is an example of modernist architecture.
History.
Somers Songsters.
In 2003, "Somers Songsters" recorded the "IBM One Hundred Percent Club" song, to the tune of "I've Been Working On The Railroad", for the archives at the Somers complex as part of the IBM music reference room effort.
Awards.
In 1990 the Somers complex was given IEEE Corporate Innovation Recognition for:

</doc>
<doc id="19109981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109981" title="Scouting in South West England">
Scouting in South West England

Scouting in South West England is about Scouting in the official region of South West England. It is largely represented by the Scout Association of the United Kingdom and some Groups of traditional Scouting including the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association.
There are five student associations at various universities in the region, each of which is affiliated to the Student Scout and Guide Organisation (SSAGO). These are "Bath University Guides and Scouts", "Bath Spa SSAGO", "University of Bristol Guides and Scouts", Scouts And Guides at the University of the West of England and "Scout and Guide of Exeter", covering Exeter University.
History of Scouting in South West England.
Brownsea Island.
From 1 August until 8 August 1907, Lieutenant General Baden-Powell held the first experimental Scout camp for 22 boys on Brownsea Island in Poole Harbour in Dorset. The subsequent publishing of "Scouting for Boys" started the Scout Movement.
In 2007, 100 years after the first experimental camp, there were a number of events on Brownsea Island. During the summer, The UK Scout Association held four camps, the Patrol Leaders Camp (a gathering of Scouts from every region of the UK), the New Centenary Camp (UK Scouts of every religion, race and background) and the Replica Camp (A living Museum of the camp 100 years before). The highlight of the four camps however was the Sunrise Camp.
The Sunrise camp brought together 310 young people from 155 countries to celebrate the centenary of Scouting.
On 1 August 2007, all 28 million Scouts from around the world renewed their Scout Promise at 8am local time as part of the Sunrise Ceremony, with Brownsea Island being a focal point of the celebrations. 
Scout Association Counties.
The Scout Association in South West England is administered through seven Scout Counties
Avon Scout County.
Avon Scout County is concurrent with the former political county of Avon. It provides Scouting to young people in Bath & North East Somerset, Bristol, North Somerset and South Gloucestershire.
At the Royal Bristol Hospital for Children a special Scout Group, which allows patients at the hospital to take part in Scouting, and has been running since October 2001. Activities are catered to specific limitations of the patients, and are open to any child staying in the hospital and their siblings.
The administration offices covering the 'Avon' area are at the Scouts' Camping and Activity Centre at Woodhouse Park.
The county is divided into nine Scout Districts:
Marching Bands.
There are a number of marching bands from around the County:
Cornwall Scout County.
Cornwall Scout County is concurrent with the county of Cornwall, and provides Scouting opportunities for young people throughout the whole of the County and the Isles of Scilly. There are nearly 80 Scout Groups with nearly 5,000 members in total involved in Scouting across the County.
Each District has a number of Scout Groups and Explorer Scout Units, providing Scouting for young people from the age of 6 to 18 years. The County also manages the Scout Network, which is the programme section for 18-25 year olds in Cornwall. The County Scout Network consists of a number of Local Scout Networks.
The County is currently divided into seven Scout District
District badge worn on the uniform of Scouting members
Devon Scout County.
Devon Scout County is concurrent with the county of Devon
The County is currently divided into 14 Scout Districts:
Dorset Scout County.
Dorset Scout County is concurrent with the political county of Dorset, and provides Scouting opportunities for young people and adults in the area.
The County is currently divided into 8 Scout Districts:
The Largest District for Numbers of Groups is Bournemouth, with a total of 22 Scout Groups, the Largest for Area Covered is North Dorset, and the Most Historic is Poole District, with 3 Founder Groups included, (1stHamworthy, Broadstone & 1st Parkstone)
Brownsea Island Camp Site is Run in Partnership between Poole, & Wareham and Isle of Purbeck Districts together with the National Trust.
The County runs its own Adult Training Section - Dorset Adult Training Team, has a Full County Team of Scout Commissioners and also has its own Scout Active Support Unit and Network Scout Unit. It also has its own Head Quarters at Buddens Farm in Wareham, which is also the County Scout Camp Site.
Gloucestershire Scout County.
Gloucestershire Scout County is concurrent with the political county of Gloucestershire. The County Office is based at Cranham Scout Centre where it has been present since 1947. Gloucestershire also has an active Scout Network that meets in various locations around the county.
The Gloster Gladiators Scout Band of the 46th Gloucester Scout Group was formed in 1957.
The County is divided into eight Scout Districts:
Somerset Scout County.
Somerset Scout County covers the political county of Somerset.
The County is divided into seven Scout Districts:
Wiltshire Scout County.
Wiltshire Scout County covers the ceremonial county of Wiltshire.
The County is divided into eight Scout Districts:
Campsites.
Avon.
There are seven campsites or activity centres within the Avon area:
The BP Boathouse, situated in Harbourside in Bristol, is named after a warehouse keeper, Benjamin Perry. It is used as a Water Activity and Training Centre, and is jointly owned and managed by Avon Scout County and Girlguiding Avon and South Gloucestershire.
Chelwood is a camping field owned and managed by the 1st Keynsham Scout Group, in the Wansdyke Scout District.
Cleeve Hill is the City of Bath Scout District campsite and hut just to the west of the city.
East Winds is the Bristol South Scout District campsite and hut in Brislington, near to the centre of Bristol.
Glenny Wood consists of a seasonal camping field and lodge in Portishead, North Somerset. The site is maintained by Gordano Scout District.
Mafeking Hall is located near Coalpit Heath, in the Cotswolds of South Gloucestershire. As well as the hall, there are a number of camping fields available to Scouts and Guides.
Woodhouse Park is, since 1 April 2011, a Scout Activity Centre sited in South Gloucestershire, and overlooking the Severn crossings. The site has five large camping fields, and two buildings which can be used for accommodation or training purposes. Woodhouse Park offers a large range of activities, either on site or nearby. Site hosted activities include Abseiling, Pioneering, Tracking, Climbing, Archery, and Air Rifles. Off-site activities include Sailing, Kayaking, and Caving.
Cornwall.
There are several camp sites run by the Scout Association in Cornwall:-
Devon.
There are several camp sites in Devon run by or for Scouts.
Dorset.
There are several camp sites in Dorset, including Brownsea Island Scout camp where Scouting started in 1907. Dorset Scout Council also own and run their own site, Buddens Scout Centre, in Wareham.
Another Popular Scout Site is Butchers Coppice in Bournemouth.
Gloucestershire.
Cranham Scout Centre is situated in a Cotswold valley on the edge of the village of Cranham. It is owned by the Gloucestershire Scout County of the Scout Association. It also holds the county office. It comprises a main camping area and residential accommodation. It also has a wooded valley known as Daniels Grove where there are facilities for 12 smaller "patrol" camp sites. It is adjacent to over of beech woodland to which there is access for activities such as nature trails and orienteering.
Leonard Stanley Headquarters is situated on the edge of the small Cotswold village of Leonard Stanley. Within the well hedged site there is a grass area suitable for games and camping, a car park and a large headquarters. The site is surrounded by farmland on three sides, and borders a minor road.
Pennwood Scouting Centre is situated on the Cotswold Escarpment about 3 miles (5 km) South of Stroud and 3 miles North of Nailsworth.
Somerset.
The Scout Association West Somerset District operates a small site at Tivington and the larger Horner Woods site at Horner.
Sedgemoor District Scouts operate the Campbell Room, an all-year indoor self-catering centre on the Quantock Hills. The centre is nearly equidistant between Bridgwater and Taunton near Nether Stowey and just over a mile from the start of the Coleridge Way long distance footpath.
Wiltshire.
Potterne is the Scout Association County Scout Centre.
Gang Shows.
The Bath and District Gang Show was started in 1997, and generally has a cast of about 60 Scouts and Guides. Cast only have to audition for solos, duets and sketches and any member of the Scouts or Guides prepared to give the required commitment to the show can take part. The show takes place each year at the Kingswood School Theatre, in Lansdown, Bath. In 2004, the Gang Show were awarded the Gang Show Emblem. In 2008 the show was awarded the NODA's Stage Electric's award for technical achievement. In November 2009 they performed at the Bath Male Choir concert at the Bath Forum. In December 2008 and 2009, they staged 'A Christmas Carol' and 'The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe' at the Rondo Theatre, Bath. Members of the team also production manage events at various international jamborees.
2012 marks their 15th Anniversary and plans are in place to stage a special performances from the 6th - 10th June to make these celebrations as well as a Christmas show at the Rondo in December 2012.
The Bristol Gang Show was held annually at The Bristol Hippodrome, in Bristol. In the 1930s there were two Boy Scout Revues. The Bristol Gang Show started in its current form in 1971, with a cast consisting of 85 Cubs and 59 adults, in the Victoria Rooms. It moved to the Bristol Hippodrome in 1972. In 1974 the Bristol Gang Show became Avon County Gang Show as the county of Bristol had become part of the Avon. In 1975 the show was awarded the Gang Show Emblem to wear on the red Gang Show neckerchiefs. Ralph Reader, who founded the Gang Show idea, came to see the show in 1978 and gave it much praise. In 1997 the show celebrated its Silver Jubilee, and regained its title of Bristol Gang Show. In 1999 girls were introduced into the junior cast, and now account for about half of the total junior cast. The show is no longer a Gang Show, but has become the grass roots show of Avon Scouts On Stage and is open to all Scouting members in the County.
Exeter Gang Show, also known as Exeter and District Scout and Guide Gang Show, has been performed every year in late March or April since 1983 (except 2004) at the Barnfield Theatre in Exeter. Members of the cast also participated at a Gang Show at the 1986 Westcountry Jamboree. Exeter Gang Show gained the national recognition of wearing the Red Scarf in 1987.
Gloucester Gang Show is an annual production held at the Bacon Theatre, Dean Close School, Cheltenham
North Devon Gang Show in Barnstaple was started in 1980. It was awarded the Gang Show emblem in 1985.
Plymouth Gang Show - started 1984.
Swindon Gang Show, started as Thamesdown Gang Show, has been running since 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19109994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19109994" title="Red Vines (song)">
Red Vines (song)

"Red Vines" is a 2001 single from Aimee Mann's "Bachelor No. 2", released by SuperEgo Records and V2 Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="19110004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110004" title="Tropical Storm Aletta (2006)">
Tropical Storm Aletta (2006)

Tropical Storm Aletta was the first tropical cyclone of the 2006 Pacific hurricane season. Aletta developed from an area of disturbed weather located south-southwest of the Mexican port of Acapulco, Guerrero. It gradually gained organized convection and was classified as a tropical depression early on May 27, and became a tropical storm later that morning, the first of 2006 in the Western Hemisphere. Aletta strengthened to a tropical storm with 45 mph (75 km/h) sustained winds, while moving towards the Guerrero coast in southwestern Mexico. The storm became stationary, though it later turned to the west and weakened on May 29. Aletta continued to weaken until it dissipated on May 31. The storm dropped moderate rainfall along the Mexican coast, and generated winds that downed trees and caused minor damage.
Meteorological history.
On May 21, 2006, a tropical wave crossed Central America and entered the East Pacific. The wave drifted westward, and after several days began to interact with a low-level trough near the Gulf of Tehuantepec, and as a result deep convection increased. By May 25, a large area of low pressure formed several hundred miles south of Acapulco, Mexico. Wind shear inhibited development initially, though conditions became slightly more favorable after a number of days, and at 0600 UTC on May 27, a tropical depression formed about 190 mi (305 km) south of Acapulco.
Moving very little, the depression was disorganized due to continued shear, leaving the center of circulation west of the convective activity. By later in the morning hours of May 27, the system began to show overall signs of organization, primarily related to a burst of convection in the eastern semicircle. At the same time, the center of circulation either reformed or began to move farther north, possibly north-northeast. Embedded within the steering currents of a ridge, most forecasts anticipated the storm would drift northward for several days, though some computer models predicted the storm would eventually move inland near Acapulco. At 1800 UTC on May 27, the depression organized into a tropical storm, and as such was named "Aletta" by the National Hurricane Center.
With continued forecasting difficulty, a burst of new convection formed east of the center early on May 28, as the storm began meandering southward. At 0600 UTC, Aletta attained peak winds of while nearly stationary in forward movement. Later in the afternoon, the storm's center was obscured, thus subjecting the exact location to speculation. In addition, the circulation fluctuated in organization with the alternating intensity of the wind shear, and at the time maintained elongated cloud patterns, rather than the typical circulatory shape. As the storm drifted to the west and executed a small cyclonic loop by early on May 29, increased shear and dry air became entrained in the system, causing it to weaken to a tropical depression at 1800 UTC. Little convection remained afterward, and the storm struggled for several days, becoming a remnant low by May 31. The low dissipated shortly thereafter.
Preparations and impact.
When the storm began to move towards the coast, the Mexican government issued tropical storm watches between Punta Maldonado and Zihuatanejo. By 1800 UTC on May 29, the advisory was discontinued after a series of modifications and extensions.
Aletta produced moderate rainfall across Mexico, including a 24-hour rainfall total of 100.2 mm (3.94 inches) in Jacatepec, Oaxaca on May 30, and 96.0 mm (3.78 inches) in La Calera, Guerrero, the next day. High winds knocked down trees and caused minor structural damage. In Zihuatanejo, a ship with nine people was rescued after being reported as lost, which may have been a result of high seas generated by Aletta. However, there were no reports of fatalities associated with Aletta.

</doc>
<doc id="19110006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110006" title="Sumaira Malik">
Sumaira Malik

Sumaira Malik () is a politician from Khushab District, Punjab, Pakistan.
Sumaira Malik is a member of Pakistan's National Assembly. She is the daughter of Malik AllahYar Khan and the granddaughter of Amir Mohammad Khan, The Nawab of KalaBagh. Sumaira Malik's uncle, Farooq Leghari was a prominent politician and was President of Pakistan.
Sumaira Malik headed the Ministry of Women Development and Ministry of Youth Affairs in the government of Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz. Sumaira Malik is currently elected member of National Assembly from NA-69 (Khushab-I).

</doc>
<doc id="19110017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110017" title="Alouette River">
Alouette River

The Alouette River is a tributary of the Pitt River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
The Alouette River was known as the Lillooet River until 1914, at which time its name was changed to avoid confusion with the much larger Lillooet River. The name Alouette, French for "lark", was obstentially chosen because it sounds similar to Lillooet.
Course.
The Alouette River is formed at the confluence of the North and South Alouette Rivers. The smaller of the two, the North Alouette flows from Jacobs Lake south to its confluence with the South Alouette. The river flows over a minor set of falls about halfway from its mouth. The South Alouette originates on the slopes of Mount Robie Reid and flows into Alouette Lake. After exiting the lake the river flows west before converging with the North Alouete. From there, the river flows west to join the Pitt River. The Pitt River flows south to join the Fraser River east of Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="19110030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110030" title="Shindō Munen-ryū">
Shindō Munen-ryū

History.
The Feudal Era of Japan.
Fukui Hyōemon (1700-1782) was born in Shimano no Kuni (now Tochigi Prefecture) and learned Shin Shinkage Ichiden Ryu under Nonaka Gonnai received Menkyo Kaiden at a relatively young age.
Hyōemon, unsatisfied, traveled Japan taking part in shinken shobu (death matches) and honing his skills. He became so reputed that he was listed on Imperial and Tokugawa Bakufu records as one of the best swordsmen of his time. Hyoemon continued to travel through Japan until he encountered a small shrine in the Inazuma Mountains. There he found the Izuna-Gongen Shrine where he meditated and trained in isolation for 50 days. On the 50th night he achieved enlightenment. The resulting enlightenment was organized into a rather large syllabus of techniques later codified as "Shindō Munen-ryū".
Hyōemon thereafter traveled to Edo (present day Tokyo) where he opened a dojo in Yotsuya. There he trained a small number of dedicated students until his retirement. Hyōemon then passed the ryu onto his successor Togasaki Kumataro (2nd Generation). His grave can be found in present day Saitama not too far from his protoge's (Togasaki Kumataro).
The fourth successor of Shindō Munen-ryū, Saitō Yakuro Yoshimichi (斎藤弥九郎), established the dojo called Renpeikan (練兵館) in Edo.
Shindō Munen-ryū reached the pinnacle of its popularity towards the end of the Edo Period (1603-1868). In this politically unstable time, Shindō Munen-ryū swordsmen participated in both the political and physical battles that came to define the Bakumatsu (1853-1868). It was not uncommon for Shindō Munen-ryū swordsmen of different or even the same dojo to engage each other in combat. Politically active members like Katsura Kogoro and Ito Hirobumi later took active leadership roles in the Meiji Government.
Today the Kanto ha Shindō Munen-ryū is one of the remaining branch of Shindō Munen-ryū. Negishi Shingorō (根岸信五郎) was the last headmaster who teaches Shindō Munen-ryū in the edo period. Shingorō received the licence Menkyo Kaiden in Edo Den from Saitō Shintaro. Shingoro, however felt the loss of idealism and passion that surrounded him during the closing days of the Tokugawa Bakufu. He acknowledged this fact by closing the Renpeikan's doors (officially ending the Edo Line) and opening the Yushinkan (有信館道場) Dojo and founding the Kanto Ha.
Prior to the fall of the Tokugawa Bakufu there were many Shindō Munen-ryū branches all over Japan. These branches operated independently of one another and prospered.
The Modern Era of Japan (1868-).
The dawn of the Meiji in 1868, however brought many new hardships with it and most of the branches Shindō Munen-ryū were forced to close their doors due to lack of patronage and the Meiji Sword Ban. Most surviving branches opened their doors again after the Meiji Sword Ban was lifted. Most, however lost the majority (if not all) of their kata as a result. In present day branches like Choshu Han Den, Hachinohe Han Den, and Saitō Ha only practice a small portion of the Iaijutsu curriculum. Most of these Iaijutsu kata were reconstructed from written descriptions and thus bear little resemblance to the real thing.
The style survived the Meiji period (1868-1912) completely intact largely due to the efforts of Negishi Shingorō (Edo Den 6th Generation/Creator of Kanto ha) who taught swordsmanship to the Tokyo Police Force. Shingorō's successor Nakayama Hakudō continued to preserve Shindō Munen-ryū throughout the Taisho (1912-1926) and Showa Periods (1926-1989) by producing some of the notable swordsmen in modern history. Examples are Nakayama Zendo, Hashimoto Toyo, Nagakura Kiyoshi, Haga Junichi, and Nakashima Gorozo.
The Nihon Kobudō Kyokai and Shinkyokai have recognize Kanto ha of Shindō Munen-ryū as the branch that preserves Shindō Munen-ryū in its entirety (Kenjutsu, Iaijutsu, and other practices). The current headmaster of this branch is Ogawa Takeshi (10th Generation).
Edo Den/Kanto Ha Lineage Chart.
Following lineage chart is recognized by Nihon Kobudo Kyokai and Shinkyokai.
1. Fukui Hyōemon Yoshihira (1700-1782): Ryuso.
2. Togasaki Kumataro Teruyoshi: Edo Den.
3. Okada Junmatsu Yoshitoshi (岡田十松): Edo Den; Okada established Gekikenkan(撃剣館) Dojo.
4. Saitō Yakuro Yoshimichi: Edo Den; Established the Renpeikan Dojo in Edo.
5. Saitō Shintaro: Edo Den.
6. Negishi Shingorō (1844-1913): Edo Den; Open the Yushinkan (有信館道場) Dojo.
7. Nakayama Hakudō (1872-1958): Kanto Ha.
8. Nakayama Zendo/Yoshimichi (Nakayama Hakudō's son): Kanto Ha.
9. Saeki Soichiro: Kanto Ha; Saeki trained over 10 years with Nakayama Hakudō, only to receive the Menkyo no Maki and Menkyo-Jo from Nakayam Zendo prior to his death.
10. Ogawa Takeshi: Kanto Ha. (Ogawa trained directly under Nakayama Zendo and becoming of his most trusted pupils and eventual successor.)
Branches from the Feudal Era of Japan.
Examples of branches that were affected:

</doc>
<doc id="19110037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110037" title="Midwest Rock Festival">
Midwest Rock Festival

The Midwest Rock Festival was a music festival held at the State Fair Park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on the 25th-July 27, 1969.
The festival featured Led Zeppelin, Buffy Sainte-Marie, The First Edition, Sweetwater, Pacific Gas & Electric, SRC and Shag (July 25); Blind Faith, Delaney and Bonnie and Friends, Shag, Taste, John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers, MC5 and SRC (July 26); and Johnny Winter, Joe Cocker and the Grease Band, Bob Seger System, Jim Schwall Blues Period, MC5, Zephyr, Shag, Litter and SRC (July 27).
The show had a flatbed trailer as a stage set on the field in front of the racetrack grandstand.

</doc>
<doc id="19110086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110086" title="Lysander Button">
Lysander Button

Lysander Button (September 2, 1810 - July 29, 1898) was the inventor of many of the early improvements made on hand and steam fire engines. Many of those improvements made their way to the modern fire engines of today. 
Button was born in North Haven, Connecticut on September 2, 1810 but moved with his parents to Albany by 1825. After John Rogers relocated his machine shop from Albany to a spot on King’s Canal in Waterford, Saratoga County, New York, Button found a job there as a machinist. Rogers manufactured fire engines and had even submitted two patents in the 1830s (the copies of which have unfortunately been lost). Rogers sold the shop to William Platt and Judge Nicholas Doe, who expanded the product line to include other castings such as iron water wheels. Without the advantages of a formal education, Button became foreman in the shop by 1833 and was named a partner the following year.
In 1841, Platt sold his share of the business to Button, who became the sole owner after Judge Doe died. For the next fifteen years the business was known as L. Button & Company, which continued to operate on Kings Canal. Button later moved to a steam-powered building on Third Street in the Village of Waterford. Most of his innovations were for the so-called “hand-pumper” fire engines. It is obvious that he possessed remarkable gifts in mechanical engineering, since by 1838 he had developed the first “piano engine” which delivered water from the front end of the trunk of the device. Another notable improvement was the “runaround” that returned water to the suction to relieve pressure on the hose. In 1841 he developed the first fire engine water pump, with valves set at an angle of 45 degrees and straight-level waterways from the inlet to the outlet. 
Upon coming of age, Lysander’s eldest son Theodore became involved with the company, and the name was changed to Button & Son. From 1873 to 1891 Theodore submitted some half a dozen patents, including improvements in hose and pipe couplings, feed water regulators, and steam engines. Two patents were assigned to his brother Charles, who seems to have remained affiliated with the fire engine business even after it was sold to other parties.
In 1876, the Button Steamer won the Centennial Award at the Philadelphia International Exhibition for its simplicity, strength, and reliability. However, after spending almost half a century manufacturing fire engines, Lysander decided to retire in 1882 and sell the entire works, including the rights to his many patents, to Holroyd & Company of Waterford.
Years later, Button fire engines continued to be manufactured by the American Fire Engine Company, which was formed in 1891 by the consolidation of the Button Fire Engine Works, Silsby Manufacturing Company, Ahrens Manufacturing Company, and Clapp & Jones. In 1900, a group of New York investors formed the International Fire Engine Company, which included American Fire Engine, LaFrance Fire Engine Company, and Thomas Manning Jr. & Company.
Button and his wife Abigail Ranney had five children: May Josephine, Eliza, Theodore, Julia, and Charles. After retiring, Lysander took a special interest in local schools by serving on the Board of Trustees and advocating for clean water in the school system. He was also prominent in the Presbyterian Church, becoming a ruling elder. He was superintendent of the Sunday school for 25 years and was a teacher there until within one year of his death, which occurred on July 29, 1898. Thousands of Button fire engines were sold throughout the world, and many still exist in working condition, used for parades and in contests. The Waterford Historical Museum was able to obtain the Button & Blake hand pumper called the “Converse” in 2005 so that history fans now and in the future may see an original Button fire engine in person.

</doc>
<doc id="19110089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110089" title="Chilanko River">
Chilanko River

The Chilanko River is a river in the Chilcotin region of the Central Interior region of the Canadian province of British Columbia.
The name of the river derives from a Chilcotin word meaning "many beaver river".
Course.
The Chilanko River flows generally east, roughly parallel to the Chilcotin River, turning south to join the Chilcotin near the community of Alexis Creek, just above the confluence of the Chilko River. The settlement of Chilanko Forks is located farther up the river, just northeast of Tatla Lake and immediately south of Puntzi Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19110096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110096" title="Negative Burn">
Negative Burn

Negative Burn is a black-and-white anthology comic book published beginning in 1993 by Caliber Press, and subsequently by Image Comics and Desperado Publishing. Edited by Joe Pruett, "Negative Burn" is noted for its eclectic range of genres, mixture of established comics veterans and new talents, and promotion of creative experimentation. 
Publication history.
The first volume of "Negative Burn" ended with issue 50 in 1997. Revived by Image and Desperado in 2005 with two seasonal specials, "Negative Burn" returned to a monthly format in 2006. The first eleven issues of the new volume were published by Image; the title is now exclusively published by Desperado.
A typical issue of "Negative Burn" might include a number of stand-alone stories; a new chapter of a longer, serialized piece; recurring features such as Brian Bolland’s “Mr. Mamoulian”; and a sketchbook section. The sketchbook featured studies, rough drawings, and never-before-seen artwork by a single illustrator. Artists such as Dave Dorman, Michael William Kaluta, David Mazzucchelli, Terry Moore, P. Craig Russell, Greg Ruth, Charles Vess, and even Neil Gaiman have been featured in the sketchbook section.
Desperado Publisher Pruett views the new incarnation of "Negative Burn" is a potential launching pad for new creators: "I’m offering "Negative Burn" as a way for a new creator to break in with us. If a creator shows promise and potential with his/her short story contributions then I might try to find them work with an already established creator or title in our library of titles, such as Dalibor Talajic and Federico Dallocchio with "Deadworld" and Will Volley with "Antoine Sharp". I believe there needs to be an outlet for new talent . . . and will try to do what I can to help them."
Regarding "Negative Burn"'s current sales, Pruett said "it has the advantage of being a well-known commodity from it’s long run in the 90’s, but even then it suffers from the consistent month-to-month drop in sales that is the rule of thumb in the marketplace. As long as we can break even with "Negative Burn" I’ll keep it going."
The title was scheduled to return for a third time, as a yearly, in 2009 from Desperado as a 200 page trade paperback anthology. After a November 2009 announcement that Desperado was becoming an imprint of IDW Publishing the 2009 paperback was canceled in 2010 June and was re-solicited in April 2010 to be published in June 2010 by IDW Publishing but has since been canceled. (ISBN 1600108105).
Creators.
Notable "Negative Burn" contributors include Brian Bolland, Alan Moore, P. Craig Russell, Dave Johnson, Dave Gibbons, Evan Dorkin, Phil Hester, Arthur Adams, Edvin Biuković, Bob Burden, Zander Cannon, Mark Chiarello, Guy Davis, Michael Gaydos, Dean Haspiel, Darko Macan, Mike Wieringo, Terry Moore, Josh Neufeld, Ron Kasman, Patton Oswalt, Paul Pope, Jim Mahfood, Moebius, Roxanne Starr, and Tony Harris.
Awards.
"Negative Burn" has been nominated for over twenty comics industry awards, including the Harvey Award, the Eisner Award, the Eagle Award, the Don Thompson Award, and many others. In addition, the collection "Negative Burn: The Best from 1993-1998" was named by Diamond Comic Distributors' "Scoop" e-newsletter as a Top Ten Trade Paperback of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19110121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110121" title="Color mixing">
Color mixing

There are two types of color mixing: "Additive" and "Subtractive". In both cases there are three primary colors, three secondary colors (colors made from 2 of the three primary colors in equal amounts), and one tertiary color made from all three primary colors.
Additive Mixing.
Additive mixing of colors generally involves mixing colors of light. In additive mixing of colors there are three primary colors: red, green, and blue. In the absence of color or, when no colors are showing, the result is black. If all three primary colors are showing, the result is white. When red and green combine, the result is yellow. When red and blue combine, the result is magenta. When blue and green combine, the result is cyan. Additive mixing is used in television and computer monitors to produce a wide range of colors using only three primary colors.
Subtractive Mixing.
Subtractive mixing is done by selectively removing certain colors, for instance with optical filters. The three primary colors in subtractive mixing are yellow, magenta, and cyan. In subtractive mixing of color, the absence of color is white and the presence of all three primary colors is black. In subtractive mixing of colors, the secondary colors are the same as the primary colors from additive mixing, and vice versa. Subtractive mixing is used to create a variety of colors when printing on paper by combining a small number of ink colors, and also when painting. The mixing of pigments does not produce perfect subtractive color mixing because some light from the subtracted color is still being reflected. This results in a darker and desaturated color compared to the color that would be achieved with ideal filters.
Importance to vision.
Additive color mixing—red and green combining to make yellow, for example, or blue and yellow producing white—runs counter to the commonsense observation that, for example, yellow paint plus cyan paint makes green paint. In this case, one must understand that the wavelengths of light that reach the eye are often selected via these more intuitive subtractive processes: for example, cyan paint appears to our eye as cyan because it absorbs red wavelengths, and a yellow paint appears yellow because it absorbs blue wavelengths. When white light falls on a combination of cyan and yellow, then, both red and blue are absorbed, and green is reflected to the eye.

</doc>
<doc id="19110212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110212" title="Rafer Weigel">
Rafer Weigel

Rafer Weigel (born May 5, 1969) is the weekend sports anchor and reporter at WLS-TV in Chicago. He was sports anchor for CNN HLN’s "Morning Express with Robin Meade" and a former actor.
Background.
Weigel grew up in a journalism household in Evanston, Illinois—the son of the sports anchor and newspaper columnist Tim Weigel and former WGN-Radio news anchor Kathy Worthington. He is the grandson of Weigel Broadcasting founder and former Lawrence Welk radio announcer, John Jacob Weigel. Weigel has two sisters, Jenniffer Weigel, a former Chicago television news anchor and published author, and Teddi, who began high school in 2008. Weigel has been married to photographer Tiffany Weigel since June 2002. They had their first child, son Heathcliff John Weigel, on November 20, 2009. Weigel is named after Olympian Rafer Johnson.
Growing up, Weigel regularly spent time among journalists and media personalities, including columnist Mike Royko, Studs Terkel, Steve Dahl, Gene Siskel and Richard Roeper. His father Tim began his career as a newspaper beat writer and eventually became a popular Chicago sports anchor. He died of cancer at the age of 55 in 2001. Weigel decided to follow in his father's footsteps after his death.
Weigel graduated from Evanston Township High School in 1987 where he started performing on stage with the Piven Theatre Workshop's Young People's company which featured such notables as John Cusack, Joan Cusack and Jeremy Piven. He worked summers as an intern for his father at WLS-TV. Weigel continued his education at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, graduating with a degree in Theatre in 1992 after finishing his studies in London.
Career.
Acting.
Weigel's first acting job was with Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre as the title role in ""Master Harold"...and the Boys" and worked with others such as The Wisdom Bridge, Bailiwick, and Organic theatres. His first television role was a small part on the locally-filmed TV show "The Untouchables". In 1993, Weigel was hired for a news magazine show featuring younger journalists and brought out to Hollywood. Shortly thereafter, Weigel was hired as an on-camera host for VH1 where he joined now fellow Headline News anchor A.J. Hammer.
In 1995, Weigel returned to Hollywood, landing small speaking roles on "ER" and "Party of Five", and guest starring on "JAG", "Charmed", and the former "Vengeance Unlimited". In 1997, Weigel was hired as a series regular on the NBC sitcom "Jenny", starring former fellow Chicagoan Jenny McCarthy. The series lasted only one season. During this year he also played the dark jedi Yun in the video game "". Soon thereafter, Weigel began his film career in the lead role opposite William Shatner and Eric McCormack in the cult movie "Free Enterprise", and then alongside Emilio Estevez and Charlie Sheen in the Showtime film "Rated X".
Journalism.
When his father died on in 2001, he began his pursuit of a career in journalism and returned to Chicago. He wrote an essay after his father's death that ran in the "Chicago Sun-Times" that opened the door for him as a freelance writer covering high school sports. Weigel covered games all over the Chicago area and wrote regular features on local high school athletes. He also hosted a weekly radio show on WCKG called "Celebrity Rock." A year later, he and his wife, Tiffany, relocated back to Los Angeles, where he worked as a clerk in the sports department at "The Los Angeles Times". He began writing articles for "The Times" on a freelance basis and a year later was hired full-time as a high school sports staff writer.
Television.
Weigel's first on-camera journalism job came in 2005 as a freelance reporter for KUSI in San Diego for the weekend morning show—doing live remotes at events as well as covering breaking news. He continued working nights at "The L.A. Times" and mornings for the TV station. In February, 2006 he was hired by the CBS-owned and operated station KOVR in Sacramento as a general assignment reporter where he covered breaking news, politics and national stories like the Tahoe wildfires and wayward whales Delta and Dawn. In February 2008, Weigel joined the cast of the already-successful morning show "Morning Express with Robin Meade". Weigel and the CNN Sports team extensively covered the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. In March 2011, Weigel became the new weekend sports anchor and reporter at top-rated WLS-Channel 7. He replaced Ryan Chiaverini, now co-host of Channel 7's live morning show "Windy City Live," a role Weigel himself had been under consideration for. [http://timeoutchicago.com/arts-culture/chicago-media-blog/210867/abc-7-gets-serious-in-auditioning-hosts-for-fun-oprah-replace]

</doc>
<doc id="19110227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110227" title="V. G. Siddhartha">
V. G. Siddhartha

V. G. Siddhartha is an Indian businessman from Karnataka. He is best known as the founder-owner of the chain of Cafe Coffee Day outlets.
Personal life.
Siddhartha (now known V. G. Siddhartha) obtained a Masters in Economics degree from Mangalore University, Karnataka. He married the daughter of S. M. Krishna, former Chief Minister of Karnataka, Indian Minister for External Affairs and Governor of Maharashtra.
Early career.
After doing his Masters he decided to join J M Financial Services (now J M Morgan Stanley) in Mumbai as a management trainee/intern in trading on the Indian Stock Market under Mr. Mahendra Kampani. After a two-year stint with J M Financial Services, when Siddhartha returned to Bangalore, his father gave him a good amount of money to start any business of his choice. Siddhartha promptly bought a stock market card for Rs 30,000 with it, along with a company called Sivan Securities - which was renamed in year 2000 as Way2wealth Securities Ltd with vision of set "new standards in the retail financial services in India " and Venture Capital division came to be known as ‘Global Technology Ventures (GTV)’ as well as a site in the city in 1984 and turned it into a highly successful investment banking and stock broking company.
Coffee business.
Almost 15 years later, Siddhartha established a successful coffee business in Karnataka. He grows coffee in Chikmagalur and exports about 28,000 tonne of coffee annually, sells another 2,000 tonne locally for about Rs 350 million each year, and his coffee growing and trading company Amalgamated Bean Company(ABC) has an annual turnover of Rs 25 billion. Siddhartha now has 200 exclusive retail outlets selling his brand of Coffee Day powder all over South India. ABC is India's largest exporter of green coffee.
He owns 12,000 acres (4047 ha) of coffee plantations.
He started his coffee trading company ABC in 1993, with a Rs 60 million turnover. His company grew gradually. He bought an ailing coffee curing unit in Hassan for Rs 40 million and turned it around. Now, his company has a curing capacity of 75,000 tonne, which is the largest in the country.
He was the first entrepreneur in Karnataka to set up a cyber café in 1996 (Café Coffee Day, a chain of youth hangout coffee parlors). Now, he has 1407 Coffee Day Cafes in India. V G Siddhartha also hopes to bag the contract to take his chain to all the airports of Karnataka and then the rest of the country. His cyber cafes attract at least 40,000 to 50,000 visitors a week.
V.G. Siddhartha was awarded the 'Entrepreneur of the year' – 2003 by "The Economic Times" for 'crafting a successful pan Indian brand for a commodity business and giving Indian consumers a new lifestyle experience that is within reach of the common man.'
Amalgamated Bean Coffee Trading Company Ltd. today is the largest exporter of green coffee from India and perhaps one of the two fully integrated coffee companies of Asia, involved in all sectors of Coffee from plantations to retailing to exports. 'Coffee Day Group' today is the only fully integrated and largest coffee conglomerate in India and is attributed with creating the 'coffee revolution' in India - acknowledged by the Coffee Board of India Amalgamated Bean Coffee Trading Company Ltd. – (ABCTCL) is India's largest coffee conglomerate and coffee exporter, pioneering India's first concept café's 'Café Coffee Day', a chain of youth hangout coffee parlors. From a handful of cafés in six cites in the first 5 years, 'Café Coffee Day' has today become India's largest and premier retail chain of cafes with 1438 cafes in 135 cities around the country.
Other businesses.
Siddhartha also founded Global Technology Ventures Ltd. in 2000, a company that identifies, invests and mentors Indian companies engaged in cutting edge technologies. Currently he also holds Board Seats in GTV, Mindtree, Liqwid Krystal, Way2Wealth and Ittiam. GTV has now set up a global technology village on a technology incubator park in Bangalore, which will provide its companies office space, communication links, recreational facilities and even a commercial centre. GTV has been valued by BankAm at $100 million last year, and is expected to have doubled its valuation this year. It is poised to grow on the lines of Softbank of Japan.
Banana exports.
He has planted banana trees on 3000 acres (1214 ha) and plans to export bananas.
Daffco Furniture.
He owns a Furniture company called The Dark Forest Furniture Company, named after his estate in Chickamagalur, 'Kathale Kahn Estate' is venturing into furniture by building a factory in Chikmagalur, Karnataka It initially plans to supply furniture to Cafe Coffee Day outlets. However the construction of the facility is yet to begin.
Logistics.
A majority stake in SICAL Logistics was purchased by him. It has acquired coke mines in New Jersey. SICAL will become one of the multibagger in coming days as per his view.

</doc>
<doc id="19110250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110250" title="Thomas G. Ayers">
Thomas G. Ayers

Thomas G. Ayers (February 16, 1915, Detroit, Michigan – June 8, 2007, Chicago, Illinois) was president (1964–1980), CEO and chairman (1973–1980) of Commonwealth Edison.
Ayers served as chairman of the Board of Trustees of Northwestern University, the Erikson Institute, the Bank Street College of Education in New York City, the Chicago Symphony, the Chicago Community Trust, the Chicago Urban League, the Community Renewal Society, the Chicago Association of Commerce and Industry, Chicago United, the Leadership Council for Metropolitan Open Communities, and Dearborn Park Corp., and served as vice president of the Chicago Board of Education.</ref>
Ayers also served on the board of directors of Sears, G.D. Searle, Chicago Pacific Corp., Zenith Corp., Northwest Industries, General Dynamics Corp. of St. Louis, First National Bank of Chicago, the Chicago Cubs, and the Tribune Co.
In 1938, he married Mary Andrew, the mother of his children. His son William Ayers, once the leader of the radical Weather Underground, has been a professor of education at the University of Illinois at Chicago since 1987. His son John Ayers, once on the staff (1983–1986) of former U.S. Rep. Lane Evans (D-IL), is a national leader in charter school development.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="19110265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110265" title="Dangerous Connection">
Dangerous Connection

Dangerous Connection is the second LP released from the Boston hip hop duo, 7L & Esoteric. 

</doc>
<doc id="19110277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110277" title="The Invaluable Darkness">
The Invaluable Darkness

The Invaluable Darkness is a live DVD by symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir. It was released on October 14, 2008. It is also the eighth song, not counting bonus tracks, on "In Sorte Diaboli", their eighth studio album.
Track listing.
DVD One:The Invaluable Darkness Tour - Europe 2007.
Sentrum Scene in Oslo, Norway – November 6, 2007:
Columbiahalle in Berlin, Germany - October 21, 2007:
The Forum in London, UK – September 28, 2007:
II. Behind-The-Scenes Footage
III. Special Feature
DVD Two.
I. Wacken Open Air, Germany – Black Metal Stage – August 2, 2007
II. P3 Session – NRK Studio 19 IN Oslo, Norway – September 18, 2007
III. Video Gallery
IV. Gold Awards Oslo
V. Image Gallery
Bonus Audio CD.
P3 Session @ NRK Studio 19 in Oslo, Norway - September 18, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="19110324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110324" title="Christopher Coake">
Christopher Coake

Christopher Coake (b. November 28, 1971) is an American fiction writer.
Background.
Coake is the author of a collection of short stories, "We're in Trouble" (Harcourt, 2005), for which he was awarded the PEN/Robert W. Bingham Prize in 2006, and of the novel "You Came Back" (Grand Central, 2012). He was named by the 2007 issue of the British fiction journal "Granta" as one of the twenty "Best Young American Novelists."
Coake currently resides in Reno, Nevada, where he teaches creative writing at the University of Nevada, Reno. He received the Silver Pen Award from the Friends of the University of Nevada, Reno Libraries on November 14, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19110341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110341" title="Wakako">
Wakako

Wakako (わかこ, ワカコ) is a feminine Japanese given name.

</doc>
<doc id="19110375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110375" title="Baharo Phool Barsao">
Baharo Phool Barsao

Baharo Phool Barsao is a blockbuster Pakistani Urdu colour film produced and directed by Indian director Mehmood Sadiq (aka M. Sadiq). He had come from India to produce and direct this film, but died halfway through its production. It was completed by Hasan Tariq. It cast Waheed Murad, Rani, Rukhsana, Munawwar Zareef, Saiqa, Kamal Irani, Tamanna, Ilyas Kashmiri, Aslam Pervez and Sangeeta (as guest star). The film is based on India's Lucknow culture.
Release.
"BPB" was released by Sadiq Productions on 11 August 1972 in Pakistani cinemas. The film completed 23 weeks on main cinema and 64 weeks on other cinemas of Karachi and, thus, became a blockbuster Golden Jubilee film of the year. The film was again released in 1983, after Waheed Murad's death, in Lahore's cinemas and it again celebrated Golden Jubilee in its second run, which is a unique record for any Pakistani film.
Music.
The music of the film is composed by Nashad and the songs are written by Shewan Rizvi. Playback singers are Masood Rana, Noor Jehan, Ahmad Rushdi, Mala, Tasawwur Khanum, Irene Perveen, and Shaukat Ali. The songs of the film became very popular esp. "Mere dil ki hai awaz...", "Yeh ghar mera gulshan hai..." and "Chanda re chanda...". A list of the songs of the film is as follows:
Awards.
"BPB" won 4 Nigar Awards in the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="19110410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110410" title="Corey Potter">
Corey Potter

Corey Potter (born January 5, 1984) is an American ice hockey defenseman, who currently plays for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career.
Potter was drafted 122nd overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Rangers. He played his first NHL game for the Rangers on December 7, 2008 against the Calgary Flames. He scored his first NHL point, an assist on a Dmitri Kalinin goal, on December 27, 2008 against the New Jersey Devils. He scored his first NHL goal on April 2, 2009 against the Carolina Hurricanes. 
He was signed as a free agent by the Pittsburgh Penguins on July 16, 2010.
On July 1, 2011, Potter signed a one year, two-way contract with the Edmonton Oilers. His signing was in part due to the urging of Oilers coach Tom Renney. After appearing in only one NHL game with the Penguins the previous year, he made the club out of training camp. He has played a large role, including being featured on the first unit power-play.
On January 9, 2012, Potter signed a two-year extension with the Oilers In his 62nd game after Potter was hit by Bobby Ryan of the Anaheim Ducks, he suffered a concussion, and missed the remainder of the regular season.
On October 2, 2012 he signed a temporary NHL lockout contract with the Vienna Capitals of the Austrian Hockey League. Potter appeared in 17 games for 4 points before returning to the Oilers for the shortened 2012–13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19110429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110429" title="Salmon Mountain">
Salmon Mountain

Salmon Mountain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19110437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110437" title="Granatnik wz.36">
Granatnik wz.36

The Granatnik wz.36 was a Polish grenade launcher designed in originally in 1927 as "wz.30" and later modified in 1936. It entered service in 1936 becoming the standard grenade launcher of the Polish Army; it was still in use during the German invasion of Poland in 1939.
The wz.30 had a maximum range of 700 meters; this was increased to 800 meters in the wz.36. They both fired the same 46 mm shell, weighting 0.76 kg. About 3,850 of these 46 mm mortars were produced by 1939. Typically 81 such mortars were distributed to each Polish infantry division—three per company.

</doc>
<doc id="19110438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110438" title="James Salomoni">
James Salomoni

Blessed James Salomoni (; 1231–1314) was an Italian Dominican priest, ascetic, and mystic who is venerated as a beatus by the Catholic Church.
Born in Venice into a noble family, Salomoni was brought up by his mother after his father died. His mother later became a Cistercian nun and he was then raised by his grandmother. He became a Dominican friar at the age of seventeen, and became prior of various places, including Forlì, Faenza, San Severino, and Ravenna. But Forlì was finally where he settled for the rest of his life.
He gained fame for healing paralytics and for his prophetic abilities, obtained through a state of religious ecstasy. He lived for 45 years at a convent in Forlì, which considers him a patron and was called there the “father of the poor” ("padre dei poveri"). He also earned fame for being the person who received the confession of Carino of Balsamo, the murderer of Peter of Verona, and became his spiritual father.
Salomoni suffered from cancer for four years, but he was cured some time before his death. He died in Forlì in 1314.
Veneration.
In 1315, a brotherhood was founded to promote veneration for Salomoni. In 1526, his cult was approved for Forlì, and around 1568 for Venice; Pope Gregory XV approved his cult for the Dominicans in 1622. Salomoni’s remains were conserved in a funereal urn at Forlì, but in 1939, his relics were translated to Venice, in the basilica of Santi Giovanni e Paolo, to the Chapel of Blessed James Salomoni. 
A shrine was built to Salomoni at Saint Catherine of Siena Church (which is run by the Dominican Order) in Manhattan.
The oldest indult which Benedict XIV quotes in this connection is that granted by Clement VII to the Dominicans of the Convent of Forlì, 25 January 1526, to celebrate the Mass of Blessed James Salomoni "as often during the year as their devotion may move them to do so" (Benedict XIV, "De canonizatione de SS.")[http://www.ewtn.com/library/mary/ceblesse.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="19110453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110453" title="Sasanishiki">
Sasanishiki

Sasanishiki is a Japanese rice from Sendai, Japan.
Sasanishiki was created as a mixture of Hatsunishiki and Sasashigure at Furukawa Agricultural Experiment Station in Miyagi prefecture in Japan in 1963. The unique feature of this particular kind of Japanese rice is its ability to keep the same taste even when cooling down. This makes it good for sushi, and some sushi restaurants in Japan advertise the use of this rice.

</doc>
<doc id="19110477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110477" title="Mil Millington">
Mil Millington

Mil Millington (real name Robert Millington) is a British author of humorous books.
History.
Millington first came to public prominence as a writer when he created a web-site entitled "Things My Girlfriend and I Have Argued About", describing arguments and misunderstandings between Millington and his German girlfriend Margret, mother of his two sons. The site was initially hosted on Wolverhampton University's web servers, but Millington was required to move it to privately owned servers when concerns arose about the site's content which included a sex survey about women with hairy armpits.
Due to the site's popularity, Millington was offered a publishing deal, and wrote a novel with the same title as his web-site, but with new content, published in 2002. He has published four subsequent novels with humorous content: and his works have been translated into Japanese, Russian, Dutch, German, Swedish, Finnish, Hebrew, Spanish, and Serbo-Croat.
Other works.
Millington is also the co-creator of the site www.TheWeekly.co.uk, and has contributed to several newspapers, notably "The Guardian" and the "Daily Express". His work for the Guardian included a column called "Anxious About Everything" 
"The Guardian" newspaper named Millington as one of the five best debut novelists in 2002. He has also recently worked with Jonathan Nash on scripts for the BBC radio series "The Adventures of Sexton Blake." (2009)

</doc>
<doc id="19110530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110530" title="USS Beaufort (ATS-2)">
USS Beaufort (ATS-2)

USS "Beaufort" (ATS-2) was an "Edenton"-class salvage and rescue ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1972 and maintained in service until struck in 1996. "Beaufort" spent her entire career in the Pacific Ocean, based out of Pearl Harbor, and provided salvage and rescue services where needed from the Western Pacific to the North Pacific.
Construction.
The fifth ship to be so named by the Navy, "Beaufort" (ATS-2) was laid down on 19 February 1968 at Lowestoft, England, by Brooke Marine Ltd.; launched on 20 December 1968; sponsored by Mrs. Waldemar F. A. Wendt; delivered to the Navy at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard on 5 January 1972; and commissioned there on 22 January 1972, Lt. Comdr. Arthur R. Erwin in command.
Naval service.
"Beaufort" completed outfitting at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard on 5 April 1972 and moved first to the Naval Operating Base, Norfolk, Virginia, for deperming and thence to Little Creek, Virginia, to load in preparation for the voyage to Pearl Harbor.
She made an overnight stop at one of her namesake cities, Beaufort, South Carolina, on 14 and 15 April and a two-day visit to Port Royal, South Carolina, from 15 to 17 April before resuming her voyage to Hawaii. The salvage tug transited the Panama Canal on 24 April and headed up the U.S. West Coast of North America to San Diego, arriving there on 3 May. Five days later, "Beaufort" put to sea on the last leg of her voyage.
She arrived in Pearl Harbor on 15 May and became a unit of Service Squadron (ServRon) 5. The ship remained in port until 5 June at which time she began shakedown training in the Hawaiian Islands operating area.
The salvage tug completed shakedown training on 23 June and soon began diver and salvage training. August brought final contract trials; and, in September, she resumed salvage training and capability evaluation. Between 13 October and 15 November, she towed the former "Observation Island" (AG-154) to San Francisco, and returned to Pearl Harbor. She arrived back in Pearl Harbor on 15 November and began post-shakedown availability.
First Western Pacific Ocean deployment.
That repair period occupied her for the rest of 1972 and ended on 15 March 1973. At that time, she resumed normal operations out of Pearl Harbor. Salvage training kept her busy until 16 May when she got underway for her first deployment to the western Pacific. "Beaufort" stopped at Midway Island and Guam before arriving in the Philippine Islands at Subic Bay on 8 June. She conducted operations in the vicinity of Subic Bay until the beginning of July. At that time, the salvage tug got underway for Vietnam. Between 8 and 22 July, she served as a support ship for the minesweepers engaged in Operation End Sweep, the removal of mines from Haiphong harbor in North Vietnam.
Losing her tows in a storm.
She returned to Subic Bay late in July for a short period of upkeep. From there, the salvage tug went to Naha, Okinawa, to pick up three pontoon barges for towing to Ream, Cambodia. While at Ream Harbor, Cambodia, the U.S.S. Beaufort came under attack in an ambush from enemy machine gun fire. Gunnersmates Day, Seabo. Kelly and Reed responded with return fire from the .50 Caliber machine guns, and opened fire from the 20mm. The Cambodian ship also came under enemy fire; and had an explosion on board. The Cambodian ship only had its Captain and one enlisted sailor survive, the other men were killed. The Captain of the Beaufort directed the Captain of the Cambodian ship, and a minor argument ensued, even as both were under enemy machine gun fire; the Captain of the Cambodian ship relented. The Beaufort towed the wounded ship out of the immediate area. The beginning of the day was quiet and the birds were singing in the jungle - until the ambush. 'Beaufort' departed Naha on 1 August and shaped a course for Ream. Off the coast of South Vietnam, however, she encountered a storm; and all three barges broke the lines, and in order not to have the barges floating around the Pacific Ocean, the crew of the 'Beaufort' sank all three barges with .50 caliber machine guns, and 20mm fire, the 20mm gun mount was full of brass, it was difficult to stand on the brass, shoot a moving target in the rolling sea, from the deck of a rolling ship.
The ship continued on to Ream where she arrived on 14 August. There, she picked up another tow, a Cambodian Landing Craft, Infantry (LCI), for the voyage back to Subic Bay. The salvage tug reached her destination on 19 August. On the 27th, she got underway for Hong Kong where she made a storm-induced, extended port visit. "Beaufort" departed Hong Kong on 8 September and headed back toward the Philippines. On the approach to Subic Bay, she took in tow and brought her into port on the 10th. After the 'Beaufort' reached port, the United States Marines bought the crew of the 'Beaufort' all of the beer they could drink anywhere on the mainstreet of Magsaysay Street in olongapo Subic Bay.
She put to sea again on 25 September to help to refloat the grounded USNS "Sgt. Jack J. Pendleton" and returned to Subic Bay from that mission on 9 October. The crew of the Pendelton ran-a-ground on the coral shoal of Triton Island in the Paracel Islands out to sea off of the DMZ of North Vietnam and South Vietnam; the Pendelton was 10 degrees off course during the storm. It was hauling ammunition to South Vietnam. The seas were heavy, with high waves being pushed by high winds. As the storm subsided, the 'Beaufort' hooked its steel cables to the aft section of the 'Pedleton' and attempted to tow her off of the snow white coral reef; there was no moving the ship. A barge was called from South Vietnam to unload the ammunition, and get it to U.S. Forces in South Vietnam, the unloading was completed by the sailors of the 'Pendleton'. While the unloading was being completed, the crew of the 'Beaufort' put its Navy Divers, Scuba, and Hard Hat Divers into the water to recon the bottom hull of the 'Pendleton'. The Beaufort Hull Technician Divers, and the Explosive Ordnance Demolition E.O.D. Divers noticed a crack in the hull; it was a gap between four inches to twelve inches, and compartments on flooded, which added additional weight. The bow of the 'Pendelton' was protruding approximately twenty feet up toward the sky. Additional ships were dispatched to the scene to assist in pulling the ship off the reef. During the same time, China sent a message stating it owned the island and to stop all procedures and depart the island; North Vietnam also stated it owned the coral reef and to make haste out of the area or it would send a warship to engage the Navy ships, both dispatches were taken seriously, however, no county was taking an operational naval vessel. All towing attempts failed, and a typhoon was closing in on the area. The 'Beaufort' made on final attempt. Another ship rammed the starboard, nearly crushing a sailor, as the I-Beam of the other ship crushed-in the side of the 'Beaufort'. The ship was hit so hard, the mast began to shake violently, and the men on the ship's bridge were on the deck waiting for it to crash. The 'Beaufort' removed all men from the 'Pendelton', and loaded Divers into a Mike Boat, Landing Craft. The Divers took dive equipment, and demolitions to the 'Pendleton', and set charges to the hull. After retreating approximately 1,000 yards, the charges exploded, and the ship was there "for the duration". It was used as a Radar Beacon for aircraft. The 'Beaufort' Hull Technicians shored its bulkhead with wood and steel, until it could get back to port for major repairs. During repairs, a U.S. Naval Destroyer was docked starboard side to 'Beaufort'. The 'Beaufort' was under shipyard repairs. There was a 'Wood Camel', a floating dock between the ships, for which shipyard workers were painting the hull of the starboard side. The 'Beaufort' was taking on fuel, which had an 'over flow', and dumped into the area between the ships, and surrounded the 'camel' with two men on it; the Destroyer was flying a red Bravo Flag, taking on ammunition. The 'Beaufort' crew were securing from normal operation for the day, and as sailors were taking showers in the Head 'bathroom', the ship yard welders arc and metal slag fell into the fuel laden water. The fuel caught fire. The Fire Alarm sounded, and the 'In Port Scene Leader' Hull Technician who had the duty day, responded to the fire on the Main Deck Starboard Side, he was dressed in his Skivy Boxer Shorts, and Boots. He dragged out a fire hose, and began to fight the fire, he called for additional fire teams to direct water toward the men on the 'Camel' and for others to rescue the men. Then he directed his fire team to put water onto the Destroyer three Port sidetorpedo tube, which had three live torpedoes; the type one would view on a World War II PT Boat, the Fire Scene Leader of the 'Beaufort' was giving orders to a Lieutenant, who refused to listen, so the Fire Scene Leader of Repair Party #3, hosed him to get the Officer aways from the torpedoes, as flames were reaching the weapons. The Scene Leader received flash burns on his face, arms, and chest. The men on the Camel were later rescued. Three Fire Teams were on scene that day, and not one man ran from the danger of possible explosions, they stood their post and put the fire out. The Captain was at the fire scene to assist his men. Some of the men of the Fire Teams were Alegra, Allen, Master Chief Belk, Beltzek, Butler, Duke was burned, Kopitar led Team #2, Mecca, Miller, Rogers, Weirsma, Yost, and several others. On the 24th, the salvage tug shaped a course for Sasebo, Japan. She arrived in Sasebo on 29 October and remained there until 4 November. On the latter day, "Beaufort" took two tank landing ships in tow and began the voyage back to Pearl Harbor. She reentered her home port on 28 November and spent the rest of the year in post-deployment leave and upkeep.
North Pacific operations.
From 1 January to 20 May 1974, "Beaufort" underwent a restricted availability in the Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard. Following that repair period, she resumed normal operations in the Hawaiian Islands. That employment lasted until 16 August when she stood out of Pearl Harbor in company with USNS "Silas Bent" (T-AGS-26) bound for Alaskan waters. She operated with "Silas Bent" until mid-September.
On the 18th, the salvage tug parted company with "Silas Bent" and laid in a course for Bremerton, Washington. She visited Bremerton from 25 September to 10 October and Vancouver, British Columbia, between 10 and 17 October. During the remainder of October, she made calls at Seattle, Washington; Astoria, Oregon; Longview, Washington; Portland, Oregon; and San Francisco, California. On 4 November, "Beaufort" departed San Francisco to return to Pearl Harbor. She reentered her home port on 10 November and remained there through the end of 1974.
Return to the Far East.
A restricted availability occupied her during most of January 1975. She resumed operations out of Pearl Harbor on the 27th. Type training, diving drills, and local tows kept her busy until 30 June when she entered the Dillingham Shipyard for a pre-deployment restricted availability. "Beaufort" resumed local operations on 23 August, and they lasted until 8 September when she got underway for the Far East.
The salvage tug stopped at Guam from 15 to 19 September and then continued on to the Philippines. She arrived in Subic Bay on the 24th and operated out of that port until 18 November when she set a course for Japan. Between 24 November and 4 December, "Beaufort" salvaged some amphibious equipment that had been blown to sea by a storm near Numazu, Japan. On 5 December, she put into Sasebo, Japan, for two days of upkeep. She returned to sea on the 7th, bound for Chinhae, Korea, where she spent the period between 9 and 19 December supporting Republic of Korea Navy salvage training operations. On 20 December, she returned to Sasebo and remained there through the end of the year.
"Beaufort" departed Sasebo on 3 January 1976 and shaped a course for Taiwan. After visits to Keelung and Tsoying, Taiwan, she conducted five days of salvage training with the Taiwanese Navy before heading back to Subic Bay on the 17th. She operated out of Subic Bay until 14 February when she departed the Philippines for Guam towing . The salvage tug brought her charge into Apra Harbor on 22 February and, two days later, got underway with in tow and headed for Midway Island. "Beaufort" dropped her tow off at Midway on 6 March and continued her voyage back to Pearl Harbor.
The ship arrived at Oahu on 9 March and began a month of post-deployment leave and upkeep. She underwent a restricted availability for the installation of firefighting equipment and new navigational lights during the latter part of April and most of May. She resumed operations out of Pearl Harbor on 27 May. Concluding those operations on 16 August, she reentered the Dillingham Shipyard for a regular overhaul.
The yard work took about a year, occupying the remainder of 1976 and the first eight months of 1977. During the final three months of the overhaul, however, "Beaufort" put to sea occasionally for tests and evaluations. After 24 May, additional repairs were made at the Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard. She resumed normal operations in September, conducting refresher training in the local operating area between the 6th and the 25th. Normal operations—salvage training and diving drills—occupied her time until the end of the first week in November.
Re-deployment to the Western Pacific.
On the 7th, "Beaufort" stood out of Pearl Harbor on her way to the western Pacific. She arrived at Apra Harbor, Guam, on 18 November. For the next two weeks, she conducted special operations in the Mariana Islands operating area. On 2 December, she broke off the special operations to evade a typhoon at Buckner Bay, Okinawa. On 7 December, she resumed the special operations which lasted until the 14th.
The following day, the salvage tug reentered Apra Harbor. She departed Guam on the 22d bound for Korea. She reached Pusan on the 26th but departed again the next day for Chinhae. "Beaufort" provided support services for from 28 to 31 December and then headed back to Pusan.
Following a visit to that port on 1 and 2 January 1978, the salvage tug weighed anchor for Japan. She arrived at Sasebo on 4 January once again and began a 15-day upkeep period. On 20 January, "Beaufort" put to sea for Korea once again. She stopped at Chinhae from the 21st to the 23d, then headed for Numazu, Japan, where she conducted salvage operations between 26 January and 9 February. After a stop at Yokosuka on 10 and 11 February, she towed the former to sea for a sinking exercise. She completed that mission on the 17th and laid in a course for Hong Kong. At the end of a four-day call at the British colony, the salvage tug headed for Taiwan where she took part in salvage exercises with elements of the Taiwanese Navy early in March.
Salvaging a downed F-14.
She returned to Hong Kong on 9 March for an 11-day visit before getting underway for Subic Bay. On her way there, however, she received orders diverting her to the Gulf of Thailand to salvage a downed F-14. From 25 to 31 March, conducted recovery operations on the fighter.
On 1 April, "Beaufort" put into Singapore for a week of liberty and upkeep. She returned to sea on the 9th, bound for surveillance duties in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands. That mission continued until 23 April when the ship entered Apra Harbor, Guam, for a two-day port call. On 26 April, she began her voyage home to Oahu. She reached Pearl Harbor on 5 May and began a month of post-deployment leave and upkeep.
On 5 June, "Beaufort" resumed normal operations with a visit to Lahaina Roads near the island of Maui. There, she conducted a bow-lift exercise on the former Bluegill. Similar duty elsewhere in the Hawaiian Islands and the mid-Pacific operating area occupied her for the rest of the year and into 1979.
Return to the Western Pacific.
At the end of January 1979, she entered the Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard for a restricted availability. "Beaufort" completed repairs on 11 March and resumed local operations. On 1 April, the salvage tug began preparations for overseas movement and, on the 24th, departed Pearl Harbor for the western Pacific. The ship arrived in Apra Harbor, Guam, on 5 May and operated from that port until the 27th when she got underway for the Philippine Islands.
Beaufort stopped at Legaspi between 1 and 4 June before arriving in Subic Bay on the 6th. For the next four months, she performed the usual U.S. 7th Fleet duty visiting a number of ports, towing ships, and conducting salvage training. On 29 September, she departed Yokosuka, Japan, to return to Hawaii. "Beaufort" arrived in Pearl Harbor on 10 October and, after post-deployment standdown, resumed local operations on 13 November.
Duty out of Pearl Harbor occupied her time through the next nine months. On 25 August 1980, she got underway for the west coast of the United States. The ship reached Oakland, California, on 1 September and remained there until the 7th. "Beaufort" headed back to Hawaii on 8 September and arrived there on 15 September. Five days later, she got underway for the western Pacific. The salvage tug arrived in Apra Harbor, Guam, on 6 November. Following a nine-day stopover at Guam, "Beaufort" weighed anchor for the Philippines. En route, she conducted a surveillance mission in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands.
On 26 November, the salvage tug arrived in Subic Bay but remained only until the 30th when she embarked upon a voyage which took her to Thailand and Singapore. "Beaufort" returned to Subic Bay on 2 January 1981. She operated out of that port until 6 April when she got underway for home. The ship stopped at Guam on 12 April but continued her voyage east on the 13th. "Beaufort" reentered Pearl Harbor on 28 April and remained there until 8 June when she resumed operations in the Hawaiian Islands.
Decommissioning.
"Beaufort" was decommissioned on 8 March 1996 and was struck from the Navy List on 12 December 1996. She was disposed of through the Security Assistance Program, transfer and cash sale of the hull and transferred to the Republic of Korea Navy on 29 August 1996.
Honors and awards.
Qualified "Beaufort" personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19110537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110537" title="Spooky Swabs">
Spooky Swabs

Spooky Swabs is a Popeye theatrical cartoon short, starring Jack Mercer as Popeye and Mae Questel as Olive Oyl. Produced by Paramount Cartoon Studios (formerly Famous Studios) and directed by Isadore Sparber, it was released in 1957 and is the final cartoon in the Popeye series of theatrical cartoons released by Paramount Pictures.
Plot summary.
The cartoon opens with Popeye and Olive Oyl out at sea on a life raft playing checkers. Popeye suddenly spies an old sailing ship on the horizon, which also thrills Olive who cannot wait to go home and watch television again. Popeye then twirls his pipe around and, using it like an outboard motor, propels the raft towards the ship. The raft hits the ship and breaks apart, catapulting Popeye and Olive aboard. The camera then pulls over to the ship's figurehead, which also reveals the ship is called "Sea Witch," which has been adrift at sea since 1678.
Unbeknownst to the couple, as they search the ship for the crew, the ship does have a crew, but of ghosts with English accents (voiced by Mercer). Upon hearing voices outside their quarters, the ghosts wake up and spot the boarders. Despite concluding that the ship is deserted, Popeye determines that the ship is still seaworthy enough to return to land. Having heard this, the ghosts become alarmed at the thought of returning to human civilization, as they like the peace and quiet of being adrift at sea and don't like civilization. The captain of the ghost crew agrees that they must get rid of the boarders in order to keep their peaceful life at sea intact.
Soon afterwards, as Popeye starts to sail the ship in the direction towards land, two ghosts appear behind Olive (resting in the anchor rope) and toss the anchor overboard (to stop the ship in place), which unravels the rope and sends Olive flying and spinning. Olive then flies towards Popeye and, with her spinning legs, knocks him through the ship's wheel, much to the amusement of the ghosts. Olive manages to pull the wheel off Popeye, but only succeeds in getting stuck in the wheel herself, generating more laughter from the ghosts.
Later, while Olive repairs the wheel, Popeye starts pulling up the anchor, which gets the ship moving again, but one ghost paints grease on the last few yards of the rope and another ghost tangles some of the anchor rope around Popeye's leg. As soon as the anchor is almost aboard, the greased part of the rope slips through Popeye's hands and the anchor stops the ship again and pulls Popeye overboard into the water. While Popeye struggles underwater trying to free himself from the rope, Olive tries to pull the anchor back up, but isn't strong enough. The ghosts (now invisible) take the opportunity to blindfold Olive and force her to the plank. Back underwater, Popeye manages to grab a swordfish and use its snout to cut the rope, allowing him to swim back to the surface and back on to the ship, which has now started moving again.
At this point, the ghosts (still invisible and holding a sword) force Olive to walk the length of the plank while Olive cries out for Popeye. The sword disappears just as Popeye sees Olive almost about to walk off the edge of the plank. He picks it up and redirects it so that Olive ends up landing face first into a bucket of water. Olive cries out that she's drowning, but Popeye reassures her she's all right and goes to steer the ship. Just as soon as Olive spits out some water, she suddenly feels herself being carried along the deck. The moment Olive begins to state her suspicions about the ship, two ghosts (carrying her) appear, holding her by her arms.
Olive then freaks out and manages to escape the ghosts' grip, running past Popeye while screaming "Ghosts!," and immediately dives overboard, but Popeye catches her just in time and pulls her back aboard. Popeye tries to assure her that ghosts aren't real, but a ghost cuts loose a sail above them and the sail falls onto Popeye. Seeing Popeye covered by the sail, Olive shrieks (thinking Popeye is a ghost), grabs a quartermaster's baton, and starts clubbing Popeye with it, but Popeye's shouts make her stop right away and realize her mistake.
Seeing that all their haunting isn't working against the boarders, the ghosts run towards Popeye and Olive while wielding swords and shouting out what they intend to do with them. Olive flees to another part of the ship while Popeye runs into the ship's galley. While inside, he sees a jar of "ye king's spinach" and runs back out to face the attacking ghosts. Popeye immediately consumes the spinach and becomes invisible. The ghosts all stop at the spot where Popeye had been and wonder where he's gone. Popeye then appears in ghost form and punches all the ghosts so hard that they become solid. The now solid ghosts then crash into a wall, which kills them and allows Olive to take the ghosts and sew them together into a new sail.
With the ship now ghost free, Popeye and Olive sail off into the sunset back for civilization and sing Popeye's song as the short ends.
Availability.
Because this cartoon is in the public domain in the United States, it is available on various DVD compilations of theatrical Popeye cartoons as well as streaming video from various web sites. A restored authorized DVD release is planned from Warner Home Video in the Popeye the Sailor series of DVD collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19110549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110549" title="Louisiana Highway 73">
Louisiana Highway 73

Highway 73 is a highway stretching from Geismar, Louisiana, to Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Hwy. 73 was built as a bypass to the backbends of River Road. It was soon after bypassed itself in a more complete way with U.S. Route 61 (Airline Highway). 
Route description.
From LA 75 (River Road), 73 travels North North East as an undivided two-lane road through the Dutchtown area before hitting I-10 and US 61. From US 61 it turns north through Prairieville, Louisiana and turns northwest to cross Bayou Manchac. At one time, this portion of the highway was called Hope Villa Road. For most of its length in East Baton Rouge Parish, LA 73 is known as Jefferson Highway. At Tiger Bend Road it becomes a four-lane with turning lane for about a mile and before becoming concurrent with Airline Highway for another mile. After leaving Airline Highway it takes a generally northwesterly path until it becomes Government Street at the entrance to MidCity. As Government it proceeds due west to a junction with LA 991 (River Road).
History.
The route of LA 73 was originally called "Clay Cut Road," as it roughly followed the Claycut Bayou through the southern part of East Baton Rouge Parish. Other names for the road were Hope Villa Road, as it traversed through the community of Hope Villa in Ascension Parish. When the Jefferson Highway auto trail was designated in 1916, Clay Cut and Hope Villa Roads became part of the new road (there is now another Claycut Road in Baton Rouge, located south of the present-day LA-73). When Louisiana numbered their highways in 1921 plan, Jefferson Highway was designated Louisiana Highway 1. US 61 followed the section between Prairieville and the Mississippi River from 1926 until 1933 when the Airline Highway was opened between Prairieville and the Bonnet Carré Spillway. US 61 remained on the section between Prairieville and Baton Rouge until 1941, when Airline Highway was extended into Baton Rouge.

</doc>
<doc id="19110560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110560" title="Wright R-790 Whirlwind">
Wright R-790 Whirlwind

The Wright R-790 Whirlwind was a series of nine-cylinder air-cooled radial aircraft engines built by Wright Aeronautical Corporation, with a total displacement of about 790 in³ (12.9 L) and around 200 hp (150 kW). These engines were the earliest members of the Wright Whirlwind engine family.
Design and development.
The R-790 Whirlwind began as the Lawrance J-1, a nine-cylinder air-cooled radial developed in 1921 by the Lawrance Aero Engine Company for the U.S. Navy. The Navy was very enthusiastic about air-cooled engines, which it felt were better suited for naval use than liquid-cooled ones. But Lawrance was a small company, and the Navy doubted it could produce enough engines for their needs. Despite urgings from the Navy, the major U.S. aircraft engine makers, Wright and Curtiss, were satisfied with their liquid-cooled engines and showed no interest in building air-cooled ones. Since the Navy was already a major purchaser of Wright engines, it decided to force the issue by suggesting that Wright purchase Lawrance and build the J-1 itself, while informing the company that the Navy would not buy any more of its existing engines or spare parts. In order to keep the Navy's business, Wright was thus compelled to buy Lawrance in 1923, and the Lawrance J-1 became the Wright J-1.
By the time Lawrance merged with Wright, it had already developed the J-2, a more powerful version of the J-1 with slightly enlarged bore and displacement. However, Lawrance decided the J-1 was large enough, and the J-2 never went into production; only two examples were built.
Over the next two years, Wright gradually refined the J-1 engine, introducing the J-3, J-4, J-4A, and J-4B. The changes improved the engine's reliability, cooling, and fuel consumption, but the basic design, dimensions, and performance were unaltered.
The J-4 was the first engine to bear the Whirlwind name; previous engines had no name, only a designation.
The J-5 Whirlwind, introduced in 1925, was a complete redesign of the engine which greatly improved its cooling and breathing, further increasing its reliability and reducing its fuel consumption. Among the more visible changes were a much wider separation between the valves, for better cooling airflow, and completely enclosed pushrods and rocker arms, rather than exposed ones as on the earlier engines.
The U.S. government later designated the J-5 Whirlwind as the R-790, but it did not apply this designation to the older engines.
All these engines had a bore of 4.5 in (11.4 cm), a stroke of 5.5 in (14.0 cm), and a displacement of 788 in³ (12.91 L).
The J-5 was the last of the original nine-cylinder Whirlwinds. In 1928, it was replaced by the seven-cylinder version of the Whirlwind J-6.
Operational history.
Many Whirlwind engines were used in U.S. Navy aircraft, mostly in trainers but also in some ship-based observation and fighter aircraft. As the engines were refined and their reputation for reliability grew, their usage expanded to U.S. Army trainers and a wide range of U.S. civil aircraft, including the earliest versions of the Fokker Trimotor and Ford Trimotor airliners.
The reliability of J-5 Whirlwind engines also led aviators to use them for a number of record-setting distance and endurance flights. The most famous of these is Charles Lindbergh's solo transatlantic flight from New York City to Paris on May 20–21, 1927, in the "Spirit of St. Louis", powered by a single Whirlwind J-5C. During Lindbergh's flight, the engine ran continuously for 33.5 hours. Lindbergh's achievement greatly boosted the Whirlwind's already good reputation.
Some other historic long-duration flights made in aircraft powered by the J-5 Whirlwind:
Charles L. Lawrance, who developed the original Whirlwind series and became president of Wright, won the 1927 Collier Trophy for his work on air-cooled radial aircraft engines.
The Whirlwind J-5 was also produced under license in Poland by several makers. Among these were "Polskie Zakłady Skody", the Polish branch of Škoda Works, which built about 350 to 400 engines from 1929 to 1931, and the Polish firm Avia, which manufactured a further 300 engines from 1935 to 1938. Polish-built J-5s were used in numerous Polish aircraft, mostly in military training, observation, and liaison aircraft.
Engines on display.
Some museums which have J-5 Whirlwinds (or the military R-790 equivalents) on display:
Also in display at the San Francisco International Airport, International Terminal.
Older Whirlwinds on display are harder to find. The National Museum of Naval Aviation has two J-4s, one of which is a cutaway. The New England Air Museum in Windsor Locks, Connecticut, has a Lawrance J-1, the Whirlwind's direct predecessor.

</doc>
<doc id="19110571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110571" title="Martin A. Couney">
Martin A. Couney

Dr. Martin A. Couney (1870–1950) a pioneer in neonatal care, and student of Dr.Pierre-Constant Budin has saved thousands of infants by an unorthodox method of putting incubators of prematurely born babies on display. While technically being a carnival show on Coney Island, NY, the treatment of babies was ethically sound and paid for itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19110592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110592" title="Marie of Valois">
Marie of Valois

Marie of Valois may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19110614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110614" title="Sarah Choate Sears">
Sarah Choate Sears

Sarah Choate Sears (1858–1935) was an American art collector, art patron, cultural entrepreneur, artist and photographer.
Early life.
Sears, née Sarah Carlisle Choate, was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts on 5 May 1858, the daughter of Charles Francis and Elizabeth Carlisle Choate. Her family was one of the Boston Brahmins, a very prominent class of cultural society in New England.
In 1876 she studied painting at the Cowles Art School in Boston and later attended courses at the Museum of Fine Arts a few blocks away.
In 1877 she married real estate magnate Joshua Montgomery Sears (1854–1905), one of the wealthiest men in Boston. The combination of her own family’s wealth and that of her new husband meant that she would live a life of leisure, free to pursue whatever interested her. 
She continued her art studies and won prizes for her watercolors at the World’s Columbian Exposition in Chicago (1893), the Universal Exposition in Paris (1900), the Pan American Exposition in Buffalo (1901) and the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in Saint Louis (1904).
Photography and later life.
About 1890 she began exploring photography, and soon she was participating in local salons. She joined the Boston Camera Club in 1892, and her beautiful portraits and still lifes attracted the attention of fellow Boston photographer F. Holland Day. Soon her work was gaining international attention.
At the same time she was pursuing her photography interest, she and her husband were hosting some of the most elegant cultural and artistic parties in Boston. They often featured private symphonic performances and included many international composers and performers, including Ignacy Paderewski, Serge Koussevitsky and Dame Nellie Melba.
In 1899 she was given a one-woman show at the Boston Camera Club, and in 1900 she had several prints in Frances Benjamin Johnson’s famous exhibition in Paris.
In early 1900 she met American Impressionist Mary Cassatt, and the two continued to be friends for the remainder of their lives. During this same period she was elected as a member of the prestigious photographic associations: the Linked Ring in London and Alfred Stieglitz’s Photo-Secession in New York.
In 1904 she stopped working to care for her ailing husband, and after his death a year later she devoted herself to managing the family’s finances for a brief period. She then traveled throughout Europe with Cassatt and Gertrude Stein, collecting more art and living a highly glamorous lifestyle among artists, musicians and writers. Added by the advice of Cassatt, she began to collect early Impressionist paintings by Edgar Degas, Edward Manet and others. 
Her collection included Manet’s well-known ‘’Street Singer’’, later donated by her to the Museum of Fine Arts.
Under the guidance of Stieglitz, she also collected modernist paintings by Maurice Prendergast, Arthur B. Davies, Paul Cézanne, Georges Braque and Henri Matisse. She took a particular interest in Prendergast, arranging for his first Boston exhibition and later paying for him to study in Europe.
In 1907, two of her photographs were published in Camera Work, but by that time she had lost much of her interest in photography. She continued to paint watercolors for the rest of her life but rarely photographed again.
She died in West Gouldsboro, Maine, on 25 September 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19110627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110627" title="Miika Wiikman">
Miika Wiikman

Miika Wiikman (born October 17, 1984 in Mariestad, Västra Götaland County) is a Swedish-born Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Jokerit of the Finnish SM-liiga.
Playing career.
Wiikman started his junior career in Sweden with HV71 before moving to HPK in Finland, with whom he won the SM-liiga championship in 2006 and was a recipient of the Jari Kurri trophy as the Playoff MVP. He signed an AHL contract with the Hartford Wolf Pack on June 4, 2007. 
Miika started the 2008–09 season splitting playing time with Al Montoya. After the latter's trade to the Phoenix Coyotes organization, Wiikman became Hartford's primary goaltender, finishing the season with a 21-8-3 record, during which he was awarded Player of the Week on January 27, 2008. On April 24, 2008, he signed an NHL entry-level contract with the Rangers.
He opened the 2009–10 season again with Hartford before he was re-assigned to the Charlotte Checkers of the ECHL. On March 3, 2010, Wiikman was traded by the Rangers to the Phoenix Coyotes for Anders Eriksson. He was then assigned to AHL affiliate, the San Antonio Rampage for the remainder of the season.
On April 26, 2010, Wiikman returned to the Finland's SM-liiga, signing a one-year contract with Lukko for the 2010-11 season.
Wiikman, a dual citizen, has played on the Finnish national team and the Swedish national junior team.

</doc>
<doc id="19110671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110671" title="Metric Conversion Act">
Metric Conversion Act

The Metric Conversion Act is an Act of Congress that U.S. President Gerald Ford signed into law on December 23, 1975. It declared the Metric system "the preferred system of weights and measures for United States trade and commerce", but permitted the use of United States customary units in non-business activities. The Act also established the United States Metric Board with representatives from scientific, technical, and educational institutions, as well as state and local governments to plan, coordinate, and educate the American people for the Metrication of the United States.
, which cites the Metric Conversion Act of 1975, directed departments and agencies within the executive branch of the United States Government to "take all appropriate measures within their authority" to use the metric system "as the preferred system of weights and measures for United States trade and commerce."

</doc>
<doc id="19110679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110679" title="Ōizumi Junction">
Ōizumi Junction


</doc>
<doc id="19110682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110682" title="Homer Dowdy">
Homer Dowdy

Homer Earl Dowdy (1922–2002) was an author of several non-fiction books describing the tribulation of Christians in various cultures.
Birth, Education, and Military Service.
Homer Earl Dowdy was born July 16, 1922, in Flint, Michigan. He was a 1940 graduate of Flint Public High School. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Wheaton College in Illinois in 1947.
During World War II, he served in the Army in the Pacific Theatre from 1943 to 1946.
Career.
Assistant news editor, Christian Life and Times, 1947
Editor, The Milepost, a weekly newspaper in Ames, Iowa, 1947 - 1948
Reporter, assistant city editor and columnist, The Flint Journal, 1948 - 1962
Freelance writer, 1962
C.S. Mott Foundation, Flint Michigan, coordinator, vice-president for programs, senior vice-president, 1963 - 1983 
Consultant and executive vice-president, Food for the Hungry International, Geneva Switzerland, 1982–1987

</doc>
<doc id="19110711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110711" title="Madoka">
Madoka

Madoka (まどか, マドカ) is a common Japanese feminine given name which can also be used as a surname.
Possible Writings.
Madoka can be written using different kanji characters and can mean:
The given name can also be written in hiragana or katakana.

</doc>
<doc id="19110714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110714" title="Trillium Digital Systems">
Trillium Digital Systems

Trillium Digital Systems, developed and licensed standards-based communications source code software to telecommunications equipment manufacturers for the wireless, broadband, Internet and telephone network infrastructure. Trillium became one of the early pioneers to license source code. The Trillium Digital Systems business entity no longer exists, but the Trillium communications software is still developed and licensed by RadiSys (NASDAQ:RSYS). Trillium software is used in the network infrastructure as well as associated service platforms, clients and devices.
Company history.
Trillium.
Trillium was founded in February 1988 in Los Angeles, California. The co-founders were Jeff Lawrence and Larisa Chistyakov. The initial capitalization of Trillium when it was incorporated was $1,000. The name Trillium came about because of a mistake. Jeff and Larisa asked for company name suggestions from family and friends. Someone suggested a character named Trillian from the book “Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy” by Douglas Adams. They thought the suggestion was supposed to be trillium, a flower in the lily family. They liked the sound and symbolism of the name Trillium so they used it as the name of their new company.
Trillium was started as a consulting company. Its first consulting jobs were to develop communications software for bisynchronous, asynchronous and multiprotocol PAD products. Consulting continued through the end of 1990. While consulting, the co-founders decided there was an opportunity to develop and license portable source code software for communications protocols. Towards the end of 1990 Trillium became focused on developing its own products.
Source code is a symbolic language (e.g., the C programming language) which is run through a compiler to generate binary code which can run on a particular microprocessor. Communications systems have a variety of hardware and software architectures, use a variety of microprocessors and use a variety of software development environments. It wasn’t technically possible to develop a single piece of binary code that could run on many different systems. Source code, if properly designed and supported, can provide a highly leveragable solution that can be integrated and used in many different systems. The proper way to test source code is to compile it for all possible environments it might run in and then run and test it in those environments. There were as many environments as there were pieces of communications equipment. That testing approach was difficult. To overcome this difficulty Trillium developed an operating system called the Multiprocessor Operating System (MOS) that could run under commercially available operating systems such as DOS, Windows, Solaris and Linux and provide a simulation and testing environment for its software products.
Trillium's first software product supported the X.25 communications protocol. Subsequent products were developed for a number of data communications and voice communications protocols. Trillium's primary focus in its early years was on control plane and signalling plane protocols. In later years Trillium also developed some data plane protocols. A more comprehensive list of the software products developed by Trillium is listed in the Product History section. Trillium is currently developing software products to support the Femtocell communications protocols. Throughout its history Trillium was also very active in standards setting bodies including the CCITT/ITU, IETF, ATM Forum, Frame Relay Forum and others.
Trillium software products were used in communications and networking products designed for the PDN, PSTN, Internet, enterprise networks and home networks.
Trillium's evolution and development, paralleled the evolution and development of the communications industry. In 1988 there were less than 1/2 million Internet users, about 4 million cell phone users and no broadband (DSL, cable) users. The industry went through significant transitions from the mid-1980s through the early-2000s as described in the Market History section. By 2008 there were over 1.4 billion Internet users, almost 3.3 billion mobile phone users
During this period, communications equipment manufacturers licensed source code software to reduce their time to market, decrease their development risk and reduce their costs. By 1999 many companies offered source code software products. Some of these included:
Trillium was funded entirely by its cash flow from its founding through 1999. In late 1998, Trillium decided that to provide liquidity for its shareholders and accelerate its growth it should raise money through an initial public offering. After discussions with investment bankers, it was decided that to improve its initial public offering valuation, it would be necessary to first raise some private equity money to fund organizational expansion, revenue growth and revenue rebalancing. In early 1999, Trillium entered discussions with various venture capital and private equity firms. It closed two private equity deals, one with Rader Reinfrank & Co. in July 1999 for $10 million and the other with Intel Capital and its Intel Communications Fund in September 1999 for $4 million. Rader Reinfrank & Co. was the lead investor and Intel Capital was a co-investor. Trillium used the funds to accelerate the growth of its organization and product line in preparation for a planned initial public offering in either 2000 or 2001. Trillium received ISO 9001 certification in February 2000 and SEI -CMM Level 2 certification in December 2001.
Trillium, an Intel Company.
Between 1995 and 2000 more than 1,100 technology companies went public. There were over 350 technology initial public offerings in 1999 alone. The first day returns of those initial public offerings in 1999 averaged over 90%. During 1999 and 2000, a number of Trillium's competitors either went public, or were acquired.
In March 2000, following a number of inquiries from potential acquirers, Trillium decided to explore its possible sale. Trillium created a list of potential acquirers that included communications equipment manufacturers, communications semiconductor companies and a few other companies. Intel Corporation was part of this list since they were already an investor in Trillium. Craig Barrett, the CEO of Intel, felt it was important for Intel to be involved in the communications and networking business. Intel acquired Trillium in a deal for $300 million that closed on August 24, 2000. Intel’s objectives in acquiring Trillium were to expand the networking software available to its network processor, establish a viable entry into the networking software business to complement the network processor business as they moved to sell platform level solutions, and validate and optimize software designs to address high growth communications market segments including voice over IP and wireless.
As part of the closing, Intel certified there were no Material Adverse Effects; any changes reasonably likely in the future to be materially adverse on the operations, assets, liabilities or earnings of Intel. On August 28, 2000 Intel stopped selling and recalled its Pentium III due to design defects and performance problems, and on September 28 it cancelled its Timna chip and delayed its Pentium 4 and Itanium chips due to design defects and performance problems. In just a little over a month (from August 24, 2000 to September 29, 2000) Intel stock plummeted from over $70 per share to $40 per share.
Trillium became a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel. It was renamed for external purposes as “Trillium, an Intel Company” and for internal purposes as the "Networking Software Division (NSD)". In 2002, NSD was renamed as the “Control Plane Processing Division (CPPD)”. The division was initially part of Intel's Network Communications Group, which later became the Intel Communications Group. One of the co-founders moved into Intel when the deal closed, and the other stayed with Trillium. The functional integration of Trillium into Intel was considered successful, but the strategic and value integration was considered less successful. After the deal closed Trillium continued to focus on offering its communications software products and professional services to external customers and also started to develop cross divisional and business group customers within Intel. Trillium focused significant resources on integrating its software products into Intel network processors and related products.
The co-founders of Trillium left Intel in March and September 2002. Larisa died on December 22, 2008.
Continuous Computing, Trillium Software.
As the dot-com bubble burst in 2000 and 2001, Intel started selling many of its communications businesses.
Continuous Computing continues to license Trillium software, develop additional software Trillium software products and also bundle the software with its high availability and other hardware solutions for network equipment providers. Trillium software products celebrated their 20th anniversary in 2008.
RadiSys, Trillium Software.
RadiSys (NASDAQ:RSYS), which provides hardware and software for Internet-based telecommunications, announced on May 3, 2011 that it was going to acquire Continuous Computing and its Trillium software products in a deal valued at $120 million. RadiSys and Continuous Computing are focused on complementary areas of networking technology.
Market History.
There were a number of regulatory, financial and technology events that drove the telecommunications industry, and subsequently drove Trillium's growth and development.
Product Technology.
All Trillium products are based on the Trillium Advanced Portability Architecture (TAPA), a set of architectural and coding standards designed to ensure that the individual source code software products are portable and independent of the target system's compiler, processor, operating system and architecture. Each software product is provided as C source code and has four programming interfaces: the system services interface, the layer management interface, the upper interface and the lower interface. TAPA describes the parameters and expected behavior across each interface.
Individual Trillium software products consist of 10,000’s to 100,000’s lines of source code. Each Trillium software product could be used separately, or in conjunction with other software products to build complete protocol stacks. Trillium software products were also able to support different national and industry variants of specific protocols. In later years, as the different network infrastructure technologies converged, Trillium software products were able to support interworking and translation between the different network infrastructure technologies (e.g. telephony to Internet Protocols). They were used in a wide range of network equipment, products and devices.
Product History.
During its history, Trillium has developed over 150 software products, which parallel the evolution and development of the network infrastructure. These software products support communications protocols specified in international (e.g. ITU), national (e.g. ANSI) and industry (e.g. IETF) standards. These products are licensed primarily to telecommunications equipment manufacturers and include:
Trillium software has been used in over 500 communications and networking products.
Trillium Poster.
Trillium conceived of, and published a poster that provided detailed technical information about the network infrastructure and protocols in an attractive format that was easy to understand. It became an indispensable tool for the communications industry and it was displayed on the office walls and conference rooms of tens of thousands of engineers, venture capitalists and financial analysts around the world. The poster is periodically updated to reflect changes in the network infrastructure and protocols. The 1st generation poster was published in 1997 and was inspired by the "ISO and CCITT Data Communication Standards" poster published by Retix. The 5th generation of the poster was published in 2008.
Further reading.
"Trillium Digital Systems Case Study: 1988–1995". Jeff Lawrence, 2004. [http://www.cliviasystems.com/general/trilliumCaseStudy95.pdf]
"Trillium Digital Systems Case Study: 1996–2003". Jeff Lawrence, 2004.
"Trillium Digital Systems, An Intel Company. A Case Study & An Analysis of the Protocols in the Voice Over IP Arena". Shramik Jyothula and Sridhar Dronamraju. [http://ise.gmu.edu/~eschneid/infs612/projects/trillium.pdf]
"Roadmap to Entrepreneurial Success". Robert W. Price, AMACOM, 2004. [http://books.google.com/books?id=q7UzNoWdGAkC&pg=PA223&lpg=PA223&dq=trillium+digital+systems+raises+14+million&source=web&ots=uPDpnBgmEo&sig=Ce6cNfopaPc4VvbE0xu2R5GVfPs&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=7&ct=result]
"How You Can Become Ma Bell". Karen Kaplan. Los Angeles Times, March 25, 1996.
"Growing Lean". Douglas Young. Los Angeles Business Journal, December 2, 1996.
"Network Broker". Communications News. October 1998.
"Preparation Counts More Than Luck". Juan Hovey. Los Angeles Times, October 6, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19110725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110725" title="Saro Shah">
Saro Shah

Saro Shah or Saro is a town and union council in Mardan District of Khyber-PakhtunkhwaShah is about 5 km from Takht Bhai (or Takht Bahi) which is a Buddhist monastic complex dating to the 1st century BCE. ... The ruins are located about 15 kilometers from Mardan in Pakistan. It is located at 34°14'9N 71°54'30E and has an altitude of 316 metres (1040 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="19110733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110733" title="2005 World Fencing Championships">
2005 World Fencing Championships

The 2005 World Fencing Championships were held in Leipzig, Germany. The event took place from October 9 to October 15, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19110740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110740" title="The Long Run (film)">
The Long Run (film)

The Long Run is a 2000 film starring Oscar nominee Armin Mueller-Stahl and Nthati Moshesh. It was directed by Jean Stewart and written by Johann Potgieter.
The Comrades marathon is an ultra-marathon race run over a distance of approximately 90 km (55.9 mi) between the capital of the Kwazulu-Natal Province of South Africa, Pietermaritzburg, and the coastal city of Durban.

</doc>
<doc id="19110744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110744" title="WTCR (AM)">
WTCR (AM)

WTCR is a radio station broadcasting a sports talk format. The station is an affiliate of Fox Sports Radio. For all programming other than local sporting events, it is a simulcast of WIRO in nearby Ironton, Ohio. Prior to its current format, the station broadcast a Christian religious format known as Joy Radio and was, until January 2007, simulcast with WZZW of Milton, West Virginia. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19110778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110778" title="Pinguicula lithophytica">
Pinguicula lithophytica

Pinguicula lithophytica is a species of butterwort that is endemic to the central region of Cuba. It was described by Cristina M. Panfet-Valdés and Paul Temple in 2008. They placed it in subgenus "Isoloba", section "Agnata", noting that there were morphological similarities between "P. lithophytica" and "P. jackii".

</doc>
<doc id="19110796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110796" title="Tenth Island">
Tenth Island

Tenth Island is a small island nature reserve, sometimes called "Barrenjoey", with an area of 900 m2, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania. It has no vegetation and much of it is wave-washed in winter storms.
Fauna.
The island is home to a significant breeding colony of Australian Fur Seals, with up to 400 pups born each year, though many drown in storms. Black-faced Cormorants also breed on the island and Little Penguins roost there.
Shark attack.
The island was the location of the last human shark attack fatality in Tasmania, on 5 June 1993, when Therese Cartwright ("age 35 and mother of five") was killed by a reportedly 5-metre long Great White Shark ("Carcharodon carcharias") while scuba diving at the seal colony.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19110807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110807" title="Ray LaMontagne discography">
Ray LaMontagne discography

This is a listing of material released by Ray LaMontagne, a singer-songwriter from New Hampshire, United States. LaMontagne was working at a shoe factory in Lewiston, Maine when he heard the song "Treetop Flyer" from Stephen Stills' "Stills Alone" album. The song inspired him to quit his job and become a musician. A ten song demo from LaMontagne circulated amongst record executives, eventually prompting Chrysalis Music Publishing to help him record an album. The album, 2004's "Trouble" was sold to and redistributed by RCA Records and Echo Records. "Trouble" was a success—despite a low peak on the "Billboard" Hot 100, it sold over 250,000 copies in the US. When released in the UK, the album reached the top 5 and the title song became a top 40 hit. LaMontagne released a follow-up album, "Till the Sun Turns Black", in 2006. The album reached the top 40 in the US and UK album charts. A third album, "Gossip in the Grain", was released in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19110811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110811" title="Trefftz plane">
Trefftz plane

The Trefftz plane is a plane located at an infinite distance downstream of the aircraft, which is perpendicular to the wake.

</doc>
<doc id="19110818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110818" title="1998 New Orleans Saints season">
1998 New Orleans Saints season

The 1998 New Orleans Saints season was the team’s 32nd as a member of the National Football League (NFL).
The Saints failed to qualify for the playoffs for the sixth straight year, and after a promising start of 3–0 only equalled their 6–10 record of the previous season. In the process the Saints lost to the 0–7 Carolina Panthers and were to follow this up the following season against the expansion Browns to become the only team since the NFL/AFL merger to lose to the last winless team in successive seasons. Ironically, the only other time the Saints have been the last winless team’s victim was another expansion team’s first win, that of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19110822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110822" title="Carly Gullickson">
Carly Gullickson

Carly Gullickson (born November 26, 1986, in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an former American professional tennis player. Her career-high WTA singles ranking is No. 123, which she reached on July 20, 2009. Her career high doubles ranking is No. 52, set at April 3, 2006. She is the daughter of former major league baseball player Bill Gullickson, and the older sister of tennis player Chelsey Gullickson. She won the 2009 U.S. Open mixed doubles event, partnering with Travis Parrott. Carly retired from tennis 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19110841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110841" title="Centor criteria">
Centor criteria

The Centor Criteria are a set of criteria which may be used to identify the likelihood of a bacterial infection in adult patients complaining of a sore throat. They were developed as a method to quickly diagnose the presence of Group A streptococcal infection or diagnosis of Streptococcal Pharyngitis in "adult patients who presented to an urban emergency room complaining of a sore throat."
Criteria.
The patients are judged on four criteria, with one point added for each positive criterion:
The Modified Centor Criteria add the patient's age to the criteria:
The point system is important in that it dictates management. Guidelines for management state:
The presence of all four variables indicates a 40 - 60% positive predictive value for a culture of the throat to test positive for Group A Streptococcus bacteria. The absence of all four variables indicates a negative predictive value of greater than 80%. The high negative predictive value suggests that the Centor Criteria can be more effectively used for ruling out strep throat than for diagnosing strep throat.
The Centor criteria were originally developed for adults. A study published in the British Medical Journal in 2013 looked at whether it could be applied to children aged 2–16. It was a retrospective study (2008-2010) and looked at 441 children who attended a Belgian hospital A+E department and had a throat swab taken. It concluded that the Centor Criteria are ineffective in predicting the presence of Group A beta-haemolytic Streptococcus (i.e. antibiotic treatment-worthy) on throat swab cultures in children.

</doc>
<doc id="19110854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110854" title="Tony Burgan">
Tony Burgan

Anthony 'Tony' Burgan is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Sturt in the SANFL during the late 1960s and 1970s. 
When Burgan started his career at Sturt in 1967, the club were the reigning premiers and he had trouble establishing a place in the side. He missed out on their premiership that year but played in Sturt's 1968, 1969 and 1970 flags. A versatile player, Burgan was used across half back, the centre, as an on baller and at half forward over the course of his time in the SANFL. He finished with five premierships, having participated in their winning 1974 and 1976 Grand Finals. 
Burgan represented the South Australian interstate team on eight occasions and was an All-Australian at the 1972 Perth Carnival. He is a wingman in Sturt's official 'Team of the Century'.

</doc>
<doc id="19110864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110864" title="Moonquake (game)">
Moonquake (game)

Moonquake is a game written by Paul Taylor and originally published/released on the December 1992 Archimedes World coverdisc. Moonquake was the first decent Bomberman clone released for Acorn Computers.
The game is based on the moon, a meteor impact damages the moonbase and you have been called in to clear away the debris that has fallen. Travelling from level to level (10 in total) you are given an infinite collection of bombs to blast away rubble. However, the nuclear reactors around the base have been left online and if hit one too many times they wipe out everything on the level. You also have to avoid malfunctioning security robots which wander around the levels, killing you on contact.
By destroying the fallen rocks, extra blast fuel can be uncovered and picked up which gives your bombs a greater range and kill threat. Extra bombs are available and these enable you to drop more than one bomb at any time.
Mystery boxes left under the debris can have various effects, including setting you to auto-bomb-drop, freezing the droids, making you invincible or causing all unexploded bombs to detonate instantly. There is a two-player mode in which the players go head-to-head, trying to trap each other with their bombs.
Moonquake has since been followed up more recently by a sequel, Marsquake, which includes new features and options.
History.
Since the original version released by Paul Taylor, there have been 2 more (known) versions on Moonquake released. 
The second version was a conversion for the Game Boy Advance by David Sharp. Using all original graphics and sounds, he successfully managed to port the single player mode to a cartridge and play the game successfully on a Game Boy Advance and also managed to get it working on a Nokia N73 mobile phone, using a program called vbag.
The third version is a release made for the Windows OS environment. Built by Sedoe, the conversion has been developed from scratch, using all new source code, and only using the RISC OS version as reference. This version has all new graphics; except the menu screen background, the in-game bombs and the title image. Also the sounds are original, using some help from David Sharp, this was possible.

</doc>
<doc id="19110869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110869" title="Gen">
Gen

Gen may refer to:
Gen. or GEN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19110872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110872" title="Nicholas Nayfack">
Nicholas Nayfack

Nicholas Nayfack (January 1, 1909 – March 31, 1958) was an American movie producer whose notable works include "Forbidden Planet" and "The Invisible Boy". He was the nephew of MGM studio chief Nicholas Schenck and United Artists studio boss Joseph M. Schenck. He married actress Lynne Carver in 1937. Nicholas Nayfack died of a heart attack at the age of forty-eight on March 31, 1958
__TOC__
Career.
Nicholas Nayfack worked for 20th Century Fox as an associate producer under Darryl F. Zanuck from 1937 to 1939. After leaving Fox, he became the head of the business affairs office for MGM from 1939 through 1949
. In 1949, Nayfack became a producer for MGM until his death in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19110876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110876" title="Li Lin (chancellor)">
Li Lin (chancellor)

Li Lin (李麟) (694–759), formally Duke De of Bao (褒德公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Suzong — although he was commissioned by Emperor Suzong's father Emperor Xuanzong, not Emperor Suzong.
Background.
Li Lin was born in 694, during the reign of Wu Zetian. He was a member of the imperial Li clan of Tang Dynasty — although he was distant in lineage from the imperial lineage itself. His great-great-great-grandfather Li Qidou (李乞豆) was a younger brother of Li Hu (李虎), the grandfather of Tang's founding emperor Emperor Gaozu, who was the grandfather of Wu Zetian's husband Emperor Gaozong. Li Lin's father Li Jun (李濬) served successively as the prefect of three different prefecture and was known for his honesty. Li Jun died during the "Kaiyuan" era (713–741) of Emperor Gaozong's and Wu Zetian's grandson Emperor Xuanzong while serving as the military governor ("jiedushi") of Jiannan Circuit (劍南, headquartered in modern Chengdu, Sichuan).
Before serving as chancellor.
Li Lin himself was well-studied and capable in literary matters. On the account of his father's official service, he was able to enter civil service and eventually served as a census officer for the capital municipality, Jingzhao (京兆, roughly modern Xi'an, Shaanxi), which included the capital Chang'an. In 734, Emperor Xuanzong made an attempt to find imperial clan members with special talents, and Li Lin, one of the imperial clan members selected, was made "Dianzhong Shiyushi" (殿中侍御史) — a low-level imperial censor — and he subsequently served as a junior officer at the ministries of census (戶部, "Hu Bu") and civil service affairs (吏部, "Li Bu"). In 742, he became "Jianyi Daifu" (諫議大夫), one of the officials in charge of submitting proposals of corrections to the emperor. In 746, he served a tour of duty to survey the circuits to the west — Hexi (河西, headquartered in modern Wuwei, Gansu), Longyou (隴右, headquartered in modern Haidong Prefecture, Qinghai), and Anxi (安西, headquartered in modern Aksu Prefecture, Xinjiang) – to evaluate the performance of the officials. His tour was considered a success, and he was made an imperial attendant (給事中, "Geishizhong"). In 748, he became "Bingbu Shilang" (兵部侍郎) – an assistant minister of defense — serving with Yang Guozhong. At that time, though, Yang was already very powerful due to his personal association with Emperor Xuanzong, as cousin to Emperor Xuanzong's favorite concubine Consort Yang Yuhuan, and Yang Guozhong did not wish to share authority with Li Lin, and therefore had the chancellors, while allowing Li Lin to keep the title of assistant minister of defense, be made in charge of the imperial examinations instead. Soon, however, Yang Guozhong was moved to another position, and Li Lin resumed his office as assistant minister of defense. In 752, he was given the honorific title of "Yinqing Guanglu Daifu" (銀青光祿大夫) and made the principal of the imperial university (國子祭酒, "Guozi Jijiu"). In 755, while he retained those titles, he was made the governor of Hedong Commandery (河東, roughly modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) and the surveyor of Hedong Circuit (河東 as well, but referred to the entire circuit, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi). He was said to have governed simply and honestly, and was praised by both the people and subordinates.
In winter 755, however, the general An Lushan rebelled at Fanyang Circuit (范陽, headquartered in modern Beijing). As Li Lin was a civilian official not learned in military matters, the imperial government was concerned that he would not know how to defend the commandery. Li Lin was therefore recalled to Chang'an and replaced with the general Lü Chongbi (呂崇賁). Li Lin was also created the Baron of Weiyuan. In summer 756, when Emperor Xuanzong was forced to flee Chang'an in light of An's troops approaching Chang'an, Li Lin escaped Chang'an as well and caught up with Emperor Xuanzong's train, attending Emperor Xuanzong on his way to Chengdu. Emperor Xuanzong's son and crown prince Li Heng, however, did not follow Emperor Xuanzong to Chengdu, but instead went to Lingwu, where he was declared emperor (as Emperor Suzong), a declaration that Emperor Xuanzong recognized after the news reached him. Emperor Xuanzong, now using the title "Taishang Huang" (retired emperor), however, did not stop exercising imperial authority, and when he arrived at Chengdu, he initially made Li Lin deputy minister of census (戶部侍郎, "Hubu Shilang") and "Shangshu Zuo Cheng" (尚書左丞), one of the secretaries general of the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"). He soon made Li Lin the minister of justice (憲部尚書, "Xianbu Shangshu").
As chancellor and death.
In spring 757, Emperor Xuanzong gave Li Lin the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto". At that time, Emperor Xuanzong had already sent several other chancellors that he had commissioned during his journey to Chengdu and during the duration he was at Chengdu — Wei Jiansu, Fang Guan, Cui Huan, and Cui Yuan — to Emperor Suzong's court, but kept Li Lin with him on account of the fact that Li Lin was an imperial clan member. Li Lin oversaw all of the affairs of Emperor Xuanzong's court in Chengdu. In winter 757, after Emperor Suzong recaptured Chang'an and welcomed Emperor Xuanzong back to Chang'an, for Li Lin's accomplishments, he was given the honorific title "Jinzi Guanglu Daifu" (金紫光祿大夫). He continued to be the minister of justice, now under the title "Xingbu Shangshu" (刑部尚書). His chancellor "de facto" designation was promoted to "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Sanpin" (同中書門下三品), a more honorific designation, and he was created the Duke of Bao.
At that time, the most powerful figures at Emperor Suzong's court were his wife Empress Zhang and the eunuch Li Fuguo. Li Lin's chancellor colleagues Miao Jinqing and Cui Yuan both carefully followed Empress Zhang's and Li Fuguo's wishes, but Li Lin refused to do so. This displeased Li Fuguo and, in 758, at his instigation, Li Lin was removed from his chancellor office and made "Taizi Shaofu" (太子少傅), an advisor to the crown prince Li Chu. He died in fall 759 and was buried with honors.

</doc>
<doc id="19110881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110881" title="Hooded spider monkey">
Hooded spider monkey

The hooded spider monkey ("Ateles geoffroyi grisescens "), is a subspecies of Geoffroy's spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, from Central America, native to Panama. It also might be found in a small portion of Colombia adjacent to Panama. In western Colombia and northeast Panama it is replaced by the Black-headed spider monkey, "A. fusciceps". In western Panama, it is replaced by another subspecies of Geoffroy's Spider Monkey, the Ornate spider monkey, "A. g. ornatus". The Hooded spider monkey has long, tawny fur.

</doc>
<doc id="19110894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110894" title="Dene Cropper">
Dene Cropper

Dene Cropper (born 5 January 1983) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Midlands Regional Alliance Division 1 side Woolley Moor United.
He notably played in the Football League for Lincoln City and Boston United after starting his career with Sheffield Wednesday. He has also played for Worksop Town, Gainsborough Trinity and Matlock Town.
Career.
Cropper was a produce of the youth setup at Sheffield Wednesday and signed professional terms with The Owls in August 2000, a few months prior to the club's relegation from the Premier League. He would only make the reserve team that season, and although he was offered a new deal he left the club on free transfer in the summer of 2002.
During the 2001–02 season Cropper signed on loan for Worksop Town, He notched up a decent scoring rate for them, netting ten goals in twenty games.
On 10 May 2002, Cropper along with Ben Futcher became Lincoln City manager Keith Alexander's first signings of his second spell in charge at Sincil Bank. He made his Football league debut in the club's 1–1 opening day draw at Kidderminster Harriers on 10 August 2002, though this was marred when, seven minutes from time, referee Phil Crossley deemed his challenge on Abdou Sall unfair and, following an earlier booking for dissent, dismissed him for two bookings. His home debut, three days later, was a far happier affair as he notched his first goal for the club in a 2–0 victory over Rochdale. Cropper had a good season with Lincoln, but failed to score as many goals as his play deseved in a season which saw him and his team lose out in the playoff finals at the Millennium Stadium.
The following season, Cropper found himself overlooked, and was finding himself on the bench on a regular basis due to long lay offs with injury and the performances of the club's other forwards. In February 2004 he signed on loan with Non-League club Gainsborough Trinity, in a month that saw him net once in five appearances at The Northolme. He returned to Lincoln after his month and was subject to another loan offer, this time from Scarborough, but he rejected the chance to play for Scarborough in favour of a permanent switch to local rivals Boston United. Cropper played five times for Boston and scored once but suffered a serious knee injury towards the end of the season which prompted his release from the club.
Upon returning to the game Cropper turned down a move to King's Lynn before re-joining former club Worksop Town. He made a move to Matlock Town in September 2005 for an undisclosed fee.
He joined Woolley Moor United F.C. ahead of the 2011–2012 season, debuting in the club's 4–2 Midlands Regional Alliance, Division 1 victory at Findern on 13 August 2011. Outside of football, Cropper is a science teacher at ARK Kings Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19110900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110900" title="Mi historia en la Academia">
Mi historia en la Academia

Mi Historia en La Academia "(My Story in The Academy)" is the first release from Mexican singer Myriam. It is a compilation album released on December 2002 after winning the first season of the Mexican reality talent show "La Academia".
Album information.
The album contains the songs that Myriam performed during "La Academia". All of the songs had previously been released on the show-related albums that contained the songs by all contestants for each concert.
The album does not contain the songs that Myriam performed as a duet: "Believe" with Wendolee; "Suavemente" with Nadia; and "A Dios le Pido" with Victor. It also does not contain five of the six songs performed during the 3 final shows where she was already one of the finalists: "Te Quedo Grande la Yegua" and "Donde Estan" for the first semi-final; "Sombras" and "No Huyas de Mi" for the second semi-final; and "The Rose" on the final show.
The album was recorded in the small studio inside the house used for the show. Each song was recorded as part of the routine that all the contestants followed each week to perform their designated songs on the concert performed each Sunday.
Certifications.
"Mi Historia en La Academia" has been certified 2x Platinum and 2x Gold for selling over 300,000 copies. Myriam became the first ex student from "La Academia" to get an award; by that time the album had sold more than half a million copies.

</doc>
<doc id="19110904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110904" title="Elk River Wind Project">
Elk River Wind Project

The Elk River Wind Project is a 150 megawatt wind farm near Beaumont in Butler County, Kansas. The Elk River wind plant's subsidiary is owned by parent company, Iberdrola Renewables. Plant is operating since 2005.
Empire District Electric selected Elk River, and signed a twenty-year agreement with PPM Energy to purchase wind energy from the farm.

</doc>
<doc id="19110910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110910" title="Kevin Frederick">
Kevin Frederick

Kevin Albert Francis Frederick (born November 4, 1976 in Evanston, Illinois) is a retired professional baseball player. In nine seasons, Frederick almost always played as a relief pitcher. Frederick attended high school at Stevenson High School in Lincolnshire, Illinois. After graduating from Creighton University, where he was a two-time Missouri Valley Conference all-star, Frederick was drafted in in the 17th round of the amateur entry draft by the Minnesota Twins, but failed to reach a contract agreement with the team.
In the 1998 amateur entry draft, Frederick was again selected by the Twins. He signed with the team, and played four and a half seasons in the minor leagues before being called up in July . He made his major league debut on July 15 in a win against the Los Angeles Angels, in which he gave up one run over an inning and two thirds. Frederick only pitched in eight games for the Twins that season. Before the season, Frederick was picked up off waivers by the Toronto Blue Jays. Frederick pitched most of two seasons in the minor leagues, and was granted free agency after the season. He was signed in the middle of the season by the Boston Red Sox. He played two seasons in the Red Sox farm system, and retired after the season, only twenty-nine years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19110913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110913" title="Agenda (TVNZ programme)">
Agenda (TVNZ programme)

Agenda was an hour long current affairs show in New Zealand. It screened at 10 am on Sundays on TV ONE.
Its final host was Rawdon Christie with political interviews conducted by Guyon Espiner. Christie and Espiner were joined each week by three panelists from the New Zealand media.
In late November 2008 TVNZ announced they would not continue their contract with Frontpage, the producers. Despite speculation that another network may by the rights it was discontinued in 2009 and Q+A replaced it in the Sunday morning slot.
Format.
The show began with Rawdon Christie talking to that week's panelists about the main political events of the previous week. Later on, Guyon Espiner begun interviewing their guests, after which the panelists ask the guest their own questions. Following an ad break, there is the dairy segment and an in-depth look into a major political event before another interview. The show concluded with a book giveaway.

</doc>
<doc id="19110921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110921" title="Ben Lilly">
Ben Lilly

Benjamin Vernon Lilly or Ben Lilly (1856 – December 17, 1936), nicknamed Ol' Lilly, was a notorious big game hunter, houndsman and mountain man of the late American Old West. He remains famous for hunting down large numbers of grizzly, cougars and black bears. A mix between a transcendentalist spirit and an ardent Christian, he is described as an unfathomable Southern wild character. He was a stern practitioner of simple living and outdoor freedom, roamed and hunted from Louisiana to Arizona and from Idaho to as far south as Chihuahua and Durango, Mexico, and was a subject of American folktales. He guided oiler W. H. McFadden and President Theodore Roosevelt in hunting expeditions, whom he intrigued and who wrote about him. He was arguably the most prolific hunter of apex predators in the history of North American hunting and also the last active mountain man of the historical American Southwest. He was not a conservationist but made important contributions of fauna specimens and naturalistic observations to American institutions and museums. He was a contradictory character and his exploits have been consistently exaggerated to folktale proportions, and most records are oral, bona-fide, Americana transcripts.
Personal life.
He was born in the winter of 1856 in Wilcox County, Alabama of parents from North Carolina.
His family moved from Alabama to Kemper County, Mississippi when he was young and spent most his childhood there, being raised as a devout Christian. After the end of the American Civil War, at twelve, he was sent by his parents to a military academy in Jackson, Mississippi, but he ran away. Lilly’s whereabouts were not known to his family for a long time, until his uncle, Vernon Lilly, by chance discovered him running a blacksmith shop in Memphis, TN. His uncle, a “planter” from Morehouse Parish, Louisiana, offered Lilly a job, and he accepted. After his uncle's death, he inherited the cotton farm, and there, in 1880, he married his first wife, Lelia, whom he not so affectionately referred to as “daughter of Sodom and Gomorrah”. He also worked as a blacksmith but did not pursue this career for long; later he used these skills to fashion his hunting knives and traps. There, in Louisiana, he discovered his passion for big-game hunting after killing a black bear with a knife, and started relentlessly pursuing hunting as a career for the rest of his life. At first, he was making an income selling bear meat and wild honey. Then, he moved east to Texas, in the Big Thicket and lived for three years around 1904–1907 in the hunting camp of Ben Hook, with whom he partnered.
In 1907, he guided President Theodore Roosevelt, as chief huntsman in a big game hunting expedition in Tensas Bayou, Louisiana. Roosevelt wrote about Ben Lilly:
" "I never met any other man so indifferent to fatigue and hardship. The morning he joined us in camp, he had come on foot through the thick woods, followed by his two dogs, and had neither eaten nor drunk for twenty-four hours; for he did not like to drink the swamp water. It had rained hard throughout the night and he had no shelter, no rubber coat, nothing but the clothes he was wearing and the ground was too wet for him to lie on, so he perched in a crooked tree in the beating rain, much as if he had been a wild turkey. He equaled Cooper's Deerslayer in woodcraft, in hardihood, in simplicity–and also in loquacity." "
Lilly was 5'9" tall and around 180 lbs, and known for the strength and stamina that stayed with him until old age, "spare, full bearded, with mild, gentle eyes and a frame of steel and whipcord." In his convictions, Ben Lilly did not smoke nor drink alcohol or coffee, facts that set him apart from the rest of his contemporaries. He was, however, fond of eating bear and particularly cougar meat, which, he believed, in a similar fashion to syncretic Native American ideas, would give him feline powers. He was one of the most accomplished houndsmen at the time in North America, and was strict but fond of his packs of hounds, mostly Southern catahoula and coonhound breeds.
In 1908, he crossed into Mexico, Chihuahua, and then took to the Sierra Madre mountains, in western Coahuila, where he hunted grizzly and became the source of local tales, notably the one of him pursuing a menacing large grizzly that sported a white star and terrorized locals of Camino Real. A description of a grizzly hunt while in Coahuila, Mexico, narrated personally by him remains:
" "Old man Sanborn set me on him. They was grizzlies, four of them, and I tracked them down by myself and killed them. They was desert bears, light colored with a stripe down their back, but desert or mountain they didn’t get away and I killed the four of them, brought their skins back to Sanborn." "
He crossed back into USA and settled in Gila Wilderness, New Mexico, and starting in 1911 was employed by the government and local cattle ranchers for killing predators, earning the most money in his lifetime. He is credited with killing the last wild grizzly in the vast Gila Wilderness.
In 1912 he was registered as hunter and trapper for the Apache National Forest in Arizona, living near Clifton and earning $75 a month. Between 1916 and 1920 he was employed full-time by the U.S. Biological Survey. The ties with the agency started in 1904, when at 50 years old, he began sending specimens of the animals he hunted and trapped to the collections of U.S. Biological Survey, today's U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the National Museum of Natural History, Washington D.C., through the care of his friend, Ned Hollister. Those specimens included mountain lions, brown and black bears, deer, otter, and rare animals like the Mexican gray wolf or ivory-billed woodpecker. The most famous of these specimens went to the Smithsonian Institution, and was a record grizzly hunted in north-east Arizona. On occasion, he captured mountain lion cubs and raised them to full maturity, not as pets, but to observe their habits.
In 1921, Ben acted as guide for Oklahoma oil tycoon W. H. McFadden on his memorable hunt through the Rocky Mountains, from Mexico to Canada. For some reason, Lilly left the party in Idaho and did not finish the trip to Canada. For fifteen years, from 1911 to 1926 between Ben's fifty-fifth and seventieth years, he reached his goal of hunting every day of the year, except Sundays.
By hunting all bears and cougars, Benjamin Vernon Lilly held the personal belief that he was in a sacred mission for the extermination of "malefic creatures" and spared no effort in doing so. He was no doubt, one of the most destructive individuals contributing to the reduction of North American apex predators to the brink of extinction, an act contrary to modern standards of both ethical hunting and wildlife conservation. The numbers of animals killed by Ben Lilly in his exploits are disputed, but it is estimated that he killed between 600 and 1000 mountain lions in his lifetime. An epitaph that Ben Lilly wrote on the box in which he buried one of his most prized hounds in 1925, near Sapillo Creek, New Mexico, read
" "Here lies Crook, a bear and lion dog that helped kill 210 bear and 426 lion since 1914 (n.n. 11 years period), owned by B. V. Lilly ..." "
He was known many times to fight and dispatch in hand-to-hand combat bear and cougars using a self-made custom Bowie knife, more precisely a double edged S-shaped large Arkansas toothpick dagger, named " The Lilly Knife".
For the rest he was an accomplished marksman and used Winchester lever-action rifles, a 30-30 for cougars and a .33 Winchester (.33 WCF) caliber for bears. He died at eighty, on December 17, 1936, on a ranch in Pleasanton, near Silver City, New Mexico and is buried in the historic Memory Lane Cemetery in Silver City.
His modest tombstone bears the epitaph: "Lover of the Great Outdoors". In 1947 the last people who knew him erected a bronze plaque to his memory, on Bear Creek, Pinos Altos, New Mexico.
Peculiarities, humor and quotes.
In one well known account, his wife sent him to shoot a chicken-hawk that was bothering the birds around their home. Then he went missing for almost two years, and upon his return, when asked what happened, he gave the laconic answer: “That hawk just kept flying!”
Quotes from Benjamin Vernon Lilly are sometimes shocking by today's standards, many completed with Southern humor:
""Anyone can kill a deer but it takes a man to kill a varmint."" — by "varmints" he meant bears, mountain lions, and wolves.
""Property is a handicap to man.""
""I never saw a man with his face shaved clean until I was a big boy. When I saw him I thought he was a dead man... walking about, and I was mighty scared.""
Ben Lily to a rogue bear, prior to dispatching him with a Bowie knife:"“You are condemned, you black devil, I kill you in the name of the law!” "
"”My reputation is bigger than I am. It is like my shadow when I stand in front of the sun in late evening.”"
Bibliography.
Books
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="19110944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110944" title="Greg McClinchey">
Greg McClinchey

Greg McClinchey (born in Clinton, Ontario) was a municipal councillor for the Township of North Huron, Ontario (Blyth Ward) and was the nominated candidate in Huron-Bruce for the Liberal Party of Canada in the 2008 federal election.
As a student at Central Huron Secondary School, Greg McClinchey began a co-operative education placement with Paul Steckle, Member of Parliament-elect for Huron-Bruce. Subsequent to that, McClinchey began working as an assistant to Paul Steckle, both in the constituency office in Goderich and in Ottawa.
There are approximately 900 staffers working on Parliament Hill and in the Sixth Annual Terrific Twenty-Five Staffer Survey, Greg McClinchey received ninth place. He received this recognition as an acknowledgment of his knowledge, influence, access, discretion and all-round personality.
In 2007, McClinchey published a biography on Paul Steckle, entitled "Stickin’ to His Guns". The book is a “through-the-keyhole” look at the private elements of Paul Steckle’s public life. McClinchey received a formal citation from the publisher for the editorial quality of the manuscript.
McClinchey holds a professional certificate in conflict management and is a member of the Alternative Dispute Resolution Institute of Ontario. McClinchey actively contributes to the community through his involvement in the Blyth Business Association, the Blyth Arena board, and the Ontario Federation of Anglers and Hunters. In addition, McClinchey volunteers with numerous community and charitable groups including the Canadian Cancer Society, the Heart and Stroke Foundation, the MS Society of Canada and he freely provides his time and energy to various seniors groups as a motivational and/or guest speaker.
Raised on a small farm in Central Huron, Ontario (the former Hullett Township, Ontario), McClinchey is a seventh generation resident of Huron County. McClinchey currently resides in Ottawa, Ontario, with his wife, Julie McClinchey (née McNichol), his daughter, Mieka McClinchey and son, Koby McClinchey.

</doc>
<doc id="19110956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110956" title="Jack Welpott">
Jack Welpott

Jack Welpott is an American photographer.
Biography.
He was born in Kansas City in April 27, 1923, grew up in southern Indiana. and was educated at primary and secondary schools in Missouri, Illinois and Indiana. He served in World War II, and returned to the Hoosier state to attend Indiana University. In 1949, he earned his BS in Economics from the University of Indiana, Bloomington. Unsure of his direction, he enrolled in a photography class and met the legendary photography instructor Henry Holmes Smith. Under his tutelage, Welpott became enthralled with black-and-white photography as a fine art form.
He studied painting under Leon Golub and Harry Engle, and design with George Rickey, receiving his MS in Visual Communication in 1955, followed by an MFA in 1959.
Career.
He began his long teaching career at San Francisco State College as he pursued the career of a professional photographer. In 1973 he was the recipient of the Medal of Arles, France; later that same year he received a grant from the National Endowment for the Arts; and, in 1983, a Polaroid grant in association with the Museum of Photographic Arts, San Diego.
Works.
Welpott's photographs are in the collections of the Museum of Modern Art, New York; Whitney Museum, New York; International Museum of Photography, George Eastman House, Rochester, New York; Art Institute of Chicago; Center of Creative Photography, University of Arizona, Tucson; University of New Mexico, Albuquerque; Norton Simon Art Museum, Pasadena, California; Oakland Museum of Modern Art, California; San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and Bibliothèque Nationale, Paris. 
Jack was one of the great photographers and teachers of the post-World War II generation.</ref> He died of kidney failure on November 24, 2007 at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="19110961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110961" title="Ninth Island">
Ninth Island

Ninth Island is an island in Bass Strait in south-eastern Australia. It is approximately 1.3 km long, 550 m wide and covers an area of 32 ha. It is part of the Waterhouse Island Group, lying 11.7 km from the north-eastern coast of Tasmania. It is partly privately owned and has been badly affected in the past by grazing, frequent fires and, in July 1995, by the oil spill which killed between 2000 and 6000 Little Penguins. The island forms part of the Ninth and Little Waterhouse Islands Important Bird Area (IBA), so identified by BirdLife International because it holds over 1% of the world population of Black-faced Cormorants.
Fauna.
As well as the Black-faced Cormorants, recorded breeding seabirds and waders include the Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Common Diving-Petrel, White-faced Storm-Petrel, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Crested Tern. Cape Barren Geese also breed there, European Rabbits have been introduced and the Southern Grass Skink is present.
Other islands in the Waterhouse Group with breeding seabirds include:

</doc>
<doc id="19110980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110980" title="Goran Marić (footballer)">
Goran Marić (footballer)

Goran Marić Govorcin (Serbian Cyrillic: Гopaн Mapић ; born 23 March 1984) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Lombard-Pápa TFC in Hungary, as a striker.
He spent most of his career in Spain, almost exclusively in the lower leagues with Celta de Vigo B.
Football career.
Early years / Celta.
Born in Novi Sad, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Marić moved to Spain in his teens, going on to play for three different clubs as a youth, including FC Barcelona and Celta de Vigo. He made his senior debuts with the latter's reserve team and scored regularly for the Segunda División B club, notably netting 21 goals in 32 games in the 2007–08 season (best in his group, second overall); however, he only appeared once for the main squad in Segunda División, his output consisting of 30 minutes in a 1–2 home loss against CD Castellón on 2 February 2008.
In 2008–09 Marić was loaned to another club in the third level, FC Barcelona B. In June 2009 he was released by the Galicians.
Norwich City.
Marić joined Norwich City on trial in the summer of 2009, touring with the club during its pre-season in Scotland and scoring twice in three games, against Airdrie United and St. Johnstone. Afterwards, club manager Bryan Gunn confirmed he had been impressed well enough to offer the player a contract, with the one-year deal being signed on 30 July.
Marić made his official debut for the Canaries against Yeovil Town, for the season's Football League Cup, appearing as a substitute. His first start came in the 2009–10 Football League Trophy against Brentford (1–0 win) but he was almost always fifth-choice during his spell, behind the habitual Grant Holt and Chris Martin but also Jamie Cureton and Cody McDonald; subsequently he left the side after his link was terminated by mutual consent, on 3 December 2009.
Return to Spain / Hungary.
For the second part of 2009–10 Marić returned to Spain and its division two, signing with Real Unión. He appeared rarely during the season (less than 1/2 of the league matches), also suffering team relegation.
Marić spent the better part of the following seasons in Hungary, in representation of Lombard-Pápa TFC.
Personal life.
Marić's father, Zoran, was also a footballer and a striker. He too spent many years working in Spain, mainly with Celta de Vigo.

</doc>
<doc id="19110984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19110984" title="Water supply and sanitation in the Netherlands">
Water supply and sanitation in the Netherlands

"This article was written in 2008 with some updates in 2012. Please feel free to further update it, if need be."
Water supply and sanitation in the Netherlands is provided in good quality and at a reasonable price to the entire population. Water consumption is one of the lowest in developed countries at 128 litres per capita per day and water leakage in the distribution network is one of the lowest in the world at only 6%.
A large array of institutions is responsible for providing water and sanitation services: 10 regional water companies provide drinking water, 431 municipalities are in charge of sewers, and 27 water boards treat wastewater. Two Ministries share responsibility for policy-making in the sector. A large number of knowledge institutes, NGOs and two business associations – VEWIN representing the interests of the water companies and UVW representing the water boards - complete the institutional landscape of the sector.
An interesting feature of the Dutch water sector is a performance benchmarking system for water companies first introduced in 1997, which has inspired similar efforts in other European countries. The Dutch parliament passed a law in 2004 banning private sector provision of water supply. However, while the water companies themselves remain publicly owned, they contract many services - such as customer service and repairs - out to the private sector.
Access and service quality.
The Dutch have universal access to the water supply and sanitation at very good quality. The drinking water network is in such good shape that treated water typically does not need to be chlorinated to prevent recontamination in the network, so that water reaches the consumer without a taste or smell of chlorine.
Water resources and water use.
60% of Dutch drinking water comes from groundwater, mainly in the eastern part of the Netherlands. The remaining 40% comes from surface water, mainly in the West where water utilities pump from the Rhine and the Meuse because groundwater is brackish. The government encourages the use of surface water by charging a groundwater abstraction levy. Average municipal water use is among the lowest in developed countries at only 128 litre/capita/day in 2004. 96% of water users are metered and a portion of their bill - typically about one half - is based on actual consumption.
Infrastructure and Human Resources.
Infrastructure. There are 116,000 km of water pipes in the Netherlands.
Human Resources. The ten regional water companies had 4,938 full-time equivalent employees in 2008. This figures does not include private sector employees working for companies to which the water companies contract out services. They also do not include employees of municipalities working on sewerage. About 11,000 people work at water boards, an unknown share of which operate and maintain wastewater treatment plants.
History and recent events.
Consolidation of water companies. In 1945 the Dutch water sector was highly fragmented with more than 200 water companies. Their number gradually declined to 10 five decades later. One reason was a transition from groundwater to surface water, and the need to construct capital-intensive and relatively complex treatment plants which required the cooperation of many municipalities. Another reason was that the national government encouraged the creation of larger public limited companies through a law enacted in 1975. However, since the 1990s consolidation has not been driven by the government, but rather by a desire of water companies themselves to reach economies of scale and to be "competitive" in a more liberalized European market.
Benchmarking. Since 1997 the Dutch water companies have engaged in a voluntary exercise to benchmark their performance against each other, in order to improve their efficiency and increase transparency. Initially, the benchmarking was undertaken to forestall a government proposal by the Ministry of Economic Affairs to establish a regulatory agency following the British model. Later on, when the regulatory agency did not materialize, benchmarking was pursued more and more for its intrinsic benefits. The Dutch benchmarking exercise covers four areas: water quality; service; environment; and finance and efficiency. The Dutch benchmarking program was the first nationwide benchmarking exercise in the water supply sector in continental Europe. Since then it has inspired similar water and sanitation benchmarking exercises in other European countries, including Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden and Germany. Most of these exercises are coordinated since 2004 in the North European Benchmarking Co-operation.
Ban of private companies from providing drinking water. In 2004 the Netherlands passed a law which prevents any privately owned company from providing drinking water services to the public. The law is a follow-up to a 1997 government paper, which made clear that water supply concessions would only be given to government-owned companies. It had been introduced in 2000 by the Dutch Environment Minister at the time (1998–2002), Jan Pronk. The bill only covers drinking water provision to households, not sewerage and wastewater treatment. Since almost all water companies in the Netherlands are public and they contract out many services to the private sector, which the law allows, the law has not had any practical consequences.
Responsibility for water supply and sanitation.
Responsibilities in the Dutch drinking water and sanitation sector are spread over a number of institutions at different levels of regional aggregation and with specific functions. At the national level two Ministries share responsibility for the sector, and there is no autonomous regulatory agency as it is the case in England, states of the US or Portugal. At the regional level there are 10 water companies in charge of drinking water supply and 27 water boards, which are in charge of wastewater treatment, among other tasks. At the local level, municipalities are in charge of sewerage. Knowledge institutions and NGOs play an active role in the sector. While the sector may appear institutionally fragmented, cooperation between the various stakeholders is usually strong, minimizing frictions and conflicts.
Policy and regulation.
The legal framework of the Dutch water sector consists of the Water Supply Act of 2005 and a corresponding Decree on Water Supply, as well as the Water Boards Act of 1995.
Within the government two Ministries share responsibility for the sector. The Ministry of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment (called VROM, using its Dutch acronym) is in charge of water supply and regulates public health.
The Ministry of Transport, Public Works and Water Management is in charge of water resources management. Its Directorate-General for Public Works and Water Management ("Rijkswaterstaat") is in charge of water resources policy and managing surface water, such as the IJsselmeer, and the rivers Rhine and Maas, in cooperation with the Water Boards (see below). The Ministry’s Inspectorate for Transport, Public Works and Water Management is in charge of monitoring compliance with regulations.
The 12 provinces of the Netherlands are responsible for groundwater management, for example through licenses for groundwater extraction. They usually delegate their water-related functions to the Water Boards (see below).
Service provision.
Public regional water companies. Ten Dutch water companies are responsible for drinking water supply in the Netherlands. The Association of Dutch Water Companies (Vewin) represents them. Many of their services, such as customer relations and repairs, are contracted out to the private sector.
Private sector. The small private company NV Bronwaterleiding Doorn provides drinking water to the municipality of Doorn and a neighboring municipality. As per the provision of the law banning private sector participation in the provision of water services, the company is slated to be taken over by the much larger regional public water company VITENS which operates in the surrounding area.
Municipalities. 431 municipalities are responsible for collecting wastewater via the sewer system.
Water Boards. The 27 water boards ("Waterschappen") are key institutions in charge of water resources management in the Netherlands. They are decentralised public authorities with their own legal personality and financial resources. Water boards are based on the Dutch Constitution. Their responsibilities are outlined in the Water Boards Act of 1995. Water boards are responsible for flood control, management of regional water resources (quantity and quality) and treatment of urban wastewater. The oldest water boards date from the 13th century, making them the oldest democratic structure in the Netherlands. The umbrella organisation of the water boards is the Association of Dutch Water Boards ("Unie van Waterschappen"). Many water boards contract out services to the private sector, such as through DBFO (Design, Build, Finance, Operate) contracts for wastewater treatment plants involving private operation for a period of 30 years.
Waternet In the case of Amsterdam, the local water supply company and the local Water Board DWR merged in January 2006 to form Waternet, thus forming the first integrated water and sanitation company in the Netherlands.
Knowledge institutes.
According to the Netherlands Water Information Network, the Netherlands has “developed a coherent knowledge infrastructure in the water sector, comprising government and private research centres, technological and educational institutes (such as Alterra, UNESCO-IHE, ITC, Deltares) and several universities”. These institutes carry out a broad range of basic and applied research, from hydraulic engineering to integrated water management. The institutes have formed close connections with internationally oriented private sector companies. The institutes “have built up considerable networks and experience in water-related issues at international level”. Lessons learned abroad have also been successfully applied in the Netherlands. For example, the results of research into the natural processes of undisturbed water systems (which are now rare in the Netherlands), are used as points of reference for the ecological restoration of water systems.
Non-governmental organizations.
Still according to the Netherlands Water Information Network, many Dutch non-governmental organizations (NGOs) engaged in the water sector “have a solid institutional and financial base, as well as an international focus”. They participate in UN organizations, sessions of the Global Biodiversity Forum (with inputs from the World Conservation Union, IUCN), the Ramsar Bureau and Convention, and the World Water Forum. The international NGOs Wetland International and Bird Life International are based in Wageningen. Their presence has “not only helped to improve the interactions between Dutch ministries, knowledge institutes and NGOs, but has also strengthened the effectiveness and scope of Dutch protection strategies”.
Efficiency.
Using established indicators for the technical operational efficiency of water utilities, the Dutch water companies are highly efficient. For example, according to the association of Dutch water utilities, leakage losses are below 6%. According to the same source, the number of employees per 1,000 connections (water only, without sanitation) is less than 1. Both these figures are among the lowest in the world.
Financial aspects.
Tariffs. According to the consulting firm NUS the average water tariff for the five largest cities in the Netherlands in 2007 for a monthly consumption of 10m³ was slightly higher than the national average indicated by VEWA, at €1.77/m³. The average sanitation tariff was €2.09/m³. The total water and sanitation tariff of €3.87/m³. According to the study, it is the third-highest tariff among 11 European countries included in the study after Germany and Denmark.
According to VEWIN, the association of water companies, the average water tariff for all cities in the Netherlands in 2008 was slightly lower at €1.49/m³ but without sanitation. This includes €0.20/m³ of tap water tax and (VAT, as well as €0.15/m³ groundwater tax, provincial groundwater levies, distribution and concession reimbursements. Tariffs vary between €1.17 and €2.01 per m³. The tariff structure is binomial with a fixed portion and a variable portion. Tariffs can vary within the service area of a water company, depending on local costs. The International Water Association estimated that the average residential water bill in the Netherlands for a consumption of 200m³ per year in 2007 was €250.00.
Water board finances and wastewater treatment levy. Water boards have the authority to levy taxes and finance their activities mostly with revenues from these taxes. The three main taxes levied by the water boards are a charge for flood protection, a water resources management charge, and a water pollution levy for wastewater treatment. The pollution levy is based on the principle that a polluter must pay for the pollution that he causes. Every household in the Netherlands pays the pollution levy. Companies and organizations pay a rate linked to the quantity and composition of their waste water. The revenues from these taxes provide a budget of €1.9 billion in 2004. The total costs in the same year are estimated at around €2.3 billion, including a share for wastewater treatment. On average around 95% of all annual investment costs and management and maintenance costs by the Water Boards are covered by their revenues.
Investment. €323m was invested in water supply in 2008. There is no information on investments in sanitation, making international comparisons difficult.
See also.
EU water policy

</doc>
<doc id="19111001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111001" title="Timothy Bates">
Timothy Bates

Timothy C. Bates (born 1963) is a professor of individual differences in psychology at the University of Edinburgh (Scotland). His current research interests include the genetics of reading and spelling, intelligence, and personality.
He is currently a member of the editorial board of the journal "Intelligence". His Ph.D. was completed in 1994 at the University of Auckland (New Zealand) and integrated the Eysenckian dimensional model of psychosis with the categorical model of schizotypy proposed by Paul E. Meehl, using measures of personality, creativity, evoked potentials, and smooth pursuit eye movement dysfunction. He has since conducted research in individual differences, genetics, and cognitive neuropsychology, publishing nearly 100 peer-reviewed scientific journal articles.
His principal academic achievements include demonstrating the existence of two separate forms of dyslexia, underpinned by distinct genes, and, subsequently, demonstrating that the genes associated with dyslexia are also linked to normal variation in reading ability. This work evolved into searches for specific genes involved in reading and language.
In positive psychology, he showed (along with Alexander Weiss and Michelle Luciano) that the genes for happiness are genes for personality, suggesting that a general factor of genetic well-being and specific genetic influences from the five factor model traits of Extraversion, Neuroticism/Stability, and Conscientiousness completely explain the heritable component of differences in happiness.
With Caroline Rae, Bates showed that creatine supports cognitive function - finding that creatine supplements in vegans substantially increased their cognitive ability and working memory by comparison with placebo. This supported a literal 'mental energy' model of intelligence, first postulated by Charles Spearman. In his work with the late Hans Eysenck and subsequently with Con Stough on the role of basic information processing speed in human intelligence, he used ERP complexity measures to argue for a modification to the Hendrickson and Hendrickson error or "string theory" (so named as pins and string were used to make the measurements of EEG output) model of ability, to include a controlling role of attention. In related work on reaction time, he introduced a novel modification to the Jensen box, again controlling the role of attention in this task, and suggesting that under these conditions, intelligence is, as Arthur Jensen proposed, related to the rate of information processing defined in Fitts Law and using Claude Shannon's information metrics. 
At Edinburgh University he has investigated individual differences in intelligence, memory, and the genetic and environmental influences on social behaviours, such as coalition affiliation, politics, and altruism. Working with Ian Deary, Paul Irwing, and Geoff Derr, he reported evidence for substantial gender differences in intelligence in the form of much larger variance amongst males than amongst females, with more boys and men scoring in both the extreme high range, and in the extreme low range.

</doc>
<doc id="19111004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111004" title="Jacek Koman">
Jacek Koman

Jacek Koman (born 15 August 1956) is a Polish actor, who now lives in Australia.
Early life.
Koman was born in Bielsko-Biała, Poland and came to Australia in 1982 with his brother Tomek. They landed in Perth, before heading over to Melbourne, where he began acting again.
Personal life.
In Melbourne, Koman met his partner, Australian actress Catherine McClements, in the late 1980s at the Anthill Theatre. They now have two children together – Clementine Coco (born July 2001) and Quincy (born May 2007). The couple have worked together a number of times, including films "Redheads" and "Floodhouse", as well as an episode of "Rush" in 2009, and theatre productions "Cruel and Tender" (2005), "Macbeth" (2003), "The Blind Giant is Dancing" (1995) and "Angels in America" (1994).
In 2011, he was nominated for an AACTA award for his guest performance in "Spirited".
In 2012, he appeared as "The Great Hypno" in the Australian television series "Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries".
In 2013, Koman will return to the stage after an eight year absence, in Tom Holloway's translation of Friedrich Durrenmatt's play "Dance of Death" at the Malthouse Theatre in Melbourne.
Music career.
Koman is also the lead singer of VulgarGrad, a Melbourne band who play Russian-style music and who formed in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19111049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111049" title="Carnival song">
Carnival song

A carnival song or canto carnascialesco (pl. "canti carnascialeschi") was a late fifteenth- and early sixteenth-century song used to celebrate the carnival season in Florence, mainly the weeks preceding Lent and the Calendimaggio, which lasted from May 1 to June 24. The festivities included song and dance, usually performed or led by masked professionals. 
The carnival song was elaborated under the rule of Duke Lorenzo the Magnificent (1469–92) and the ducal court became more involved. Lorenzo wrote lyric poems designed to be sung by members of his court and of the city's guilds, whose members also sang their own songs, with lyrics drawn mostly from popular legend and daily life. These "canti" are the textual descendants of the "caccia", a song form that was typically satiric and obscene, revelling in the double entendre. The musical settings were generally chordal and strophic (often ABBC), similar to the frottola, which was then popular in Mantua. The A and B stanzas were typically in common metre, the final stanza was then in perfect (i.e. 3/4) time. Performance outdoors and before popular audiences probably constrained the music to be simple and unsubtle. These songs were usually serenades, chariot songs, and processionals, often song from parade floats. 
Though we know that Heinrich Isaac composed "canti carnascialeschi" for Lorenzo around 1480, none of these works survive. One anonymous surviving song, "Orsu car' Signori", is an advertisement paid for by the guild of scribes: "Step up, dear sirs, if you wish your bulls quickly certified." The fate of many of the "canti" was sealed by the fall of the Medici and the Bonfire of the Vanities (and the like) under Girolamo Savonarola. Some melodies escaped destruction by being set to new (sacred) words. The "canti", with the carnivals, were restored after Savonarola's downfall in 1498, but they were increasing ceremonial in character and the exercise of writing songs for them became more literary. 

</doc>
<doc id="19111060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111060" title="Island Lake Lodge">
Island Lake Lodge

Island Lake Lodge and catskiing is a back country resort located on of mountainous terrain near Fernie B.C. Canada. Island Lake Lodge is situated in Fernie, British Columbia, Canada just beyond the Mount Fernie Provincial Park. 
During the winter cat-skiing operation, the Island Lake Resorts land holdings are used primarily by guests of the lodge, who
access the lodge by snowcat. Members of the public use the cross-country trail system in the Cedar Valley. Currently, the cat-skiing operates with three snowcats that can handle a maximum of thirty six guests. Additionally, some back-country touring groups access the high alpine terrain by traversing over from Fernie Alpine Resort. In summer, the access road is open to the lodge. Popular summer activities include: dining at the lodge, the spa facilities, guided hiking, mountain biking and fly fishing.
History.
The Island Lake property has been under private ownership since the early 1900s. In 1907, the North America Land and Lumber Company purchased the mill and timber rights to the area now known as the Island Lake Resort from the Cedar Valley Company. The mill was located at the junction of the existing access road (Mount Fernie Park Road) and Highway 3. Logging was restricted to the distance foresters were able to drag the logs to the mill and only the lower portion of the resort access road shows signs of high grade logging. Eventually, the land was sold to Shell Oil Company. Island Lake Mountain Tours began as a small back-country ski touring operation on the property in 1986, leasing the land from Shell Oil Company. In 1988, one of the founders purchased a Pisten Bulley snowcat and catskiing at Island Lake was introduced. 
Initially, accommodation, meals and leisure space were provided in the small Bear Lodge building. In 1994, Island Lake Mountain Tours purchased the land from Shell Oil Company. With the purchase of the lodge and land, Island Lake Mountain Tours became the only cat-skiing operation in British Columbia to own the land they operated on. In 1996, the accommodation capacity was increased with the construction of the Red Eagle Lodge. More upscale accommodations were added in the Cedar Lodge in 2002. Construction of the Tamarack Lodge which now functions as the hub of the resort including a full serviced restaurant, spa facilities and eight luxury suites, commenced in 2004.
In April 2005, the property was purchased by the owners of Mica Heli Guides in Mica Creek, British Columbia who continue to operate the Resort.
Geography.
Island Lake Lodge is surrounded by the Canadian Rockies in the southern portion of the Kootenay Range in Cedar Valley, to the west of the City of Fernie.
Unique weather patterns tend to bring much more precipitation to the area than one might typically find this far inland, making the area a mecca for powder skiing.
Extra.
Bear Grylls and the crew filming an episode of well known survival television program 'Man vs Wild' used the Lodge during film of episode 3, in season 7. Bear had a suspect broken leg during filming, however this was later concluded to be severe tumescence and bruising.

</doc>
<doc id="19111062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111062" title="Bob Withers">
Bob Withers

Robert 'Bob' Withers is a former Australian rules footballer who played in Tasmania and for Port Melbourne, noted for his selection in the 1961 All-Australian team. 
Withers was a regular member of the Port Melbourne side during the 1950s and represented the VFA in 1957, 1958 and 1959. He moved to Tasmania in 1960 and joined NTFA club North Launceston as captain-coach, steering the club to premierships in 1961 and 1963. In his first year at North Launceston he was selected to the Tasmanian interstate team and helped them to their maiden win over rivals Victoria. He represented Tasmania on 15 occasions in total and was an All-Australian at the 1961 Brisbane Carnival. Twice, in games against the VFA, Withers captained Tasmania and he won a Lefroy Medal in 1963.
His coaching career continued after he hanged up the boots and he was in charge of Launceston when they won the 1969 premiership. Withers also served as assistant coach of Essendon in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19111083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111083" title="Frida Winnerstrand">
Frida Winnerstrand

Karolina Alfrida ("Frida") Winnerstrand, "née Kumlin", 23 January 1881 – 1 December 1943 was a Swedish actress.
Biography.
Born in Lövsta, Järfälla, Stockholm, Frida Winnerstrand made her debut 1896 in the Anna Lundbergs Theatre Company and later studied acting at the Royal Dramatic Theatre's acting school (Dramatens elevskola) in Stockholm 1900-1901. Later she joined the Hillberg Company (1901–02) and the Selander Company (1902–03) on tour. Performed at Albert Ranft's theatre, old Östermalmsteatern 1903, at the Swedish Theatre 1904 and from 1905-19 at Vasateatern. From 1919 to her death in 1943 she worked at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm where some of her most notable parts were as Lady Chiltern in Oscar Wildes "An Ideal Husband" (1919), Adelaide i play "Johan Ulfstjerna", Julia Swedenhielm in Hjalmar Bergmans "Swedenhielms" (1925), Essie Miller in Eugene O'Neills "Ah, Wilderness!" (1935–36), Mrs Heyst in Strindbergs "Easter" and as Mor i Falla in Selma Lagerlöfs "Kejsarn av Portugallien (The Emperor of Portugal) (1939)". 
Frida Winnerstrand made her film debut in 1920 in Pauline Brunius silent short film "De läckra skaldjuren", and played altogether 10 parts on film (only three talkies). She was since 1906 married to Swedish actor Olof Winnerstrand. They often appeared together on stage and played opposite each other in the popular long-running radio series "Familjen Björck (The Bjorck Family)", as Mr and Mrs Bjorck (that aired in Swedish Radio, SR, between 1936-1943), and later also in the popular film adaption of the series, shot in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19111093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111093" title="Chavutti Thirumal">
Chavutti Thirumal

Chavutti Thirumal.
Chavutti Thirumal, literally meaning foot pressure in the Malayalam language, and also known as Foot/Rope massage, is a traditional Indian massage technique developed by the Kalari Martial Artists of Kerala India (Kalaripayattu), and it is thought to be approximately two thousand years old. 
The Kalaripayattu not only trained in battle but also developed a range of healing modalities known as Kalari Chikitsa, which comprises massage techniques; Chavutti Thirumal, Marma Massage (Uzhichil), and the application of medicinal herbal oils. 
Unlike most massage modalilties, Chavutti Thirumal is unique as the feet are predominately used to deliver the treatment, this act an art form, with the technique being precisely executioned by the practitioner's foot, in long, sweeping therapeutic motions from the fingers to the toes of the recipient. 
The main focus of Chavutti Thirumal is to increase flexibility, so the position of the recipients body on the floor with the therapist holding on to a rope for support, is paramount. Correctly positioned, the massage enables postural muscles to strengthen, the hips and thoracic area to open, and the energetic channels (nadi's) to become activated. 
An Ida and Pingala approach is evident in Kalaripayattu with Kalari Chikitsa being entwined within the training regime where it is used to prepare and heal the body in the two distinct training and healing seasons. 
Chavutti Thirumal is practised currently in India, United Kingdom, Spain, France, America and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19111109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111109" title="Mike Pace">
Mike Pace

Mike Pace is an Iowa radio and television personality, most notable as the former emcee of Powerball drawings. (Pace hosted Powerball for the final time on December 31, 2008, from the U.S. Virgin Islands. He continues to be based in Iowa while the Powerball drawings moved to Florida on January 7, 2009.) He is also an actor, narrator and host. Pace has done voice work for Buick, Pontiac, Ford, Toyota, Ciba-Giegy and NAPA.

</doc>
<doc id="19111116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111116" title="Rooster River">
Rooster River

Rooster River is a river in Fairfield County, Connecticut that lies on and serves as the border between Bridgeport and Fairfield. It has flooded on numerous occasions and so has its own flood control project.
Rooster River extends southward into Long Island Sound as Ash Creek. The source of the river is Lake Forest in Bridgeport, Horse Tavern Brook in Trumbull, and London's Brook from the Fairchild Wheeler golf course.

</doc>
<doc id="19111129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111129" title="List of World Heritage Sites in the United States">
List of World Heritage Sites in the United States

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage as described in the UNESCO World Heritage Convention, established in 1972. The United States of America ratified the convention on December 7, 1972, making its historical sites eligible for inclusion on the list.
The first sites in the United States added to the list were Mesa Verde National Park and Yellowstone National Park, both at the Second Session of the World Heritage Committee, held in Washington, D.C. from September 5–8, 1978. In total, 21 sites have been included, the most recent being Papahānaumokuākea in 2010. The twenty-one sites are located in eighteen different states and two territories. California, Hawaii, Montana, and New Mexico each contain multiple sites, while two sites (Waterton-Glacier International Peace Park and Kluane / Wrangell – St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek) are transboundary sites shared with Canada.
List of sites.
The table lists information about each World Heritage Site:
Sites by state.
Exclusive sites refer to sites locating in a single community. Shared sites refers to sites with entries in multiple states or shared with another country.
Tentative list.
The following sites have been added to the United States' tentative list of inclusion on the World Heritage List. The tentative list for sites within the United States was last updated in 2008. In addition to sites within the 50 states, the tentative list includes one site in American Samoa, an unincorporated territory of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19111141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111141" title="Kevin Parsons (politician)">
Kevin Parsons (politician)

Kevin Parsons MHA, (born 1961) is a Canadian politician from Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. Parsons has represented the electoral district of Cape St. Francis in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly since 2008.
A member of the Progressive Conservative Party, Parsons was elected in a by-election on August 27, 2008, following the death of longtime Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly and former cabinet minister Jack Byrne. His father Kevin Sr. represented the districted for 10 years between 1986 and 1996.
Parson also served as mayor of Flatrock from 2005 till his election as MHA in 2008.
Electoral record.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|4,154
!align="right"|
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="19111161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111161" title="William Heminges">
William Heminges

William Heminges (1602 – c. 1653?), also Hemminges, Heminge, and other variants, was a playwright and theatrical figure of the Caroline period. He was the ninth child and third son of John Heminges, the actor and colleague of William Shakespeare.
William Heminges was christened on 3 October 1602 in the parish of St. Mary's, Aldermanbury, in London. He was educated at Winchester School and then at Christ Church, Oxford, where he attained his M.A. degree in 1628. Only two of his plays have survived, "The Jews' Tragedy" (1626; published 1662) and "The Fatal Contract" (c. 1639; published 1653). In these two tragedies, the dramatist was strongly influenced by the works of Shakespeare. A third play is lost: titled "The Coursing of the Hare, or the Madcap", it was staged at the Fortune Theatre in March 1633.
Little is known of Heminges's life. The parish records of St. Giles in the Fields record the birth of a daughter in 1639, and the burials of two sons a decade later. He was in financial difficulties in the middle 1630s, and spent some time in prison. His date of death is a mystery; Andrew Pennycuicke and Anthony Turner, the booksellers who issued "The Fatal Contract" in 1653, refer to him then as deceased.
The "Elegy".
Among Heminges's non-dramatic literary works, his satirical "Elegy on Randolph's Finger" (c. 1632) has gathered significant attention from scholars and critics. Its fullest version occurs in MS. Ashmole 38 in the collection of the Bodleian Library at Oxford. The poem refers to an incident in which Thomas Randolph lost his finger "in a fray" with "a riotous gentleman." (Heminges and Randolph were friends and former schoolmates.) In the poem, the severed finger is carried into the Underworld by group of English poets that includes Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, Michael Drayton, Thomas Dekker, Thomas Middleton, George Chapman, Thomas Heywood, James Shirley, John Ford, John Webster, and Richard Brome, among others — the "neoterical refined wits" of the age.
Charon, however, refuses to ferry the group across the river Styx, because they can't pay his fee. (John Taylor the Water Poet tries to talk Charon into giving them a free ride...but unsuccessfully.) Eventually the poets obtain some of Mercury's quicksilver, and use that to pay the fare. Across the river, Randolph's finger is welcomed by Edmund Spenser, Geoffrey Chaucer, Rabelais, Plautus, Terence, and other worthies.
An excerpt from the longer poem, in slightly different form, is known by the title "On the Time Poets." It was first published anonymously in the 1656 collection "Choice Drollery, Songs, and Sonnets".
As John Heminges' last surviving son, William Heminges inherited his father's shares in the Globe Theatre and the Blackfriars Theatre at John Heminges's death in 1630. Together with Cuthbert Burbage, Richard Robinson and Winifred (d.1642), his wife, Joseph Taylor and John Lowin, William Heminges filed a Bill of Complaint on 28 January 1632 in the Court of Requests against the owner of the Globe, Sir Matthew Brend, in order to obtain confirmation of an extension of the 31-year lease originally granted by Sir Matthew Brend's father, Nicholas Brend. 
Heminges sold off his shares from 1630-1634, primarily to John Shank, comedian with the King's Men. William's sales to Shank earned him £156 in 1633 and £350 in 1634. William "was then in difficulties, and Shank disbursed additional small sums to him in prison." Shank's sudden wealth in theatre shares (two shares in the Blackfriars and three in the Globe) provoked three other members of the King's Men, Robert Benfield, Thomas Pollard, and Eliard Swanston, to petition the Lord Chamberlain for a more equitable division of the wealth. The resulting controversy generated what are often termed the "Sharers's papers," documents that provide significant information of the theatrical conditions of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19111168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111168" title="Kevin Pollard">
Kevin Pollard

Kevin Pollard (born 1958 in Roddickton, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian politician. He was elected to the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly in a by-election on August 27, 2008, representing the electoral district of Baie Verte-Springdale as a member of the Progressive Conservatives.
He is a former mayor of Springdale.
Electoral record.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,540
!align="right"|
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="19111194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111194" title="Ash Creek (Connecticut)">
Ash Creek (Connecticut)

Ash Creek is a tidal creek and intertidal wetland in Fairfield County, Connecticut that serves as a border between the city of Bridgeport and the town of Fairfield. It is the last salt water estuary in the area, extending from Long Island Sound and up the Rooster River.
History.
The area was known on colonial maps as the Uncoway or Fairfield River. Ash Creek has served as Fairfield's main harbor since the founding of the town in 1639. The Ritz Ballroom was also located in the neighborhood.
Memorial plaque.
The Arthur Gruhn Memorial Cable Crossing plaque was erected on Connecticut Route 130 at the Bridgeport-Fairfield town line on March 24, 2009. It is in recognition of ConnDOT Chief Engineer Gruhn's work by Connecticut Light & Power and the United Illuminating Company for his work allowing for the Middletown-Norwalk transmission line upgrade. Engineer Gruhn's work provided for a practical electric system upgrade while environmentally preserving Ash Creek.
Public use and preservation area.
The town of Fairfield began accumulating land in 1931 for
Ash Creek Open Space, which includes a public access (handicap accessible) boat launch at the mouth of the river. Fishing, crabbing, picnicking, walking trails, and other activities are permitted. The preservation area is approximately in size.
Other uses.
Ash Creek has a namesake restaurant in Black Rock, called the Ash Creek Saloon.

</doc>
<doc id="19111224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111224" title="Edmund Meyricke">
Edmund Meyricke

Edmund Meyricke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19111237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111237" title="Museo dell'Opera del Duomo">
Museo dell'Opera del Duomo

In Italian cities, the Museo dell'Opera del Duomo, the "Museum of the Cathedral works", houses works of art formerly in the city cathedral, the "Duomo". 
Some details about the individual museums can be found in each city's article:

</doc>
<doc id="19111251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111251" title="Yatterman (film)">
Yatterman (film)

Plot.
In Tokyoko, a fictional city sporting various homages of Tatsunoko Production works, the Doronbo Gang have seemingly destroyed a large part of the city. The heroic Yatterman duo make their entrance with Yatterwoof (Yamadera, voice), a sentient dog-shaped mecha and Toybotty (Takahashi, voice), their robot sidekick. After a series of slapstick combat scenes, the Doronbo trio flee back to their mecha to defeat Yatterwan. Cheering at their first victory, the villains accidentally hit the mecha's self-destruct button. When the chaos clears, a teenage girl emerges from the ruins with a blue object in her hands. 
The Narrator (Yamadera) explains Gan Takada (aka Yatterman #1, Sakurai) and his girlfriend, Ai Kaminari (aka Yatterman #2, Fukuda), live a double life as crime-fighting heroes. They are based under Takada Toys, founded by Gan's father. Gan built Toybotty and Yatterwoof, the latter an abandoned plan from his father. The girl they found in the ruins was Shoko Kaieda (Okamoto), daughter of Dr. Kaieda (Abu), an archaeologist. The piece of blue stone Shoko carries is a part of the Skull Stone, a legendary object now split into four pieces. Dr Kaieda, who is on a quest to find them, is attacked in the forest of Narway by Skullobey (Takeguchi), a black-clad being with an oversized skull. 
The Doronbo Trio is then introduced. The gang includes Doronjo, the sexy female boss; Boyacky (Namase), the clever but lecherous mecha genius; and Tonzra, the gluttonous, kansai-ben-speaking strongman. Skullobey sends them orders to find the Skull Stone pieces, and will punish them should they fail. The trio open a wedding store called "Doro Merry" to raise money to build a new mecha: the , a very feminine-looking construction. A robot skull arrives to deliver Skullobey's message: another Stone is in Ogypt, and the Doronbo trio must find it without losing Shoko. The skull self-destructs. Unknown to the trio, Toybotty witnesses everything and reports back to Gan and Ai. The duo transform into Yatterman and set off for Ogypt. When the group discover the missing piece, the villains arrive on the scene. They again use their mecha to damage Yatterwoof. After consuming a Mechanade thrown by Gan, the dog robot releases a swarm of ant robots which destroy the Bridesmaidiot, dragging Yatterwoof with it.
Back home, Gan tries to rebuild Yatterwoof while Ai, jealous of Shoko and Doronjo goes out for a walk. The trio receive another message that another piece of the Stone is in the Southern Halps. It is then revealed that Skullobey wants Doronjo for himself. Meanwhile, things around the world start to disappear, and before he can tell the truth behind the Skull Stone pieces, Toybotty, who has been analyzing the Stone, disappears, as well. Ai discovers another scam by the villains, involving a sushi restaurant, to raise money for their new robot, a giant squid. She also overhears that the last piece is hidden in the Southern Halps. The Doronbo trio then set out in a Squid mecha. 
Upon returning to base, Gan reads the analysis made by Toybotty before it disappeared: the Skull pieces, put back together, will destroy the flow of time itself, causing the disappearance of all things. The only way to stop this is to destroy the Stone when the pieces are reunited. The Yatterman duo set out with Shoko riding Yatterking, an upgraded Yatterwoof. The trio find the final piece. When the heroes arrive, Skullobey encases them in a giant dome filled with clockworks. Doronjo zaps Ai to force the Yatterman duo apart, only to finally discover the true love between Gan and Ai. 
Shoko realizes Skullobey has possessed her father and due to her pleas, Dr. Kaieda is able to free himself from Skullobey and reveal his true form. Fighting as a unit again, Yatterman #1 and #2 team up with a reformed Doronbo Gang defeat Skullobey to trap him in the other world. Later, Gan and Ai bid Shoko and her father farewell, who leave to explore the world some more while the Doronbo Gang goes their separate ways.
Reception.
On its release weekend it topped the Japanese box office with $4,626,729. It went on to be a major commercial success in Japan and has made $30,365,792 so far. The film itself however, has received generally mixed reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="19111264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111264" title="James Gilmour (Miramichi lumber baron)">
James Gilmour (Miramichi lumber baron)

James Gilmour (14 October 1782 - 29 January 1858) was a prominent Scottish-born entrepreneur, farmer, school trustee, justice of the peace, militia officer, and co-founder of both Douglastown, New Brunswick, and Gilmour, Rankin & Co. 
Born in 1782, James Gilmour was the brother of Allan Gilmour, Sr, and the son of Allan Gilmour and Elizabeth Pollok. He was sent in 1812 (together with Alexander Rankin) to establish a base on the Miramichi River (New Brunswick, Canada) for the family's Glasgow-based firm, Pollok, Gilmour and Company. Together, James Gilmour and Alexander Rankin, founded the small community of Gretna Green (later Douglastown, New Brunswick), and established a new branch for the firm, Gilmour, Rankin & Co. 
Gilmour and Rankin first developed a sawmill, offices and a house at Douglastown, New Brunswick, and later established a shipbuilding yard and a second sawmill. They were one of the largest and most influential employers in the region, highly successful as timber merchants and ship builders. 
James Gilmour returned to Scotland in 1840, and died at Eaglesham, Renfrewshire in 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="19111274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111274" title="Bartolomé Ramos de Pareja">
Bartolomé Ramos de Pareja

Bartolomé Ramos de Pareja (ca. 1440 – 1522) was a Spanish mathematician, music theorist, and composer. His only surviving work is the Latin treatise "Musica practica". 
By his own testimony at the end of his "Musica practica", Ramos de Pareja was born in Baeza, possibly around 1440. Most of the biographical details of his life must be culled from this treatise. He says that he was a student of Juan de Monte and that he obtained the chair of music at the University of Salamanca for his commentaries on the works of Boëthius ("cum Boetium in musica legeremus"). At Salamanca he had many debates with Pedro de Osma concerning his musical theories. In 1482, when he published his "Musica", he revolutionarily proposed a new, five-limit division of the monochord, breaking from the Pythagorean system that had dominated the medieval "ars antiqua" through Boëthius and Guido of Arezzo. This system of musical tuning yielded consonant perfect fourths and fifths, but the thirds and sixths were rough. Ramos de Pareja's new division was only slowly accepted. Afterwards he worked in Italy, primarily at Bologna, where his theories engendered serious controversy, even polemics, from conservatives such as Franchino Gaffurio. After a long stay there he moved to Rome, where he died shortly after 1521.
Ramos de Pareja sought to heal the divide between music in theory and in practice. To this end he sought to render the dissonant thirds and sixths consonant. He proposed the intervals 5/4, 6/5, 5/3, and 8/5 for the division of the monochord, subsequently accepted universally. Less successful was his attempt to replace hexachordal notation with a system of eight syllables denoting the eight sounds of a diatonic scale: "psal-li-tur-per-vo-ces-is-tas". 
The "Musica practica" also contains interesting commentary on mensural notation, chromatic alterations, examples of counterpoint, musical instruments, and the division of music and its effects. Ramos de Pareja was the first theorist to label the method now known as the Guidonian hand the "manus Guidonis"; prior to him it was called the "manus musicalis". He chose the title "Musica practica" to emphasise the practical rather than the theoretical/mathematical component of music. Throughout Ramos de Pareja alludes to his own compositions, though few survive.

</doc>
<doc id="19111300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111300" title="Malaysia Berjaya">
Malaysia Berjaya

Malaysia Berjaya is a patriotic Malaysian national song. This song was written by Saiful Bahri and performed by Jamaludin Alias which was given wide air-time play by Radio Televisyen Malaysia (RTM) in the late 1960s and early 1970s.This song is believed to commemorate the Malaysia's victory during the Konfrontasi era;However,there are no confirmation or info about it.

</doc>
<doc id="19111301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111301" title="Chicago Board of Trade v. United States">
Chicago Board of Trade v. United States

Chicago Board of Trade v. United States, 246 U.S. 231 (1918), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States applied the rule of reason to the internal trading rules of a commodity market.
Facts.
Defendant Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) is a commodity market, dealing in spot sales (sales of grain stored in Chicago and ready for delivery), future sales (grain to be purchased for delivery at a later time), and “to arrive” orders (grain which is en route to Chicago). CBOT introduced a new “call rule” which regulated board members buying or selling sales of “to arrive” orders—at the close of the call session (which at that point was 2:00 p.m Central Time), the price of grain is set and dealers can’t sell grain at any other price. The United States Department of Justice accused CBOT of price-fixing, and in 1913, filed suit against the Board in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
At trial, CBOT asserted that the rule did not have any unlawful purpose, but rather was set up to curb certain pre-existing problems and abuses. CBOT claimed that a group of agents were lowering discounts on commissions to those people buying grain after hours. These agents would wait until after hours, and then buyers would get cheaper prices. CBOT wanted to curb the power of these monopsony/oligopsony type of buyers by making prices same for everyone after hours. Also, the rule shortened the traders’ work hours, for the convenience of its members.
Ultimately, however, the District Court did not issue an opinion. The Justice Department and CBOT entered into a consent decree under which enjoined them from acting upon the same or from adopting or acting upon any similar rule.
Judgment.
Justice Brandeis, writing for a unanimous court, first observed that every trade association and board of trade imposes some restraint upon the conduct of its members. He explained the essence of the Rule of Reason: "The true test of legality is whether the restraint imposed is such as merely regulates and perhaps thereby promotes competition or whether it is such as may suppress or even destroy competition." Whether or not a rule restrains trade in violation of the Sherman Act thus turns on the facts and circumstances of each particular case.
He then examined the nature, scope, effect, and history of the rule. He held that the call rule was ultimately procompetitive in purpose and effect. The scope of the rule was such that it only operated during certain times of day, and affects only small percentage of the grain market. The rule helped to create public market for grain, and made pricing more transparent. It decreased the market power of dominant sellers, and made sure that prices were set by open competitive bidding. The decree of the District Court was reversed.

</doc>
<doc id="19111369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111369" title="William T. Dzurilla">
William T. Dzurilla

William T. Dzurilla, formerly William T. D'Zurilla, is an attorney, a partner in the Boies, Schiller & Flexner law firm's Fort Lauderdale, Florida office. He was a law clerk for Justice Byron White of the United States Supreme Court from 1982 to 1983. He played a key role in the privatization of major state-owned businesses in Slovakia.
Biography.
Born on December 19, 1953, the grandson of Slovak immigrants, Dzurilla grew up in Carteret, New Jersey. His family moved to Holly Hill, Florida, and he graduated from Mainland High School in Daytona Beach. He received his B.A. degree from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in 1978, and his J.D. from Tulane Law School in 1981.
After graduation, he clerked for Judge Albert Tate of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit from 1981 to 1982 and then for Justice Byron White of the U.S. Supreme Court from 1982 to 1983.
After completing his clerkship, Dzurilla joined the New Orleans firm of Gordon Arata McCollam & Duplantis, where he stayed for 15 years. He worked with his former co-clerk Patricia A. Dean on the defense of a First Amendment challenge to the constitutionality of seven federal, state, and local school aid programs, which culminated in "Mitchell v. Helms", a U.S. Supreme Court decision overruling previous authority. Dzurilla also helped obtain a unanimous Louisiana Supreme Court decision finding Louisiana's forum non conveniens statute contrary to the Supremacy Clause of the U.S. Constitution, an appellate decision striking down Louisiana's Any Willing Provider statute as preempted by ERISA, and a U.S. Fifth Circuit opinion overturning a criminal mail fraud conviction on Double Jeopardy grounds.
In 1990, on behalf of the Federal Bar Association's Democracy Development Initiative, Dzurilla spent two months in Moscow, Russia as an advisor to the Russian Constitutional Commission, which was preparing the first non-socialist constitution of the Russian Federation. The commission was chaired by Russian president Boris Yeltsin, and Dzurilla worked closely with Oleg Rumyantsev, the chairman of the commission's working group. The commission's work led to the enactment of the 1993 Constitution of Russia. However, as a result of the 1993 Russian constitutional crisis, the final version differed from the commission's draft by substantially increasing the powers of the president.
In 1998, Dzurilla accepted a Fulbright Scholarship to teach law at the Comenius University in Bratislava, Slovakia. While in Slovakia, he joined White & Case and stayed with that firm for four years, handling several important deals in the Slovak Republic's transition from a Soviet satellite to a full member of the European Union. Mr. Dzurilla worked with Slovak Minister of Finance Brigita Schmögnerová on the privatization of the Slovak Savings Bank (Slovenská sporiteľňa) and the General Credit Bank (VÚB), the two largest Slovak banks. He represented Electricite de France in its acquisition of the Central Slovak Electric Company, and Allianz in its purchase of the Slovak Insurance Company. He advised the Slovak government in the sale of 49% of the shares of the Transpetrol AS oil pipeline company to the Russian company Yukos, then headed by Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
In 2004, Dzurilla rejoined his former co-clerk Stuart H. Singer, who offered him a position with Boies Schiller & Flexner in Fort Lauderdale. Since returning to the United States, Dzurilla has focused on complex litigation and arbitration. He has represented clients such as NASCAR and Florida Power & Light, and he is involved in class-action litigation against Quixtar.
Dzurilla married Daria Mariani in 2000 in Slovakia. They have two children, William (Billy) and Pavel (Paul).

</doc>
<doc id="19111389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111389" title="Norman Matthews">
Norman Matthews

Norman Gregory Matthews (12 February 1904 – 6 August 1964) was a Welsh clergyman and broadcaster.
Early life.
Matthews was born in Swansea and educated at Swansea Grammar School before matriculating at Jesus College, Oxford, where he held a Meyricke exhibition. He graduated with a second-class Bachelor of Arts degree in Theology in 1926 (obtaining his MA in 1930). 
Career.
After studying at St Stephen's House, Oxford, he was ordained deacon in 1927 and priest in 1928. He was curate of St Dyfrig, Cardiff from 1927 to 1935 before becoming the first Warden of St Teilo's Hall of Residence at the University College of South Wales, Cardiff, also serving as Llandaff Diocesan Missioner from 1936 to 1940. 
In 1940, he became vicar of St Saviour's, Roath, Cardiff (combining this with the post of chaplain to HM Prison Cardiff from 1940 to 1945) and in 1953 became rector of St. Fagans. He was also appointed as a canon of Llandaff Cathedral in 1946, and became Chancellor in 1952. 
He died at St. Fagans on 6 August 1964 and was buried in the graveyard of the cathedral.
Other work.
In addition to his parish work, he lectured on English literature, made frequent broadcasts (including being a member of the BBC show "The Brains Trust"), wrote extensively and served on the Liturgical Commission of the Church in Wales and the Central Committee for the Training of Ordinands.

</doc>
<doc id="19111418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111418" title="Arlabecca">
Arlabecca

The arlabecca () was a genre of Old Occitan lyric poetry. First mentioned in an "ensenhamen" by Peire Lunel, the genre was supposed by François Raynouard to be a lament or dirge, and Emil Levy thought it a "kind of poetry". It may derive from the Galician-Portuguese term for a rebec, "arrabecca". The term "rebec" (plural "rebecz") can be found in Old Occitan references to both an instrument and a genre (as in the "Leys d'amors", where it is undefined). Possibly the "rebec" is the same genre as the "arlabecca". Lunel defined his "arlabecca" by its metre, and thus his "ensenhamen" was an "arlabecca" as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19111438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111438" title="Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission">
Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission

The Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission (AOGCC) is a quasi-judicial agency in the U.S. state of Alaska, within Alaska's Department of Administration. It was originally established in 1955, was subsequently abolished, but was eventually reestablished. This Commission is responsible for overseeing oil and gas drilling and production, reservoir depletion, and certain other operations on private and state-owned lands in Alaska.
History.
A territorial statute created the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission in 1955, before Alaska became a state in 1959. At that time, the Commission comprised the Territorial Governor, Commissioner of Mines, and Highway Engineer. Rules and regulations for the Commission's activities took effect in 1958.
In 1959, the Oil and Gas Conservation Commission was temporarily abolished, and its duties were transferred to the Alaska Department of Natural Resources. In 1968, the Division of Oil and Gas was formed within the Department of Natural Resources. In 1976, the word "conservation" was added back to the division's title, and it became the Division of Oil and Gas Conservation.
In 1977, with oil production occurring in Prudhoe Bay, the Alaska Legislature decided that an independent quasi-judicial agency should be created in the executive branch of the state. The present independent agency was at first located within the Department of Natural Resources, but in 1980 was transferred to the Department of Commerce and Economic Development. In 1994, it was transferred to the Department of Administration.
Structure.
The structure of the membership has changed throughout the years, though it has consistently been a three-person Commission.
Under the current structure, adopted in 1979, one member must be a registered petroleum engineer, one member must be a registered geologist, and one member must represent the public at large (i.e., a citizen in neither of the two categories listed above).
Mission.
The Commission is tasked to work in-hand with the oil industry to maximize production, administer correlative rights, and improve resource recovery. It also administers an underground injection program for enhanced oil recovery and underground disposal of oil field waste, as authorized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. As part of this injection process, oil corporations must obtain an Aquifer Exemption Order granted by the AOGCC in areas with deep groundwater supplies. Some environmental groups such as the Cook Inletkeeper as well as First Nation People have contested these Orders, fearing they may contaminate groundwater supplies. The Commission also holds oversight of wastewater disposal known as "wastewater drain fields"; as such, oil corporations are permitted to dispose of wastewater in the soil when certain requirements are met, and reject Orders when not met. Additionally, the Commission adjudicates certain oil and gas disputes between owners, including disputes where the state is a party. It is designed to cooperate with industry, while still meeting its regulatory requirements. The Commission's website lists their primary mission is "to protect the public interest in exploration and development of oil and gas resources, while ensuring conservation practices, enhancing resource recovery, and protecting the health, safety, environment, and property rights of Alaskans." Though the Cook Inletkeeper website notes of toxic waste are disposed of in the Cook Inlet waterway every year by oil corporations 

</doc>
<doc id="19111439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111439" title="Foll">
Foll

Foll may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19111440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111440" title="Giorgi Eristavi">
Giorgi Eristavi

Giorgi Eristavi () (1813 – September 9, 1864) was a Georgian playwright, poet, journalist, and the founder of modern Georgian theatre. 
Prince Giorgi Eristavi was born in the village of Odzisi (near Dusheti) of a prominent noble family, who had once served as the eristavi ("duke") of Ksani for the kings of Georgia. He received his early education in Tiflis and Moscow. On return to Georgia, he became involved with the underground society which plotted a coup against the Imperial Russian rule. He had his first poem published in 1832. This was "An Ossetic Tale" (ოსური მოთხრობა; revised and republished as "Zare and Qanimat", ზარე და ყანიმათ, in 1853), a story of ill-fated lovers set against the background of the struggle of Georgian and Ossetian mountaineers against the Persian armies of Shah Abbas I in the 17th century.
After the collapse of the anti-Russian plot in 1832, Eristavi spent a year in prison and four years as an exiled infantryman in Wilno (now Vilnius, Lithuania), where he mastered Polish and came under the influence of Adam Mickiewicz's Romanticism. In 1842, he was able to permanently return to Georgia where he married and joined the Russian civil service soon to become assistant to the Viceroy of the Caucasus Mikhail Vorontsov. Under the patronage of this liberal viceroy, Eristavi took charge of the Georgian theatre in Tiflis, dormant since 1795.
The company premiered on January 1, 1851 and was later able to stage its performances in the new theatre building in the city’s central square. He almost single-handedly created and directed a troupe and wrote first actable comedies – original as well as translated – in which he himself took leading parts. He also created and edited the 24 issues of the literary journal "Tsiskari" ("Down") and, under the pseudonym Glukharich (Russian for "son of the deaf, or capercaillie"), wrote the first literary reviews. In spite of Eristavi’s loyal service in the Russian administration, the imperial government as well as the eroding system of Georgian aristocracy was a frequent subject of indignation and satire in his best plays such as "The Lawsuit" (დავა; 1840), and "The Family Settlement" (გაყრა; 1849). Eristavi boldly attacks a degenerating Georgian noble, who has lost all of his ideals and is full of envy and anger, exploiting his serfs; a corrupt Russian bureaucrat and an Armenian money-lender who exploit the feuding gentry; and treats the newer, Russian-educated generation of idealist liberals with condescending sympathy. These plays had a popular support and were tolerated by Vorontsov.
However, after Vorontsov's departure from Georgia in 1854, Eristavi was forced to resign. He retired to the village of Khidistavi near Gori. His protégé and successor, Ivane Kereselidze, was able to keep the company for only two years and, in 1856, the theatre went defunct. Apart from comedies, lyrics and journalism, Eristavi also wrote an account of his 1862 journey to London to inspect machinery. He died in Gori in 1864 and was buried at the Ikorta church.

</doc>
<doc id="19111441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111441" title="Behlol Pur, Okara">
Behlol Pur, Okara

Behlolpur (), is a town of Depalpur Tehsil in the Okara District of Punjab Province, Pakistan. The town is located at 30°42'0N 73°49'0E with an altitude of 174 metres (574 feet) and is part of the NA-145 constituency of the National Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19111460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111460" title="Merkury Vagin">
Merkury Vagin

Merkury Vagin (Russian: "Меркурий Вагин") (died 1712) was a Russian Arctic explorer.
In 1712, together with Yakov Permyakov, Merkury Vagin explored the region of the eastern Laptev Sea coast, including Bolshoy Lyakhovsky Island, the southernmost of the New Siberian Archipelago. With a group of Cossacks they crossed the Yana Bay over the ice from the mouth of the Yana; after reaching Bolshoy Lyakhovsky, they explored the then unknown island that had been reported by Permyakov two years earlier.
Vagin and Permyakov were murdered on the way back from their exploration by mutineering expedition members. The cossacks took the dead bodies down to the ice and set them on fire. No one knows what the rebellious cossacks did with the ashes, but Merkury Vagin's remains were never found.
Merkuriya Island was named after this pioneering Russian explorer.

</doc>
<doc id="19111468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111468" title="MV Iron Baron (1985)">
MV Iron Baron (1985)

MV "Iron Baron" (formerly MV "Ocean Express" and MV "Irrawaddy") was a 37,557 dwt bulk carrier built in 1985. It was chartered by BHP Shipping in 1990.
On 10 July 1995 it was nearing the end of a voyage transporting 24,000 tonnes of manganese ore from Groote Eylandt via Port Kembla to the port of Launceston in northern Tasmania, Australia. Weather conditions at the time were north-westerly 37–46 km/h (20–25 knot) winds and two-metre seas. It grounded on Hebe Reef as it approached the mouth of the Tamar River and began leaking bunker fuel oil. The crew was safely evacuated.
On 16 July the "Iron Baron" was refloated and moved to an offshore anchorage. Underwater inspections confirmed that it had incurred major structural damage and was continuing to deteriorate. With further bad weather predicted, it was decided by BHP to dump the ship. It was towed to an approved disposal site 85 km east of Flinders Island where it sank on 30 July.
Oil spill.
An estimated 300 tonnes of heavy bunker fuel oil was spilled from the vessel in the course of its grounding, refloating and towing to the disposal ground. Several beaches and islands in north-eastern Tasmania were affected and a major clean-up and wildlife rescue effort was undertaken. Little Penguins were especially badly affected, with an estimated 2000–6000 killed at Ninth Island alone. In 2005, a 10 year post-mortem reflection on the incident estimated penguin fatalities at 25,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19111483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111483" title="Passing of Peregrinus">
Passing of Peregrinus

The Passing of Peregrinus () () or The Death of Peregrinus is a satire by the Syrian Greek writer Lucian in which the lead character, the Cynic philosopher Peregrinus Proteus, takes advantage of the generosity of Christians and lives a disingenuous life before burning himself at the Olympic Games of 165 CE. The text is one of the few Classical texts that contain explicit references to Christians or Christianity.
Summary.
Lucian writes his account as a letter to Cronius the Pythagorean, a Platonist philosopher. He tells Cronius that Peregrinus has burned himself to death at the recent Olympics. The author assumes that Cronius will find this news greatly amusing and gratifying.
The narrative then shifts to Eis where Lucian, having just arrived, overhears Peregrinus’s follower Theagenes compare Peregrinus, or Proteus, to Heracles and even Zeus himself. Theagenes announces Peregrinus’s plan to kill himself through fire.
Following Theagenes's speech Lucian enters the story as a double character. This double admonishes the crowd and provides an account of Peregrinus’s life from his perspective. According to Lucian’s double, Peregrinus was caught in adultery in Armenia shortly after entering manhood, seduced a youth and bribed the child’s parents, and killed his own father.
According to Lucian’s double, Peregrinus exiled himself after this and wandered until he arrived in Palestine where he learned under the Christians. With the Christians, Peregrinus became an influential leader and author, and was “honored...as a god”.
During this period, Peregrinus was imprisoned for his Christianity and was cared for by Christians from throughout the province of Asia who regarded him according to Lucian as “the new Socrates”. Hoping to avoid making a martyr out of Peregrinus, according to Lucian, the governor of Syria released Peregrinus.
After returning home, Lucian writes that Peregrinus faced threats of prosecution over the death of his father and left his father’s land (30 talents according to Lucian, 5 thousand according to Theagenes) to the city of Parium to escape punishment. It is at this point that Peregrinus began to appear as a Cynic, or “with his hair now grown long, wearing a dirty cloak, a pouch at his side and a staff in his hand”.
After this Lucian claims that Peregrinus broke Christian dietary laws and was excommunicated from the church. Without their funding Lucian claims that Peregrinus attempted to reclaim his property from Parium, but lost his claim. Upon losing his case Peregrinus set out to Egypt where he trained as an ascetic and demonstrated his Cynic indifference to society by masturbating in a large crowd. Sailing to Rome, Peregrinus began to speak out in public against various officials including the Emperor, who ignored him, before being sent away by the city prefect.
Returning to Greece, he began speaking out again, this time against the Eleans, the Romans, and Herodes Atticus who had recently constructed an aqueduct. After nearly being stoned, Peregrinus fled to Zeus’s sanctuary and renounced his former opinions about the aqueduct.
At the following Olympics Peregrinus proclaimed his intention to burn himself to death at the following games. Lucian decries his methods, saying that while he intends on following Heracles he is more similar to the arsonist who burned the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus. Lucian then makes a prophecy about Peregrinus’s future followers and includes two prophecies: one from the Sybil, related by Theagenes which compares Peregrinus to Heracles, and a second from the oracle of Bacis which calls for his followers to follow him in killing themselves or face stoning. Lucian’s double ends his speech, and the crowd calls for Peregrinus’s death.
Switching back to the first person Lucian announces that Peregrinus arrived with his followers and delivered a speech comparing himself to Heracles before being applauded by “the more stupid of the people”. Announcing his cremation would take place in the evening at Harpina, Peregrinus poured incense on the pyre and shouted “Spirits of my mother and father, receive me favorably” before entering the flames.
Ending his letter Lucian again remarks that Cronius will find these events humorous as he himself did. He describes a false account of the death that he gave to several followers of Peregrinus in which the cremation was followed by an earthquake and a vulture emerging from the smoke. Lucian also mentions that in his past he shared a voyage from Troas with Peregrinus, who he found to be quite cowardly. Lucian claims that Peregrinus—sick with fever—feared death on the ship, saying, “But that way would bring less renown, being common to everyone”.
Lucian’s satirical purpose.
Lucian’s work can be faulted for its bias if it is read as a straightforward historical account of Peregrinus’s life and death. However, it is a work of satire, with several possible purposes. His presentation of facts is sometimes motivated by his intention to attack beliefs that he viewed as disingenuous, naïve, or superstitious. Several scholars have attempted to divine Lucian’s purpose in order to better judge the veracity of his account.
According to Mark Edwards, satire, “seeks, not truth, but the characteristic and the probable”. Along these lines, Lucian shows that Peregrinus, rather than being the consummate Cynic, was actually a fake, and that early Christianity was home to the most radically out-of-step Cynics at that time. Edwards argues that Lucian’s character Philosophy in "The Fugitives" makes a distinction between the admirable deaths of the Brahmins and the less honorable lives of the pretenders, led by Peregrinus, who only care for the appearance of these virtues in order to avoid work and accumulate wealth.
Another avenue for Lucian’s attack on Peregrinus, according to Stephen Benko, is the act of suicide, and how Peregrinus carries it out. Lucian mentions the example of the Brahmins, who killed themselves in a more honorable manner than Peregrinus who sought out attention. Benko claims that the manner of Peregrinus’s suicide seems to have been shaped in some part by the public martyrdom of early Christians like Polycarp.
Mark Edwards argues that Lucian also attacks the Christian claims of a strong moral code by having Peregrinus both break several of these laws (adultery, murder) and gain a high place in the church. Edwards claims that this is in response to Aristides’ argument against the divinity of Zeus. Aristides argues that “How then can a god be an adulterer, a pederast, and the murderer of his own father?” Lucian assigns all three roles to Peregrinus, and notes that he was honored “as a god” by the Christians. Edwards points out that the Christian apologists’ claims to philosophic strength is challenged by Lucian through the judgment of the governor of Syria. The governor has an interest in philosophy, but has no interest for the Christian Peregrinus and frees him in order to avoid making a martyr out of him.
C. P. Jones writes that Lucian uses the format of a letter to Cronius as a way to legitimize his opinion of Peregrinus, and set up a dichotomy in which his views represent the realm of reason, while the Cynics are fanatics. This can be seen in his frequent remarks that Cronius will have found his account incredibly amusing. Jones also argues that Theagenes’s comparison of Peregrinus to both Heracles and Zeus is meant to further discredit him amongst his followers. Finally, he argues that Lucian’s account of his own creation of legends involving Peregrinus’s death is meant to discredit his surviving followers. Jones writes that these same legends were currently being spread around the growing group of followers of Peregrinus, and so Lucian’s careless creation of them shows the foolishly high level of credulity among the followers.
Historical criticism.
Despite its being a satirical work, several modern critics criticize the veracity of Lucian’s account of Peregrinus’s life. In addition to the bias in his account, some critics argue that Lucian misses several key historical facts about the church that Peregrinus interacted with as well as major events that may have shaped his life.
Stephen Benko criticizes Lucian’s negative portrayal of Peregrinus as being the result of his own narrow opinion that belief in the supernatural was ridiculous. Disputing Lucian’s presentation of Christians as easily fooled simpletons, Benko notes that the Didache warns congregations about travelers who stayed more than two or three days without working. Benko also argues that Lucian’s views on Peregrinus’s attitude toward death may have been influenced by the general public opinion of Christian martyrs and their own attitudes toward death. Lucian’s take on the Christians’ attitudes towards death comes when he writes:
Gilbert Bagani argues that Lucian is wrong about the nature of the charges Peregrinus received as well as his eventual pardon. Bagani points out that Trajan’s orders to Pliny would not have allowed for the governor to simply pardon a self-professed Christian like Peregrinus who had had charges brought against him on the matter. Instead he proposes that the arrest was made as part of a larger crackdown following the Bar Kochba revolt, and was released when his jailers realized that he was not related to the insurrection. Bagani also argues that Peregrinus’s excommunication may have been based on his refusal to eat pork, rather than his eating sacrificial meat as has been supposed. He bases this on the hypothesis that the Christian sect was heavily Jewish in their origin before the revolt and Peregrinus’s imprisonment, but after the revolt it became more heavily Gentile and accepting of those who consumed pork. Peregrinus’s ties to the earlier congregation would have presented a difficulty in this manner.
C. P. Jones argues that Lucian changed the order of Peregrinus’s gift of land to Parium and his excommunication for satirical purposes. By stating that Peregrinus only gave up his land because he was under the expectation that he could live off of the kindness of other Christians, and then backtracked on the gift when this possibility was taken away, Lucian undermines Peregrinus’s claim to have given up his possessions for a more high-minded purpose.
Relationship between Cynics and Christians.
Three Christian writers wrote about Peregrinus after his death.
Tertullian remarks that while Peregrinus had died a pagan, his willingness to suffer was an example to Christians.
Tatian, a Greek apologist, is heavily critical of Peregrinus and other Cynics. He writes:
“They say they want nothing, yet like Proteus, they need a currier for their wallet, and a weaver for their mantle, and a woodcutter for their staff, and the rich, and a cook also for their gluttony.”
Tatian describes a state of war between Cynics, in whose lot he includes Peregrinus, and Christians. In fact Crescens, who had brought charges against the apologist Justin Martyr, was a Cynic.
Athenagoras mocks Peregrinus’s death as well as the attention it received and insinuates that he should not be considered a martyr. He also describes a statue of Peregrinus built in Greece that supposedly has oracular powers. He argues that these powers must not come from Peregrinus.
Stephen Benko argues that Peregrinus and other Cynics presented an image of ascetecism that was ultimately incorporated into Christian monasticism. Cynics were supposed to live with few possessions, have little worldly ambition, and were forced to endure severe training or “Askesis.” Benko compares this training to that undergone by monks in the Egyptian desert.
Other contemporary texts that mention Peregrinus.
Three other close contemporaries of Peregrinus mention him in existent literature.
Aulus Gellius in "Noctes Atticae" describes Peregrinus as a “serious and disciplined man”. He also attributes to Peregrinus the idea that philosophers never do wrong even though they do not fear detection by men or the gods, while less righteous men need the deterrent of detection by one or the other to avoid sinning.
Philostratus the younger writes about Peregrinus in connection with Herodes, the builder of the aqueduct in Elis. He calls Herodes calm for his measured response.
Philostraus the elder also mentions Peregrinus in connection with Herodes and his criticism.
Lucian also mentions Peregrinus in "The Fugitives", which he begins with a scene involving Zeus complaining about the bad smell of Peregrinus’s burning reaching him and the gods.

</doc>
<doc id="19111494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111494" title="Saint Phanourios">
Saint Phanourios

Phanourios the Great Martyr & Newly Appeared of Rhodes is recognized as a saint by the Greek Orthodox church.
Saint Phanourios was awarded the Martyr's Crown in the Orthodox Christian faith.
Angelos Akotantos from Crete has written a number of the Saint's icons many times depicting him killing a dragon; this tradition is found mainly in Crete especially in icons of the 15th century when the Saint is said to have saved many Cretans from certain death from the hands of the invading Ottomans.

</doc>
<doc id="19111495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111495" title="Behlol Pur">
Behlol Pur

Behlol Pur may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="19111499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111499" title="Agii">
Agii

Agii may be a transliteration of Greek 'Άγιοι', meaning 'Saints', and often translated as 'Holy'. It forms part of many place names and names of saints in Greek and related languages. See Agioi (disambiguation).
AGII may refer to :
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19111502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111502" title="Hot Choice">
Hot Choice

Hot Choice is a pay-per-view service that mainly airs softcore pornographic films. It is owned by In Demand Networks (under a joint venture between Comcast, Cox Communications, and Time Warner Cable) and can be seen through most cable television systems.
History.
Hot Choice was launched in 1988 as Viewer's Choice II; the channel retained the "Viewer's Choice" name until February 1993, when it was rebranded as "Hot Choice". The service had initially aired a diverse mix of comedy and action/adventure movies geared towards mainly teenagers and adults (essentially, feature films with an MPAA rating of "PG-13" or higher) that were carried over from its sister network Viewer's Choice/In Demand; and adult-oriented programming at night.
In late 1999, Hot Choice began leaning towards more "R"-rated films; more adult programming began being distributed throughout its daily schedule until 2000 when Hot Choice adopted a mostly adult programming format. Some of the cable systems moved this channel to their digital cable tiers or removed it from their listings altogether. In September 2001, Hot Choice had changed their format to featuring only softcore adult programming.

</doc>
<doc id="19111503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111503" title="Foreign Language Area Studies">
Foreign Language Area Studies

The Foreign Language and Area Studies (FLAS) fellowships are federally funded academic scholarships designed to provide support and funding to graduate and undergraduate students studying the languages and cultures of specific foreign countries, in particular those in the strategic interest of the United States. 
Prior to the 1970s, the fellowships were called National Defence Foreign Language Fellowships. American universities are allotted funds from the federal government, and then the individual schools hold their own competitions to determine the recipients for both summer and year-long grants. FLAS fellowships cover tuition, school fees, medical insurance, and provide an additional living stipend. The stipends for 2009-2010 were $15,000 for an academic-year award and $2,500 for summer. Eligibility for year-long grants is limited to graduate students who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents. Undergraduates may receive summer funding.
As part of the program, fellows are required to take one language class and another academic class in their FLAS area. A language evaluation is given at the beginning and end of the program. Additionally, fellows are expected to write a summary of their FLAS achievements at the end of the fellowship period.

</doc>
<doc id="19111507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111507" title="Ducati ST4s">
Ducati ST4s

The Ducati ST4s was a sport-touring motorcycle manufactured by Ducati between 2002 and 2005.
Design.
The ST4S was based on the earlier ST4, which used a detuned version of the Ducati 916 engine. Compared to the ST4, the ST4S had improved suspension and a larger engine, using the liquid-cooled Desmoquattro (four desmodromic valves) 90° V-twin engine based on the Ducati 996. The Desmoquattro was largely unchanged from the 996 Superbike, and retained a valve angle of 40°, but lost 4 mm of diameter on each of the intake throttle bodies (down from 54 mm on the 996). Chassis clearances also required the use of the more compact cylinder head design that was shared with the 748 Superbike and Monster S4. In spite of the smaller intakes, the ST4s actually made slightly more power and torque than the 996 Superbike due to the mostly straight-through design of the ST's exhaust, compared to the under-seat exhaust of the Superbike.
Otherwise it was a competent trellis framed sports tourer with a protective fairing, and standard colour matched luggage (luggage was optional on other ST series models). The ST came equipped with a center-stand, an accessory power outlet, and both the ST4s and ST3s could also be equipped with ABS from 2003.
In 2004, an upgrade to the ST line brought a slightly redesigned nose fairing and dashboard, adjustable ergonomics, a trip computer, four-way (hazard) flashers, digital speedometer, a dashboard-controlled adjustable headlight, a new seat design, Euro-2 catalytic exhaust (except USA - Euro-3 was achieved in the 2006 ST3), and a simplified CAN-bus wiring setup. The refinements reduced weight by due to the lighter wiring harness and simpler support structure for the nose of the bike.
The trip computer, which was fitted from 2004, could calculate the following:
Clutch.
In 2004 and 2005, Ducati added a wet clutch to many models, including the ST series in 2005. This reduced the force necessary to engage the clutch.
Specifications.
Engine
Transmission
Chassis and suspension
Wheels, brakes and tyres

</doc>
<doc id="19111523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111523" title="Ludwig Glauert">
Ludwig Glauert

Ludwig Glauert (5 May 1879 – 1 February 1963) was a British-born Australian paleontologist, herpetologist and museum curator. He is known for work on Pleistocene mammal fossils, and as a museum curator who played an important role in natural science of Western Australia.
Glauert was born in Ecclesall, Sheffield, England. His father was Johann Ernst Louis Henry Glauert, merchant and cutlery manufacturer, and his mother was Amanda, née Watkinson. He was educated in Sheffield at Sheffield Royal Grammar School, at Firth University College and the Technical School, studying geology, becoming a Fellow of the Geological Society of London in 1900.
In 1908 he and his wife migrated to Perth, Western Australia, where he joined the Geological Survey there as a paleontologist, working to arrange the collections of the Western Australian Museum. In 1910 he became part of the permanent staff of the museum and in 1914 was promoted to Keeper of Geology and Ethnology. From 1909 to 1915 he carried out fieldwork at the Margaret River caves, finding fossils of several species of extinct monotremes and marsupials in the Pleistocene limestone there.
Glauert died in Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="19111533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111533" title="Hachidai Nakamura">
Hachidai Nakamura

Biography.
Hachidai Nakamura was born in Qingdao, China to Japanese parents. He moved to Fukuoka at a young age, where he attended high school, and eventually graduated from Waseda University in Tokyo with a degree in literature. Nakamura extensively played piano during his high school days, where he was invited to perform with local dance band "Yasuhiko Taniguchi and Premier Swing", and "The Red Hat Boys", a student jazz combo.
After Nakamura entered Waseda University, he formed a jazz band named "Big Four" along with Hidehiko Matsumoto, Joji "George" Kawaguchi, Mitsuru Ono in 1953, but the band was soon disbanded. As a composer, Nakamura later wrote many songs for various Japanese singers such as Kyu Sakamoto, enka singer Saburō Kitajima and Johnny & Associates' first group Johnnys. He worked closely with lyricist Rokusuke Ei and many of his songs were popularized by singer Kyu Sakamoto. He wrote the music of the popular Japanese song "Ue o muite arukō," released in 1961 in Japan. The song was released in the United States under the name "Sukiyaki" in 1963, peaking at the number-one position on the "Billboard" Hot 100. He and Ei also worked on the productions of Johnnys' 1964 debut single "Wakai Namida" and Saburō Kitajima's 1965 single "Kaerokana."

</doc>
<doc id="19111554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111554" title="Hermann Hauser, Sr.">
Hermann Hauser, Sr.

Hermann Hauser Senior (1882–1952) is one of the most important guitar makers, or luthiers, in history. He apprenticed in his father Josef Hauser’s studio and ultimately came to run it. The Hauser enterprise produced not only guitars, but zithers, lutes and other stringed instruments. Guitar models included the Vienna, the Munich, the Terz, Prim and Quintbass. Hauser introduced many innovations in top and body construction and his guitars are prized today for their clear, loud and rich sound and great sustain. Andrés Segovia and numerous other maestros have played guitars made by Hermann Hauser (or Hauser I or Hauser Sr. guitars, as they are called).
Hauser’s son, Hermann Hauser II (1911-1988) and grandson, Hermann Hauser III (born in 1958) have continued the master luthier’s tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="19111559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111559" title="Peter Maurice (priest)">
Peter Maurice (priest)

Peter Maurice (29 June 1803 – 30 March 1878) was a Welsh priest and writer.
Maurice was the second son of Hugh Maurice, a transcriber of Welsh manuscripts. He was born at Plas Gwyn, Llanrug, north Wales. He matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford in 1822, obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1826, a Master of Arts degree in 1829, a Bachelor of Divinity degree in 1837 and a Doctor of Divinity degree in 1840. He was ordained deacon in January 1827 and priest in October the same year. He was curate of Llanbedr and Caerhun, later becoming chaplain of New College, Oxford (1828–1858) and of All Souls College, Oxford (1837–1858). From 1858 until his death on 30 March 1878, he was vicar of Yarnton, Oxfordshire. He wrote on church music, composing hymns in addition, and wrote pamphlets against Popery.

</doc>
<doc id="19111568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111568" title="10.5 cm Gebirgshaubitze 40">
10.5 cm Gebirgshaubitze 40

The 10.5 cm Gebirgshaubitze 40 (10.5 cm GebH 40) was a German mountain howitzer used during World War II. A total of 420 were built during World War II. It saw action with German mountain divisions in Finland, Italy, France, on the Eastern Front and in the Balkans from 1942. It has the distinction of being the heaviest mountain howitzer ever built. It served with a number of European countries into the 1960s.
Development and description.
The "10.5 cm GebH 40" was designed to meet an Army requirement for a 10.5 cm howitzer to serve in the mountain divisions ("Gebirgs Divisionen"). Both Rheinmetall and Böhler submitted designs for troop trials in 1940 and Böhler was selected for production, although actual production did not begin until 1942. Some 420 were built between 1942–45.
The design of the "10.5 cm GebH 40" was relatively conventional in regard to the gun itself, with its standard German horizontal sliding block breech, split trail carriage with removable spades, and muzzle brake, but its carriage was truly innovative. First, the light-alloy wheels with solid rubber tires, and their spring suspension, were fixed to the legs of the split-trail carriage and would "toe-in" when the legs were spread out in preparation for firing. Second, a firing pedestal was positioned underneath the front of the carriage so that the howitzer had three points of support when firing and to minimize the time needed to find a firing position by reducing the amount of level space required (three level spots being easier to find than four). Third, it could be towed fully assembled, broken down into four loads on single-axle trailers towed by Sd.Kfz. 2 "Kettenkrad" half-track motorcycles or broken down into five pack-loads to be carried by mules. It remains the heaviest mountain howitzer ever made at , but it has been assessed as one of the best mountain guns ever made and it remained in service until the 1960s with various European countries.
Two different range figures have been quoted for the "10.5 cm GebH 40", and . The former figure seems more plausible when compared to 10.5 cm howitzers with roughly similar barrel lengths and muzzle velocities like the 10.5 cm leFH 18 and the American M-2.
Ammunition.
The "10.5 cm GebH 40" fired a wide variety of ammunition, with the notable exception of a conventional armor-piercing shell. It used instead the standard three types of 10.5 cm hollow-charge armor-piercing shells developed over the course of the war and shared its illumination shell with the "10.5 cm leFH 18". However it used unique high-explosive and smoke shells. It used six increments of propellant which were added together to reach the desired range. A seventh charge could be used which replaced all the other charges for targets at the limit of the howitzer's range.

</doc>
<doc id="19111575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111575" title="List of career achievements by Kobe Bryant">
List of career achievements by Kobe Bryant

Kobe Bryant is an American shooting guard who plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Bryant is the only son of former Philadelphia 76ers player and former Los Angeles Sparks head coach Joe "Jellybean" Bryant. Selected 13th overall by the Charlotte Hornets in the 1996 NBA Draft, Bryant was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers for Vlade Divac a month later. He and then-teammate Shaquille O'Neal led the Lakers to three consecutive NBA championships from 2000 to 2002. After O'Neal was traded to the Miami Heat following the 2003–04 season, Bryant became the cornerstone of the Lakers franchise. He led the NBA in scoring during the and seasons. In 2006, Bryant scored a career-high 81 points against the Toronto Raptors, the second-highest number of points scored in a game in NBA history, behind only Wilt Chamberlain's 100 point performance. Bryant was awarded the regular season's Most Valuable Player Award (MVP) in the 2007–08 season and led his team to the 2008 NBA Finals as the first seed in the Western Conference. In the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal as a member of the U.S. men's basketball team, occasionally referred to as "The Redeem Team". He led the Lakers to two more championships in 2009 and 2010, winning the Finals MVP award on both occasions.
Bryant currently ranks third and fourth on the league's all-time post-season scoring and all-time regular season scoring lists, respectively. He has been selected to 14 All-NBA Team (ten times to the All-NBA First Team) and 12 All-Defensive Team (nine times to the All-Defensive First Team). He was selected to play in the NBA All-Star Game on 14 occasions, winning All-Star MVP Awards in 2002, 2007, 2009 and 2011 (he shared the 2009 award with Shaquille O'Neal). He also won the NBA Slam Dunk Contest in 1997. As of April 2012, he has had 5 sixty-point games, 25 fifty-point games, and 112 forty-point games.
NBA career statistics.
"Statistics are correct through the end of the ."
NBA records.
Currently holds.
Bryant holds or shares numerous NBA records:
Los Angeles Lakers franchise records.
Bryant holds or shares numerous Lakers franchise records:

</doc>
<doc id="19111582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111582" title="Leena Lander">
Leena Lander

Leena Lander (born 25 October 1955 in Turku) is a Finnish author. She grew up in Turku in a boys' home her father ran. In 1992 she won the Thanks for the Book Award for "Tummien perhosten koti" (The Home of the Dark Butterflies), which was made into a successful Finnish film in 2008. Her work is known for its concern with the treatment of children and tensions involving authority and conscience. She also won the Pro Finlandia medal of the Order of the Lion of Finland in 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="19111591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111591" title="Robert F. Maronde">
Robert F. Maronde

http://www.latimes.com/news/science/la-me-maronde30-2008aug30,0,5216442.story
Robert Francis Maronde, MD, (January 13, 1920 - August 13, 2008) was a Professor at the University of Southern California Medical School. He had many notable accomplishments, including the creation of an artificial kidney, and the creation of the first computerized pharmacy system.
Birth.
The son of a physician father, Maronde was born in Monterey Park, California on Jan. 13, 1920.
Artificial Kidney.
In 1949, in collaboration with Dr. Helen Martin, Maronde implemented a hemodialysis program for acute renal failure at what is now Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center. With their creation of an artificial kidney—it used a stainless-steel beer keg as a reservoir—they were at the forefront of medical innovation.
Education.
He graduated from South Pasadena High School in 1937, received his bachelor's degree from USC in 1941 and earned his medical degree from the USC School of Medicine in 1944. He was a ship's doctor while on active duty in the Naval Reserve in 1946-47.
Computerized Prescription Drug System.
And in the late '60s, Maronde developed one of the first—if not the first—computerized prescription drug systems, which was launched in the outpatient pharmacy at County-USC. 
"Now, of course, all pharmacists use the computer, but in those days nobody did, at least in this area," said Dr. Peter Lee, one of Maronde's colleagues in developing the system. "Here's a doctor who got well enough acquainted with the computer in those days and really led the way."
Family.
He is survived by his wife, Yolanda, and his children, Robert, Donna Varnau, James, and Craig. He is also survived by seven grandchildren, Chris, Daniel, Kian, and Ariana Maronde, Greg and Heather Varnau, and Rauz Eshraghi; and a great-grandson, Henry.

</doc>
<doc id="19111596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111596" title="Pterostylis nutans">
Pterostylis nutans

Pterostylis nutans, commonly known as the Nodding Greenhood or the Parrot's Beak Orchid, is an orchid species native to Australia and New Zealand.
This species has a basal rosette of three to six leaves and produces a single green, hooded flower on a 30 cm stalk between July and October.
Distribution and habitat.
The species often occurs in large colonies in moist, protected forest environments and is native to the Australian states of South Australia, Tasmania, Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland as well as the Australian Capital Territory. It is thought to be extinct in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19111602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111602" title="Bruce Vaughan">
Bruce Vaughan

Bruce Lloyd Vaughan (born September 10, 1956) is an American professional golfer.
Vaughan was born in Kankakee, Illinois. He didn't start playing golf until he was 20 and working as a firefighter in Hutchinson, Kansas.
Vaughan turned professional in 1990. He played on the Nationwide Tour from 1992 to 1994, winning twice in 1994. He finished sixth on the money list in 1994 earning him his PGA Tour card for 1995. He struggled on the PGA Tour in 1995, making only 15 cuts in 30 events. He finished 173rd on the money list and lost his card. He played the Nationwide Tour again from 1996 to 1998. He also played the South African Tour for several seasons, winning the Autopage Mount Edgecombe Trophy in 1994 and finishing second on the 1993/94 Order of Merit.
After turning 50, Vaughan qualified for the 2007 Champions Tour by finishing T3 in the qualifying school. He won his first Champions Tour event in 2008 at the Senior British Open, a senior major.
Vaughan resides in Hutchinson, Kansas.
Results in major championships.
"Note: Vaughan never played in the Masters Tournament nor the PGA Championship."<br>
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the halfway cut<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Champions Tour major championships.
Results timeline.
"Results not in chronological order before 2012."
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the halfway cut<br>
"T" indicates a tie for a place<br>
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="19111605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111605" title="1% rule (Internet culture)">
1% rule (Internet culture)

In Internet culture, the 1% rule is a rule of thumb pertaining to participation in an internet community, stating that only 1% of the users of a website actively create new content, while the other 99% of the participants only lurk.
A variant is the "90–9–1 principle" (sometimes also presented as the 89:10:1 ratio), which states that in a collaborative website such as a wiki, 90% of the participants of a community only view content, 9% of the participants edit content, and 1% of the participants actively create new content.
Both can be compared with the similar rules known to information science, such as the 80/20 rule known as the Pareto principle, that 20 percent of a group will produce 80 percent of the activity, however the activity may be defined.
Definition.
The 1% rule states that the number of people who create content on the Internet represents approximately 1% (or less) of the people actually viewing that content. For example, for every person who posts on a forum, generally about 99 other people are viewing that forum but not posting. The term was coined by authors and bloggers Ben McConnell and Jackie Huba, although earlier references to the same concept did not use this name.
The terms "lurk" and "lurking", in reference to online activity, are used to refer to online observation without engaging others in the community, and were first used by veteran print journalist, P Tomi Austin, circa 1990, when her presence was noticed by other users in chat rooms, who queried her reasons for not engaging in chat. There were repeated inquiries about her identity and her refusal to engage in chat. The etiquette was, apparently, to greet other users upon entry into the chat rooms/sites. At the time, (then in her 30s, surfing among users averaging in their teens and 20s) she was only identified as "Bilbo", she explained that she was a mature, but computer-literate, user and novice to chat, and preferred to "lurk", or was "lurking" to familiarize herself with the chat culture, etiquette, and the sites to which she had logged on. In some instances, she needed to explain her coinage of the term "lurking", as the term was new to the online community, but others quickly understood her meaning. To her knowledge, the terms had not been used prior to that period, and there appears to be no earlier dated reference to the coinage. There appears to be no attribution to the coinage that pre-dates the early 1990s.
For example, a large 2005 study of radical Jihadist forums by Akil N Awan found 87% of users had never posted on the forums, 13% had posted at least once, 5% had posted 50 or more times, and only 1% had posted 500 or more times.
The "90–9–1" version of this rule states that for websites where users can both create and edit content, 1% of people create content, 9% edit or modify that content, and 90% view the content without contributing.
A 2014 study published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research by Trevor van Mierlo found that 1% rule was consistent across four separate digital health social networks (support groups for problem drinking, depression, panic disorder, and smoking cessation). During the study period 63,990 users created 578,349 posts, but less than 25% of users made one or more posts. The applicability of the 1% rule was confirmed as Lurkers (90% of users), Contributors (9% of users), and Superusers (the 1%) accounted for a weighted average of 1.3% (n=4668), 24.0% (n=88,732), and 74.7% (n=276,034) of all content.
The actual percentage is likely to vary depending upon the subject matter. For example, if a forum requires content submissions as a condition of entry, the percentage of people who participate will probably be significantly higher than one percent, but the content producers will still be a minority of users. This is validated in a study conducted by Michael Wu, who uses economics techniques to analyze the participation inequality across hundreds of communities segmented by industry, audience type, and community focus.
The 1% rule is often misunderstood to apply to the Internet in general, but it applies more specifically to any given Internet community. It is for this reason that one can see evidence for the 1% principle on many websites, but aggregated together one can see a different distribution. This latter distribution is still unknown and likely to shift, but various researchers and pundits have speculated on how to characterize the sum total of participation. Holly Goodier, in conjunction with the BBC presented research in late 2012 suggesting that only 23 percent of the population (rather than 90 percent) could properly be classified as lurkers, while 17% of the population could be classified as intense contributors of content. Several years prior, communication scholars Eszter Hargittai and Gina Walejko reported on a sample of students from Chicago where 60 percent of the sample created content in some form.
Participation inequality.
A similar concept was introduced by Will Hill of AT&T Laboratories and later cited by Jakob Nielsen; this was the earliest known reference to the term "participation inequality" in an online context. The term regained public attention in 2006 when it was used in a strictly quantitative context within a blog entry on the topic of marketing.

</doc>
<doc id="19111618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111618" title="Angel Cejudo">
Angel Cejudo

Angel Cejudo is a freestyle wrestler who won the Dave Schultz Memorial International freestyle wrestling tournament in the 132-pound weight class on Tuesday, February 5, 2008.
Later that same year he trained with brother Henry Cejudo in Colorado Springs, who himself won an Olympic gold-medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Wrestling career.
Angel Cejudo went 150-0 for Phoenix Maryvale High School on the way to four 5A state titles. In 2005 he turned down a scholarship at Arizona State University to work out at the Olympic Training Center full-time.
Angel Cejudo and his brother Henry earned spots on the 2005 FILA Junior Freestyle World Team. 
At 60 kg/132 lbs., Angel Cejudo (Colorado Springs, Colo./Sunkist Kids) beat Drew Headlee (Waynesburg, Pa./Pitt WC). In bout one, Angel Cejudo defeated Drew Headlee of Waynesburg, PA by pin in 1:58. In the second bout, Angel Cejudo defeated Drew Headlee by dec. 3-0, 1-0. Angel Cejudo won the series, two matches to none. Angel Cejudo is a U.S. Olympic Training Center resident athlete.
On November 20, 2005 and again wrestling at 60 kg, Angel Cejudo (Sunkist) won 3rd place by defeating by dec. Jason Wichinski (Cabbagetown), 2-0, 4-0.
In 2006 he was ranked ninth in the U.S. Senior freestyle ranking by themat.com at the 60 kg weight class.
In 2007 he failed to qualify for the 2007 US World Team Trials in freestyle wrestling.
In 2008 he won the Dave Schultz Memorial International in the 60 kg weight class.
In 2008 Angel Cejudo entered the U.S. Olympic trials seeded ninth after not placing in the 2008 U.S. Nationals competing for the 60 kg (132 pounds) weight class. Cejudo went 1-2 at the trials in Las Vegas, eliminated by Nate Gallick from Tucson Sunnyside who finished third. The US team did not do well enough in the 60 kg qualifying tournaments to earn a wildcard into the Competition from FILA, the governing board of international wrestling.
Personal life.
Angel Cejudo states that his wrestling improved on his way to winning the Dave Schultz Memorial International in the 60 kg weight class after his mother moved to Colorado to be with him and his brother.
Angel Cejudo continued wrestling at the Riches Wrestling Complex to help his brother, Henry, prepare for the US Olympics. His brother Henry won the Beijing Olympic Gold medal in 2008 for the 55 kg weight class.
Angel Cejudo was in attendance with his sister Gloria and brother Alonzo. His mother was sick and unable to make it, for which he broke the explanation to the media that his mother gets nervous and throws up during the matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19111622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111622" title="Nikopol">
Nikopol

Nikopol (derived from Greek "Nicopolis" (Νικόπολις), "City of Victory") may refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="19111630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111630" title="List of nuclear whistleblowers">
List of nuclear whistleblowers

This is a list of nuclear whistleblowers. They are mainly former employees of nuclear facilities who have spoken out about safety concerns.

</doc>
<doc id="19111644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111644" title="Sakthibhadran">
Sakthibhadran

Sakthibhadran () was a Classical Sanskrit writer, who lived in ancient Kerala. He wrote "Ascharyachoodamani" (Devanāgarī: ), the first Sanskrit drama from South India. He may have been born in Kodumon a village in Adoor, Pathanamthitta, Kerala, between the 7th and 11th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="19111660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111660" title="Fenwick Travers">
Fenwick Travers

Fenwick "Fenny" Travers is a fictional character and antihero created by Raymond M. Saunders. The character was inspired by the character of Harry Paget Flashman in a series of historical novels written by George Macdonald Fraser, but the character of Travers did not become as successful as his British counterpart.
Overview.
The character Fenwick Travers was envisaged by Saunders as the American equivalent of Harry Paget Flashman, having been inspired by the novels written by Fraser during the 1970s onwards. Several Travers books were written during the 1990s, and despite some positive reviews from journalists, they failed to receive the fame of the Flashman novels.
The Travers novels.
Each book, like the Flashman novels, is set during a particular event in American history, and follows the actions of the antihero Travers during these events that lead to his becoming an iconic American hero. Below is the name of each book and the events that the book focuses on.
Differences between Flashman and Travers.
Although being inspired by the Flashman character, Travers differs from Flashman in several important aspects:

</doc>
<doc id="19111662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111662" title="Mark Morgenstern">
Mark Morgenstern

Mark Morgenstern is a Canadian director, cinematographer and editor from Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19111674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111674" title="You Make Me Feel Brand New">
You Make Me Feel Brand New

"You Make Me Feel Brand New" was a 1974 hit by the Philadelphia soul group The Stylistics. The song was written by Thom Bell and Linda Creed. 
An R&B ballad, it was the fifth track from their 1974 album, "Let's Put It All Together" and was released as a single and reached #2 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for 2 weeks. In addition, it climbed to #5 in the "Billboard" R&B chart. "You Make Me Feel Brand New" also reached number #2 in the UK Singles Chart in August 1974. The Stylistics' recording sold over one million copies globally, earning the band a gold disc The award was presented by the RIAA on May 22, 1974. It was the band's fifth gold disc. The track first appeared on the Stylistics' 1973 album, "Rockin' Roll Baby", in a longer five minute version. 
This song was also used in TV advertisements for Australian department store Myer in the late 1980s.
Cover versions.
"You Make Me Feel Brand New" has been extensively covered, in jazz and pop circles, including in 1986 by Babyface, in 2003 by Simply Red, and in 2004 by Boyz II Men.
Jazz guitarist Norman Brown covered the song in 1999.
Filipino R&B singer Jay R also covered the song from his 2008 album, "Soul In Love".
Jamaican reggae singer Jacob Miller of Inner Circle also covered the song within Augustus Pablo
Italian singer Mina covered the song on the album "Rane supreme", in 1987.
Rod Stewart with Mary J. Blige on the former's 2009 album "Soulbook".
The song was sampled in American rapper Yung Joc's song "Brand New" which featured Snoop Dogg and Rick Ross.
The song was sampled by American producer Trebles and Blues in his song "The First Time" which was featured on his debut album The Blue Note.
On January 2014, South Korean rappers Verbal Jint, San E, Bumkey, Swings, Phantom and Kanto, all from the Brand New Music agency, released "You Make Me Feel Brand New (Brand New Year 2013)", which contains a sample of this song.

</doc>
<doc id="19111677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111677" title="Aldemir Martins">
Aldemir Martins

Aldemir Martins (born in Ceará on November 8, 1922; died in São Paulo on February 6, 2006) was a Brazilian artist. He is noted for paintings, drawings, and illustrations which depicted the flora and fauna of his native state.

</doc>
<doc id="19111685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111685" title="Rugby League European Bowl">
Rugby League European Bowl

The European Bowl is an international European rugby league football tournament organised by the Rugby League European Federation for fourth tier rugby league nations.
It was first contested in 2008, with the proposed participating teams being Estonia, Latvia and Ukraine.
2008.
The competition had a major setback with the Ukrainian team's visas not being passed in time for them to play a double header in Latvia. Therefore with just two matches being played, the tournament was won by Latvia. Combined score of 110 to 20
2009.
The competition took place again in 2009 with Ukraine joining Estonia and Latvia. The winners were Ukraine
2010.
There was due to be a single group of three teams containing Belgium, Malta and Norway. But Belgium withdrew leaving Malta and Norway to play a one off match.
On 4 June Malta came from 10–0 down mid way through the first half to defeat Norway, 30–20 to take the Rugby League European Federation Bowl at the Victor Tedesco Stadium, Hamrun.
2011.
The 2011 Bowl again comprised a single match. Czech Republic and Hungary (Magyar Bulls RLFC) both made their debuts in the Bowl competition.
2012.
The 2012 Bowl again comprised a single match. Czech Republic and Hungary (Magyar Bulls RLFC).
2013.
The competition this year there are 3 teams taking part with the Czech Republic being joined by Norway and the Ukraine. The winners were Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="19111728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111728" title="Dževad Poturak">
Dževad Poturak

Dževad Poturak (born September 20, 1977) is a retired Bosnian super heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of Sarajevo. He is former WKA European champion and K-1 Fighting Network Prague 2007 tournament champion.
Career.
Poturak first came to prominence when he defeated Siniša Puljak to win the WKA European Championship on December 21, 2003. He then made his K-1 debut at K-1 Grand Prix BIH 2004 in June 2004, losing to Josip Bodrozic. He did not return to the promotion until April 2006 when he took part in the eight-man tournament at K-1 Italy Oktagon 2006. He was defeated in the final by Sergei Gur after beating Ricardo van den Bos and Humberto Evora.
The following year, he took part in the Grand Prixs at K-1 European League 2007 Hungary and K-1 Fighting Network Turkey 2007 but was unable to win either. In his last event of the year, on December 15, 2007 at K-1 Fighting Network Prague 2007, he was finally able to win a tournament by defeating Daniel Jerling, Duško Basrak and Roman Kleibl. He returned to defend his crown the next year at K-1 Fighting Network Prague 2008 but was knocked out by Ashwin Balrak in the quarter-finals.
On May 21, 2011, he took part in the four-man tournament at SuperKombat World Grand Prix I in Romania. He lost to Sergei Lascenko at the first stage via knock out due to a knee to the body.
On July 30, 2011, Poturak faced Alain Ngalani for the IKA Super Heavyweight World Championship in Las Vegas, Nevada, US. In the first round, Poturak knocked Ngailani to the canvas and continued to punch him on the back of his head when he was down. Originally, Ngailani was announced as the winner via disqualification. However, the decision was later overturned by the Las Vegas Sports Committee and was ruled a no contest.
He next faced Sebastian Ciobanu at the "SuperKombat World Grand Prix 2012 IV" on October 20, 2012 in Arad, Romania, with a wild card spot for the "SuperKombat Final Elimination" up for grabs. He lost via unanimous decision
He lost a split decision to Ibrahim Aarab on November 10, 2012 in Craiova, Romania in a non-tournament bout at the "SuperKombat World Grand Prix 2012 Final Elimination".
He rematched Sergei Lascenko in the reserve bout for the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2012 Final" in Zagreb, Croatia on March 15, 2013 and won via unanimous decision. He was then entered into the semi-finals of the competition against Ismael Londt after Badr Hari withdrew with a broken foot. He retired in round two after having his rib broken from a knee.
He lost to Igor Jurković by unanimous decision at "Final Fight Championship 6" in Poreč, Croatia on June 14, 2013. Poturak announced his retirement just four days later, stating that he will have one last fight against Stefan Leko at "Final Fight Championships 7" in his home town of Sarajevo on September 6, 2013.
On December 8, 2013 Dževad organised another tournament in his nativ Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina called No limit K-1 rules, and he announced that this will be his last fight. He fought Mamoudou Keta in an exhibition bout. At the end of first round Dževad took off his gloves and retired from the sport, fight was declared No Contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19111734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111734" title="Raw Deluxe (album)">
Raw Deluxe (album)

Raw Deluxe is the fourth album by the Jungle Brothers, released on June 3, 1997 (see 1997 in music), on Gee Street Records. The group signed a new contract with the label when it was dropped by its previous label because of the extremely poor performance of its last two albums. Originally set to be distributed through Island/PolyGram Records, with which Gee Street had a distribution deal—and a catalog number had been issued—this became the first Gee Street title to be distributed by V2/BMG after the label’s purchase by Richard Branson for his new label empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19111748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111748" title="Leon Gast">
Leon Gast

Leon Gast is an American documentary film director, producer, cinematographer, and editor. His documentary "When We Were Kings" depicting the iconic heavyweight boxing match termed The Rumble in the Jungle between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman won the 1996 Academy Award for Documentary Feature and the Independent Spirit Award. Gast co-directed the 1977 documentary "The Grateful Dead Movie" with guitarist Jerry Garcia. The film captured the band's October 1974 five-night performance at the Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco. Gast also co-directed the 1983 film "Hell's Angels Forever".
A native of Jersey City, New Jersey, Gast studied dramatic arts at Columbia University, and in that same period worked the television series High Adventure with writer and broadcaster Lowell Thomas. Gast is also known for his still photography which has appeared in such magazines as "Vogue", "Esquire", and "Harper's Bazaar".
Gast's most recently completed project is a documentary entitled "Smash His Camera", a film about paparazzi photographer Ron Galella. The film won "Best Director" of a documentary at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival.
For his next project, Gast is working on his second documentary on a boxing legend. It will focus on the current number one pound-for-pound best boxer in the world, Manny Pacquiao, detailing his rise from poverty to the very top of the boxing world and now congressman in the Philippines.
In 2012, Gast was honored with a lifetime achievement award at the inaugural Golden Door Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19111751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111751" title="1972–73 Vancouver Canucks season">
1972–73 Vancouver Canucks season

The 1972–73 Vancouver Canucks season was the team's 3rd in the NHL. Vancouver finished 7th in the East Division for the second consecutive season, failing to reach the playoffs again.
Draft picks.
Vancouver's picks at the 1972 NHL Amateur Draft. The draft was held at the Queen Elizabeth Hotel in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19111759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111759" title="Battle of Elands River (1901)">
Battle of Elands River (1901)

In the Battle of Elands River, after the Elands River Poort, on 17 September 1901 during the Second Boer War, a Boer raiding force under Jan Smuts destroyed a British cavalry company led by Captain Sandeman, a cousin of Winston Churchill, on the Modderfontein farm. This battle is therefore also known as the Battle of Modderfontein.
Background.
After a year of guerrilla war, the Boer leaders decided to send significant raiding forces into the Cape Colony and Natal. About 1000 Boers in six commandos already operated in the Cape Colony. The Boer leaders hoped to cause an uprising in that Dutch-majority territory or at least to widen the theater of war beyond the Boer republics of Orange Free State and South African Republic. Smuts led a commando south into the Cape Colony, while Louis Botha attempted to cross into Natal.
Earlier Boer raids into the Cape Colony proved unsuccessful. All had been eventually hounded out by British mounted columns and had suffered painful losses. Smuts believed he could do better.
The raid.
During the trek south to the Orange River, Smuts' commando lost 36 men. He finally crossed at Kiba Drift on 3 September. Major General Fitzroy Hart's British force had been guarding the ford, but General Herbert Kitchener mistakenly sent them away on another mission. The Basotho attacked the Boers on 4 September near Wittenberg Mission, killing three and wounding seven with spears and ancient guns before being driven off with serious losses. On 7 September, Smuts went on a scout near Mordenaar's Poort (Murderer's Gorge), near Dordrecht, when they were ambushed. All three of his companions were shot by the British and Smuts barely escaped.
The cold spring rains tormented both men and horses as British pursuing columns under the overall command of Major General Sir John French closed in on Smuts' raiders. On 13 September, the Boers were cornered atop Stormberg Mountain () and escaped only when a friendly guide in the form of Hans Kleynhans appeared and led them down a precipitous route to safety. The night of 15 September nearly finished the raiders as freezing rain killed over 60 ponies and fourteen men went missing. In front of the Boers, every mountain pass was reportedly held by the British.
Battle.
On 17 September, as Smuts' commando threaded through a gorge that opened out into the Elands River valley, a 17-year old farmer named Jan Coetzer informed them that a British force held the pass at Elands River Poort in the next valley. Smuts commented, "If we don't get those horses and a supply of ammunition, we're done for." The British were C Squadron of the 17th Lancers. The Boers took advantage of a mist to encircle the British camp. When Smuts' vanguard ran head on into a Lancer patrol, the British hesitated to fire because many of the Boers wore captured British uniforms. The Boers immediately opened fire and attacked in front while Smuts led the remainder of his force to attack the British camp from the rear. The British party suffered further casualties at a closed gate that slowed them down. All six British officers were hit and four were killed, only Captain Sandeman, the commander, and his lieutenant Lord Vivian surviving. The 17th Lancers lost 29 killed and 41 wounded before surrendering. Boer losses were only one killed and six wounded. One Boer noted, "We all had fresh horses, fresh rifles, clothing, saddlery, boots and more ammunition than we could carry away, as well as supplies for every man." In his book "Commando", Deneys Reitz, one of the Boers, recounts how George Vivian pointed out his bivouac tent and told him it would be worth his while to take a look at it. Soon, Reitz, who had been wearing a grain-bag and using an old Mauser rifle with only two rounds of ammunition left, was dressed in a cavalry tunic and riding breeches and armed with a Lee-Metford sporting rifle. Reitz reports that he met Lord Vivian in London in 1935, on excellent terms. The Boers destroyed a field gun that they captured, while two maxim guns were dumped in a dam after they proved to be too much trouble.
Aftermath.
Smuts and some 250 men of his commando were able to operate for many months in the Cape Colony, but could not win the war. By this time, the Dutch in the Cape Colony were mostly convinced that the Boer republics were losing the war. Though the commando received generous help from Dutch civilians, and indeed commandeered their requirements from people of every background, the British refrained from burning Dutch farms in the Cape Colony as a matter of policy.
While Boers captured in the republics were well-treated as prisoners of war, Boer fighters native to the Cape Colony and captured there were sometimes treated as rebellious subjects and executed by the British. After the battle, Smuts' commando was dressed largely in British khaki uniforms, and Lord Kitchener gave orders that all Boer fighters taken in British uniform were to be executed. Several members of the commando were shot on this basis, others for being treasonous subjects of the Cape Colony. When the remaining members found out about this order, they dressed themselves in civilian clothes as soon as they could.

</doc>
<doc id="19111764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111764" title="University of Utah Hospital">
University of Utah Hospital

The University of Utah Hospital is a research and teaching hospital on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah. It serves as a major regional referral center for Utah and the surrounding states of Idaho, Nevada, Wyoming, Montana and New Mexico. University of Utah Health Care is praised for the following specialties: cardiology, geriatrics, gynecology, pediatrics, rheumatology, pulmonology, neurology, oncology, orthopedics, and ophthalmology.
Mission statement.
University of Utah Hospital's goal is to continually improve individual and community health and quality of life through patient care, education, and research. To accomplish this, the Hospital provides compassionate care without compromise, educates scientists and health care professionals for the future, and engages in research to advance knowledge and well-being.
History.
In 1965, the hospital, today housing clinics and the School of Medicine, opened its doors.
In 1982, Barney Clark received the world's first permanently implanted artificial heart, the Jarvik-7, during an operation performed by William C. DeVries, M.D.
In September 1981, an expansion to the old building was dedicated. 
In 2001 the hospital was named as the Intermountain West's first nationally certified Level 1 Trauma Center by the American College of Surgeons.
In July 2007 the George S. and Dolores Dore Eccles Critical Care Pavilion, an addition to the hospital was opened. A new $200-million patient care pavilion, with space for an additional 100 private patient rooms, was dedicated in July 2009.
Mario R. Capecchi, Ph.D. won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine as a University of Utah gene targeting pioneer.
Medical campus.
The University of Utah Health Sciences medical campus houses the School of Medicine, Intermountain Burn Unit, Huntsman Cancer Institute, Moran Eye Center, University Orthopaedic Center, University Neuropsychiatric Institute, and Primary Children's Medical Center, the only children's hospital in Utah. Primary Children's Hospital, though linked to the University of Utah Health Care is owned and operated by Intermountain Health Care (Select Care).
As part of that system, University Hospitals & Clinics relies on more than 1,100 board-certified physicians, 10 community clinics, and several specialty centers, including the Cardiovascular Center, the Clinical Neurosciences Center, and the Utah Diabetes Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19111776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111776" title="Third Border Initiative">
Third Border Initiative

The Third Border Initiative (TBI) is an area of policy concerning United States and the Caribbean region. The phrase was especially made popular by the administration of the President of the United States George W. Bush. The Third Border Initiative was a reference to the Caribbean region's adjacent placement to the United States of America. The policy is the ideology that behind Canada and Mexico the Caribbean region is a Sea based border of the United States.
The initiative also builds upon the founding of the Caribbean/United States - Partnership for Prosperity and Security in the Caribbean (1997). An agreement which is sometimes called the "Bridgetown Accord". This agreement is also complimented with other agreements for Maritime co-operation between the United States and countries of the Caribbean region. These other agreements include: the "Maritime Counter-Narcotics Co-operation Agreement" (1996), the "Maritime Counter-Narcotics ("Shiprider") Agreement" (1997), and the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative. Many of these agreements were signed between the Clinton Administration of the United States, and the various independent countries of the Caribbean region in May 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19111790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111790" title="German attacks on Nauru">
German attacks on Nauru

There were two German attacks on Nauru in December 1940. These attacks were conducted by auxiliary cruisers between 6 and 8 December and on the 27th of the month. The raiders sank five Allied merchant ships and inflicted serious damage on Nauru's economically important phosphate-loading facilities. Despite the significance of the island to the Australian and New Zealand economies, Nauru was not defended and the German force did not suffer any losses.
The two attacks on Nauru were the most effective operations conducted by German raiders in the Pacific Ocean during World War II. They disrupted supplies of phosphate to Australia, New Zealand and Japan, which reduced agricultural production in these countries. In response, Allied naval vessels were deployed to protect Nauru and nearby Ocean Island and escort shipping in the South Pacific. Small garrisons were also established to protect the two islands.
Background.
Nauru and nearby Ocean Island were important sources of phosphate for Australian and New Zealand fertilizer production and played an important role on both countries agriculture industries at the time of World War II. The Melbourne-based British Phosphate Commission (BPC) managed the extraction and export of phosphate from the islands and dominated all aspects of Nauruan life. During the year ending 30 June 1940, the BPC shipped almost a million tons of phosphate from Nauru and about half that amount from Ocean Island using its fleet of four vessels ("Triadic", "Triaster", "Triona" and "Trienza") and chartered merchant ships.
As the islands have no harbours or anchorages, the phosphate ships were loaded by securing to deep moorings and embarking their cargo via cantilever jetties. During south-westerly wind periods—which are common from November to March—the ships had to stop loading and sail away from the island until conditions improved. It was common for these ships to be allowed to drift to save fuel, and there were often several vessels lying off Nauru.
Despite their importance to the Australian and New Zealand economies, Nauru and Ocean islands had been allocated a low priority for the limited military assets which were available to protect the Australia Station and both islands were undefended in December 1940. Strategic stockpiles of phosphate had been built up in Australia, however, to lessen the impact of an attack on the islands.
In late October 1940, the German raider , which was commanded by Captain Kurt Weyher met , which came under the command of Captain Robert Eyssen, and the supply ship "Kulmerland" at Lamotrek in the Caroline Islands. Eyssen was the more senior of the two captains, and assumed overall command of the force. The three ships operated off New Zealand's east coast for 18 days during November and sank the small coaster "Holmwood" and large ocean liner with gunfire without being detected by the weak New Zealand defences on 25 and 27 November respectively. Following these attacks, the raiders proceeded to the Kermadec Islands where they transferred their women and children prisoners to "Kulmerland" on 29 November. The three ships then proceeded to Nauru to attack the island's phosphate industry and the concentration of shipping which the German captains knew was usually present.
Attacks on Nauru.
The German force encountered its first BPC ship while "en route" to Nauru. On 6 December, "Triona" () was attacked north-east of the Solomon Islands and was sunk with torpedos after a chase in which three of her crew were killed by the raiders' guns. All 68 survivors were captured.
The raider captains intended to land a shore party and bombard Nauru's shore installations at dawn on 8 December, but bad weather forced them to concentrate on the ships which were off the island. On the evening of 7 December, "Komet"—which had gone ahead to reconnoitre and was disguised as the Japanese merchant ship "Manyo Maru"—sank the Norwegian merchant ship "Vinni" () approximately south of Nauru. While the raider was spotted from the shore, her disguise was successful and she was assumed to be a merchant ship bound for Japan.
"Orion" joined "Komet" off Nauru in the early hours of 8 December, and attacked and damaged "Triadic" () and sank "Triaster" (). "Komet" then tried to sink "Triadic" with scuttling charges, but this was unsuccessful and "Orion" sank the merchant ship with gunfire. "Komet" later sank the British steamer "Komata" (). Following these attacks, the two raiders and "Kulmerland" withdrew and assembled east of Nauru. As the weather precluded a landing on the island, it was decided that "Komet" and "Kulmerland" would go to Ailinglaplap in the Marshall Islands where "Komet" would refuel while "Orion" operated north-west of Nauru. Following this the ships would meet off the island and make another attempt to land a raiding party.
When the German force reassembled off Nauru on 15 December, the weather continued to be too bad to permit a landing and the attack on Nauru was broken off. Further attacks on shipping were judged impractical as the raiders had intercepted radio messages ordering vessels bound for Nauru and Ocean Island to disperse. Instead, the three German ships proceeded to the Australian-administered island of Emirau to disembark the 675 prisoners they were carrying. While Weyher refused to release any of the European ethnic prisoners on board "Orion" as he believed that "trained officers and crews are as much a problem for Britain as shipping itself", the ships landed 343 Europeans and 171 Chinese and South Pacific-ethnic people.
Fortunately for the Germans, Emirau was one of the few islands in the region to not have a Royal Australian Navy-supplied radio to contact the Australian authorities. The two European families on the island provided the released prisoners with supplies, and sent a canoe to Kavieng in New Ireland to notify the Australian colonial government. A schooner was dispatched to bring additional supplies to Emirau, and arrived there on 24 December. The colonial administrator of New Britain and further supplies was also flown to Emirau on board a flying boat. The released prisoners were embarked onto the steamer "Nellore" on 29 December to be transported to Townsville in Queensland, where they arrived on 1 January 1941. They provided useful intelligence on the German raiders' operations, and the German Naval Staff issued a directive on 19 February 1941 prohibiting raiders from releasing further prisoners.
The three German ships parted company after leaving Emirau on 21 December. "Orion" proceeded to Lamutrik and then Maug in the Caroline Islands to overhaul her engines, "Kulmerland" went to Japan and only "Komet" continued operations in the South Pacific. She attempted to lay mines off Rabaul on 24 December using her motor boat, but this project was abandoned when the boat's engines failed.
"Komet" returned to Nauru following the unsuccessful attempt to mine Rabaul, and arrived off the island at 05:45 on the morning of 27 December. After issuing a warning for those on shore to not use radio and signalling her intent to destroy the phosphate loading plant, she opened fire at 06:40. The bombardment lasted for about an hour, during which time the raider wrecked the loading plant, oil tanks, boats, buildings and mooring buoys. Following this attack she sailed to the south east and Nauru broadcast news of the attack to Australia. This was the last visit of German ships to Nauru during the war, and "Komet" transferred her activities to the Indian Ocean.
Aftermath.
The German raids on Nauru had an impact on the Australian and New Zealand economies and were the greatest success achieved by German raiders in the Pacific Ocean during World War II. It took ten weeks to resume phosphate shipments from Nauru, and the loss of ships and damaged infrastructure led to a significant decline in output. The resulting phosphate shortages forced the introduction of fertilizer rationing in New Zealand from July 1941. "Komet"s bombardment of the island also interfered with phosphate consignments to Japan, which caused the Japanese government to threaten to reduce the aid it was providing to Germany. The success of the attacks on Nauru led to rumours in Australia and New Zealand that the raiders had been aided by treachery in the islands. Several investigations were conducted into the rumours and proved them to be unfounded.
Following the raids, the Commonwealth military forces in the Pacific took steps to prevent further attacks by raiders. The Royal Australian Air Force and Royal New Zealand Air Force flew an increased number of patrols in search of raiders operating near major ports. In addition, the Australian Naval Board requested that the British Admiralty authorise the redeployment of Australian naval units to meet the threat posed by raiders. This was agreed to, and the light cruiser and armed merchant cruiser returned to Australia from other stations. This allowed naval protection to be provided to Nauru and Ocean islands, and the armed merchant cruiser arrived off Ocean Island on 4 January 1941 escorting "Trienza". Several Australian and New Zealand warships maintained a continual presence off the islands during subsequent months, and two field guns were deployed to each island. The attacks also led to the introduction of convoys between Australia and New Zealand. The naval authorities were able to use the intelligence they gained from the prisoners landed at Emirau to re-route merchant ships away from the areas in which the German raiders were operating; this greatly reduced the effectiveness of the raiders, and "Komet" and "Orion" only sank three ships in the period between the attack on Nauru and their return to Europe in late 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19111794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111794" title="Rockingham Club">
Rockingham Club

There have been two "Rockingham Clubs"
The original Rockingham Club (founded 1753).
This was founded in York, England and had its first meeting on 23 December 1753 in the George Inn, York.
It was named after 'Lord Rockingham' (Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham, KG, PC (13 May 1730 – 1 July 1782)), who during his term of office as British Prime Minister repealed the Stamp Act, reducing the tax burden on the American colonies. Rockingham also backed the claim for American independence and in 1782, when he was appointed Prime Minister for a second time, upon taking office he acknowledged the independence of the United States, initiating an end to British involvement in the Revolutionary War.
Members included:
The Yale University 'Rockingham Club' (1981-1986).
The Yale Rockingham Club was a Yale University student club founded by British-born Yale undergraduate Lord Nicholas Hervey, a descendant of Lord Rockingham, as a social club for Yale student descendants of royalty or aristocracy, a requirement later modified to allow membership by offspring of the "super-wealthy." 
The club survived five years (1981-1986) and the clubhouse (privately purchased by a small group of members including Hervey and Salem Chalabi) was an off-campus historic clapboard building housing a full length portrait of Lord Hervey, Lord Hervey himself (he took six years to graduate), as well as a ballroom and chandelier, and held parties.

</doc>
<doc id="19111802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111802" title="Remembrance (2001 film)">
Remembrance (2001 film)

Remembrance is a Canadian short film. It was nominated for a Genie and won the Jutra for Best Short in 2002.
Plot.
"Remembrance" is an unusual wartime romance, inspired by two true but little-known stories: a man with an extremely rare memory condition, synesthesia, which literally prevented him from forgetting; and Camp X – a top secret training facility near Whitby, Ontario, that was used to train Canadian and Allied spies during World War Two. Against this backdrop, two strangers meet and, each for their own reasons, must struggle against an unexpected and dangerous attraction.

</doc>
<doc id="19111833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111833" title="List of state agencies of Nebraska">
List of state agencies of Nebraska

This is a list of state agencies in Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="19111836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111836" title="M. Feraud">
M. Feraud

M. Feraud was a French diplomat of the 18th century who went on a mission to resume official French East India Company contacts with Burma in 1769. He obtained a trade treaty, and the establishment of a French factory in the city of Rangoon.
Embassy to Burma.
The arrival of the embassy was facilitated by Chevalier Milard, a French officer in the service of the king of Burma, as Chief of the Guard. The king of Burma Hsinbyushin welcomed Feraud's embassy, and accepted Feraud's offer for trade, in exchange for the supply of guns and ammunitions. The king remitted a letter of agreement, which Feraud brought back to Pondicherry:
Given the previous involvement of the French with the dissident Mon under Sieur de Bruno, the king of Burma clearly specified that French arm trade should involved him only.
As a result of the embassy, the French obtained a large ground in Rangoon where they were able to establish warehouses.

</doc>
<doc id="19111851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111851" title="Shear velocity">
Shear velocity

Shear velocity, also called friction velocity, is a form by which a shear stress may be re-written in units of velocity. It is useful as a method in fluid mechanics to compare true velocities, such as the velocity of a flow in a stream, to a velocity that relates shear between layers of flow.
Shear velocity is used to describe shear-related motion in moving fluids. It is used to describe:
Shear velocity also helps in thinking about the rate of shear and dispersion in a flow. Shear velocity scales well to rates of dispersion and bedload sediment transport. A general rule is that the shear velocity is about 1/10 of the mean flow velocity.
formula_1
Where formula_2 is the shear stress in an arbitrary layer of fluid and formula_3 is the density of the fluid.
Typically, for sediment transport applications, the shear velocity is evaluated at the lower boundary of an open channel:
formula_4
Where formula_5 is the shear stress given at the boundary.
Shear velocity can also be defined in terms of the local velocity and shear stress fields (as opposed to whole-channel values, as given above).
References.
Whipple, K. X (2004), III: Flow Around Bends: Meander Evolution, 12.163 Course Notes, MIT. http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/earth-atmospheric-and-planetary-sciences/12-163-surface-processes-and-landscape-evolution-fall-2004/lecture-notes/3_flow_around_bends.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19111857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111857" title="Triumph T140W TSS">
Triumph T140W TSS

The T140W TSS was the last motorcycle model made by Triumph Engineering at their Meriden factory.
Development history.
Designed to appeal to the US market, the TSS had an eight valve Weslake Engineering cylinder head developed by Triumph's Brian Jones from a 1978/9 design originally commissioned from Nourish Racing of Rutland following 1960s designs for the 650cc twins by the Rickman Brothers.
The crank was a fully machined single forging with increased big end diameter making it much stiffer and better-balanced and producing one of the smoothest running motorcycles in the Triumph range. The head had smaller valves set at a steeper angle. Recesses in the pistons allowed a 10:1 compression ratio.
UK models had a pair of 34 mm Amal MkII carburetors while the export models had Bing constant velocity carburetors. Other changes from the standard T140E included offset connecting rods, steel-linered alloy barrels, a strengthened swinging arm, and a high output three-phase alternator.
A modified TSS raced by Jon Minonno for Texan Jack Wilson's Big D Triumph dealership achieved outstanding results in the Battle Of The Twins races for 1981–1982.
According to the Triumph build books, held by the Vintage Motor Cycle Club, the first TSS was built on 27 October 1981 for the North American market.
Specification.
Launched in 1982 with an electric starter as standard, the all-new top end of the engine featured Cooper rings sealing the 8-valve cylinder head to the barrel. American Morris alloy wheels were an option with dual Automotive Products Lockheed disc brakes upfront as standard. The fins of the black painted engine were polished although, like the Triumph TR65 Thunderbird, many alloy cycle parts that had in the past been bright–polished or chromed were now painted satin black. Mudguards were stainless steel as were the Italian Radaelli rims for the wire-spoked wheel option. The high specification air-oil 'Strada' rear suspension units were supplied by Italian firm Marzocchi. Like the Italian–sourced petrol tank, other OEM components were now from mainland Europe: French Veglia clocks, Italian Paioli petrol taps and German Bumm mirrors, Magura choke lever and ULO direction indicators.
Unlike most Triumph models, no USA style with high handlebars and two-gallon tank was produced, all models coming with the Italian four-gallon tank and low handlebars as well as the newly introduced alloy 'dog leg' clutch and front brake levers. The actual version exported to the USA received a black paint scheme with gold-lined red 'wings' along with newly shaped megaphone mufflers and German Bing carburettors. A one-off variant in line with the Triumph Bonneville T140EX Executive was produced for a London dealer, albeit again in gold-lined black, but with the Executive's standard Brearley-Smith 'Sabre' fairing and luggage by Sigma. All TSS were shod with Avon Roadrunner tyres.
Only 112 TSS bikes were actually exported by Triumph, as on 26 August 1983 the factory at Meriden went into voluntary liquidation. It is calculated that 438 TSS units were made in total.
The engine was generally well received by the press although a long term test by "Motor Cycle Weekly" revealed early cylinder heads to be porous and wet weather braking failure. In an interview in US magazine, "Motorcyclist", Meriden's Director of Engineering, Brian Jones revealed that the epoxy coating on the initial cylinder heads supplied by Weslake disguised the porosity problem from their factory testers.
TSSAV.
Fitting an eight-valve engine in an anti-vibration frame was first mooted by the factory at the 1981 Earls Court motorcycle show on the prototype super-tourer, TS8-1. Now displayed at the London Motorcycle Museum, the TS8-1 had plastic bodywork by Ian Dyson of contracted stylists, Plastic Fantastic.
For the unrealised 1983–1984 range, the TSS was to have had Meriden's 'Enforcer' anti-vibration frame as standard where the engine was rubber-mounted in a special anti-vibration frame. Styling changes included the adoption of parts from the Triumph T140 TSX model such as the abbreviated rear mudguard albeit in stainless steel and side panels with a TSX-styled TSS badge affixed. These replaced the original side panels which had been extended to cover the Bing carburettor linkages on the USA export models. A plastic 'ducktail' seat unit was mounted above the shortened rear mudguard of the projected 1983–1984 civilian model and rear set footrests, brake and gear shift mechanisms fitted. Police TSS AV retained the standard footrest/control arrangement as well as conventional cycle parts over the ducktail and TSX parts. Due to the height clearance limitations caused by the engine jogging about its rubber mounts within the Enforcer frame, the shorter Amal Mk2 carburretors instead of Bings were fitted.
Only three examples of the TSS AV in police and civilian specification were ever made(and one bare frame) including one for the late Chris Buckle, proprietor of former Triumph dealers, Roebucks Motorcycles. Not quite to the envisaged 1984 specification, this was made on 27 June 1983 and is, according to the factory production records held by the Vintage Motor Cycle Club, the last complete Meriden Triumph. This is the pictured burgundy-coloured example now on display at the National Motorcycle Museum in Solihull, West Midlands close to the former factory site. It was factory -fitted with Koni rear suspension units and omitted the 'ducktail' in favour of the conventional rear mudguard arrangement.
TSX8.
Another prototype from the unrealised 1983/1984 range, a TSS engine, with Bings, in Triumph T140 TSX cycle parts was to be marketed as the TSX8, the original four-valve version renamed as the TSX4. Wayne Moulton who designed the TSX, had originally done so with the 8-valve TSS engine in mind.

</doc>
<doc id="19111881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111881" title="CHFA">
CHFA

CHFA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19111884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111884" title="Mertztown, Pennsylvania">
Mertztown, Pennsylvania

Mertztown is a census-designated place in Longswamp Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is located near the borough of Topton. As of the 2010 census, the population was 664 residents.
Mertztown is located in Berks County at latitude 40.506 and longitude -75.665 (Mertztown Panoramio Photos.) and its elevation is 466 feet. It appears on the Topton U.S. Geological Survey Map and is in the Eastern time zone (GMT -5).
The former Reading Railroad that runs through the center of Mertztown, is used by Norfolk Southern, and it is a heavily used railroad branch. A branch of the Catasauqua and Fogelsville Railroad used to go through the Farmington and Klines Corner section of Mertztown but the tracks were torn up years ago.
Mertztown was founded in 1823 by Robert Mertz. The population density is .01% Black, .01% Hispanic or other, and 99.8% white. Atlas Minerals, a big mineral company, is located in Mertztown, moved to the town in 1917, and has been there ever since. The town is down to one Grocery Store, Radcliffe's Great Value, and two Hardware stores, True Value and the Menonite Hardware store.
Brandywine Heights Area High School is also located in Mertztown, as is Gateway Christian School. If you went to Brandywine in the past six years, you would know the place referred to as "the barn." The Area code is 610. The Toad Creek runs east through the village from Topton into the Little Lehigh Creek.
Social places in the area would include Mertztown Rod and Gun Club, Rockland Rod And Gun Club, The Inn At Maple Grove, and the Dryville Hotel.
External Sources.
http://pennsylvania.hometownlocator.com/pa/berks/mertztown.cfm

</doc>
<doc id="19111900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111900" title="Connected (film)">
Connected (film)

Connected () is a 2008 Hong Kong action film written, produced and directed by Benny Chan, and starring Louis Koo, Barbie Hsu, Nick Cheung and Liu Ye
It is a remake of the 2004 American film "Cellular". The film tells the story of Bob (Louis Koo) who receives a distressing phone call on his cellular phone from Grace Wong (Barbie Hsu) who has been kidnapped by a gang of corrupt Interpol agents who have a hidden agenda.
Producers felt that a remake of "Cellular" would reach out to Hong Kong's cell phone user population, and decided to hire Benny Chan to develop a screenplay for the film. Chan and his screenwriters spent two years working on the script. For "Connected", Chan wanted to improve on the previous film by making the characters and the situations in his remake seem more believable. Principal photography took place in Hong Kong.
"Connected" was released in Hong Kong on 25 September 2008.
Plot.
While Grace Wong is driving her vehicle, her car is knocked down by another vehicle and she is abducted from the scene. The kidnappers, led by Fok Tak-Nang, return to Grace's house, where they kill her maid, and start searching the place. Grace is then taken to an abandoned house, where she manages to repair a destroyed telephone. With the phone, she manages to contact Bob, a single father and debt collector. Bob has promised his son, Kit-Kit, and his sister, Jeannie, that he will meet them at an airport, before Kit-Kit boards a flight to Australia.
While talking to Grace on his cellular phone, Bob agrees to help Grace and hands his phone to patrol officer Fai, who believes that the distressing phone call is a prank, due to Bob's reckless driving. Grace is interrupted from the call when Fok and his men enter the room, having abducted her brother's friend, Joe. Fok forces Grace to contact her brother, Roy. After listening to Roy's answering machine, Fok kills Joe and leaves with his men, now planning to go after Grace's daughter, Tinker. Grace persuades Bob to head to the school and find her daughter before Fok's men do. When Bob arrives, he is distracted by the school's headmaster, and minutes before the school's class dismissal, he finds Tinker too late, when she is abducted by Fok's men. Bob goes after the abductors, but winds up losing sight of them in the struggle. After crashing through a truck, Bob later finds a handgun left in his car by a fellow debt collector. 
Realizing that his phone has a low battery, Bob heads to a phone store to buy a cell phone charger. After losing his patience with the flirty service clerk, he holds the store at gunpoint and pays for the charger. After Bob is caught on camera at both the school and the phone store, Fai heads to Grace Wong's residence. He is still convinced that the kidnapping situation is a prank, having talked to Michelle, a woman impersonating Grace. Fok then decides to go after Grace's brother, Roy, who is in a hospital.
Fai decides to call Grace's house, after realizing the real Grace Wong is a Mandarin-language speaker, while the impersonator he met speaks Cantonese. At the hospital, Bob manages to distract Grace's abductors, who are revealed by police to be Interpol agents. The agents, however, succeed in kidnapping Roy and take him to a hill where he has hidden a camcorder. Bob intervenes, grabbing a hold of the camera and fleeing from the agents; unfortunately, he loses connection with Grace. 
Fai heads to Grace's house, where he confronts and kills Michelle, realizing she was also an Interpol agent working for Fok. As Grace tries to contact Bob, she is caught by one Fok's henchmen. Grace kills the henchman and manages to find her daughter. However, while planning to escape, Grace and Tinker are caught by Fok. Bob looks at the evidence on the camcorder. The footage, captured by Roy, reveals Fok brutally executing several American drug dealers and stealing their contraband. Bob calls Fok, and tells them to meet him at the airport in an exchange for the evidence and the hostages, while attempting to keep his promise to his son. 
At the airport, Bob's plans to meet his sister and son are foiled as Fok conveniently stands between them and Bob's hiding place. After telling Fok to go towards the parking lot, he demands that Grace, Roy and Tinker be released. They flee to a patrol car that is also in the lot. Unfortunately, Bob is caught by Fok and his men, and fights against them until Fai catches up to them. Fok and his men are arrested by Detective Cheung and his Serious Crimes Unit. After Bob hands the videotaped evidence over to Detective Cheung, Fok and Tong, one of Fok's henchman, appear, and Cheung reveals that he was working with Fok. Fok deletes the footage on the videotape, and a violent confrontation ensues in a loading dock in the airport where Fai and Bob take on Fok, Cheung and the corrupt Interpol agents. Cheung is shot to death by Fai after attacking the patrol officer with a forklift truck.
Bob confronts Fok on a scaffolding. After Bob reveals he still has videotaped evidence on his cell phone and threatens to send it to the police, Fok kicks Bob off the scaffolding. A net manages to save Bob's fall, but sends Fok falling to his death. While this was going on, a member of Fok's team rekidnaps Grace and her family and prepares to kill them, but Grace manages to defend her family long enough for the police to arrive. When Bob returns, Fai talks to him, feeling the glory he once had as a police officer, and wishing that they never meet again after their ordeal. Bob then meets Grace for the first time in person. Grace thanks him, and Bob concludes their meeting by saying, "If you're gonna call for help, no thanks! If you want dinner, then I'll consider." Bob is then reunited with his son, who is happy that his father kept his promise.
Cast.
Other players include Ken Hung as Joe, Roy's classmate, who is murdered by Fok; Vincent Kok as a man whose convertible is taken by Bob; Mainland Chinese actress Gong Beibi cameos as Jen, Fai's wife; German-born Asian actress Ankie Beilke plays Michelle, an Interpol agent pretending to be Grace Wong as a cover-up for the kidnapping; Wong Cho-Lam appears as a salesman; Raymond Wong Ho-Yin cameos as a police officer; child actress Chan Sze-Wai plays Tinker Wong, Grace's daughter; child actor Presley Tam, who appeared as a school bus child in Benny Chan's "Invisible Target" plays Kit-Kit, Bob's son; American actors Robbin Harris, David Rock, and Daniel Whyte play Interpol agents working for Inspector Fok.
Production.
"Connected" is a remake of the 2004 American thriller "Cellular", which starred Kim Basinger and Chris Evans. It is also the first film to be produced by Sirius XM Radio's production arm Sirius Pictures International. "Connected" is a Chinese-Hong Kong co-production. It was produced by Hong Kong's Emperor Motion Pictures, China Film Group and Warner China Film HG, the Chinese production arm of Warner Bros.
The film was produced and directed by Benny Chan, and stars Louis Koo in the lead role. Both the director and actor reunite after collaborating on the 2006 film, "Rob-B-Hood". Chan also reunites with stunt coordinator Nicky Li, a former leader of the Jackie Chan Stunt Team, who has worked on several of Chan's films including "Rob-B-Hood", "Divergence" and "Invisible Target". The screenplay was co-written by Alan Yuen, who has previously collaborated with Chan on films such as "Rob-B-Hood" and "New Police Story".
Development.
"Connected" was greenlit by Warner China Film HG, who hoped that the film would appeal to the Hong Kong's cell phone user population. The studio approached director Benny Chan, one of the most sought-after film directors of Hong Kong action cinema. Chan and his screenwriters spent two years working on the script. It went through various rewrites, before the writers finally created a scenario closely similar to the film "Cellular". When comparing his film to "Cellular", Chan wanted to make the characters more real and believable than the Hollywood original, even questioning the plausibility of the films' scenario.
Filming.
The film was shot entirely in Hong Kong under a budget of HK$45 million (US$5.8 million), a conservative figure among growing Chinese movie budgets. Chan described the film as the most demanding film in his career, as he and co-screenwriters Alan Yuen and Xu Bing tried to make the film appeal to Chinese audiences. The director first filmed Barbie Hsu’s scenes before filming Louis Koo’s portion. Both actors, however, share one scene together. During filming, the Hong Kong Government refused to grant a permit to film a flying car scene in a busy city district, thus the filmmakers could only shift filming to the outskirts of Hong Kong, proving that they could do the same without the government’s help.
Stunts.
Louis Koo performed his own stunts, stating, "Whether it’s a car chase, rolling down a hill or jumping out of a falling car, I’m fine with the stunts as long as the outcome gives the effect we want." He later revealed that he suffered from external injuries. For the film's car chase sequence, Koo persuaded Chan to let him perform the stunt himself, feeling that the “result of which would be more believable.”
Reception.
Box office.
On opening weekend in Hong Kong, "Connected" topped the box office, grossing HK$3.61 million, with HK$1.08 million from 42 screens on a four-day weekend. At the end of its box-office run in Hong Kong, the film had grossed a total of HK$13.64 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19111904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111904" title="Crime in Saudi Arabia">
Crime in Saudi Arabia

Foreign affairs ministries of different countries state that there is a low rate of crime in Saudi Arabia. However criminology researcher Dr. Ali Wardak in the book "Transnational and Comparative Criminology" suggested ranking societies on the basis of official crime rates is problematic. He argued it is possible in Saudi Arabia that several criminal complaints are resolved outside formal judicial institutions and as a consequence remain undocumented by the police.
Theft.
Petty theft is a problem especially in crowded areas. The nation has strict laws prohibiting drug trafficking; drug trafficking is a capital crime. Despite strict laws, however, illicit trafficking takes place in considerable amounts through underground channels especially marijuana, cocaine and homegrown psychedelic drugs. Saudi Arabia is a signatory to all three international conventions on drug control. To curb money laundering, improved anti-money laundering laws have been enacted. The country has implemented all the forty recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF) for combating money laundering and all eight recommendations of the FATF regarding terror financing. A Financial Intelligence Unit exists for the purpose of monitoring flows of funds.
The most common crime in 2002 was theft, which accounted for 47% of total reported crime. Saudi Arabia is a destination point for workers from South and Southeast Asia who are subjected to conditions which include involuntary servitude, non-payment of wages, confinement and withholding of passports as a restriction on their movement. Domestic workers are particularly vulnerable because some are confined to the house in which they work and are unable to seek help. Saudi Arabia is also a destination country for children trafficked from other Middle Eastern countries like Yemen, African countries like Nigeria, Mali, Somalia, South Sudan, and Sudan and Asian nations like Pakistan and Afghanistan for the purpose of forced begging and involuntary servitude as street vendors. Some Nigerian women were reportedly trafficked into Saudi Arabia for commercial sexual exploitation.
Terrorism.
Threat of Islamic terrorism is a matter of concern. The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) of the Government of Australia claimed they received reports that terrorists are masterminding attacks against assets belonging to the Government of Saudi Arabia, oil infrastructure, aviation infrastructure, embassies, hotels, shopping malls and many Western interests such as residential housing complexes, gatherings of foreign tourists for recreational or cultural activities etc. The United States Department of State reported "There is an on-going security threat due to the continued presence of terrorist groups, some affiliated with al Qaida, who may target Western interests, housing compounds, and other facilities where Westerners congregate". Terrorist attacks in the country targeted both native people and foreigners. DFAT further stated "Terrorist attacks could occur at any time, anywhere in Saudi Arabia, including in Riyadh, Khobar, and other major cities". 
Murder.
In 1988, the murder rate in Saudi Arabia was 1.1 per 100,000 population, sexual offenses were 21.9 per 100,000 population, and thefts were 70.5 per 100,000. In 2002, a total of 84,599 crimes were reported in Saudi Arabia, or 387 crimes for every 100,000 people. By 2006 those numbers had gone down with murder at 65.3 per 100,000 population, sexual offenses at 58.6 per 100,000, and thefts offenses at 70.5 per 100,000.
Moral law.
The Saudi legal system is based on Islamic law and thus often prohibits many activities that are not crimes in other nations, but are deemed to be immoral. One of the main organizations enforcing traditional Islamic morality in the kingdom is the Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice. It is difficult to know, with any certainty, how many people have been charged or punished for violating these laws, e.g., . the ban on alcohol, pork products, non-Islamic religious symbols or text, public displays of affection, indecent artwork or media images, homosexuality, cross-dressing, fornication or adultery.

</doc>
<doc id="19111918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111918" title="H. H. Richardson Historic District of North Easton">
H. H. Richardson Historic District of North Easton

H. H. Richardson Historic District of North Easton is a National Historic Landmark District in the village of North Easton in Easton, Massachusetts. It consists of five buildings designed by noted 19th-century architect Henry Hobson Richardson, and The Rockery, a war memorial designed by Frederick Law Olmsted. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.
The landmark district is contained within the larger North Easton Historic District which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 3, 1972. It also contains the Old Colony Railroad Station which was individually listed on the NRHP on April 11, 1972.
History.
Easton was first settled in 1694 and was officially incorporated in 1725. In 1694, the first settler, Clement Briggs established his home near the Easton Green. In 1711, the Taunton North Purchase area became Norton, and in 1713, the twenty-six families settled in Easton and hired Elder William Pratt as their first minister. There was no legal parish in Easton until 1722 when the East Precinct of Norton was recognized. In 1725, the area was incorporated as the Town of Easton; it was so named because it was formerly called the "East End" of the Taunton North Purchase and was shortened by pronunciation to Easton.
In 1803, the Ames Shovel Company was established and became nationally known as having provided the shovels which laid the Union Pacific Railroad and opened the west. In 1875, the shovel production of the Ames plant was worth 1.5 million. The most notable of the Ames family were Oakes Ames, a key figure in the Crédit Mobilier of America scandal, and Oliver Ames, governor of Massachusetts from 1887–1890.
The Ames family shaped the town's economy, and was responsible for the presence of a number of landmark buildings in the town designed by H. H. Richardson, originator of the Richardsonian Romanesque style and designer of Trinity Church in Boston.
The five Richardson buildings in the Historic Landmark District include:
Other associated buildings.
Though this school complex was not made by Richardson himself, it was dedicated to him and made in his style:
Although intended to be the town hall, the Oakes Ames Memorial Hall was never accepted by the town and never used for that purpose.
In addition, there is a commercial building at 66 Main Street which designed and build in the nineteenth century by Richardson's office in a Richardsonian style. The Richardson buildings are all located within a compact area designated as the H. H. Richardson Historic District. The area also includes The Rockery, designed by Frederick Law Olmsted, who also landscaped grounds of Oakes Ames Memorial Hall and the Ames Free Library.

</doc>
<doc id="19111921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111921" title="Curtains (1995 film)">
Curtains (1995 film)

Curtains is a 1995 Canadian short film. Produced in both English and French (the French version title is Rideau), it was nominated for a Genie and many other awards.
Plot.
An actress, having just discovered she's been dumped, questions everything around her in the 15 minutes before the curtain comes up and she must take her place on stage. In the process, we get a glance at what goes on behind the scenes in your average theatre production.

</doc>
<doc id="19111930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111930" title="St. Mary Cemetery, Cincinnati">
St. Mary Cemetery, Cincinnati

St. Mary Cemetery, Cincinnati is located at 701 East Ross Avenue in St. Bernard, Ohio. St. Mary is a Roman Catholic cemetery, which has a German beginning in the nineteenth century. It was the cemetery of the Old St. Mary's Church in the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati.
Old St Mary's Church was home to many of Cincinnati's large German population. Many of the Cincinnati's oldest German families are buried in this cemetery and many of the old stones are written in German.

</doc>
<doc id="19111939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111939" title="William Lindsay">
William Lindsay

William Lindsay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19111959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111959" title="Big Dreamers">
Big Dreamers

Big Dreamers is a 55-minute documentary film showcasing the Big Things of Australia. Directed by Camille hardman, and produced by Camille Hardman and John Fink, "Big Dreamers" features the construction of The Biggest Gumboot in world in Tully, in far North Queensland.
Plot.
Tully was a prosperous town in tropical north Queensland, until Brazil dumped its sugar surplus on the global market. The locals call a meeting to save the town from financial disaster. Ron Hunt stands up and proposes to build The World’s Biggest Gumboot in honour of Tully’s rainfall record of 7.98 metres in 1950.
Ron declares the Big Golden Gumboot will put Tully on the map, so he and the local Rotary Club hire out-of-towner Bryan Newell to build the edifice. Tully's local artist and fellow Rotarian. Roger Chandler is not pleased. The cost of the boot blows out to $90,000, and the construction is endlessly delayed by rain. 
Personalities clash, and Ron wonders whether he has made the right decision.
Dispersed throughout the main narrative are small vignettes highlighting other Big Things around Australia.
Awards.
Winner, 2007 Award of Excellence - Videography
Film festivals.
"Big Dreamers" featured in a number of Film Festivals worldwide Including:

</doc>
<doc id="19111962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111962" title="Viktor Petakov">
Viktor Petakov

Viktor Petakov (born 27 January 1989) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays for Austrian club Union Ried im Traunkreis. He primarily plays as left/right winger, but he can play as striker too.

</doc>
<doc id="19111972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111972" title="Shooter (2000 film)">
Shooter (2000 film)

Shooter is a Canadian short film.
Plot.
An idealistic young photographer, eager to join the big leagues, spends the night on a stakeout with three experienced paparazzi.

</doc>
<doc id="19111996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19111996" title="DeVier Posey">
DeVier Posey

DeVier Stewart Posey (born March 15, 1990) is an American professional football wide receiver for the Houston Texans. He played college football at the Ohio State University. Posey attended La Salle High School in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was drafted in the third round of the 2012 NFL Draft, 68th overall, by the Houston Texans.
College career.
Freshman year.
Posey started his college career with a 25-yard touchdown catch from quarterback Todd Boeckman against Youngstown State.
Sophomore year.
On October 31, 2009, against New Mexico State, on a reverse, Posey threw a 39-yard touchdown pass to Dane Sanzenbacher.
Suspension.
On December 23, 2010, DeVier Posey and four other Ohio State players were suspended for the first five games of the 2011 season, but were allowed to play in Ohio State's bowl game, the Allstate Sugar Bowl, which they won 31–26 vs. Arkansas. DeVier Posey was said to have sold a jersey, pants, and shoes that he had previously worn in a game. The other suspended players were quarterback Terrelle Pryor, running back Dan Herron, offensive lineman Mike Adams, and defensive end Soloman Thomas. On May 30, 2011, Jim Tressel resigned as the Ohio State University football coach. Herron was expected to get his starting spot back after his suspension. Luke Fickell was named the interim head coach for the 2011 season.
On October 3, 2011, in an unrelated story, Herron was suspended for one more week due to being overpaid during a summer job in the Cleveland area. Several ESPN analysts, including Kirk Herbstreit and Chris Spielman, said that they did not believe Herron or DeVier Posey, who was also suspended the first six game of the 2011 season as well, would ever play or should ever play at Ohio State again. They added, however, that the pair should still be allowed to practice, work out, and stay on scholarship at the university.
Professional career.
NFL Draft.
In the 2012 NFL Draft, Posey was selected by the Houston Texans in the third round (68th overall).
Houston Texans.
On January 13, 2013, Posey injured his ankle during the New England Patriots 41–28 win over the Texans in the AFC Divisional Rounds. Further testing indicated that Posey suffered a ruptured Achilles tendon.

</doc>
<doc id="19112004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112004" title="Motor War Car">
Motor War Car

Simms' Motor War Car was the first armoured car ever built.
It was designed by F.R. Simms and a single prototype was ordered in April 1899 It was built by Vickers, Sons & Maxim of Barrow on a special Coventry-built Daimler chassis with a German-built Daimler motor.
Because of difficulties, including a gearbox destroyed by a road accident, that arose during completion the prototype was not finished by Vickers until 1902 when the Boer War was over. The vehicle was an improvement over Simms' earlier design known as "Motor Scout" which was the first armed (but not armoured) vehicle powered by a petrol engine.
The vehicle had Vickers armour 6 mm thick and was powered by a four-cylinder 3.3-litre 16 hp Cannstatt Daimler engine giving it a maximum speed of around 9 miles per hour (14.5 km/h). The armament, consisting of two Maxim guns, was carried in two turrets with 360° traverse. Some sources also mention a single QF 1 pounder pom-pom.
Fully equipped it was overall with a beam of , a ram at each end, two turrets and two guns and "capable of running on very rough surfaces".
It had a crew of four. Simms' Motor War Car was presented at the Crystal Palace, London, in April 1902.
Another armoured car of the period was the French Charron, Girardot et Voigt 1902, presented at the "Salon de l'Automobile et du cycle" in Brussels, on 8 March 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="19112006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112006" title="CFLN">
CFLN

CFLN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19112007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112007" title="The Scientific Activist">
The Scientific Activist

The Scientific Activist is a blog that covers science, politics, and science policy, run by Nick Anthis, a graduate student in biochemistry and Rhodes Scholar at the University of Oxford. The Scientific Activist gained international recognition in February 2006 when it published information that led to the immediate resignation of Bush Administration NASA appointee George Deutsch. Deutsch—who had been accused of censoring scientific information at NASA—claimed to have graduated from Texas A&M University on his résumé, but Anthis discovered that Deutsch had not, in fact, completed his degree there.
The Scientific Activist was founded on January 11, 2006, and was originally hosted by Blogger. It gained early attention for its coverage of Oxford's vocal animal rights movement, and it continued its coverage as the pro-research Pro-Test movement was formed. On June 9, 2006, The Scientific Activist moved to ScienceBlogs.
In July 2006, The Scientific Activist was named one of "Nature's" "Top five science blogs."

</doc>
<doc id="19112010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112010" title="Archibald Clunes Innes">
Archibald Clunes Innes

Archibald Clunes Innes (1799–1857) was a soldier and pastoralist from Thrumster, Caithness, Scotland. When he arrived in Australia in 1822 he was a captain in the Third Regiment (Buffs), on the ship "Eliza", in charge of 170 convicts.
Innes was a commandant at the Port Macquarie penal settlement from November 1826 to April 1827. He then spent time in Sydney as brigade major before becoming a superintendent of police and magistrate at Parramatta, until 1829. Captain Innes returned in 1830 and settled on his grant of 2,568 acres (1,039 ha) of land near Port Macquarie where the 22-room Lake Innes house was built, using convict labour, in several stages between 1831 and 1843. In 1837 Innes had 85 convicts working for him at Port Macquarie. His wife Margaret, (daughter of Alexander Macleay), was also an early grantee and received land at Crottys Plains on the Wilson River near Rollands Plains.
Major A.C. Innes owned Innestown on the Manning River and Yarrows (Yarras) on the Hastings River. He was one of the first squatters in the New England district when, in 1836, he held Waterloo Station. Some of his other New England properties included Kentucky Station, Beardy Plains, Dundee Station and Furracabad Station. Furracabad station was subsequently the site of the town of Glen Innes, which was named after him and laid out in 1851.
During the 1830s, Innes was one of Australia's richest colonists. However, in the 1840s credit squeeze, he lost just about everything and became bankrupt in 1852. He was later an assistant gold commissioner and magistrate at Nundle and later police magistrate at Newcastle, New South Wales.
Archibald Innes died at Newcastle on 29 August 1857. He was buried in Port Macquarie where his grave can be seen in the town's Pioneer Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19112023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112023" title="Small (journal)">
Small (journal)

Small is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary journal published twenty-four times a year. "Small" publishes research in science and technology on the micro- and nanoscales in the form of Communications, Reviews, Concepts, Highlights, Essays, and Full Papers. The journal was co-founded by Chad Mirkin and Peter Gölitz. The editorial office is in Weinheim, Germany. 
Small is available online through the Wiley Online Library. All of the publications can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="19112037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112037" title="Juan Perez de Zurita">
Juan Perez de Zurita

Juan Pérez de Zurita (1516 - c. 1595) was a Spanish Conquistador, the son of Alonso Díaz de Zurita, native of Cañete de las Torres and Inés Fernández de Córdova. In 1536 he began his military career. In 1548 he was in Granada and in 1550 he embarked to the Indies with his brother Alonso de Zurita. In 1553 went on to the kingdom of Peru. At the beginning of 1557, by order of the Viceroy Hurtado de Mendoza he was sent with an expedition of 700 soldiers under the command of his son García Hurtado de Mendoza, to Chile. From there by order of the new Governor Mendoza, he was sent with a command of 70 men with the position of Lieutenant Governor and Greater Justice for the province of Tucuman, Juries and Diaguitas. He crossed the Andes Mountains and arrived at Santiago del Estero in May 1558. 
Biography.
Zurita relieved Juan Gregorio Bazán the chief of the few soldiers or colonists who remained in the province, that was torn by discord and afflicted by crime continuing a precarious existence after the departure of the previous governor. With a new immigration from Chile and Peru, Zurita at the head of the government was able to bring the settlers a larger measure of prosperity than they had previously enjoyed and treated all parties with equal justice. In honour of the union of Philip II and Queen Mary, Zurita changed the name of the province to "Nueva Inglaterra" (New England). He also founded three towns: Londres, Canete, and Cordova. Zurita continued the task of subjugating the Diaguita and Calchaquí Indians with some success. 
When Diego López de Zúñiga y Velasco, arrived in Peru as the new Viceroy in 1560, he was determined to make the province of Tucuman independent, except as subordinated to the viceroy of Peru. This proposed change provoked a revolt on the part of those who wished to maintain the connection with Chile. Londres inhabitants led this movement, reinforced by the garrison of the town, who went over to them. The uprising was suppressed, but opposition aroused by Zurita finally persuaded the Governor of Chile that it was desirable to transfer the affairs of the province of Tucuman to other hands. Gregorio Castañeda was, therefore, sent to supersede Zurita. 
Zurita was transferred, against his will, back to Chile, but rendered service to the governors Don Pedro de Villagra and don Rodrigo de Quiroga in the Arauco War. At first he underestimated the Mapuche and his column of reinforcements from Angol for Concepcion was ambushed by Millalelmo and 3000 Mapuche at the Andalién River in 1564. He managed to escape annihilation and get back to Santiago, Chile. Following the Mapuche's failed Siege of Concepcion he joined Governor Villagra in the Second Battle of Reinohuelén and Battle of Tulmillán ending the revolt of the Mapuche north of the Bío Bío River.
Family.
In 1571, the Viceroy of Peru, Don Francisco de Toledo, gave permission for him to found two settlements in the government of Santa Cruz de la Sierra. He was married with Jerónima de Mena y Saldaña. He died in La Plata in the year 1595.

</doc>
<doc id="19112044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112044" title="Battswood F.C.">
Battswood F.C.

Battswood AFC is a South African football (soccer) club based in Cape Town that currently competes in the Vodacom League.
History.
The teachers and students of the Battswood Training College formed the Battswood Football Club in 1929. Initially called the "Battswood Collegians", the club joined the newly established Cape District Football Association as one of its founder member clubs.
In 1959, the club gained eleven trophies, and in 1964 the club won the prestigious Maggot Trophy competition, the highest knockout competition in the Western Province. In 1965, the club lost in the self-same competition in the semi-finals, against the eventual winners, after three replays. In 1966 and 1968, the club lost in the final - in each match, the team was beaten by Woodside.
Due to political policy, the Cape District Football Union was suspended from the Western Province Football Board from 1978 until 1980.
Professional Ranks.
In 1989 the club turned professional, joining the South African Federation Professional League (FPL). In the first season, the club won the League, Knock-Out Cup (Osmon’s Spice Trophy) and the NRB Cup, plus several individual awards. In 1990, the club again won the NRB Cup, and ended up as runners-up in the League, losing in the semi-finals of the Knock-Out Cup to the eventual winners, Santos.
In 1991, with huge political changes starting to take place in the country and with sports becoming unified, a major decision by the Federation Professional League meant that Battswood had to compete in the NSL 1st Division (Coastal League). The club just missed promotion, losing out to Cape Town Spurs.
The current Vodacom League team features the likes of Rowan Hendricks, Carlo Scott, Gavin Lendis and Giovanni Rector.

</doc>
<doc id="19112048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112048" title="Hans Aardal">
Hans Aardal

Hans Aardal (6 January 1921 – 3 December 1995) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Sogn og Fjordane during the terms 1965–1969 and 1969–1973.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19112053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112053" title="Spanish Baja">
Spanish Baja

The Spanish Baja is a Rally raid event held in the region of Aragon in northern Spain.
This event was launched in 1983, based on the popularity of the African Adventure rallies such as the Paris Dakar and the Pharaons Rally. The event's creators, a group of French and Spanish enthusiasts, chose the desert of Monegros because of the scenery and availability of service infrastructure in Zaragoza. The first Baja in Spain was called the Baja Montesblancos.
In 1992 the Spanish Baja was cancelled as it coincided with the Olympic games in Barcelona. After this, the Spanish Automobile Federation took over the organisation and entered it into the FIA Cross Country Rally World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19112056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112056" title="Tjako van Schie">
Tjako van Schie

Tjako van Schie (born April 17, 1961 in Coevorden) is a Dutch pianist and composer. He is a répétiteur at the Amsterdam Conservatory.
Biography.
Since 1999 Van Schie has been working as a host professor at the conservatory of Porto (Portugal). In 2001 he toured the People's Republic of China. In the same year he toured in the Netherlands and in Portugal with the "Orquestra Portuguesa de Saxofones", also known as "Vento do Norte".
Van Schie also composes music as well as rearranges music. He wrote music for all kinds of musical ensembles, as well as rewritten old music. For example: he rewrote compositions of Robert Schumann to be performed by piano and saxophone ensemble.
Van Schie was educated at the Zwolle conservatory, after which he attended several master classes, among others at the New York pianist Jacob Lateiner.
Van Schie currently lives in Nieuwleusen, in the Dutch province of Overijssel.

</doc>
<doc id="19112066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112066" title="Kjartan Sturluson">
Kjartan Sturluson

Kjartan Sturluson (born 27 December 1975) is a retired Icelandic international football goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19112072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112072" title="Huband baronets">
Huband baronets

The Huband Baronetcy, of Ipsley in the County of Warwick, was a title in the Baronetage of England which was created on 2 February 1661 for John Huband, of Ipsley Court, then in Warwickshire. The Hubands had held Ipsley from the time of the Norman Conquest.
The baronets were descended from Sir John Huband Kt, Constable of Kenilworth Castle, High Sheriff of Warwickshire (1527 and 1544) and Steward to Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester. The baronetcy became extinct on the death in 1730 of the third Baronet, aged only 17.

</doc>
<doc id="19112076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112076" title="Naubasta">
Naubasta

Naubasta is a town in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11,160 and had 1663 houses in the town.
Government.
The purpose of Village Development Committees like Naubasta is to organise village people structurally at a local level and creating a partnership between the community and the public sector for improved service delivery system. A VDC has a status as an autonomous institution and authority for interacting with the more centralised institutions of governance in Nepal. In doing so, the VDC gives village people an element of control and responsibility in development, and also ensures proper utilization and distribution of state funds and a greater interaction between government officials, NGOs and agencies. The village development committees within a given area will discuss education, water supply, basic health, sanitation and income and will also monitor and record progress which is displayed in census data.
In VDCs there is one elected chief, usually elected with over an 80% majority. From each ward, there is also a chief that is elected along with these there are also four members elected or nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="19112084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112084" title="Parsapur">
Parsapur

Parsapur is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,201 and had 604 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112089" title="Phatepur">
Phatepur

Phatepur is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,793 and had 1586 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112098" title="Piparhawa">
Piparhawa

Piparhawa is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,862 and had 247 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19112102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112102" title="1968 Buenos Aires tennis tournament – Singles">
1968 Buenos Aires tennis tournament – Singles

Roy Emerson won in the final 9–7, 6–4, 6–4 against Rod Laver.

</doc>
<doc id="19112103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112103" title="Puraina">
Puraina

Puraina is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="19112109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112109" title="Puraini">
Puraini

Puraini is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2636 and had 512 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19112117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112117" title="You Shoot, I Shoot">
You Shoot, I Shoot

You Shoot, I Shoot (買兇拍人) is a 2001 Hong Kong film directed by Pang Ho-Cheung.
Plot.
Bart (Eric Kot), a professional contract killer, is requested by his clients to film his killings. He hires aspiring film director Cheun (Cheung Tat-Ming) for the filming.

</doc>
<doc id="19112130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112130" title="2008 Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm football team">
2008 Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm football team

The 2008 Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm football team (variously "So-Naz", "SNU", or the "Crimson Storm") represents Southern Nazarene University in the college football season of 2008-2009. The team is led by head coach Mike Cochran, who has coached at SNU since 2006. They play their home games at McFarland Park Stadium in Bethany, Oklahoma. It was the first time in the history of the program, the Crimson Storm have opened the season 2-0. This will be SNU's longest season by 1 game, for the past 7 seasons the Crimson Storm have only played 10.
Game notes.
Eastern New Mexico.
The game was delayed about 2½ hours due to extreme lightning in the area. The stadium was cleared and the game was paused for at 11:11 minutes left in the third quarter until the storm cleared the area. SNU missed an extra point, and gave a safety to ENMU by a high snap that crossed out of the end zone.
Olivet Nazarene, Ill..
SNU won its second game of the season. Never have they started 2-0. There was no extra point tried for since the ONU touchdown happened at 0:00.
Mary Hardin-Baylor, Texas, 6:00 PM.
Southern Nazarene University's road football game at Mary Hardin-Baylor in Belton, Texas, scheduled for Saturday at 6:00 p.m., has been moved up to Friday night, September 12 at 6:00 p.m. due to the approach of Hurricane Ike.
Northwestern Oklahoma State, 4:00 PM.
This will be their homecoming game.
Southwestern Assemblies of God, Texas, 2:00pm.
This will be senior night, and also the last home game of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19112140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112140" title="Grand Prix Charles-Leopold Mayer">
Grand Prix Charles-Leopold Mayer

The Grand Prix Charles-Léopold Mayer (Charles-Léopold Mayer Prize) is awarded annually by the Académie des Sciences (French Academy of Sciences) de l'Institut de France (the French Institute) to researchers who have performed outstanding work in the biological sciences; especially in the areas of cell or molecular biology. Citizens or residents of any nation are eligible for the prize, but it is never awarded to individuals of the same nation two years in a row, nor is the prize ever presented to scholars who are more than 65 years of age. Between the first presentation of the award in 1961 and the year 2009, there have been more than 60 laureates, eleven of whom subsequently received the Nobel Prize in medicine, physiology, or chemistry.

</doc>
<doc id="19112164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112164" title="L.C.P. di Pompei">
L.C.P. di Pompei

L.C.P. di Pompei, often known as Ditta Pompei simply as Pompei, is an Italian manufacturer of shoes, and other costume items, for film productions. Founded in 1932, it has primarily served Cinecittà film productions. In the 1960s, it manufactured classical foot gear for the numerous sword and sandal epics being made at Cinecittà. Since the 1970s, it has also been employed on large international film projects. Based in Rome, Pompei also has branches in Paris and London.
References.
L.C.P. di Pompei, page at imdb.

</doc>
<doc id="19112165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112165" title="Radhapur, Nepal">
Radhapur, Nepal

Radhapur is a Village Development Committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,228 and had 915 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112181" title="Rajhena">
Rajhena

Rajhena is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,593 and had 1265 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112182" title="Abraham Mar Julios">
Abraham Mar Julios

Dr. Abraham Mar Julios (born 25 May 1945) is the Metropolitan Bishop of the Eparchy of Muvattupuzha of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church. Abraham was born to late Varghese Kakkanattil in Padinjaremannil branch of Paramel family, Cherukole-Kozhenchery and Annamma Varghese in the village of Kalloopara, Thiruvalla. Having completed his school education, he joined the Infant Mary Minor Seminary, Thiruvalla in 1961. He completed his philosophical studies in St. Thomas Apostolic Seminary at Vadavathoor, Kottayam. He had his theological studies in Propaganda College, Rome. He was ordained priest by Metropolitan Zacharias Mar Athanasios. After his ordination, he served as parish priest of Mycavu and Ounjil in Kozhikkodu. From 1974 to 1979 Abraham Kakkanattu was the Procurator and the Director of the Social Service Society of the Eparchy of Tiruvalla. Meanwhile, he served as the vicar of the parishes of Thalavadi North and South. In 1978 he started Matha Senior Secondary School in Thumboly, Alleppey district.
In 1979 he was sent to Rome for doing higher studies in Bible and completed his Bachelor’s Degree from Biblical Institute of Rome. He also pursued a Diploma in Eastern Languages. He completed scriptural research from Pontifical Urbaniana University in Rome and secured a Doctorate in Biblical Theology. He also secured a Master’s Degree in Psychology from the University of Mysore. After the successful completion of his studies, Kakkanattu was appointed the Rector of St. Mary’s Malankara Major Seminary, Trivandrum. The construction of the new building for the seminary began during this time. He undertook journeys abroad and discussions and classes in the eparchies of Syro-Malankara Catholic Church with a view of gaining support for the construction of the Seminary.
From 1990 to 1997 he was the vicar of the St. John’s Cathedral, Tiruvalla and during this time he started St. John’s ITC in Tiruvalla. He had been the president of Horticulture Society, Tiruvalla for seven years. In 1997 he was appointed the vicar of Chengaroor parish and the corporate manager of the School Administration Board of the Eparchy of Tiruvalla. On 5 February 2001, he was appointed the Director of Pushpagiri Medical College, Thiruvalla. He who initiated the Nursing College, Pharmacy College, Dental College, Medicity, Pushpagiri Heart Institute, Cyril Baselios Catholicos Hospital, Primary Health Centers at Pulikunnu, Perumthuruthy and Champakulam, Guest Houses and other related institutions. He relentlessly fought for the constitutional rights of Self Financing Colleges and other Minority Institutions.
On 18 January 2008, he was appointed the Metropolitan Bishop of the Eparchy of Muvattupuzha. He was ordained Remban on 30 January 2008 at St. John’s Cathedral, Tiruvalla. Moran Mor Baselios Cleemis Catholicos ordained him Bishop on 9 February 2008 at the Cathedral of Muvattupuzha.

</doc>
<doc id="19112191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112191" title="Raniyapur">
Raniyapur

Raniyapur is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,949 and had 723 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112197" title="Denis McGrath">
Denis McGrath

Denis McGrath (b. Sept 21, 1972)' is a dual-citizen Canadian–American screenwriter and producer. Born in New York City, he currently resides and works in Toronto.
McGrath started his career as a TV producer at the educational network TVOntario. In 1993, he was hired by Moses Znaimer and went to work at Toronto's groundbreaking Citytv station. As a producer on the Gemini Award-winning MediaTelevision, McGrath made the program on the intersection of digital culture and marketing one of the first in Canada to maintain an email address. Between 1993 and 1997, he did over five hundred stories on the first wave of dot.com entrepreneurs and visionaries, interviewing new media luminaries such as John Perry Barlow, Bruce Sterling, Peter Gabriel, and Nicholas Negroponte, as well as authors and TV types from P. J. O'Rourke to Chris Carter.
In 1997, McGrath signed on as the first producer for , Canada's Sci-Fi channel. There, he pioneered several of the station's early program segments, including a recurring comedy segment called "Conspiracy Guy". He also created and hosted the show's late-night movie show, "Spacebar".
In late 2000, McGrath left Space: The Imagination Station to become a resident of the Canadian Film Centre's "Prime Time TV" program.
A graduate of Ryerson Polytechnic University, McGrath taught writing part time at his alma mater between 1994–2006.
He is currently a regular contributor to the CBC Radio program "Q" and was elected to the Writers Guild of Canada Governing Council in April 2008.
Television.
In April 2008, McGrath won a Canadian Screenwriting Award for Best Dramatic Writing for the series he co-created, "Across the River to Motor City".
On August 26, 2008, "Across the River to Motor City" received seven Gemini Award nominations. McGrath was nominated for Best Dramatic Writing in a Miniseries, along with Bob Wertheimer and Jocelyn Cornforth.
McGrath briefly worked as a story editor on the CTV series "Flashpoint", but left due to creative differences with the producers.
Theatre.
In 2002, on a lark, McGrath wrote the book and lyrics for a satirical musical based on the movie "Top Gun". "Top Gun! The Musical" became the highest grossing show in the history of the Toronto Fringe Festival. It was remounted in a successful commercial production at the Factory Theatre in June 2003, and was nominated for two Dora Mavor Moore Award for Best Musical and Best Leading Performance Male, Dmitry Chepovetsky. 
"Top Gun! The Musical" has received several productions, in Texas and Halifax, N.S. In 2004, the original cast and creative team, led by Director Colin Viebrock, producer Derrick Chua, and writers Denis McGrath and Scott White took the show to the inaugural New York Musical Festival.
McGrath has also written several other plays, including "Press'd, American Without Tears," and "Pavlov's Brother" (based on a "New Yorker" article by Andy Borowitz), co-written with "Flashpoint" co-creator Mark Ellis.
Selected TVography.
"Flight of the Storks (2012)
" (2011)
"Stargate Universe (2010)
"The Border" (2007–2008)
"Blood Ties" (2007)
"Across the River to Motor City"(2006)
"Rent-A-Goalie" (2006)
"Skyland" (2005)
"Charlie Jade" (2004)
Blog.
In August 2005, McGrath started a blog called "Dead Things on Sticks." Initially a personal screenwriting blog, the site soon morphed into a much-read daily discussion covering the Canadian Television industry. McGrath appeared on a TV critics' panel at the 2007 Banff Television Festival along with Entertainment Weekly's Gillian Flynn, Bill Carter of "the New York Times", and John Doyle, Television Critic for the "Globe & Mail".
In 2007, in an article criticizing the lack of discerning Canadian TV criticism, Doyle wrote that "McGrath's site is thoughtful, learned and provocative about creating Canadian TV."
"Dead Things on Sticks" ceased regular updating in June, 2010. The archive, including McGrath's most popular craft posts, remain online.

</doc>
<doc id="19112199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112199" title="Saigaun">
Saigaun

Saigaun is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,745 and had 857 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112237" title="Cheung Tat-ming">
Cheung Tat-ming

Cheung Tat-ming (張達明) (born 2 July 1964) is a Hong Kong actor, comedian, director and writer. Cheung married Ho Nim-chi in September 2001. Ms Ho is a doctor. They have a son and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19112245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112245" title="Showbusiness!">
Showbusiness!

Showbusiness! is a 1994 live album by anarchist punk band Chumbawamba. It was recorded on the 18 and 19 August 1994 at the Duchess of York in Leeds.
In response to threats from fascists who rang the venue to say they's turn up mob-handed and trash it "if Chumbawamba play", Leeds Anti-Fascist Action organised security. Fittingly, all the money from both concerts (around £1500) was given to AFA.
The album was issued in the USA as the "For A Free Humanity: For Anarchy" double CD, coupling "Showbusiness!" with Noam Chomsky's "Capital Rules".
Track listing.
All songs written and arranged by Chumbawamba.
Mobile studio and recording/engineering: Neil Ferguson

</doc>
<doc id="19112249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112249" title="Rimrunners (disambiguation)">
Rimrunners (disambiguation)

Rimrunners or variations thereof may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19112251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112251" title="Taxakeshwar">
Taxakeshwar

Taxakeshawar or Takhaji is a place of religious and historical importance in Mandsaur district in Madhya Pradesh. It is situated at a distance of 22 km from Bhanpura town on Hinglajgarh road. This is the site of serpent king taxak, where he is worshiped as Taxakeshawar but the local people call him Takhaji. Curiously enough he shares the worship of the country folk with Dhanvantri, the Indian Aesculapius. The shrine in question stands on a most romantic spot from village Navali situated on the table land at the foot of which Bhanpura lies.
There is a grand natural water pool full of many varieties of fish. The source of water in it is a hot water spring which falls from a height of about 200 feet. The river Takhali at a distance of about 10 km from Chambal River that flows to Jhalawar in Rajasthan falls into this water pool and forms the water fall. 
This place is probably the only site having a temple and a statue of nagaraja Taxak. Statue of Taxaka is shown with seven serpent hoods protecting from above. In one hand of Taxaka is shown a human head. On one side is shown his wife and his son on other side. The period of installing this statue is estimated to be 12th century.
A fair is organized on every purnima of baisakh month of Hindu Calendar.
In front of the statue of Taxaka is installed the statue of Dhanvantari. The main temple has also the statue of Shiva, considered as swami of Taxaka.
Mythological legend.
There is puranic mythological legend heard about nagaraja Taxaka and Dhanavantari in this part of Malwa region in Madhya Pradesh. Emperor Janamejaya ascended to the throne of Hastinapura upon the death of his father Parikshit. According to legend, Parikshit, the lone descendant of the House of Pandu, had died of snakebite. He had been cursed by a sage to die so, the curse having been consummated by the serpent-chieftain Takshak. Janamejaya bore a deep grudge against the serpents for this act, and thus decided to wipe them out altogether. He attempted this by performing a great Sarpa satra - a sacrifice at Nagda that would destroy all living serpents. All the nagas had been destroyed in this nagayagya except Taxaka, who is believed to have obtained boon from Lord Vishnu. Local tradition goes that Taxaka resides here in this place. 
On the other hand Dhanavantari along with his followers and medicines was going to save Parikshit. The Taxaka naga with the help of illusive powers took the form of wood-stick of chandan tree. When Dhanavantari took this wood-stick on his shoulder, the Taxaka bite him on back and Dhanvantari died. The local people believe that Dhanvantari stays here since that time as god of herbs and medicines. The local vaidyas first worship Dhanavantari here and then collect medicinal herbs for treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="19112252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112252" title="Jens Stub">
Jens Stub

Jens Stub (3 March 1764 – 24 October 1819) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
He was the son of district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") Johan Daniel Stub (1736–1802) and grandson of Lauritz Stub (1708-1774), both of whom served as judges in Bergen. He grew up in Eid in the county of Sogn og Fjordane, Norway. His brother was Gerhard Heiberg Stub (1781-1831), a merchant in Bergen. In August 1793 he married his cousin Gjertrud Helene Heiberg (1774–1852) in Talvik.
Jens Stub was a priest by education. He earned his degree in theology (Cand.theol.) in 1788. He was a Church of Norway priest in Alta to 1801 he was vicar on the island of Veøy in Romsdalsfjord.
Stub was a member of the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814 at which time he worked as dean in Romsdals Amt. He died in a boat accident in 1819 in Tresfjord, Møre og Romsdal.

</doc>
<doc id="19112260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112260" title="Clone Your Lover">
Clone Your Lover

Clone Your Lover is the first studio album of the Norwegian industrial rock band Zeromancer.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Kim Ljung.

</doc>
<doc id="19112268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112268" title="Nordafrost">
Nordafrost

Nordafrost is a German black/death metal band founded in 1996.
History.
In 2003 they released their sold out demo called "Dominus Frigoris" which was a success for the band. After being part of several compilations they signed a deal with the small German label Heavy Horses Records, which released their first full length album called "North Arise".
Nordafrost hit the stage all over Germany, and in 2006 they recorded new material for the picture "split 7" with the German black metal band Unlight.

</doc>
<doc id="19112272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112272" title="Samserganj">
Samserganj

Samserganj is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,880 and had 883 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112275" title="Ipsley Court">
Ipsley Court

Ipsley Court was a 16th-century country house, much altered in the 18th and 20th centuries, situated at Ipsley, once Warwickshire, now since 1931, Worcestershire. It currently comprises two disconnected wings, both Grade II listed buildings. which are in commercial use.
The Manor of Ipsley was held by the Huband family from Norman times. The house, originally comprising a central block and two wings to the north and south, was built for Sir John Huband Kt in the 16th century.
The estate was sold in 1724, following the death of Sir John Huband Bt.. The new owner, the Rector Rev. John Dobson demolished the central block leaving two unconnected wings. The south wing was used residentially, the north was converted to a stable block.
In the mid 18th century the property passed to Samuel Savage, whose nephew Walter Savage Landor later restored the buildings and added an apselike structure to the south wing.
The property was much altered and modernised when it was converted to commercial use in the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19112279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112279" title="Sitapur, Banke">
Sitapur, Banke

Sitapur is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,372 and had 780 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112283" title="Konzōji Station">
Konzōji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19112284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112284" title="Sonapur, Bheri">
Sonapur, Bheri

Sonapur is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,551 and had 1051 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112295" title="Titahiriya">
Titahiriya

Titahiriya is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,986 and had 970 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112300" title="Zentsūji Station">
Zentsūji Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19112304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112304" title="Udarapur">
Udarapur

Udarapur is a village development committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,347 and had 1173 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112307" title="Udayapur, Bheri">
Udayapur, Bheri

Udayapur is a Village Development Committee in Banke District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,301 and had 397 houses in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19112315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112315" title="Kotohira Station">
Kotohira Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku
 

</doc>
<doc id="19112334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112334" title="John McCann (Irish politician)">
John McCann (Irish politician)

John McCann (17 June 1905 – 23 February 1980) was an Irish politician, author and journalist. McCann stood unsuccessfully for election at the 1937 and 1938 general elections. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) at the Dublin South by-election held on 6 June 1939. The by-election was caused by the death of James Beckett of Fine Gael. McCann was re-elected at each general election until he lost his seat at the 1954 general election. He served as Lord Mayor of Dublin from 1947–48 and 1964–65.
He was the father of actor Donal McCann.

</doc>
<doc id="19112355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112355" title="Shioiri Station (Kagawa)">
Shioiri Station (Kagawa)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19112364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112364" title="Kurokawa Station (Kagawa)">
Kurokawa Station (Kagawa)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19112366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112366" title="Nicolai Niels Nielsen">
Nicolai Niels Nielsen

Nicolai Niels Nielsen (1777–1854) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
He was born in Funen, Denmark. He took his priest examination in Copenhagen in 1804, and worked as a teacher in Zealand. In 1807 he immigrated to Norway, becoming priest in Vardøe. In 1810 he moved to Holmedal in Sunnfjord. He was a member of the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly in 1814.
He was appointed priest in Eid in 1821, and dean in Borgund from 1835. While stationed in Eid, he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1830, representing the constituency of "Nordre Bergenhus Amt". His primary interest was education policy.

</doc>
<doc id="19112372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112372" title="Badalpur">
Badalpur

Badalpur is a village in Jaunpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, in Northern India. At the time of the 2001 census it had a population of 2,000 and included 250 houses.

</doc>
<doc id="19112379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112379" title="Sanuki-Saida Station">
Sanuki-Saida Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19112382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112382" title="Baganaha">
Baganaha

Baganaha is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,975 and had 1057 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112387" title="Tsubojiri Station">
Tsubojiri Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19112394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112394" title="Baniyabhar">
Baniyabhar

Baniyabhar is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,652 and had 1123 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112399" title="Hashikura Station">
Hashikura Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19112408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112408" title="Upshot-Knothole Dixie">
Upshot-Knothole Dixie

Upshot-Knothole Dixie was the fourth test-firing of Operation Upshot-Knothole, an atomic weapons test series conducted in 1953 by the United States at the Nevada Test Site.
Upshot-Knothole Dixie was an 11-kiloton airdrop shot which detonated at 6,000 feet altitude, the highest air burst detonation conducted to that date.

</doc>
<doc id="19112416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112416" title="Lisa Flanagan">
Lisa Flanagan

Lisa Flanagan is an Australian actress who is best known for her roles in the movies "Australian Rules" and "Look Both Ways" and the television series "Double Trouble". She has also appeared in guest roles on such television series as "All Saints" and "Redfern Now".

</doc>
<doc id="19112429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112429" title="Belawa">
Belawa

Belawa is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,894 and had 1558 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112431" title="DAPP">
DAPP

DAPP may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="19112436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112436" title="Bhimapur">
Bhimapur

Bhimapur is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,057 and had 1012 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112450" title="Lars Johannes Irgens">
Lars Johannes Irgens

Lars Johannes Irgens (9 October 1775 – 22 April 1830) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
He was born in Hof in Solør. He graduated as cand.jur. in 1802, and was appointed district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") in Sogn the same year. He was a member of the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly in 1814.
He is the father of later government minister Nils Christian Irgens.

</doc>
<doc id="19112461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112461" title="McLean Boulevard">
McLean Boulevard

McLean Boulevard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19112464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112464" title="Upshot-Knothole Harry">
Upshot-Knothole Harry

Upshot-Knothole Harry was a nuclear weapons test conducted by the United States as part of Operation Upshot-Knothole. It took place on May 19, 1953 in Yucca Flat, in the Nevada Test Site.<ref name="DOE/NV-209"/>
The test device, codenamed "Hamlet", was detonated atop a 300 foot tower.
The Harry test released an unusually large amount of fallout (the highest of any test in the continental U.S.), much of which later accumulated in the vicinity of St. George, Utah. Because of this, the shot would become known as "Dirty Harry" in the press when details were released publicly. It would be among the most controversial of the U.S. nuclear weapon tests.

</doc>
<doc id="19112467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112467" title="Daulatpur, Bheri">
Daulatpur, Bheri

Daulatpur is a Village Development Committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,888 and had 681 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112477" title="Deudakala">
Deudakala

Deudakala is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11,625 and had 1740 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112479" title="Adolf Zsigmondy">
Adolf Zsigmondy

Adolf Zsigmondy, aka Adolph Zsigmondy (April 24, 1816, Pozsony (), Kingdom of Hungary - June 23, 1880) was a dentist of Hungarian origin who lived in Vienna. It was he who conceived the idea of charting teeth on the Zsigmondy-cross (called after him). This is the basis of the presently used marking method recommended by the FDI.
He was also the first to describe the contact and wear of the approximal side of the teeth. He continued to develop the cohesive gold fillings.
His eldest son, Ottó Zsigmondy, was also a dentist. His more limited professional field of research was the preserving dentistry. He used sodium-superoxide for widening the root canal and he made permanent fillings of black hard gutta percha. On the basis of observations carried out on himself he described the two-phase or temporal mastication called after him. He was also much engaged with professional politics, in his publications he strove for recognition of dentistry as an organic part of medical science.
Adolf Zsigmondy's second son, Emil Zsigmondy, was a physician. Both Ottó and Emil Zsigmondy were well-known mountaineers; they took part in the first climb of the Meije by the east arête in July 1885, but Emil was killed on another attempted climb of the Meije the following month. Adolf Zsigmondy's third son, Richard Adolf Zsigmondy, won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1925. His fourth son, Karl Zsigmondy, was a mathematician; Zsigmondy's theorem is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19112485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112485" title="Dhadhawar">
Dhadhawar

Dhadhawar is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,693 and had 1741 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112497" title="Brian Fahey (ice hockey)">
Brian Fahey (ice hockey)

Brian Fahey (born March 2, 1981) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).
Playing career.
Fahey was drafted 199th overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft by the Colorado Avalanche. Fahey played collegiate hockey with the University of Wisconsin in the WCHA. Fahey, an USNTDP product, was named in the WCHA All-Rookie team in 2000. Following his senior year in 2002–03, and unsigned from the Avalanche, Fahey made his professional debut in the 2003–04 season primarily in the ECHL with the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bullies. 
After brief call-ups to the Worcester IceCats of the AHL during the next two-seasons, Fahey was invited to the Dallas Stars training camp for the 2005–06 season. Fahey was then signed to a one year contract with the Stars on September 20, 2005. Brian was then assigned to Stars affiliate, the Iowa Stars for the season. 
On August 31, 2006, Fahey was signed by the Chicago Wolves of the AHL. After his first season with the Wolves in the 2006–07, he was awarded the "Tim Breslin Unsung Hero Award" - Given annually to the Wolves player who best typifies the on-ice spirit and team-first attitude of Tim Breslin. In the 2007–08 season, Fahey was a part of the Wolves Calder Cup Championship team, scoring 10 points in 24 playoff contests. 
Fahey signed with the New York Rangers to a two-year contract on July 18, 2008. Fahey, now an established AHL veteran, scored 24 points in 66 games with the Hartford Wolf Pack in the 2008–09 season.
On July 16, 2009, Fahey was traded by the Rangers to his original draft team, the Colorado Avalanche, for Nigel Williams. He was assigned to Avalanche AHL affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters, to begin the 2009–10 season. On November 27, 2009, Fahey finally received his first NHL recall, however despite training with the team for two weeks and over a duration of 9 games, he never made his debut with the Avalanche. Brian finished the season leading Lake Erie with 11 goals in 71 games. 
On July 7, 2010, Fahey returned to the Hershey Bears signing a one-year two-way contract with the Washington Capitals organization for the 2010–11 season. As a final cut from the Capitals training camp, Fahey reported to Hershey as a veteran leader to begin the season. After two games with the Bears, and with the Capitals suffering early injury ailments, he made his long awaited NHL debut against the Nashville Predators in a 3-2 overtime win on October 16, 2010.
On August 31, 2011, Fahey signed an AHL contract with the Rockford IceHogs, the Chicago Blackhawks' top AHL affiliate, for the 2011–12 season.
On July 17, 2012, Fahey left North America and signed his first contract abroad on a one-year deal with Vityaz Chekhov of the Russian Kontinental Hockey League. During the 2012–13 season, Fahey integrated himself as a mainstay on the blueline for Vityaz, scoring 5 goals and 15 points in 52 games.
On August 14, 2013, Fahey moved to European club, EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League, on a one-year deal. 

</doc>
<doc id="19112501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112501" title="Theodore Cook">
Theodore Cook

Theodore Cook may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19112502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112502" title="Michael Roll">
Michael Roll

Michael Roll may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19112504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112504" title="Dhodhari">
Dhodhari

Dhodhari is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,568 and had 1810 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112507" title="Love Undercover">
Love Undercover

Love Undercover (新紮師妹) is a 2002 Hong Kong film directed by Joe Ma Wai-Ho.
The film was followed by two sequels, also directed by Joe Ma: "" (2003) and "Love Undercover 3" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="19112517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112517" title="Gola, Nepal">
Gola, Nepal

Gola, Nepal is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,340 and had 694 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112521" title="1969 Buenos Aires tennis tournament – Singles">
1969 Buenos Aires tennis tournament – Singles

François Jauffret defeated Željko Franulović 3-6, 6-2, 6-4, 6-3 to win the 1969 Buenos Aires tennis tournament singles competition. Roy Emerson was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="19112530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112530" title="Jamuni">
Jamuni

Jamuni is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal on the border with India. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,584 and had 1648 houses in the town.
Jamuni might also refer to the color purple in Hindi.

</doc>
<doc id="19112531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112531" title="Route 22 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 22 (MTA Maryland)

Route 22 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore. The line currently operates between the Mondawmin Metro Subway Station and Bayview Medical Center, serving Television Hill, the Woodberry Light Rail Stop), Hampden, The Rotunda, Homewood, Johns Hopkins University, Waverly, Belair-Edison, and Highlandtown.
Part of the route is the successor to the No. 34 streetcar and bus line.
History.
In 1907, the no. 34 streetcar started operating, known then as the Highlandtown Short Line. It operated until 1950, when it was converted in a bus route.
Route 22 started operating in 1947 as the successor to Bus Route S, which operated along a similar route starting in 1937.
In 1971, selected trips were extended through Southwest Baltimore along a route similar to today's Route 16. This service operated to Brooklyn, serving Rosemont, Lutheran Hospital, and the corridor of Hilton Street, Caton Avenue, and Patapsco Avenue.
In 1975, Route 22 was modified to absorb parts of Routes 34 and 57.
In January 2001, service between Mondawmin and Brooklyn was split into a separate line identified as Route 16 in order to simplify an improve the reliability of service. The frequency of Route 16 would be increased later during the decade.
In 2006, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, the frequency of service on Route 22 was nearly doubled at most times to provide improved crosstown service, though the route of the line was not changed.
In popular culture.
In the novel The Reappearance of Sam Webber By Jonathon Scott Fuqua, the narrator describes throughout the book catching the bus (not identified in the book as no. 22) to various points along Route 22. 
Part of the route of Route 22 is described in Journeys to the heart of Baltimore By Michael Olesker, in reference to where various ethnic groups board and depart, though the number 22 is not mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="19112541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112541" title="Route 55 (MTA Maryland)">
Route 55 (MTA Maryland)

Route 55 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore and its suburbs. The line currently runs from Towson to Fox Ridge, serving Parkville, Overlea, Rosedale, and Essex, and the Essex campus of the Community College of Baltimore County (formerly Essex Community College).
History.
Route 55 started operating in 1973 between Overlea and Towson, with branches via Joppa Road and Taylor Avenue, and to Hunt Valley. A year later, as the Route 9 was introduced, the Hunt Valley service on this line was truncated to Towson.
In 1977, Route 55 was combined with Route 2, which had operated limited service between Overlea and Fox Ridge. For the next 20 years, the line operated from the Towson area to Franklin Square Hospital, with selected trips, mostly during rush hour, continuing to Fox Ridge. Express trips to the Essex area from Towson were also introduced, but were eliminated in 1992.
In 1997, all trips were extended to Fox Ridge.
In 1998, two daily trips which operated via Taylor Avenue through Parkville were discontinued.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, it was proposed that Route 55 would operated every 30 minutes versus the previous 40, and Sunday service would be introduced. No routing changes were planned initially to Route 55. But this plan was later delayed due to public outcry over changes to other routes.
In 2006, under a revision, MTA made plans for Route 55 to loop at the Towson Courthouse rather than GBMC, and for service on the remainder of the route to be provided on other lines. This plan was not implemented immediately. But on October 8, 2006, Sunday service was introduced, reflecting this new routing.
On February 17, 2008, these changes were implemented seven days a week, despite public outcry over transfers that would be required to reach Towson University and area hospitals.
In popular culture.
In the novel Angel by Alexis James, a no. 55 bus is involved in an accident.

</doc>
<doc id="19112551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112551" title="Frenchman Flat">
Frenchman Flat

Frenchman Flat is a hydrographic basin in the Nevada National Security Site south of Yucca Flat and north of Mercury, Nevada. The flat was used as an American nuclear test site and has a dry lake bed (Frenchman Lake) that was used as a 1950s airstrip before it was chosen after the start of the Korean War for the Nevada Proving Grounds. Nellis Air Force Base land was transferred to the Atomic Energy Commission on which Site Mercury was constructed on the flat for supporting American nuclear explosive tests. The 1951 Operation Ranger "Able" test (ground zero at UTM Coordinates 923758 on the flat) was the first continental US nuclear detonation after the 1945 Trinity test, and Frenchman Flat also had the only detonation of an American artillery-fired nuclear projectile in the 1953 Upshot-Knothole Grable test using the M65 Atomic Cannon. 
Area 5.
Area 5 consists of of the southeastern portion of NTS, north of the town of Mercury, and includes the Area 5 Radioactive Waste Management Site, the Hazardous Waste Storage Unit, and the Spill Test Facility. In the decade 1951–1962, 14 above ground nuclear tests were conducted at Frenchman Flat; several of these atmospheric tests were weapons effects tests. A relatively modest 8-kiloton blast in January 1951 broke storefront windows in Las Vegas.
Tests to determine building damage by nuclear blast left remains at the site, remains that are of historical interest. Five underground nuclear weapons were detonated at Frenchman Flat between 1965 and 1968. A carbonate aquifer makes Area 5 not as well suited to underground testing, so there were fewer detonations carried out.
Waste management.
The Area 5 Radioactive Waste Management Site covers , a section of desert land used for low-level waste disposal. Mixed waste, including transuranic mixed waste, is stored.
Nonproliferation Test and Evaluation Complex.
The Nonproliferation Test and Evaluation Complex (NPTEC), formerly called the Hazardous Material (HAZMAT) Spill Center, is located on Frenchman Flat in Area 5, a natural geological basin. It is the world's largest facility for open-air testing of hazardous materials and biological simulants. It includes a control building with data acquisition and recording instruments, a command and control computer, and support personnel. The test area has a tank farm, a wind tunnel, elevated stacks and spill pans, and storage tanks for the test chemicals. The facility houses both large-scale and small-scale hazardous materials testing and training. It provides a secure test-bed, calibrated release systems, weather data, ground truth instrumentation, and logistics in field verification and validation of technology.
Area 11.
Area 11 covers of the eastern border of NTS. Four atmospheric plutonium-dispersal safety tests were conducted in the northern portion of Area 11 in 1954 and 1956. Hazardous residues from these tests continue to provide a realistic environment for safety training, radiological monitoring, sampling instruction and first-responder drills. Five underground nuclear weapons were detonated in Area 11 from 1966 to 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19112552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112552" title="Kalika, Bardiya">
Kalika, Bardiya

Kalika is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,547 and had 1305 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112563" title="Khairapur">
Khairapur

Khairapur is a town in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,568 and had 1192 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112581" title="Janco Dada Museum">
Janco Dada Museum

The Janco Dada Museum is located in Ein Hod, Israel. It is a museum that exhibits the work of Marcel Janco as well as art from the Dada movement and contemporary art too. The museum was established in 1983, by a group of Marcel Janco's friends, with the purpose of conserving the works and ideas of the sole Dadaist living in Israel.
Marcel Janco thought of Ein Hod as the right place for a museum. He conceived the idea of establishing the artists' village, and invited in the first group of founders in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19112618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112618" title="Khairi Chandanpur">
Khairi Chandanpur

Khairi Chandanpur is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,303 and had 656 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112622" title="Toghtekin">
Toghtekin

Zahir ad-Din Toghtekin (also Tughtigin or Toghtekin) (Tr: Tuğtekin) () (died February 12, 1128) was a Turkic military leader, who was atabeg of Damascus from 1104 to 1128. He was the founder of the Burid dynasty of Damascus.
Biography.
Zahir ad-Din Toghtekin was a junior officer to Tutush I, Seljuq ruler of Damascus and Syria. After the former's death in 1095, civil war erupted, and Toghtekin supported Tutush's son Duqaq as emir of the city against Radwan, the emir of Aleppo. In the chaotic years which ensued Toghtekin was sent to reconquer the town of Jebleh, which had rebelled against the "qadi" of Tripoli, but he was unable to accomplish his task.
On October 21, 1097, a Crusader army appeared at the gates of Antioch. The local emir, Yaghi-Siyan, though nominally under Radwan's suzerainty, appealed to Duqaq to send an armed force to their rescue. Duqaq sent Toghtekin, but on December 31, 1097, he was defeated by Bohemund of Taranto and Robert II of Flanders, and was forced to retreat. Another relief attempt was made by a joint force under Kerbogha, the emir of Mosul, and Toghtekin, which was also crushed by the Crusaders on June 28, 1098.
When the Crusaders moved southwards from the newly conquered Antioch, the qadi of Jebleh sold his town to Duqaq, who installed Toghtekin's son, Taj al-Muluk Buri, as its ruler. His tyrannical rule, however, led to his quick downfall. In 1103 Toghtekin was sent by Duqaq to take possession of Homs at the request of its inhabitants, after the emir Janah al-Dawla had been assassinated by order of Radwan.
The following year Duqaq died and Toghtekin, now acting as regent and "de facto" ruler, had the former's junior son Tutush II proclaimed emir, while he married Duqaq's widow and reserved for himself the title of atabeg. After deposing Tutush II he had another son of Duqaq, Baqtash, named emir, but soon afterward he had him exiled. Baqtash, with the support of Aitekin, the sahib of Bosra, tried to reconquer Damascus, but was pushed back by Toghtekin and forced to find help at the court of King Baldwin I of Jerusalem.
Around 1106 Toghtekin intervened to momentarily raise the siege of Tripoli by the Crusaders, but could not prevent the definitive capture of the city. In May 1108 he was able to defeat a small Christian force under Gervaise of Bazoches, lord of Galilee; Gervaise was proposed to be freed in exchange for his possession, but he refused and was executed. In April 1110 Toghtekin besieged and captured Baalbek and named his son Buri as governor.
Late in November 1111, the town of Tyre, which was besieged by Baldwin's troops, put itself under Toghtekin's protection. Toghtekin, supported by Fatimid forces, intervened, forcing the Franks to raise the siege on April 10, 1112; however, he refused to take part in the anti-Crusade effort launched by Mawdud of Mosul, fearing that the latter could take advantage of it to gain rule over the whole of Syria.
Nonetheless, in 1113 the two Muslim commanders allied in reply to the ravages of Baldwin of Jerusalem and Tancred of Hauteville. Their army besieged Tiberias, but they were unable to conquer it despite a sound victory at the Battle of Al-Sannabra, and they were forced to retreat to Damascus when Christian reinforcements arrived and supplies began to run out.
During his sojourn in the city, Mawdud was killed by the Hashshashin (October 2, 1113); the inhabitants accused Toghtekin of the deed. In 1114 he signed an alliance against the Franks with the new emir of Aleppo, Alp Arslan, but the latter was also assassinated a short time later.
In 1115 Toghtekin decided to ally himself with the Kingdom of Jerusalem against the Seljuq general Aq Sonqor Bursuqi, who had been sent by the Seljuq sultan to fight the Crusaders. The following year, judging the Franks too powerful, he visited Baghdad to obtain a pardon from the sultan, though never forgetting to remain independent himself between the two main forces.
Allied with Ilghazi of Aleppo, he attacked Athareb in the Christian Principality of Antioch, but was defeated at Hab on August 14, 1119. In the June of the following year he sent help to Ilghazi, who was again under peril of annihilation in the same place. In 1122 the Fatimids, no longer able to defend Tyre, sold it to Toghtekin, who installed a garrison there, but the garrison was unable to prevent its capture by the Christians on July 7, 1124.
In 1125, Bursuqi, now in control of Aleppo, appeared in the Antiochean territory with a large army which Toghtekin joined; however, the two were defeated at the Battle of Azaz on June 11, 1125. The following January Toghtekin also had to repel an invasion by Baldwin II of Jerusalem. In late 1126 he again invaded the Principality of Antioch with Bursuqi, but again with no results.
Toghtekin died in 1128. He was succeeded by his son Buri.
In the Old French cycle of crusade "chansons", Toghtekin is known as "Dodequin".
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19112628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112628" title="ELMO3">
ELMO3

Engulfment and cell motility 3, also known as ELMO3, is a human gene.
The protein encoded by this gene is similar to a "C. elegans" protein that functions in phagocytosis of apoptotic cells and in cell migration. Other members of this small family of engulfment and cell motility (ELMO) proteins have been shown to interact with the dedicator of cyto-kinesis 1 (DOCK1) protein to promote phagocytosis and effect cell shape changes.

</doc>
<doc id="19112637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112637" title="Magaragadi">
Magaragadi

Magaragadi is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 13,327 and had 1741 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112642" title="Beijing Rocks">
Beijing Rocks

Beijing Rocks (北京樂與路) is a 2001 Hong Kong film directed by award-winning director Mabel Cheung about the rock and roll music scene in Beijing. Starring Shu Qi and Daniel Wu, it was nominated for five Hong Kong Film Awards including Best Picture and Best Cinematography.

</doc>
<doc id="19112644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112644" title="Tsukuda Station (Tokushima)">
Tsukuda Station (Tokushima)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR Shikoku

</doc>
<doc id="19112646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112646" title="James Beckett (politician)">
James Beckett (politician)

James Walter Beckett (died 19 December 1938) was an Irish politician. Beckett was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency at the June 1927 general election. He was re-elected at each general election until he lost his seat at the 1937 general election. He regained his seat at the 1938 general election in June but died in December 1938. The by-election caused by his death was held on 6 June 1939 and was won by John McCann of Fianna Fáil.

</doc>
<doc id="19112647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112647" title="Alliance marketing">
Alliance marketing

Alliance marketing is marketing activity undertaken by more than one entity, jointly to promote and sell a concept, product or service which has benefit to all the stakeholders.
An example of alliance marketing is a Destination Alliance where hotels, restaurants and attractions come together to jointly fund and market their destination. The stakeholders understand that by marketing their destination jointly and pooling their resources that the marketing impact they can achieve will be stronger and benighted all stakeholders in that location.
Other examples can be found on Zednet.co.uk who list a number of articles which give further insight into the types of alliances which are created.
Alliance Marketing is similar to Joint Venture Marketing except it does not always involve the creation of a company and brand in its own right to sell and market the product or service.
Alliance marketing is also used where a group of companies often in new technology areas come together to sell the technology concept. An alliance will always have a common theme which all stakeholders can benefit from.

</doc>
<doc id="19112650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112650" title="Ocellated pipefish">
Ocellated pipefish

"Corythoichthys ocellatus" is a marine pipefish found in the Western Pacific Ocean. English common names include Ocellated pipefish, and Orange-spotted pipefish. Belonging to the family Syngnathidae, it grows up to 10 cm long, and is found in the first 12m of the warm tropical seas off the coast of Australia.
Ovoviviparous, the male carries the eggs in a brood pouch which is found under the tail.

</doc>
<doc id="19112673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112673" title="Ed Baines">
Ed Baines

Edward "Ed" Baines is an English chef best known for being a judge on "Britain's Best Dish" and for being an alternate chef on "Sunday Feast" with Paul Merrett. He trained in The River Café in London and his flagship restaurant is Randall & Aubin.
Television.
Baines' previous shows have included his first TV series "Lunch with Ed Baines", which aired on Carlton Food Network and had him cooking for and then lunching with his famous friends at Randall & Aubin.
In 1999, he presented a six-part television series on ITV called "Ed Baines Entertains", filmed at Randall & Aubin. He recorded two further series, which were broadcast during 2000 and 2001. He has also appeared as one of the chefs for the BBC daytime lifestyle show Housecall.
Baines filmed Cupid's Dinners for broadcast on UKTV Food and was one of the resident chefs on "Great Food Live". He has regularly appeared on programmes for Granada Livetime, Central Television and Carlton Food Network and has featured on Superchefs. In December 2002 he was seen every weekday on Channel 5 from 2-20 December presenting "Countdown to Christmas". He had his own series, "Chefs at Sea" for UKTV Food and appeared on the "Terry & Gaby". In 2005 he has also appeared on "Ready Steady Cook" and "Taste" on the Sky network. 2006 saw Baines co-present the ITV Food programme "Sunday Feast".
Restaurants.
After a two-year apprenticeship with Anton Mosimann at The Dorchester, Baines returned home to cook at Bibendum and the River Café. At 25 years of age, Baines was contracted by Mogens Tholstrup to open Daphne's in South Kensington, where he remained as Head Chef for three years.
Books.
"Entertain" (2001) - Published by Kyle Cathie<br>
"Best of British" (2009) - Published by Kyle Cathie.

</doc>
<doc id="19112698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112698" title="Leslie Jones (editor)">
Leslie Jones (editor)

Leslie Jones is an American film editor with more than a dozen film credits and nominations for several major film editing awards.
Career.
Jones is the daughter of the film editor Robert C. Jones and the granddaughter of the editor Harmon Jones, each of whom has been nominated for an Academy Award for editing. Early in her career, Jones was the assistant editor for her father on two films ("See No Evil, Hear No Evil" (1989), "The Babe" (1992)). She had several editing credits in the early 1990s for independent films and documentaries, and was the associate editor (with editor Billy Weber) on "Grumpier Old Men" (1995). Her first editing credit on a major studio film was for "Murder at 1600" (1997), which she co-edited with Weber.
Jones and her co-editors Billy Weber and Saar Klein were widely recognized for their work on "The Thin Red Line" (directed by Terrence Malick- 1998). They were nominated for an Academy Award, an American Cinema Editors Award (Eddie), and a Satellite Award. Jones was again nominated for an Eddie for her work on "Punch-Drunk Love" (directed by Paul Thomas Anderson - 2002).
Filmography (as editor).
The director of each film is indicated in parenthesis; the list is based on the entry at the Internet Movie Database.

</doc>
<doc id="19112701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112701" title="Jamie Brooks">
Jamie Brooks

Jamie Brooks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19112710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112710" title="Jamie Brooks (pianist)">
Jamie Brooks (pianist)

Jamie Brooks (born 8 July 1983, Coventry, England) is an English pianist, keyboard player and composer/arranger.
Biography.
Brooks was classically trained from the age of five, but developed an interest in rock, jazz, funk and pop in his teens and started playing in local bands. Following A levels centred around classical music, he went to Anglia Ruskin University in Cambridge and studied a combined BA degree in Music and Creative Music Technology followed by an MA in Music Performance.
Performances.
Brooks has toured and recorded with numerous bands in styles from ska, through rock and blues, to disco and funk including The Soul Patrol and the London-based prog/metal/fusion band Linear Sphere and well as touring keyboard roles with The Neville Staple Band and Behind Bars. He has also toured with ex- The Enid founders, Francis Lickerish and William Gilmour on the Secret Green project and Ed Rome and the Connectors.
Brooks performs with his jazz trio (The Jamie Brooks Trio) and a number of successful solo piano recitals including Mussorgsky's Pictures At An Exhibition and a programme of Argentinian music including his own piano transcription of Ástor Piazzolla's Libertango.
In 2007, he composed the score for an independent short film - A Fistful ‘O Fishfingers – as well as playing piano in successful productions of ‘West End Story’ and ‘Anything Goes’ and was soloist with the Anglia Chamber Ensemble for Gershwin's 'Rhapsody in Blue'.". He also performed a programme of music for violin and piano by Charles Camilleri, Ástor Piazzolla, Pablo de Sarasate.". and with Simon Fell on Composition No.62.".
2009 saw Brooks' debut with Nottingham Symphony Orchestra at the Albert Hall, with a performance of George Gershwin's Piano Concerto in F under Derek Williams' direction". He also played keyboards for productions of Cats (musical), Les Misérables (musical) and Fame (musical).
During 2010, Brooks recorded extensively with Drum and bass producer DJ Peshey and performed live concerts with progressive rock/metal band Aeon Zen as well as taking the role of Music Director for Fame (musical).
He lives in Cambridge, England and is an in-demand performer and accompanist for both music and dance".

</doc>
<doc id="19112711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112711" title="Mahamadpur, Bheri">
Mahamadpur, Bheri

Mahamadpur is a Village Development Committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,191 and had 1152 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112714" title="Živan Ljukovčan">
Živan Ljukovčan

Živan Ljukovčan (Serbian Cyrillic: Живан Љуковчан ; born 24 July 1954) is a retired Serbian football goalkeeper who played most of his career in Yugoslavia and Turkey.
He won four caps for Yugoslavia.
Currently he is a goalkeeper coach of Red Star Belgrade youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19112715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112715" title="Manau, Nepal">
Manau, Nepal

Manau is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,741 and had 833 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112724" title="Manpur Mainapokhar">
Manpur Mainapokhar

Manpur Mainapokhar is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,841 and had 951 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112729" title="Manpur Tapara">
Manpur Tapara

Manpur Tapara is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. It is almost at the centre of river island called Bhawara Tappu of Karnali River. Badalpur village development committee (VDC) lies north of Manpur Tapara. Manau VDC lies northeast, Khairi Chandanpur VDC lies east and southeast, Bhimapur VDC lies south and southwest and Rajapur VDC lies west of Manpur Tapara. Although Manpur Tapara VDC does not touch international border between Nepal and India, it lies just half a kilometer north of International Border at Ishworiganj in Bhimapur VDC. Manpur Tapara is a plain fertile land in the western part of Bardiya district. It is an agricultural land with well-developed irrigational system. Almost all part of the VDC is connected with agricultural canals. More than 2500 hectors of the land can be irrigated with these canals. These sophisticated irrigational canals were developed by Tharu people in the past using simple tools. The main source of water in these canals come from Maila Nala, which itself is a branch of Geruwa branch of Karnali river. Rice, Wheat, Maize, Mustard and lentils are the major crops cultivated in Manpur Tapara.
Karnali river brings heavy sediments during Monsoon season and deposites in the canal beds and the field every year. Every year more than 2500 farmers contribute their muscle power to dig and clear the sediment deposits in the canal bed. Previously, it used to be a more than 2 months work to control the amount of water coming into Maila Nala from Geruwa. Every year earthen dam used to be reconstructed or repaired. Material used in the dam were, non compacted slab of soil called chapari or chyapa, branches of trees and cobbles and boulders. Thanks to the Rajapur Irrigation Project which constructed concrete dams. It also constructed many aqueducts, head and cross regulaters and off-sets at different locations in the canal system.
Manpur Tapara used to be covered with agricultural land some forest and it had a small population of indigenous Tharu people just 50 years back. During the late 1940s and 1950s more Tharu people migrated from Dang valley and Deukhuri vally in the east. These people speak their own language which is called Tharu language. Their culture is unique and it is different from pahadiya people. Before 45 years, it had a very less population of Pahadi people. At present, there is a significant number of Pahadi population. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,387 and had 842 houses in the town. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics, Nepal, in 2001 it had a total population of 9495 in which male population of 4738 and female population of 4757. Total number of households were 1307.
List of villages in Manpur Tapara are
Tapara, Mahuwa, Kunia, Mahadeuli, Sohali (Soili), Kohali (Koili), Puraina, Ostajpur, Bhokpur, Saduwa, Jamunabojhi, Banjaritanda, Bikrampur, Shreepur, Udaypur, Jogipur

</doc>
<doc id="19112737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112737" title="Mathurahardwar">
Mathurahardwar

Mathurahardwar is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,064 and had 1405 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112738" title="Glossary of fishery terms">
Glossary of fishery terms

This is a glossary of terms used in fisheries, fisheries management and fisheries science. 
I.
Summary of 2006 IUCN Red List categories.

</doc>
<doc id="19112739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112739" title="Alyssa (disambiguation)">
Alyssa (disambiguation)

Alyssa is a female given name.
Alyssa may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19112744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112744" title="Motipur, Nepal">
Motipur, Nepal

Motipur is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 14,760 and had 2151 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112778" title="Naya Gaun, Bheri">
Naya Gaun, Bheri

Naya Gaun is a Village Development Committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,741 and had 544 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112783" title="The Volunteer (canal boat)">
The Volunteer (canal boat)

The Volunteer is a 76-foot replica of a 19th-century canal boat which is owned and operated by the Canal Corridor Association. "The Volunteer" operates on a restored section of the Illinois and Michigan Canal at LaSalle, Illinois, USA.
Construction.
The boat was built in Albany, New York, by Scarano Boat Builders at a cost of $993,840. "The Volunteer" was designed to resemble an original canal boat; however, the hull of "The Volunteer" is constructed out of aluminum and the upper portion is built of rot resistant white cedar. The use of these non-traditional materials was intended to help make the boat easy to maintain and increase the vessel's life.
The boat ride.
"The Volunteer" takes up to 70 passengers on hour-long round trip journeys on a restored segment of the 96 mile Illinois and Michigan Canal. While headed east from its dock at Lock 14, "The Volunteer" is pulled by one of two mules named "Moe" and "Larry" that walk along the adjacent towpath. The captain steers the boat by hand with the large wooden rudder at the back of the boat. Along the way an interpreter, dressed in period clothing, explains to passengers the history of the canal and what travel was like in the year 1848. Once the boat reaches the Little Vermilion River aqueduct, the mules are detached and the boat reverses using its twin 4-horsepower electric motors.

</doc>
<doc id="19112785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112785" title="Neulapur">
Neulapur

Neulapur is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,194 and had 1053 houses in the town.
Media.
To Promote local culture Neulapur has one FM radio station Phoolbari FM - 107.3 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19112796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112796" title="Padanaha">
Padanaha

Padanaha is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,186 and had 888 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112798" title="Christian Andreas Irgens">
Christian Andreas Irgens

Christian Andreas Irgens (6 July 1833 - 15 April 1915) was a Norwegian politician.
He was born in Bergen as the son of Johan Daniel Stub Irgens and Susanne Cathrine Møller. Through his father he was a distant relative of constitutional founding father Jens Stub.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1895, representing the rural constituency "Søndre Bergenhus Amt" (today named Hordaland). At that time he worked as a businessman outside of Bergen. He had been a deputy representative in 1874–1878.
Irgens married twice. He died in 1915 in Fjøsanger.

</doc>
<doc id="19112799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112799" title="Pasupatinagar">
Pasupatinagar

Pasupatinagar is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,766 and had 613 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112804" title="Charles William Bardeen">
Charles William Bardeen

Charles William Bardeen (1847 – 1924) was an American educator and publisher. He devoted his career to improve the education system of the United States. He was the father of Charles Russell Bardeen and grandfather of two-time Nobel Prize winning physicist John Bardeen. He was referred to as C.W. by the later generations of Bardeens.
Early life.
C.W. was born in 1847 in Groton, Massachusetts to an abolitionist family. He left school at the age of fourteen to enlist in the Northern Army in the American Civil War, where he signed up as a drummer boy. He was a poor drummer and because of that, he spent the Civil War as a fifer. After the end of the Civil War, he worked his way through Yale University, and graduated from Yale in 1869.
Career.
After completing his graduation, C.W. found employment as a vice-principal and teacher, and held several positions as school principal, superintendent, and college English professor until 1873. His son Charles R. Bardeen was born in Kalamazoo, Michigan in 1871. C.W. moved his family to Syracuse, New York in 1874. He established his own publishing company, School Bulletin Publications, that year. He became managing editor of the "School Bulletin" in 1874 and retained that position for almost fifty years. The magazine became a forum for expressing his strong views on the importance of quality education. In the 1880s and 1890s, C.W. made a number of trips to Europe and northern Africa, and he wrote up his travel adventures for the "Bulletin".
C.W. took positions of national leadership in the National Education Association and the Educational Press Association of America. He was invited for membership the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Geographical Society, and the American Social Science Association.
Later life.
In later years, C.W. frequently exchanged letters with his son, Charles R. Bardeen, in which they discussed issues about education, work, and life in general. He also filtered his experience and ideas with his grandchildren. C.W. sent "A Little Fifer’s War Diary", an autobiographical memoir about his experiences during the American Civil War, to John Bardeen for his tenth birthday. C.W. died in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19112805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112805" title="Burma–France relations">
Burma–France relations

France-Burma relations refers to interstate relations of Burma and France. Relations began in the early 18th century, as the French East India Company was attempting to extend its influence into Southeast Asia. France became involved upon the building of a shipyard in 1729 in the city of Syriam. The 1740 revolt of the Mon against Burmese rule however forced the French to depart in 1742. They were able to return to Siam in 1751 when the Mon requested French assistance against the Burmese. A French envoy, Sieur de Bruno was sent to evaluate the situation and help in the defense against the Burmese. French warships were sent to support the Mon rebellion, but in vain. In 1756, the Burmese under Alaungpaya vanquished the Mon. Many French were captured and incorporated into the Burmese Army as an elite gunner corps, under Chevalier Milard. In 1769, official contacts resume when a trade treaty was signed between king Hsinbyushin and the French East India Company.
Soon however, France became embroiled in the French revolution and Napoleonic wars, giving way to overwhelming British influence in Burma. French contacts with Burma, effectively a British colony, would become almost non-existent, while from the second half of the 19th century France would concentrate in the establishment of French Indochina and the conflicts with China leading to the Sino-French war.
French shipyard in Syriam (1729–1742).
The Governor-General of French India Joseph François Dupleix had started to show interest in Burma since 1727, on account of the country's abundance in teak and crude oil. As a result, a French shipyard was established in the city of Syriam in 1729, building ships for Pondicherry. The shipyard was abandoned in 1742 due to the revolt of the Mon.
Intervention in Burma (1751).
A few years later, a Mon envoy visited Dupleix requesting French help in the fight against the Burmese. Dupleix promised men and munitions and dispatched Sieur de Bruno with the objective of developing French influence in the country. He arrived at Pegu in July 1751. Sieur de Bruno reported back that a few hundred French troops would be able to take control of the Irrawaddy Delta, triggering an official request by Dupleix to the French court to obtain the necessary military support. Sieur de Bruno obtained a treaty and formed an alliance between France and the Mons.
Governor Saunders of Madras attempted to counter the French moves in the region by sending a military force to survey the island of Negrais under Captain Thomas Taylor. He also tried to negotiate the cession of Syriam to the British. The Mons firmly opposed these attempts at British encroachment under the counsel of Sieur de Bruno, who had considerable influence at the Mon court and was especially on excellent terms with the Heir Apparent. Saunders finally decided to occupy Negrais forcibly, occupying the island on 26 April 1753.
However, Dupleix's proposals to take control of the Irrawady delta were rejected by the French government, strongly limiting his capacity to intervene there.
Participation in the Burman-Mon conflict (1751–1756).
Following their 1740 revolt against Burmese rule, the Mon sacked Ava in 1752, and overran most of Burma, putting an end to the Toungoo dynasty. Soon however, the Burmese were able to repeal the Mons under the leadership of Alaungpaya. The Mons had to retreat, as Alaunpaya first recovered northern Burma, capturing the city of Ava on January 14, 1754. By February 1755, Central Burma was secured. The Burmese soon threatened the capital of Pegu, as well as the city of Syriam.
In Syriam, Sieur de Bruno was helping the Mons in organizing their defense. Sieur de Bruno was insistently requesting more help from Pondicherry. He acted as a military advisor to the Mons, and French warships participated in fighting against the Burmese in Syriam and Dagon (ancient Rangoon).
Alaungpaya on the other hand was asking the British for guns and ammunitions. Alaungpaya managed to capture Syriam in July 1756. Sieur de Bruno and the other French with him were captured and tortured. Two French ships arriving two days after the capture of Syriam, "Fleury" and "Galathée", with reinforcements and supplies were also captured by Alaungpaya, when Alaungpaya forced Bruno to write a letter to trick them. The French captains were killed and the 200 sailors forced to join the Burmese army Sieur de Bruno was roasted to death. From the two ships, Alaugpaya managed to put his hands on 35 ships guns (24 pounders), five field guns, 1300 muskets, and a large quantity of ammunitions. France was precluded from further intervention in Burma, with the advent of the Seven Years' War in Europe (1756–1763).
French elite corps.
The French troops with their guns and muskets were incorporated in the Burmese army as gunners, and played a key role in the later battles between the Burmese and the Mons. They were treated well and received Burmese wives. They became an elite corps, which was to play an important role in the Burmese battles against the Siamese and the Manchus. One of them, the Chevalier Milard, was ultimately nominated Captain of the Guard and Master of the Ordnance for the Konbaung dynasty.
When they reached old age, the French soldiers were able to retire Shwebo villages, with the spiritual support of a priest. To this day, some Catholic villages are still extant in the area where an awareness of some European ancestry remains.
Resumption of official contacts (1769).
In 1769, a French embassy led by M. Feraud was sent to resume official French East India Company contacts with Burma. He obtained a trade treaty, and the establishment of a French factory in the city of Rangoon.
The arrival of the embassy was facilitated by Chevalier Milard. The king of Burma Hsinbyushin welcomed Feraud's embassy, and accepted Ferraud's offer for trade, in exchange for the supply of guns and ammunitions. The king remitted a letter of agreement, which Feraud brought back to Pondicherry.
Given the previous involvement of the French with the dissident Mon under Sieur de Bruno, the king of Burma clearly specified that French arm trade should involved him only.
As a result of the embassy, the French obtained a large ground in Rangoon where they were able to establish warehouses.
Franco-British rivalry (19th century).
With the advent of the French revolution in 1789 and the rise of Napoleon, France became less capable of involvement in faraway theaters such as Burma. Great Britain on the contrary was able to increase its influence, leading to the First Anglo–Burmese War (1823–1826) and the gradual extinction of Burmese sovereignty and independence. After the Second Anglo-Burmese War (1852), the British Empire annexed Lower Burma.
In 1872, king Mindon sent an embassy to Europe, led by his confidant, the Kinwun Mingyi, leading to the signature of a commercial treaty with France on January 24, 1873. In the end, in spite of the dispatch of a Burmese mission to Paris, France refused in 1884 to sign a treaty promising that France would come to the support of Burma in case a third power would attack it, only suggesting the possibility of arm shipments from Tonkin. In 1885, the French consul M. Hass moved to Mandalay and negotiated the establishment of a French Bank in Burma, a concession for a railway from Mandalay to the northern border of British Burma and a French role in running monopolies controlled by the Burmese government. A secret treaty signed between Hass and king Thibaw was disclosed. The British reacted with diplomatic force. Charles Bernard, the Chief Commissioner of Lower Burma, warned that "if Ava refuses to stop the treaty, annexation will be inevitable".
The French government recalled Haas, who was removed allegedly "for reasons of health". While the French had backed down in Burma, the French actions as well as many other events nevertheless convinced the British to take action against Burma. Finally, the Third Anglo-Burmese War (1885), staged while France was occupied with the Sino-French war (1884–1885), resulted in the total annexation of Burma by Great Britain.
With the completion of British rule in Burma, French contacts with Burma would become almost non-existent, while France would concentrate in the establishment of French Indochina from the second half of the 19th century.
20th century.
Following the end of World War II, ambassador-level diplomatic relationships between France and Burma were established in 1948, soon after the Burmese nation became an independent republic on 4 January 1948, as "Union of Burma", with Sao Shwe Thaik as its first President and U Nu as its first Prime Minister.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19112806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112806" title="The Cop (1970 film)">
The Cop (1970 film)

The Cop (, ) is a 1970 French-Italian crime film directed by Yves Boisset and starring Michel Bouquet.

</doc>
<doc id="19112807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112807" title="Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania">
Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

The Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (or "Secretary of State") administers the Pennsylvania Department of State of the U.S. state (officially, "Commonwealth") of Pennsylvania. The Department protects the public's health, safety and welfare by licensing more than one million business, health and real estate professionals; maintaining registration and financial information for thousands of charities soliciting contributions from Pennsylvanians; overseeing Pennsylvania's electoral process; maintaining corporate filings; and sanctioning professional boxing, kick-boxing and wrestling in the Commonwealth.
By statute, the Secretary is a member of the following Boards and Commissions:
The Secretary is the keeper of the Great Seal of the Commonwealth and has the duty of authenticating government documents through the seal's use. The Secretary is also the Commonwealth's Chief Election Official.
The current Secretary of the Commonwealth is Carol Aichele.
Structure of the Department of State.
The Pennsylvania Department of State consists of six bureaus:

</doc>
<doc id="19112809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112809" title="Patabhar">
Patabhar

Patabhar is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,488 and had 1241 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112831" title="Rajapur, Nepal">
Rajapur, Nepal

Rajapur is a small city in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal, located on the border with Uttar Pradesh state, India. It has a customs checkpoint for goods. Indian and Nepalese nationals may cross the border without restriction.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9,545 and had 1298 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112843" title="Saneshree">
Saneshree

Saneshree is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,542 and had 2266 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112859" title="Tram (band)">
Tram (band)

Tram was a British musical duo composed of Paul Anderson and Nick Avery. Pioneers in the Slowcore movement, Tram was recognized for lush instrumentation played at a very slow pace. Tram recorded three albums, all of which were well received by fans and the music press.
Their first album, Heavy Black frame was produced by multi-instrumentalist Clive Painter and features him and his partner in Broken Dog Martine Roberts alongside Placebo (band) keyboardist Bill Lloyd. Heavy Black Frame was released on the Piao! label in the UK and Jetset Records in USA. The subsequent UK albums appeared on Setanta Records. In January 2009 Paul Anderson and Clive Painter formed a new band called the 99 Call and performed their first show in Rimini, Italy in July 2009. The performance was in part a celebration of the tenth anniversary of the release of 'Heavy Black Frame'.

</doc>
<doc id="19112860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112860" title="Robert James Clayton">
Robert James Clayton

Sir Robert James Clayton CBE, (30 October 1915, Fulham, London - 20 June 1998, Brent, Middlesex, UK) electronics engineer, was notable in the area of defense and industrial electronics. Clayton is credited with playing a significant role in the post-war development of electronics in the United Kingdom.
Early life.
He was the only son of Frank Clayton, wine merchant's assistant, and his wife, Flora, née Gillbanks. His parents had a struggle to support themselves because his father, originally a clerk, had been invalided out of the services in the First World War and could seek only outdoor work. Thoughts of emigration to Canada were thwarted by his father's early death and Clayton's mother had to make a meagre living as a dressmaker. In later years he said that in effect he had been brought up by the Boy Scouts, convincing him that he could succeed by his own efforts. Clayton won two county scholarships leading to a major scholarship at Christ's College, Cambridge, specializing in physics.
Career.
Upon graduating in 1937 he joined the General Electric Company (GEC) research laboratories, at that time one of the leading industrial research centres, to work on the company's new television receivers. In spite of the turmoil of the emerging electronics industry, for the rest of his career he remained with GEC. With the outbreak of war the GEC laboratories were soon in the forefront of radar development and Clayton's expertise was quickly applied to the development of airborne radar equipment. When the BBC resumed television service from Alexandra Palace after the war GEC won the important contract to implement the first link to another transmitter at Birmingham. This was based on Clayton's advanced proposal for a microwave radio relay. He coerced the rest of the laboratories to assist in bringing television to Birmingham on time in 1950.
In 1955 GEC invited Clayton to establish its new Applied Electronics Laboratories at Stanmore to create a defence electronics capability, initially centred on developing missile guidance systems for the Royal Navy. By 1963 all the diverse GEC activities in electronics were brought together with Clayton as managing director. At this point Arnold Weinstock took control of the vulnerable GEC and with government encouragement embarked on the rationalization of the fragmented UK electrical industry. He soon recognized that Clayton could provide the necessary technical input to his own financial acumen and in 1968 appointed Clayton technical director of the enlarged company. Clayton continued in this role, while turning his attention from streamlining the overlapping activities of the acquired companies to future ventures. However, Weinstock's growing financial caution was a limiting factor and after Clayton joined the main board in 1978 he acted mainly in an advisory role and as the technical presence of the GEC on major issues, until he retired in 1983.
During the period of rationalization of the UK electronics industry he was often perceived as a hard man who implemented Weinstock's plans. Equally, others saw him as protecting the essential research and development activities and endeavouring to move GEC into areas of future growth—often against a company culture of short-termism.
Personal life.
On 2 April 1949 he married Joy Kathleen (c. 1925–1997), daughter of Allan McFarlane King, an electrician, and they moved to live at Stanmore. They had no children.
In his retirement ill health and blindness increasingly restricted his activities. He was widowed in 1997 when his wife died. He died at Northwick Park Hospital, Brent, on 20 June 1998. His cremation was marked only by an informal gathering of friends and the dedication of a copse of trees of the Woodland Trust. His wealth at death exceeded £2 million.
Honors.
He was a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society; an Honorary Fellow of the Institution of Electrical Engineers, becoming President in 1975; and a Fellow of the Institute of Physics, becoming President in 1982. He was also a Fellow of the Fellowship of Engineering (later the Royal Academy of Engineering) and its Vice-president for 1980–82. In 1983 he was made an Honorary Fellow of Christ's College, Cambridge. He was awarded a number of Honorary Doctorates, for example Honorary Doctor of Science degrees from Aston University in 1979 and City University London in 1981. Graduating at the same Aston ceremony in 1979 was Kevin Warwick, who also went on to obtain an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Aston University.
Another outcome was the invitation to join many ‘quangos’, including the National Enterprise Board (1978–80), the National Electronics Council (1973–83), the parliamentary and scientific committee (1983–6), and the Monopolies and Mergers Commission (1983–9). At various times he also served on the University Grants Committee; standing conference on schools, science & technology; the advisory council of the Science Museum; and the British Library board. His earlier work at the GEC had led to the award of an OBE (1960) and CBE (1970), and, with later contributions to public matters, a knighthood in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19112863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112863" title="Sivapur">
Sivapur

Sivapur is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,639 and had 725 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112866" title="Birley (surname)">
Birley (surname)

Birley is a common English surname, and may refer to any of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19112872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112872" title="Sorhawa">
Sorhawa

Sorhawa is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8,930 and had 1456 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112885" title="Suryapatawa">
Suryapatawa

Suryapatawa is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,709 and had 826 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112887" title="Gateshead Grammar School">
Gateshead Grammar School

Gateshead Grammar School was a school in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, England, that operated from 1883 to 1967.
History.
The private school Gateshead High School For Boys opened in 1883 at the junction of Durham Road and Prince Consort Road. It was purchased by Gateshead School Board in 1894 and became a coeducational "Higher Grade School" called Gateshead Secondary School. Publicly owned Higher Grade Schools were a new breed of school, similar to the privately owned Grammar Schools but putting much more emphasis on science and art. 
It was renamed Gateshead Grammar School after World War II, still coeducational, but it became boys only in 1956. The school was on the former A1.
Comprehensive.
It was rebuilt on the same site in 1963, and in 1968 it became Saltwell Senior High School - a coeducational comprehensive school which lasted until the 1990s when it was closed and mostly demolished, and the youngsters were transferred to Kingsmeadow Community Comprehensive School at Dunston.
Headmasters.
Past headmasters included Mr. John Bidgood, Mr. W. Walton, Mr. G.L.R. Brown and Dr. Caffrey.
Teachers.
Former teachers include:
Traditions.
Its motto "Toil No Soil" was unusually in English (not Latin, Greek or French) and was taken from a quote of the Greek Poet Hesiod in his poem Works and Days, Toil is no disgrace, it is idleness which is a disgrace. The motto is interpreted as Toil (is) No Soil (soil being a synonym of disgrace) Included in list of mottos

</doc>
<doc id="19112888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112888" title="Taratal">
Taratal

Taratal is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,401 and had 1279 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112906" title="Thakudwara">
Thakudwara

Thakudwara is a village development committee in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5,558 and had 718 houses in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19112916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112916" title="If Tomorrow Comes...">
If Tomorrow Comes...

If Tomorrow Comes... is the debut album by rapper Maino. The album was released on June 30, 2009 after several delays.
Background.
In 2003, Maino was released from prison after a 10 year sentence for a drug related kidnapping. He founded the independent label Hustle Hard and started to record music. In 2005, he was signed to Universal Records and started recording his debut album "Death Before Dishonor". However, Maino was dropped from the label and his album was shelved. Then in 2007, Atlantic Records signed him and took in his Hustle Hard imprint. He released his first single "Hi Hater" in 2008.
Commercial Performance.
The album debuted at number 25 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 18,000 copies in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19112927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112927" title="Jarryd Morton">
Jarryd Morton

Jarryd Morton (born 5 October 1988) is an Australian rules footballer formerly in the Australian Football League (AFL) with the Hawthorn Football Club.
Morton played across the half-back flanks and wore the number 19 guernsey. His two brothers also play in the AFL. Cale plays for West Coast and Mitch plays for the Sydney.
Morton picked up a NAB Rising Star nomination in Round 13 of the 2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19112931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112931" title="They Have Changed Their Face">
They Have Changed Their Face

They Have Changed Their Face () is a 1971 Italian horror film directed by Corrado Farina and starring Adolfo Celi. It won the Golden Leopard award for the Best First Feature at the Locarno International Film Festival in 1971.
Plot.
The director of a known car corporation invites one of his employees to his country villa to give him the good news. He just got promoted. However, the old man is not what he seems and promotion has a price.

</doc>
<doc id="19112935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112935" title="University of the Philippines Manila School of Health Sciences in Leyte">
University of the Philippines Manila School of Health Sciences in Leyte

The University of the Philippines School of Health Sciences Leyte is a medical school in the Philippines supervised by the University of the Philippines, Manila. It is one of the top performing schools in midwifery.
Established in 1975, the School of Health Sciences was seen as the solution to the lack and the inequitable distribution of health professionals serving rural communities in the Philippines. The School had its humble beginnings in a two-classroom building and a small nipa hut at the Danilo Z. Romuladez Hospital (now the Eastern Visayas Medical Center) it transferred to its present campus in Palo, Leyte. There are two new extension campuses, in 2008, Baler, Aurora campus was opened and in 2010 in Koronadal City, South Cotabato.
Its mission is to train clinically, competent and socially conscious health workers who will stay and serve in depressed and underserved communities especially in the rural areas, it also had the mandate to develop a training model for the training of community oriented health workers that could be replicable in other areas of the country.
The School offers an innovative “step-ladder” curriculum where each student starts at a single point and exits at various levels with varying competencies, first as Community Health Worker (CHW), or Midwife then sequentially as Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN), and eventually as Doctor of Medicine (MD).
Through its democratized admissions policy, the School provides scholarships and admits deserving high school graduates coming from remote and largely inaccessible rural communities of target municipalities and provinces. The scholars are bound by a contract and are committed to return to serve their communities after completion of a program. Since it is intended to benefit the local community, selection of scholars is determined in consultation with the community. Students do not apply on their own but are nominated by the communities from where they come from. Hence, the client of the School is primarily the community in need of the services of a health worker.
The SHS may be reached through its website http://shs.upm.edu.ph.

</doc>
<doc id="19112937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112937" title="Pennsylvania Department of State">
Pennsylvania Department of State

The Pennsylvania Department of State is a cabinet-level agency in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The department is headed by the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Among the areas of responsibility are:

</doc>
<doc id="19112971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112971" title="Gursel Veli">
Gursel Veli

Gursel Veli ( ) (born 8 August 1982) is a Bulgarian football player of Turkish origin, currently playing for Vereya as a midfielder. Veli is an offensive midfielder. His first club is a Maritsa Plovdiv. Between 2004 and 2006 he played in PFC Svetkavitsa and Spartak Plovdiv. Veli signed a 3 years deal with Lokomotiv Plovdiv after being released from Spartak Plovdiv in 2007. He has been given the №10 shirt. Veli made his official debut for Lokomotiv in a match against Marek Dupnitsa on 22 April 2007. He played for 23 minutes. The result of the match was a 1:3 loss for Loko.

</doc>
<doc id="19112983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112983" title="The Age of Nero">
The Age of Nero

The Age of Nero is the seventh studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon. It was released on 3 November 2008, through Roadrunner Records. The release was backed by a full European headlining tour opening in Stavanger, Norway on 12 November and ending in Hamburg, Germany on 20 December.
Background.
Most of the album was written in a forest cabin, with the collaboration of Snorre Ruch (Thorns). It was recorded in part at Sound City studios in Van Nuys, California, the place where Metallica had recorded "Death Magnetic".
On 6 October 2008, the first single, "Black Crow on a Tombstone", was released for online streaming at Roadrunner Records' UK website.

</doc>
<doc id="19112991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19112991" title="Dutch Block">
Dutch Block

The Dutch Block (, NB) was a Dutch nationalist political party espousing an anti-immigrant program. It was founded by Alfred Vierling, Ton Steemers en Hans Lindenburg, modeled on the Flemish Block and later taken over by Wim Vreeswijk, who became council member in Utrecht.
The party was founded in 1992. It had a seat in the municipal council of Utrecht from 1994 to 2000, where Wim Vreeswijk was elected. From 1994 to 1997 it also had a seat in Almelo. The elected councillor there, Henry Oudendijk, was originally a member of Centrum Democraten, but changed parties after two months; in March 1997 he left Nederlands Blok and continued as an independent member.

</doc>
<doc id="19113004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113004" title="Joe Lee">
Joe Lee

Joe Lee Yiu-ming (李耀明) (1956–2003) was a Hong Kong actor. He was sometimes credited as Joe Li.

</doc>
<doc id="19113016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113016" title="17 Cosmetics">
17 Cosmetics

17 Cosmetics or Boots 17 or Boots No. 17, is a Boots cosmetics brand aimed at teenagers which was introduced in 1968. Sam Bryant, Jonathan Saunders, Eley Kishimoto, Antoni and Alison and Daisy de Villeneuve are among the makeup artists and designers who have produced designer capsule collections for the brand.

</doc>
<doc id="19113023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113023" title="Caetanópolis">
Caetanópolis

Caetanópolis is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 9,490 people living in a total area of 156 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the micro-region of Sete Lagoas. It became a municipality in 1954.
The name.
The name was chosen in 1953 to pay homage to Caetano Mascarenhas, who had built the first textile factory in the region. The motto of the town on their welcoming sign is "Caetanópolis, o berço da industria téxtil no Brasil.
Location.
The city center of Caetanópolis is located at an elevation of 742 meters just east of BR-040 and north of Sete Lagoas. Neighboring municipalities are: Paraopeba and Sete Lagoas.
Distances
Economic activities.
Services, mining, agriculture, and small industries are the main economic activities. There is a textile factory, Companhia de Fiação e Tecelagem Cedro e Cachoeira, and slate mining. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$72 million, with 6 million reais from taxes, 34 million reais from services, 28 million reais from industry, and 3 million reais from agriculture. There were 66 rural producers on 14,000 hectares of land (2006). Approximately 250 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are citrus fruits, sugarcane, rice, beans, and corn. There were 5,000 head of cattle, of which 1,500 were milk cows (2006). Only 18 of the rural properties had tractors in 2006.
Of the working force there were 790 workers in 53 small industries, 420 workers in 153 retail units, 146 workers in 32 restaurants and hotels, and 46 workers in education (2006).
There was 1 bank (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 1,108 automobiles, 93 trucks, 119 pickup trucks, 30 buses, and 359 motorcycles (2007).
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 9 health establishments, which included 6 public health clinics, and 2 private clinics (2005). There was 1 private hospital with 50 beds. Educational needs of 2,270 students were met by 7 primary schools, 2 middle schools, and 4 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$229.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19113036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113036" title="Una chica casi decente">
Una chica casi decente

Una chica casi decente is a 1971 Spanish comedy film directed by Germán Lorente and starring Rocío Jurado.

</doc>
<doc id="19113093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113093" title="Scouting in East of England">
Scouting in East of England

Scouting in East of England is about Scouting in the official region of East of England. It is largely represented by the Scout Association of the United Kingdom and some Groups of traditional Scouting including the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association.
There are two student associations at various universities in the region, each of which is affiliated to the Student Scout and Guide Organisation (SSAGO). These are "Cambridge University Scout and Guide Club" and "University of East Anglia SSAGO".
History of Scouting in East of England.
The 1st Bury St Edmunds Scout Group holds a registration certificate dated to 5 February 1908, and the Group claims to be the oldest surviving Scout Group in England. However, this claim is not currently upheld by The Scout Association.
1st Southwold Scout Group was established in 1908 and claims to be the first Scout group established in Suffolk. 1st Reydon and 1st Wrentham in Suffolk also existed in 1908. In Norfolk, 1st Norwich Sea Scouts and 1st Dereham Scout Group also claim to have been founded in 1908, making them some of the earliest Scout groups to have formed.
The 21st World Scout Jamboree, celebrating 100 years of Scouting, was held at Chelmsford in Essex between 27 July and 8 August 2007.
The Scout Association Counties.
The regional commissioner for Scouting in the East of England is Matt Mills. The Scout Association in East of England is administered through seven Scout Counties
Bedfordshire Scout County.
Bedfordshire Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association of the United Kingdom. It is concurrent with the political county of Bedfordshire, and provides Scouting opportunities for young people and adults in the area around Bedford, Luton, and Dunstable.
The badge worn by members of the Bedfordshire Scout County shows a red falcon on a yellow background. The current version of the badge was phased in over a ten-year period, starting in the early 1980s. It replaced a previous version which had either a silver or gold falcon on a green background.
The County currently has 2 County Scout Networks (Bedfordshire County Scout Network & Bedfordshire Air Scout Network) and 5 Local Scout Networks 
The County is currently divided into nine Scout Districts.
Cambridgeshire Scout County.
Cambridgeshire Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association of the United Kingdom. It provides Scouting opportunities for young people and adults in the area.
Scouts in Peterborough were given the Freedom of the City in April 2007. This is the first occasion in Britain when Scouts have received this type of award.
The badge worn by members of the Cambridgeshire Scout County is unusual in its design, as it is shaped as a shield rather than the more standard rectangle. The elements on the badge represent towns covered by the Scout County, the cross-keys representing Peterborough.
The County is currently divided into nine Scout Districts:, following the disbanding of Granta District at the end of 2012:
CamJam.
In 2006 the Cambridgeshire Jamboree moved from the East of England Showground, in Peterborough, to the Huntingdon Racecourse. CamJam 2006 was the fifth such jamboree to be arranged by Cambridgeshire Scout County.
On site activities included go-karts, a skate park, ice rink, a planetarium, climbing walls, radio controlled cars, caving and hot air balloons on two evenings. Other activities included archery, rifle shooting, model land yachts, car mechanics, scavenger hunt and model aircraft.
Essex Scout County.
Essex Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association in the United Kingdom.
Chelmsford in Essex was the location for the 21st World Scout Jamboree, held between 27 July to 8 August 2007. The Chelmsford District had a number of special events. By 2007 there were 16,000 members in Essex Scouting covering every community in the county.
The County HQ is at the Thriftwood Training Centre.
There is an Essex Scout County Caving Team to train Scouts in Caving.
The badge worn by members of the Essex Scout County shows the heraldry of the regional county of Essex of "Gules three Seaxes fessewise in pale Argent pomels and hilts Or points to the sinister and cutting edges upwards.".
The County is currently divided into twenty Scout Districts:
Essex International Jamboree.
The Essex International Jamboree was first held in 1927 when it was visited by the Founder, and then Chief Scout, Sir Robert Baden-Powell. Essex have held jamborees every four years since 1952 and at their last site, Devereux Farm, Kirby-le-Soken, from 1996 to 2008. From 2012 a new site will be established at Boyton Cross in Chelmsford following coastal erosion and an increasing flood risk at the Kirby Le Soken site.
The next Essex International Jamboree is due to take place in August 2012, with the theme "Our world Our Future" and the jamboree has its own dedicated website.
Between 26 July and 2 August 2008, thousands of Scouts and Guides from Essex and beyond attended the Essex International Jamboree 2008.
Over 8,000 participants and 2,000 staff attended the jamboree representing 30 different countries, including: Canada, Denmark, Egypt, Finland, Germany, Ghana, Gibraltar, Ireland, Israel, Kenya, Nigeria, Norway, Pakistan, Palestinian Territories, Romania, Spain, Sweden, Turkey, Uganda, UK, USA and Zimbabwe. Another 4,000 people, including hundreds of Cub Scouts and Brownies were hosted for the jamboree open day.
The theme for 2008 was "The World's Endangered Animals" and included a strong emphasis for 'green issues' such as recycling and developing global links. In keeping with the theme, the site was sub-divided into 10 sub-camps containing a mixture of UK and international Scouts and Guides, with a further sub-camp for staff. Each of the participant sub-camps was named after an animal that is at danger in the world. All of the animals could be found at the nearby Colchester Zoo, and each sub-camp became involved in the zoo’s adoption scheme as a lasting legacy of the event.
Hertfordshire Scout County.
Hertfordshire Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association in the United Kingdom covering the County of Hertfordshire.
The badge worn by members of the Hertfordshire Scout County shows a hart on a blue background, which is based on the heraldry of the regional county of Hertfordshire.
They have a Falke SF25C motor glider which is based at the Cambridge Gliding Centre.
There are 18 Scout Districts
Hertfordshire Scouts Peak Assault.
Herts Peak Assault is a navigational and teamwork challenge for Explorer and Network Scouts, held at a different location each year. Groups must navigate their way around, visiting 'checkpoints' within the given time limit.
Norfolk Scout County.
Norfolk Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association in the United Kingdom, covering the county of Norfolk.
There is a Norfolk Scout Canoe Team.
The badge worn by members of the Norfolk Scout County shows the shield from the coat of arms of the county of Norfolk. The current version of the badge has a light green background, whilst earlier versions had been black.
The Norfolk Scout County is divided into nine Scout Districts:
Norfolk International Jamboree.
In 1960 the Norfolk International Jamboree, held at Sennowe Park near Fakenham, drew media attention due to the presence of fifty "European refugees." 
The 12th Norfolk International Jamboree (NorJam) was held at the Royal Norfolk Showground between Saturday 29 July and Saturday 5 August 2006.
Around 5,000 participants and staff attended the jamboree representing 17 different countries, including: Austria, Australia, Denmark, UK, USA and Spain. Three Guides were presented with their Queen's Guide Award by the Chief Guide, Liz Burnley, during the camp. The Jamboree included a Christmas celebration, held on Thursday 3 August. Other activities included scuba diving, horse-riding and sailing.
The theme for the 2006 Jamboree was "Around The World In Seven Days", with each sub-camp being named after a famous landmark, and the event included a strong emphasis on current issues such as recycling and developing global links.
In 2010 the theme for the Jamboree was "The Modern World", each sub-camp was named after an innovation or issue affecting society in the modern age.
The Norfolk International Jamboree is held every four years, with the next one due to take place in 2014.
Norfolk Air Scouts Centre.
Norfolk Scouts used to own Vickers Valetta "XV580", which was used as an Air Scout activity centre at Norwich Airport. The aircraft is now owned by the Norfolk & Suffolk Aviation Museum.
Suffolk Scout County.
Suffolk Scout County is a Scout County of the Scout Association of the United Kingdom. It is concurrent with the political county of Suffolk.
The badge worn by members of the Suffolk Scout County shows a crown "enfiled by a pair of Arrows in saltire points downwards", which is an element from the heraldry of the regional county of Suffolk. The pierced crown relates to the martyrdom of Saint Edmund by the Danes in 849.
The County is currently divided into eight Scout Districts:
Baden-Powell Scout Association.
The East Anglia Area is part of the Baden-Powell Scout Association. The Association is represented in Norfolk by the Fakenham Lancaster B-P Air Scouts.
The badge worn by members of the Baden-Powell Scouts East Anglia Area shows the arms of the Wuffingas Dynasty on a shield. The Wuffingas were the ruling family of the East Angles. Their last king was Saint Edmund, King and Martyr, who was murdered by the Vikings in 849 and was later canonised.
Pathfinder Scouts Association and Rover Explorer Scout Association.
The Pathfinder Scouts Association operates the 1st Bedfordshire Scout Troop at Houghton Regis, Bedfordshire, while the Rover Explorer Scout Association operates a Rover Crew in Lowestoft, Suffolk.
European Scout Federation (British Association).
The European Scout Federation ("Fédération du Scoutisme Européen") operate in the East of England, with groups operating in Cambridgeshire and Essex.
The British Boy Scouts.
The British Boy Scouts operated Groups in Norfolk, including the 1st Norwich (St Marks) Group, although these were closed by 1999. 
Campsites.
Bedfordshire.
The Bedfordshire Scout Association County has a large campsite and training centre, three District maintained campsites and three group maintained campsites.
Essex.
Essex has several camp sites including:
Hertfordshire.
Hertfordshire County Scout Council of the Scout Association is the owner of Tolmers Scout Activity Centre and six othe centres in Hertfordshire, Scotland, Wales and the Peak District 
History of Tolmers Scout Camp and Activity Centre.
The land occupied by the campsite was purchased from Tolmers Park Estate in 1939, with the aim of completing a ring of Headquarters’ campsites around London. The site was bought for £4,600 of which £2,000 was donated anonymously by a "Mr B", and the balance of £2,600 came from the Gang Show fund.
It was officially opened on 11 May 1940, 800 Scouts and visitors attended, despite wartime restrictions. The opening was performed by Baron Wigram, a distinguished member of the Council of the Boy Scouts Association and former private Secretary to King George V. Sir Percy Winn Everett, the Deputy Chief Commissioner, read a letter from Lord Baden-Powell wishing he "could be there in person to support you on the opening of Tolmers". Almost immediately afterwards, Tolmers temporarily lost the use of the site apart from the Brick Field and the Valley Field, as it was requisitioned by the Ministry of Food. Defence works, including pill boxes, tank traps and barbed wire entanglements were constructed along Cuffley Brook, as part of the Outer London Defence Ring.
After the war, development of Tolmers continued and all the requisitioned land was returned by the end of the 1950s. The site was very popular with Scout troops from North London who came by train to Cuffley Station, often hauling their equipment the rest of the way in trek carts. By 1970, flush toilets had been installed, work had started on a hut for Cub Scouts and the camp centre had moved to its present position.
The original service crew were the Cuffley Rover Scout Crew, led by Ron Erwood. They were responsible for a great deal of the work in 1939-1940 prior to the official opening of the campsite. Before long, Rovers and Scouters from across North London joined them. In 1964, a system of five separate crews began, ensuring a team of volunteers was available every weekend. In 1968, the first female service crew members joined. Today, the service crew has over 100 active members.
Bert Longdon, the camp warden from 1964, envisaged the creation of a small lake by damming Cuffley Brook. In 1976, a licence was granted by Thames Water Authority for the flow of the brook to be impeded "by means of a weir" and to create "a pond suitable for canoe instruction" with a capacity of 120,000 gallons. Bert died in 1977 before any work could be done, but it was completed as his memorial, and the first Scouts canoed on it at Easter 1980. It is now regularly used by Tolmers' fleet of kayaks and canoes and for raft building. Bert's Pool also supports a variety of wildlife: carp and roach, moorhens and mallards, as well as visits from grey herons and kingfishers.
In January 1953, work started on a plantation of Scots Pines in the Main Field, in the shape of the new Queen's cypher; EIIR. Despite damage by the storms of 1987 and 1990, the original shape is still clearly visible.
All Hertfordshire Scout Association Activity Centres are members of the ASGC, the Association of Scout and Guide Centres.
Norfolk.
There are a large number of Scout camp sites in Norfolk and the Scout Association County publishes a directory. These include:
An independent site, which has been used by both The Scout Association and the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association, is provided by the Mid-Norfolk Railway at County School railway station.
Suffolk.
There are a number of camp sites in Suffolk including

</doc>
<doc id="19113097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113097" title="Revolutionary Toilers Society of Afghanistan">
Revolutionary Toilers Society of Afghanistan

Revolutionary Toilers Society of Afghanistan (, abbreviated جازا, "Jam'iat-e Inqilabi-ye Zahmatkashan-e Afghanistan", 'JAZA') was a political organization in Afghanistan, a dissident faction of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan. JAZA was led by Kandahari Zaher Ufoq. The group criticized the PDPA from a leftist position, for example for not having declared dictatorship of the proletariat following the Saur Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19113109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113109" title="Shimoōri Station">
Shimoōri Station


</doc>
<doc id="19113135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113135" title="Clifton Brown">
Clifton Brown

Clifton Brown (born August 29, 1976) is a retired Canadian Light Heavyweight Muay Thai Kickboxer of Jamaican descent, who fought out of Toronto, Ontario. Clifton is the President/CEO of Warrior Caste Productions Inc. A production company which focuses on Martial Arts through athlete documentaries, and day to day operations of MuayThai Premier League (The MPL). He is the first Canadian in History to achieve the level of World Champion in the sport of MuayThai. During his competitive career, Clifton became World Champion five times holding titles with the IMTF(1x), WMC(3x), and IKKC(1x).
He is the former host, and one of the recurring fighters, on "Champions of Champions Elite" on G4TV, and will also appear as a coach in the second season of "The Contender Asia" "The Challenger" filming in Malaysia in 2011. Clifton is also the creator, producer and co-writer of the TV series Into the Fire.

</doc>
<doc id="19113136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113136" title="Church of St. Mary Magdalene, Bridgnorth">
Church of St. Mary Magdalene, Bridgnorth

The Church of St. Mary Magdalene, Bridgnorth, is a Parish Church in the Church of England.
Early history.
The College of St. Mary Magdalen, Bridgnorth was founded as a royal free chapel, and its church was in the royal castle at Bridgnorth.
The nave, chancel and western tower were probably built c. 1238, and a north aisle was added, presumably after 1294, when a chantry service was founded in St. Mary's by Richard Dammas. As a Collegiate church it was originally intended as a private chapel for the castle, but by the later 15th century it was being used as a parish church.
The college of canons was dissolved in 1548.
The current building.
The church was designed by Thomas Telford and built by John Rhodes and Michael Head between 1792 and 1795.
The church is aligned north–south, rather than the more usual west–east. The tower stands 120 ft high, and it has a clock, eight bells and a copper-covered roof.
Organ.
The church has a magnificent Father Willis organ, purchased from Clifton College, Bristol
Bells.
The church has 8 bells, the heaviest weighing just over 8 cwt. These are usually rung twice weekly: on Wednesday practice night (7:30 pm – 9:00 pm) and for the main service on a Sunday morning (10:00 am – 10:30 am). Additionally, they are sometimes rung for weddings.

</doc>
<doc id="19113149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113149" title="Tofurōmae Station">
Tofurōmae Station


</doc>
<doc id="19113193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113193" title="University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences">
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences

The University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences is one of the colleges of the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Founded in 1889, the college has 21 academic departments.
The College of Agricultural and Life Sciences has more than 2,000 undergraduate and more than 1,000 graduate students. It offers majors in 25 areas, including as Agriculture and Applied Economics, Biochemistry, Biology, Food Science, Genetics, and others. Undergraduate students are encouraged to participate in research programs. Students may also participate in a study-abroad program.
The College of Agricultural and Life Sciences annually conducts more than 600 general lines of research comprising thousands of individual research projects, whose scope range from the fundamental challenges of science to the immediate problems and opportunities facing Wisconsin farms and businesses. It operates 12 research stations across the state.
History.
John Rector Brown was the chair of the College. The school had a Rural Artists Program, including an Artist-in-Residence position which started when Brown was chair. John Steuart Curry was the first Artist-in-Residence.

</doc>
<doc id="19113212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113212" title="Poet and the Roots">
Poet and the Roots

Poet and the Roots are a reggae band formed to record dub poet Linton Kwesi Johnson's poems with dub reggae backing tracks.
Johnson released his later material under his own name, although some of the musicians from this group appeared on his subsequent albums.
Discography.
Album.
"Dread Beat an' Blood", Virgin Records, 1978
Single.
"All Wi Doin' Is Defendin'", Virgin Records, 1977

</doc>
<doc id="19113226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113226" title="Anthony Skorich">
Anthony Skorich

Anthony Skorich (born 19 March 1990) in Perth is an Australian footballer.
Biography.
He attended John Curtin College of the Arts and graduated in 2007. In May 2009, Skorich was signed to a professional contract by Perth Glory.
On 15 February 2011, Skorich was released by the Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="19113257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113257" title="Tenure review">
Tenure review

Tenure review is a process of reviewing the leasehold tenure of some high country land in the South Island of New Zealand. It currently involves 20% of the South Island or 10% of the total land area of New Zealand. Tenure review began with the passing of the Crown Pastoral Land Act 1998.
Historically much of the high country area has been grazed by sheep and cattle. From the mid-1930s to the mid-1980s, about 27% of New Zealand's land area was either leased or licenced from the Crown. In the South Island pastoral farming relied on Crown leasehold land. About one-fifth of the occupied land in Otago was freehold. In Canterbury, about two-fifths of occupied land was freehold.
In 2006, Lincoln University lecturer Ann Brower argued that the process is in favour of the lessees rather than the government.
In 2008, the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment carried out an investigation into tenure review. A number of recommendations were made, including the establishment of a High Country Commission for a fixed period of time in order to address issues involving the high country.

</doc>
<doc id="19113258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113258" title="Hamburg Rathaus">
Hamburg Rathaus

The Hamburg Rathaus is the Rathaus—the city hall or town hall—of Hamburg, Germany. It is the seat of the government of Hamburg, located in the "Altstadt" quarter in the city centre, near the lake Binnenalster and the central station. Constructed from 1886 to 1897, the city hall still houses its original governmental functions with the office of the First Mayor of Hamburg and the meeting rooms for Hamburg's parliament and senate (the city's executive).
History.
After the old city hall was destroyed in the great fire of 1842, it took almost 44 years to build a new one. The present building was designed by a group of seven architects, led by Martin Haller. Construction started in 1886 and the new city hall was inaugurated in 1897. Its cost was 11 million German gold marks, about €80 million. On October 26, 1897 at the official opening ceremony the First Mayor Dr. Johannes Versmann received the key of the city hall.
In the postwar period, various heads of state visited Hamburg and its City Hall — among them Emperor Haile Selassie I, the Shahanshah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi in 1955, and in 1965 Queen Elizabeth II. An emotionally moving service of remembrance was held on the market-square for the victims of the North Sea flood of 1962. Happier moments were the celebrations of the German football champions "Hamburger SV".
In 1971 a room in the tower was only discovered accidentally during a search for a document fallen behind a filing cabinet. So there is a probability that there are even more rooms than the currently counted 647 rooms.
Architecture.
On the outside the architectural style is neo-renaissance, which is abandoned inside for several historical elements. It is one of the few completely preserved buildings of historicism in Hamburg. Built in a period of wealth and prosperity, in which the Kingdom of Prussia and its confederates defeated France in the Franco-German War and the German Empire was formed, the look of the new Hamburg Rathaus should express this wealth and also the independence of the State of Hamburg and Hamburg's republican traditions. The city hall has a total area of , not including the restaurant "Ratsweinkeller" of . The tower is high with 436 steps. The city hall of Hamburg has 647 rooms, six rooms more than Buckingham Palace, on a building area of .
The balcony is surmounted by a mosaic of Hamburg's patron goddess Hammonia, an inscription of the city's Latin motto ""Libertatem quam peperere maiores digne studeat servare posteritas"" (English: May posterity strive to preserve the freedom won by our elders) and the city's coat of arms.
The courtyard is decorated with a Hygieia fountain. Hygieia as the goddess of health in Greek mythology and its surrounding figures represents the power and pureness of the water. It was built in remembrance of the cholera epidemic in 1892, the former technical purpose was air cooling in the city hall.
Functions.
The lobby is a public area used for concerts and exhibitions. It is open to the public. The emperor's hall in the first floor is the second-largest representation hall, named after Wilhelm II and functions as a room for official presentations. The mayor's hall was planned as a small meeting room. In the room as of 2008 the entry in the city's Golden Book take place, which was done by many dignitaries including the former German President Paul von Hindenburg and the Dalai Lama. In the left wing is the floor of the Hamburg Parliament. The 121 representatives meet in a room that was renovated during Nazi Germany. Only three fields on the ceiling shows its original decoration.
The Rathaus takes part in the Long Night of Museums. Even it is not a museum itself, and there are many virtu and historical details. During the "Long Night of Museums in Hamburg" the motto is "long night in centre of power".
Neighborhood.
The city hall is located in the center of Hamburg. In front of it is a market-square, the Rathausmarkt, used for events and festivals. At the rear of the town hall is the Hamburg Stock Exchange. The main shopping street, Mönckebergstraße, connects the town hall with the central station. The Binnenalster with the Jungfernstieg station and quay for the Alster ships is directly north of the Rathaus. A nearby architectural landmark is the St. Peter's Church.

</doc>
<doc id="19113259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113259" title="Yulduz">
Yulduz

Yulduz ('Star') was a weekly Uzbek language newspaper published in Afghanistan. "Yulduz" was published in Arabic script. The newspaper first appeared around 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19113266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113266" title="Small Hurricane">
Small Hurricane

小風波 (Cantonese), literally translated Small Hurricane, is a 1981 pop ballad by the Cantopop singer Alan Tam. It is a translation of the 1980 song "All Out of Love" by Air Supply into Cantonese, and became a hit in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="19113292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113292" title="Paul Merrett">
Paul Merrett

Paul Merrett is a TV personality based in Godalming who is known for being a frequent guest chef on Saturday Kitchen, a resident chef on Sunday Feast, and starred in The Best along with Silvana Franco and Ben O'Donoghue. Paul Merrett owns and runs the Victoria Pub and Dining Rooms in Sheen. He has been awarded a Michelin star twice, and is the author of "Using the Plot: Tales of an Allotment Chef" (2008).
Biography.
Paul Merrett spent the first three years of his career as an apprentice chef at the Ritz in London’s Piccadilly. Over the following ten years Paul worked for many top chefs including Peter Kromberg and Gary Rhodes.
Paul’s first head chef position was at the Terrace Restaurant at the Meridian Hotel, London. He then moved to L’interlude restaurant in Charlotte Street. Twelve months after his arrival the restaurant was awarded a Michelin star. Despite this success the restaurant was sold by its investors and Paul moved onto The Greenhouse Restaurant in Mayfair, London where once again his food won a Michelin star. 
In 2005 Paul was involved in the set up and launch of The Fulham gastro pub The Farm. Having taken a break in early 2008 to write his first book, Paul acquired, refurbished and relaunched The Victoria Public House, Dining Room and Hotel near Richmond Park in West London.
Paul is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19113319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113319" title="Who Saw Her Die?">
Who Saw Her Die?

Who Saw Her Die? () is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Aldo Lado and starring George Lazenby. In this film, the parents of their murdered daughter search for the killer as the body count grows.

</doc>
<doc id="19113323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113323" title="Ole Irgens (politician)">
Ole Irgens (politician)

Ole Irgens (6 April 1829 - 14 April 1906) was a Norwegian politician.
He was a relative of the eighteenth century bishop of the same name. He enrolled as a student in 1848 and graduated as cand.theol. in 1853. While working as the first Inspector of Schools in Bergen he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament, in 1868. He served one term only. 
In 1862 he set up a new plan for the state schools in Bergen, which also included the new Technical College in Bergen. The plan detailed the syllabus, necessary new buildings programme and a new payment framework for the teachers. Whilst a member of The Norwegian Parliament (Storting) he participated actively in the formation and implementation of the law reforming the state schools in Norwegian cities. He was one of the founders of The Norwegian Mission to the Seamen, and its first chairman. He became knight of the Order of St Olav. 
He was a prominent figure in Bergen, and published several texts on practical pedagogy and the church's role and organisation. He died in 1906 in Bergen.

</doc>
<doc id="19113336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113336" title="Adlercreutz (comital family)">
Adlercreutz (comital family)

The Swedish comital family Adlercreutz is a part of the baronial family Adlercreutz. The general of the Swedish cavalry, cabinet minister and adjutant general Carl Johan Adlercreutz (1757-1815), who had been created a Swedish baron 30 August 1808, was created Swedish count in accordance with the 37th paragraph of the Swedish instrument of government of 1809, meaning only the head of the family possesses the title, 31 August 1814 in Uddevalla by King Charles XIII of Sweden, and was introduced at the Swedish house of the nobility 10 March 1814 as comital family number 125.
The present count is Carl Fredrik Magnus Adlercreutz, born 25 October 1944, who inherited the title from his father, count Gustaf Fredrik Adlercreutz, at his death in 1973. His son Magnus Gustaf Victor Adlercreutz is the present baron Adlercreutz.

</doc>
<doc id="19113346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113346" title="Ole Irgens">
Ole Irgens

Ole Irgens is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19113416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113416" title="Hovea linearis">
Hovea linearis

Hovea linearis (Common Hovea) is a slender shrub in the family Fabaceae, native to Australia. The upper leaves are narrow and long while the lower leaves are oval-shaped. Purple (or occasionally white) flowers are produced in the spring. 
The species occurs in Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19113425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113425" title="Kruså">
Kruså

Kruså (; German: "Krusau") is a Danish border town and border crossing with a population of 1,648 (1 January 2013), six kilometers north of Flensburg, situated on the European route E45. It is located in Aabenraa Municipality (prior to the Municipality Reform of 2007 in Bov municipality).
On April 9, 1940, at 4:15 am German troops crossed the border here beginning the invasion of Denmark.
Until the opening of the freeway border crossing at Frøslev Kruså was the most important crossing over land to Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19113427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113427" title="Mawdud">
Mawdud

Mawdud ibn Altuntash (also spelled Maudud or Sharaf al-Dawla Mawdûd) (died October 2, 1113) was a Turkic military leader who was atabeg of Mosul from 1109 to 1113. He organized several expeditions to reconquer lands from the Crusaders, but never succeeded.
Biography.
Mawdud was an officer of Mehmed I of Great Seljuk, who sent him to reconquer Mosul from the rebel atabeg Jawali. After his conquest of the city, Mehmed entrusted him with several military attempts to push back the Crusaders from the nearby Principality of Antioch and county of Edessa. The first attempt was launched in 1110; having joined forces with Ilghazi, the emir of Mardin, and of Soqman al Qutbi, emir of Khilat, they began by besieging Edessa from April of that year, but Baldwin I of Jerusalem intervened, and forced Mawdud to retreat.
The following year Mawdud marched against Edessa, but as the city walls had been quickly strengthened, he preferred to lay siege to the town of Turbessel, held by Joscelin I of Courtenay. When Radwan of Aleppo sent news that the Christians under Tancred were on the verge of capturing Aleppo, he moved on to that city. On his arrival, however, he discovered that the capture of the city was not imminent at all, and that Radwan even refused to open the city's gates for him. He also received the news that a relief army which had been sent by Baldwin was now marching northwards, so he raised the siege of Turbessel and the subsequent Battle of Shaizar proved to be indecisive and a tactical draw.
The 1112 campaign began again with the siege of Turbessel, but was halted when a party of the Mosul army was decimated by Joscelin on June 15. An attempt to capture Edessa with the assistance of its Armenian population was discovered by count Baldwin II, resulting in the slaughter of the Armenian participants.
In 1113 Toghtekin of Damascus, tired of the ravages by the Christian forces against his territories, appealed to Mawdud to join him to invade the Kingdom of Jerusalem. The two pillaged Galilee and besieged Tiberias, though without being able to capture it. On June 28, however, the Muslims defeated King Baldwin I of Jerusalem's army at the Battle of Al-Sannabra. Reinforcements saved the Christian forces from total annihilation and prevented the Muslim commanders from exploiting the victory, and ultimately forced them to retreat to Damascus due to a lack of supplies.
It was while in Damascus as a guest of Toghtekin that Mawdud was assassinated by the Hashshashin.
Sources.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19113439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113439" title="Michael Chan (actor)">
Michael Chan (actor)

Michael Chan Wai-man (; born 10 July 1946) is a Hong Kong actor, well known for various triad roles, when in actuality he has been involved with triads in real life. A little-known fact that also happens to be a huge part of his life was that he was a well-established kickboxing and boxing champion in southeast Asia. As a martial arts fanatic, Chan studied a multitude of fighting styles, which included Muay Thai, northern and southern Chinese kung fu and boxing.
Chan had a huge influence from Bruce Lee in his training methods and fighting, where they happened to be really good friends.

</doc>
<doc id="19113444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113444" title="Silvana Franco">
Silvana Franco

Silvana Franco is a British TV personality and chef. She starred in the 2002 BBC series "The Best".

</doc>
<doc id="19113491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113491" title="Japanese New Interconfessional Translation Bible">
Japanese New Interconfessional Translation Bible

New Interconfessional Translation Bible (新共同訳聖書 in Japanese, pronounced "Shin Kyōdō Yaku Seisho") is the most recent Japanese translation of the Christian Bible, completed in 1987, and is now the most widely used Japanese Bible, by both Catholics and Protestants.
Joint ecumenical effort.
In accordance with the ecumenical movement of the latter half of the 20th century, a joint ecumenical translation committee was set up in 1969 to get a new translation of the Bible, so it can be used by all Christian denominations. 
Interconfessional Translation Bible.
Its New Testament translation, called the Interconfessional Translation Bible (共同訳聖書 in Japanese, pronounced "Kyōdō Yaku Seisho") was completed in 1978. However, for example, its local pronunciation rule of the people and place names, such as "Yesusu" (Jesus) and "Paurosu" (Paul), when used in worship, created some confusions and problems. 
New Interconfessional Translation Bible.
The committee, therefore, made necessary adjustments, such as "Yesu" (Jesus) and "Pauro" (Paul), and continued the translation work. In 1987, both Old and New Testaments were published as the New Interconfessional Translation Bible (新共同訳聖書 in Japanese, pronounced "Shin Kyōdō Yaku Seisho").
Original Bible texts.
It is a complete Bible translation, of the Old and New Testaments and the Deuterocanonical books. The original texts used are: Biblia Hebraica Stuttgartensia in Hebrew for the Old Testament, Nestle-Aland Novum Testamentum Graece in Greek, and the Greek Old Testament for the Deuterocanonical books.
Publication.
Its publication is done by Japan Bible Society (日本聖書協会), a member of the United Bible Societies (UBS). It is published in various forms, such as the whole Old and New Testament book, Old Testament only book, New Testament only book, Old Testament with or without the Deuterocanonical books, Japanese translation with the English translation (Good News Bible (TEV) or New International Version (NIV)), with the Korean translation, etc.
Use in churches.
It is now the most widely read Japanese Bible, by both Catholics and Protestants. It is used by Catholic churches, Anglican/Episcopal churches, Lutheran churches, United Church of Christ churches and other churches. It is not used by the Japanese Orthodox Church because they, although participated in the translation committee initially, later backed out and did not approve its use in the church.
The other Japanese Bible translation often used is the Revised Translation Bible (新改訳聖書 in Japanese, pronounced "Shin Kaiyaku Seisho"), first published in 1970, mainly by the Evangelical Protestants. The Colloquial Translation Bible (口語訳聖書 in Japanese, pronounced "Kōgo Yaku Seisho"), first published in 1955, is Japan's first effort to translate the Bible in compliance with the modern Japanese writing system that went into effect right after World War II and is now much less used.

</doc>
<doc id="19113495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113495" title="Ole Irgens (bishop)">
Ole Irgens (bishop)

Ole Irgens (22 January 1724 – 15 October 1803) was a bishop in the Church of Norway.
He was born in Surendal to vicar Johannes Irgens. He enrolled as a student in 1741, but was examined two years later and was hired as chaplain under his father. He left in 1756 to become a ship's priest in Morocco, but citing health problems, he returned to Norway in 1760 to become vicar in Faaberg. In 1773 he was promoted to vicar in the Nidaros Cathedral, and at the same time diocesal dean ("stiftsprovst") in the Diocese of Nidaros. He served as vice praeses of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters from 1773 to 1780.
In 1779 he took the dr.theol. degree with the thesis "De spiritu oris Jehovae creante, ps. 33. v. 6". The same year he was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Bjørgvin. He held this post until his death in 1803, having been blind for the last five years of his life. Many of his publications and speeches have been conserved.

</doc>
<doc id="19113502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113502" title="New Democracy Electoral Union">
New Democracy Electoral Union

New Democracy Electoral Union () is a political coalition in Angola, founded November 18, 2006. The coalition was registered by the Supreme Court in June 2008, ahead of the September 2008 legislative election. Most of the constituents of the coalition had previously been affiliated to another coalition, "Partidos da Opocição Civil". Quintino de Moreira is the president of the coalition. He is also the president of the MPDA.
Members of New Democracy Electoral Union:
The coalition received 1.20% of the vote in the 2008 election, winning two out of 220 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19113566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113566" title="Common Hovea">
Common Hovea

Common Hovea may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19113569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113569" title="Prince Tui Teka">
Prince Tui Teka

Tui Teka (born 8 March 1937 in Ruatahuna, New Zealand of Tuhoe descent, died 23 January 1985), better known by his stage names "Tui Latui" or Prince Tui Teka was a Māori singer/actor. Teka was a member of the Maori Volcanics Showband before having a successful solo career.
Career.
Teka was born in Ruatahuna, New Zealand near Te Urewera. His parents were both musicians, and he learnt to play the guitar and saxophone at a young age. He moved to Sydney in the early 1950s. In 1959, Teka, Jonny Nicol, and Mat Tenana joined the The Royal Samoans and Maoris. The band was later renamed Prince Tui Latui & The Maori Troubadours. In 1968 he joined Maori Volcanics Showband, touring the Pacific for six years. In 1972 he began his solo career,and returned home releasing two albums; Real Love and Oh Mum, as well as the Māori love song E Ipo. In 1974 he met with Noel Tio; both Tui and Noel had known each other since 1958, so Noel Tio Enterprises Pty Ltd. became his Australian (only) manager for 11 years. Before his death in 1985, he was in the German TV series Jack Holborn and starred in New Zealand films "Came a Hot Friday" and "Nate and Hayes".
Teka died in 1985. His widow, Missy, died in 2008 as a result of a motor vehicle accident.

</doc>
<doc id="19113575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113575" title="John Perkins Ralls">
John Perkins Ralls

John Perkins Ralls, Sr. (January 1, 1822 – November 22, 1904) was a physician and representative from the state of Alabama to the Congress of the Confederate States during the American Civil War, not to be confused with John Rawls the 20th-century American philosopher. 
Ralls was born in Greensboro, Georgia, on New Years Day, 1822. He attended medical school and established a practice in Gadsden, Alabama. He married Agnes Mary Hamilton. They would eventually have eight children.
He represented Cherokee County, AL as a delegate to the Alabama secession convention in early 1861. He represented the state in the First Confederate Congress from 1862-64. Following the war, he was a delegate to the Alabama state constitutional convention in 1875. He was elected to the Alabama State Legislature in 1878.
Ralls was actively involved in the Methodist Church. He died in Gadsden, Alabama, on November 22, 1904, and was buried in Forrest Cemetery in Gadsden.

</doc>
<doc id="19113586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19113586" title="Eye in the Labyrinth">
Eye in the Labyrinth

Eye in the Labyrinth () is a 1972 Italian horror film directed by Mario Caiano and starring Rosemary Dexter.
Plot.
Julie (Rosemary Dexter) is disturbed by the disappearance of her psychiatrist boyfriend Luca (Horst Frank) following a bizarre dream where she witnessed him murdered. She travels to a seaside village where he might be and encounters Frank (Adolfo Celi), who tells her Luca has indeed been there. Julie's investigation leads her the house of Gerta (Alida Valli), where the mystery deepens among the odd characters residing at this artists enclave.

</doc>
