<doc id="19398936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398936" title="2008 China Open – Men's Singles">
2008 China Open – Men's Singles

Fernando González was the defending champion, but lost in the quarterfinals to Björn Phau.
Andy Roddick won in the final 6–4, 6–7(6–8), 6–3, against Dudi Sela.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19398941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398941" title="Rick Wayne">
Rick Wayne

Rick Wayne (born Learie Carasco, 27 January 1938), OBE, is a St. Lucian writer, editor, former professional bodybuilder and pop singer.
Biography.
Wayne was born Learie Carasco in St. Lucia. In the 1950s he emigrated to England, and served two years in the Royal Signals, most of the time in Yorkshire. On returning to civilian life in London, he was spotted singing in a club and successfully auditioned for record producer Joe Meek. Renamed as Ricky Wayne (a combination of Ricky Nelson and John Wayne), he released a single, "Hot Chickaroo", which was produced by Meek and on which Wayne was backed by The Fabulous Flee-Rakkers. Although the single and its follow-ups were not commercial successes, Wayne established a singing career for several years and for a while had his own show on Radio Luxembourg.
Professional bodybuilding.
Wayne was a professional bodybuilder in the 1960s and 1970s, competing in several bodybuilding competitions:
Writing, journalism and publishing.
Wayne is the author of numerous articles and books on bodybuilding and politics. While pursuing a professional bodybuilding career, he began to write regularly for bodybuilding magazines, particularly Joe Weider's "Muscle Builder" and "Flex" in the 1970s and '80s (two separate periods of employment). He also wrote for Dan Lurie's "Muscular Development" magazine in 1994–95. 
Wayne moved back to St. Lucia (where he now resides) and in 1986, in collaboration with his now wife, former US bodybuilder Mae Mollica Sabbagh, founded the Star Publishing Company. Its publications include a newspaper, "St Lucia Star", and two magazines, "Tropical Traveller" and "She Caribbean". The "St Lucia Star" is a hard-hitting controversial newspaper that has incurred the wrath of both major political parties on the island. 
Wayne served as an opposition party senator until 1998, when he was booted out of the Senate by then Prime Minister Kenny Anthony for his opposition of a government guarantee of a failing St. Lucian airline.
Wayne is the host of a politically charged local television talk show, simply called "Talk", which features on DBS TV for a Thursday-night slot of two and a half hours. He is known for aggressive interviews and fiery comments about various ills on the island. He rails about press freedom, whether locally or internationally.
Bibliography.
The Library of Congress lists five books in its collection:
Wayne has also written:
Award.
In 2007, Wayne was honoured as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours List for his contribution to journalism in St. Lucia.

</doc>
<doc id="19398957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398957" title="Task Force 61">
Task Force 61

Task Force 61 (CTF-61) is a task force of the United States Navy that today denotes what used to be designated the Mediterranean Amphibious Ready Group (MARG) of the United States Sixth Fleet. It is composed of approximately three Amphibious assault ships, but in 2008 is designated the Expeditionary Strike Group that includes their embarked landing craft. From these ships, United States Marine Corps ground forces can move ashore by sea and air in amphibious assault or emergency evacuation missions. Once ashore, the ships of Task Force 61 are able to logistically support the ground forces, until the objective of the landing has been accomplished.
The TF 61 designation has been used by the United States Navy since World War II.
World War II.
Task Force 61 seems to have first been formed in advance of the Guadalcanal Campaign of 1942.
Admiral Ghormley, Commander, South Pacific Area, issued his Operation Plan No. 1-42 on 16 July 1942. It was to govern the execution of Task One which was to be divided into three phases. The first would be a rehearsal in the Fiji Islands; the second would be the seizure and occupation of Tulagi and Guadalcanal (Operation Watchtower). Additionally, the task force executed Operation Cleanslate on the Russell Islands in August 1942. The projected occupation of Ndeni in the Santa Cruz Islands would be the third and final phase.
Operation Plan No. 1-42 organized two forces, Task Forces 61 and 63. The Expeditionary Force of eighty-two ships (designated as Task Force 61), was to be commanded by Vice-Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher, and included the amphibious force of Task Group 61.2 under Rear Admiral R.K Turner, escorted by the vessels of Task Group 61.1 Rear Admiral Leigh Noyes. The main landing force was to be the 1st Marine Division. Later, in October 1942, the Task Force, now under Rear Admiral Thomas C. Kinkaid, confronted a force directed by Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto in the same area. In late October, the Task Force consisted of the "USS Enterprise", "USS South Dakota", the cruisers "USS Portland" and "USS San Juan", and eight destroyers. The Task Force formed one of the two U.S. carrier groups that took part in the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands. As such it represented the combined command of Task Force 11, Task Force 16 and Task Force 18.
Task Force 61 was dissolved in the Pacific Theater and became Task Group 92.4 while TF-61 was reactivated in the Atlantic under the Royal Navy command, and participated in convoy escort duties, although initially it included US Navy Destroyer Division 60, Destroyer Escort Division 5, and a number of United States Coast Guard and Free French Navy vessels. In May 1944 it included HMS Queen Elizabeth, FS Richelieu, HMS Cumberland, the Royal Netherlands Navy light cruiser HNLMS Tromp (1937), 21st Carrier Squadron, and HM Destroyers Saumarez, Vigilant, Verulam, Nubian and Tartar.
Cold War.
The TF 61 designation has been used in the Mediterranean since the late 1940s.
In the early 1960s the Task Force included rotation of Amphibious Squadron Six CTF USS Casa Grande (LSD-13), and Amphibious Squadron Four CTF USS Fremont (APA-44).
On 22 July 1974, 466 foreign nationals were air-lifted via helicopter to the of Task Force 61 for transport to Beirut, Lebanon. U.S. naval forces in the area remained on high state of readiness through 2 September 1974 as the situation on Cyprus began to stabilize.
In 1982, during the Multi-National Force deployment to Lebanon, the Commander, Amphibious Task Force (CTF 61) was designated Commander, U.S. Forces Lebanon.
Fiction literature.
Task Force 61 is the subject of several military fiction novels by David Poyer.

</doc>
<doc id="19398959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398959" title="Gizem Girişmen">
Gizem Girişmen

Gizem Girişmen (born November 25, 1981 in Ankara, Turkey), is a Turkish Paralympian female archer competing in the women's recurve ARW2 event.
Early years.
In 1992, at the age of eleven, she was paralyzed following a traffic accident. After all, she completed her education with honors in business administration from the Bilkent University in 2004. In the same year, she was invited to an archery competition where she got interested and decided soon to practice that sport. She practised in the basement garage of her apartment building, with the permission of the neighbors.
Only two years of practice and competition experience in national tournaments, Gizem Girişmen had 3rd place (ARW2 Recurve Female) at 2006 EPC Archery European Championships held in the Czech Republic, which was her first international tournament.
Sporting career.
Following year, she got the first place (FITA Round) at the 2007 IPC Archery World Championships in Cheongju, South Korea. And in the same year, she also won first place in the 2007 Czech Republic International Archery Tournament. In 2008, she became second in the European Disabled Archery Grand Prix held between July 12–18 in the United Kingdom.
Then, she represented Turkey at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the category of individual recurve W1/W2 and won the gold medal by defeating her Chinese rival Fu Hongzhi.
Finally in August 2009, Girişmen confirmed her World Champion status by winning the gold at the Para-Archery World Championships held in Nymburk, Czech Republic.
She has been ranked "Number One Archer in the World" for Women's Ind. Recurve-W1/W2 since 2007.
Girişmen was nominated as the "Laureus World Sportsperson of the Year" and she is the first Turkish sportsperson, who has been nominated to this award.
Gizem Girişmen is also the Turkish record holder of 30-50-60-70 meters, FITA, 70 mt round and Olymp R Match for ARW2 female category.
She competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the women's individual recurve W1/W2 event, where she lost to her Iranian opponent in the quarterfinals. She was also part of the Turkish team at the women's team recurve event, which became 5th losing to the team from Italy in the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19398961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398961" title="Live Your Life">
Live Your Life

"Live Your Life" is a song by American rapper T.I., from his sixth studio album "Paper Trail" (2008), and features Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released as the third single from the album on September 23, 2008. The song is a conscious hip hop track with elements of contemporary R&B. The song's lyrics speak of T.I.'s rise to fame and optimism of the future. It also gives dedication to the American troops fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan.
"Live Your Life" was a commercial success worldwide. In the United States, the song topped the "Billboard" Hot 100, marking T.I.'s third number one single, and Rihanna's fifth. The song also attained top ten placements in twelve other countries, reaching the top five in Australia, Canada, the Netherlands, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. Furthermore, "Live Your Life" topped the US Pop Songs and Rap Songs charts and reached number two on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The song remains T.I.'s highest charting and most successful single worldwide since its release.
The song's accompanying music video, directed by Anthony Mandler, depicts a story of T.I.'s rise to fame in a narrated form, featuring Rihanna performing in a dressing room and bar. The duo performed "Live Your Life" at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards. The song is featured in the film "The Hangover" as well as the trailer.
Background and release.
"Live Your Life" was written by Dan Balan, Clifford Harris, Justin Smith, and Makeba Riddick whilst being produced by Just Blaze, and Riddick. T.I. explained Rihanna's incorporation progress into the song to Artist Direct, "It was a back and forth studio thing with Rihanna. I picked her. I was just able to 'hear' her voice on this record. I could hear her, so I reached out and she said, 'Yes,' thankfully." The song borrows lyrics from O-Zone's song "Dragostea Din Tei", a number one single throughout Europe that was further made famous by the Numa Numa Internet meme.
The first unfinished version of "Live Your Life" leaked onto the Internet on August 26, 2008. The official mastered album version, which has Rihanna's own verse, and T.I.'s dedication to soldiers on the Iraqi battlefield (on the first part, he told "Ay... This a special what's haapnin' to all my, all my soldiers over there in Iraq. Errbody right here, what you need to do is be thankful for the life you got you know what I'm sayin'? Stop lookin' at what you ain't got, start and be thankful for what you do got. Let's give it to 'em baby girl"). The radio edit lasts for a duration of 4:01, while the album version is 5:39 long, including extended verses from Rihanna. "Live Your Life" was released in the United States on September 23, 2008. A worldwide release of the song followed on September 26 as a digital download via iTunes.
Critical reception.
Alex Fletcher of Digital Spy awarded "Live Your Life" two out of five stars saying, "While some will be charmed by T.I's well-meaning lyrics and Rihanna's hypnotic chorus hooks, others will find the mixture of samples and robotic effects grating. Our view? Well, hats off to Rihanna for finally taking time out from mining her "Good Girl Gone Bad" album, but it's a shame she had to waste her break on a naff novelty release like this." Bill Lamb from About.com gave the song a more positive review, giving the song four and a half out of five stars and commenting, "Most pop fans are likely to either love it or hate it. Either way, it draws strong attention to this upbeat answer to critics and fans on the trials and tribulations of rapper T.I.." He continued by naming Rihanna's contribution as one of the most instantly memorable pop sounds of 2008.
Chart performance.
North America.
In the United States, "Live Your Life" debuted at number 80 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for the chart week of October 11, 2008. The song surged to number one the following week, setting a record for the highest jump to number one in history, a feat previously set by T.I. himself six weeks prior with his song "Whatever You Like" that jumped from number 71 to number one on the chart. However, this record was broken again the following week by Britney Spears' "Womanizer" that jumped from number 96 to one. The song marked T.I.'s second Hot 100 number one as a lead artist, and third overall, while it became Rihanna's fifth chart topper. With the latter, Rihanna became the first female artist to have five number ones in the 21st century. In addition, "Live Your Life" replaced "Whatever You Like" at number one on the Hot 100, making T.I. the ninth artist to replace themselves at number one in the history of the chart. "Whatever You Like" simultaneously occupied the number two position on the chart that week, marking the first time an artist has held the top two positions since Akon in 2006. "Live Your Life" had three separate runs at number one on the Hot 100. Prior to this, the only other songs to have three separate turns at the top had been "Le Freak" by Chic in late 1978 and early 1979 plus two other 2008 chart-toppers, Leona Lewis' "Bleeding Love" and T.I's own "Whatever You Like".
For the issue dated December 6, 2008, "Live Your Life" topped the US Pop Songs chart, marking T.I.'s first ever number one single on the chart, and Rihanna's fourth. The single held the top spot for six non-consecutive weeks. The song also topped the Rap Songs chart for ten consecutive weeks. The song entered the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart as the week's "Hot Shot Debut" at number 77. The following week, it rose to number 38. After ten weeks on the chart, the song made a final peak of number two, where it remained for ten consecutive weeks, being barred from the top spot by Beyoncé's hit single "Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It)". The song was certified triple-platinum by the RIAA certification, and it has sold 4,532,000 copies in the US. The song also peaked at number four on the Canadian Hot 100.
Oceania and Europe.
In New Zealand, "Live Your Life" debuted at number 23 on October 6, 2008. It entered the top ten in its third week on the chart, steadily rising over the following weeks culminating in its number two peak on December 8, 2008. The song was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand for sales of 15,000 copies. On the Australian Singles Chart, the song debuted at number 48 on October 26, 2008. By its fourth week, it had reached the top ten of the chart. The song reached its peak of number three on December 21, where it remained for four consecutive weeks. It received a Platinum certification from the Australian Recording Industry Association for sales of 70,000 copies.
In the United Kingdom, "Live Your Life" entered the UK Singles Chart at number 39 for the week dated November 15, 2008. The following week, it surged to number two, automatically becoming T.I.'s highest charting single in the country. It also gave Rihanna her sixth top two single on the chart. The song debuted at number three on the Irish Singles Chart, giving T.I. his highest charting single in the country. It also gave Rihanna her tenth top ten in the region.
Music video.
The music video for "Live Your Life" was filmed in October 2008 in Los Angeles and was directed by Anthony Mandler. The video, using the radio edit of the song, stars T.I. and Rihanna. It plays backwards, starting with the end of T.I.'s day. In the opening scene T.I. is shown walking with bloody wounds culminating in the song beginning. It then goes from a series of underground shots of him with interspersed scenes of Rihanna in a dressing room. T.I. is then shown being thrown out of a car, being kicked by a large man. The video then cuts again to the day with T.I. wearing the same suit seen earlier in the video, but undamaged. He then encounters a group of thugs whom he brawls with. The video then begins a different story arc, showing T.I. before he made his fortune, singing in a recording studio and in front of a house playing dice and dominoes with friends. This portion of the video is interspersed with clips of the other story arc, such as showing T.I. with a briefcase full of money. He is then shown in the bathroom of a bar, before walking out into the bar passing Rihanna who has exited her dressing room. Rihanna performs on stage with a microphone while T.I. talks to a man saying "want[s out."; the man replies by explaining that there is no getting out, not for him nor for the character that Rihanna plays. T.I slams the money briefcase down on the table and shows it to the man saying that "I'm done. I got myself here, I'll get myself out". Then he is seen walking into that same bar, in a flashback, with a CD in his hand. The man that T.I. spoke to earlier calls him over. This is a flashback showing T.I. trying to get a record deal. The last shot of the video takes place at around the same time as the first shot of the video. T.I. is walking down the L.A. River, raising his hands triumphantly in the air with a bloodied and scarred face. The song's producer, Just Blaze, is briefly seen playing pool in the bar during the second verse and final chorus.
Live performances.
T.I. performed the track with Rihanna at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards on September 7, 2008, following a solo performance of "Whatever You Like" prior. The track was included on the set list of Rihanna's Last Girl on Earth Tour (2010–11) in a medley with Rihanna's own "Wait Your Turn", and the Jay-Z, Rihanna and Kanye West single "Run This Town". It was also performed with "Run This Town" on Rihanna's Loud Tour (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="19398963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398963" title="Spòrs">
Spòrs

BBC Alba has the rights to various sporting events, which it covers in the medium of Scottish Gaelic and under the umbrella of its Spòrs sports television programme.
The programme is entirely in Scottish Gaelic apart from some interviews which are conducted in English. The programme is usually shown on Saturday evenings, although for live coverage of events this will tend to be at other times.
Coverage.
Football.
Coverage of football extends across various divisions and cups. BBC Alba's coverage of the SPL includes one full delayed SPL match that is not already being covered live by another channel. In addition, BBC Alba will soon be broadcasting selected games from the Scottish First Division.
BBC Alba also shows live coverage of the Scottish Challenge Cup, which is currently sponsored by one of its operators MG Alba.
Rugby Union.
Currently, BBC Alba broadcasts highlights and selected live matches from the Scottish Premiership Division One rugby union league.
Shinty.
BBC Alba covers various events from the game of shinty, including the Camanachd Cup.
Presenters.
Evelyn Coull is the main presenter of all Spòrs' programmes. Co-presenters are Martin MacDonald and Ruaraidh Munro. Match commentators include Derek MacKay, Ailig O'Henley and Hugh Dan MacLennan.
Guests.
People who have appeared on the programme include:

</doc>
<doc id="19398974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398974" title="Project West Wind">
Project West Wind

Project West Wind is a wind farm located at Terawhiti Station and Makara Farm west of Wellington, New Zealand.
It is the first wind farm for the capital city, and has a capacity of 143 MW. Construction of the wind farm project began in September 2007 and was completed in late 2009. It is owned and operated by Meridian Energy.
The wind farm was officially opened in April 2009, when Prime Minister John Key turned on the first 15 turbines.
The wind farm received resource consent for up to 66 turbines, however only 62 were installed.
The wind farm was the winner of the Energy and Resources category in the 2012 New Zealand Engineering Excellence Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19398992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398992" title="Shrimps for a Day">
Shrimps for a Day

Shrimps for a Day is a 1934 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 133rd "Our Gang" short (45th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
The gang reside at the Happy Home Orphanage, an inaptly-named organization run by the nasty and dishonest Mr. (Clarence Wilson) and Mrs. Crutch (Rosa Gore). Invited to a garden party at the home of wealthy Mr. Wade, the children enjoy a good time and are showered with gifts, though they know full well that their new clothes and toys will be appropriated and sold by the Crutches once they return to the orphanage.
Meanwhile, Mr. Wade's daughter Mary (Doris McMahan) and her boyfriend Dick (Joe Young) stumble upon a magic lamp, which grants them their wish: to be children again. Dick and Mary are summarily rounded up by the Crutches and bundled off to the orphanage, where they manage to get the goods on the underhanded operation. Spanky has some funny scenes where he refuses to take a dose of castor oil and instead pushes it into Mr. Crutch's mouth. During a sleepless night, Spanky helps Dick escape out the window. Dick runs to Mary's house where he finds the lamp and wishes he was an adult again. He then returns to being an adult and leads Mr. Wade back to the orphanage, exposing Crutch and restoring Mary to adulthood. Spanky has his revenge on Crutch by using the lamp to wish him down to "his" size, then beating him up.

</doc>
<doc id="19398996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398996" title="Conservative Technology Forum">
Conservative Technology Forum

The Conservative Technology Forum is a United Kingdom think tank and policy advisory body that consults industry, academia and other key figures on important (often emerging) technological and societal issues and puts these into mainstream political context.
It grew out of the Conservative Computer Forum (founded in 1978), was relaunched in May 2011 and is affiliated to the Conservative Party. Its mandate is to research key technology subjects, how these impact society and to inform Conservative Party policy in UK and European contexts.
Governance.
The Conservative Technology Forum exists as a platform for those who wish to assist in the preparation of policy for the Conservative Party, to help Conservative MPs with well-informed inputs to debates on technology-related issues in Parliament and to advance the use of technology to aid well-informed, democratic, decision-taking.
Its predecessor, the Conservative Computer Forum, formed from a merger of the party contact list with senior members of the computer and communications industries and a Bow Group team looking at policy towards the computer industry, was active from 1978 to 1986. During this time it was the source of policies such as Telecoms Liberalisation and Privatisation, the Micros in Schools Programme and IT Year. The publications authored by its members, usually published via CPC or the Bow Group included "Cashing in on the Chips" (CPC), "The Big Steal (Bow Group), "Learning for Change" (Bow Group), "No End of Jobs" (CPC) and "Training for jobs not just jobs for Trainers".
After it was relaunched as the Conservative Technology Forum, with a remit to cover advanced technologies in general, a centre-right, policy "think tank", 'Aediles', chaired by Malcolm Harbour MEP and directed by Simon Moores, was also formed, in 2002. Its main publication to date is "Computerising the Chinese Army" (on the state of computing in the NHS), using expertise from both ICT and Health Care industries.
The Forum has also produced a public "manifesto" in advance of each general election, alongside private submissions to those working on the main party manifesto.
The Forum was restructured after the 2010 election and the formation of a coalition, in the light of lessons learned after the 1979 General Election, when policy work within the party atrophied because those involved were elected or became special advisors and the consequent focus was on influencing or defend short-term "government policy", as opposed to longer-term "party policy". The current focus is on generating ideas and material for the Conservative Manifesto for 2015, on helping the Forum's parliamentary members to get re-elected and on providing expert speakers, bloggers and other inputs to advance and inform political debate. That entails putting technology issues, such as broadband, successful systems delivery, professionalism and skills, smart metering, smart grid, privacy and surveillance, into mainstream political context, including industry and economic policy.
As at May 2012 the President is Adam Afriyie MP. The Deputy Presidents are Therese Coffey MP (Westminster Parliamentary Chairman), Malcolm Harbour MEP (Brussells Parliamentary Chairman). The Vice Presidents are Lord Lucas of Crudwell (Investment Policy), Stephen Mosley MP (e-Crime and Cyber Security) and Laura Sandys MP (Energy Policy). The Chairman is Philip Virgo and the Vice Chairman are Simon Moores (Policy) and Nick Wood Dow (Events).

</doc>
<doc id="19398999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19398999" title="Gichugu Constituency">
Gichugu Constituency

Gichugu Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kirinyaga District, Central Province. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections. Between 1966 and 1983 elections it was known as Kirinyaga East Constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="19399002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399002" title="Brazil 5000">
Brazil 5000

The Brazil 5000 music series is a CD compilation of Chill out and Lounge music released by 5000 Records. Brazil 5000 was initiated in 2002 by Sascha Panknin who compiles and produces the albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19399058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399058" title="Nana Tanimura">
Nana Tanimura

, is a Japanese pop singer.
Background.
Tanimura was raised mainly in Osaka. She moved frequently between Osaka and Hawaii between the ages of 3 and 8, after which she also stayed for an extended period of time in Los Angeles.
Tanimura was enrolled in the College of Law at Aoyama Gakuin University and graduated in March 2010.
Career.
In her third year of high school, Tanimura caught the attention of music production agents at an event in Osaka. In 2007, her first singles, "Again" and "Say Good-Bye" were released under Avex Group's Sonic Groove label. The singles peaked at #55 and #105 on the Oricon charts, respectively. In 2008, Tanimura released the singles "Jungle Dance" and "If I'm Not the One / Sexy Senorita". They peaked at #15 and #8 on the Oricon charts, respectively.
In 2010, she was chosen to sing the official theme songs of the game . The songs were released as part of "Far Away / Believe You" on March 24, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19399059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399059" title="Anniversary Trouble">
Anniversary Trouble

Anniversary Trouble is a 1935 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 134th "Our Gang" short (46th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
Spanky's appointment as treasurer of the Ancient and Honery Order of Woodchucks occurs on the same day as his parents' wedding anniversary. Absent-minded as usual, Spanky's father (Johnny Arthur) inadvertently hands over the Woodchucks' treasury as an anniversary present for his wife (Claudia Dell).
Meanwhile, Spanky accidentally gets hold of the real anniversary money, and, mistaking it for the treasury, hides it in the cookie jar—an act witnessed by his Mom, who jumps to the wrong conclusion. She takes that money and shows it to Spanky's father who also jumps to the wrong conclusion. Spanky is looking for the money and cannot find it. Minutes later, the other Woodchucks demand the return of their "dough," since the club has broken up, but Spanky cannot accommodate them. Spanky's father calls the maid/nanny and tells her to send him to his dad's office for punishment immediately. Spanky is unable to leave because the gang is blocking the exits out of his house. Spanky then tries to sneak out by painting himself in blackface and dressing up like Buckwheat, the maid/nanny's daughter. That plan is also foiled and then Spanky's parents return home.
Spanky then finds the anniversary money and puts it in his back pocket. His father gets ready to spank Spanky and realizes he made a mistake. So his mother thinks the spanking is being carried out and can remain unaware of the mistake, Spanky's father has Spanky spank him instead and has Spanky make the groaning noises. Spanky's mother though catches them leading to a wild and wooly conclusion wherein Spanky's dad is duly punished for his faulty memory.
Notes.
The television broadcast version of "Anniversary Trouble" has been radically edited, removing the sequence in which Spanky dons blackface to disguise himself as Billy "Buckwheat" Thomas due to perceived racism against African Americans. It was only partially restored on the 2001 to 2003 showings over AMC. It was finally available unedited on VHS home video from the early 1980s until the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19399075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399075" title="Učka Tunnel">
Učka Tunnel

The Učka Tunnel () is a toll tunnel on the A8 motorway in Croatia. Being part of the Istrian Y network in Istria, it is wide and long, the third longest in Croatia after the Mala Kapela and Sveti Rok tunnels. The tunnel consists of a single tube, with two traffic lanes. Construction on the existing tunnel tube began in 1978 and it was opened for traffic on September 27, 1981. It is currently used for traffic in both directions. An additional tunnel tube is planned.
In a 2004 traffic safety testing by ADAC, the Učka Tunnel shared the last place with Tuhobić Tunnel, also from Croatia, being classified as a high-risk transportation utility. , the Tuhobić Tunnel has been upgraded to four lanes. However, no improvements have been made to the Učka Tunnel, causing a demonstration clogging the traffic at a tunnel entrance by Istrian bikers. The fact that the tunnel bears a 28 kuna (US$ 5.80) toll, unusually high for Croatian highways, and that its roadway is in a bad shape, drew criticism from Croatian newspapers.
Over 40 million vehicles have passed through the tunnel, with more than 2.7 million passing in 2007 alone. During the summer of 2008, on average 14,000 vehicles passed daily, prompting the highway concessioner BINA Istra to start preparation of construction of the second tunnel tube. , 27 years have passed since the opening of the first tunnel and the traffic has increased sixfold, however the second tube is not yet built. In June 2011, BINA Istra announced that design documents are being prepared for construction of the second tunnel tube, and that construction is scheduled to start in mid-2012, estimating its completion in 2015.
The tunnel is run by BINA Istra, a consortium operating on a BOT scheme, owning the highway in a concession from 1995 to 2027.

</doc>
<doc id="19399083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399083" title="Coffee production in the Philippines">
Coffee production in the Philippines

The production and export of coffee was once a major industry in the Philippines, which 200 years ago was the fourth largest coffee producing nation. Today, however, the Philippines produces only .012% of the world's coffee supply. Efforts are being undertaken to revive the industry however, with the majority of coffee produced in the mountain areas of Batangas, Bukidnon, Benguet, Cavite, Kalinga, Apayao, Davao, and Claveria.

</doc>
<doc id="19399134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399134" title="Vladimir Ivanovich Morozov (1952)">
Vladimir Ivanovich Morozov (1952)

Vladimir Ivanovich Morozov () (Sometimes shown as Vladimir Morosov, born June 19, 1952 in Moscow Oblast) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s. He won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Morozov also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-4 10000 m: 1977, 1978, 1979) and a silver (K-4 1000 m: 1977).

</doc>
<doc id="19399171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399171" title="Common Economic Space">
Common Economic Space

Common Economic Space (CES) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19399172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399172" title="Suzhou River (film)">
Suzhou River (film)

Suzhou River () is a 2000 film by Lou Ye about a tragic love story set in contemporary Shanghai. The film, though stylistically distinct, is typical of "Sixth Generation" Chinese filmmakers in its subject matter of contemporary China's gritty urban experience. The film stars Zhou Xun in a dual role as two different women and Jia Hongsheng as a man obsessed with finding a woman from his past. The film was co-produced by the German Essential Films and China's Dream Factory. 
Writer-director Lou Ye's second film, "Suzhou River" takes as its background the chaotically built-up riverside architecture of factory buildings and abandoned warehouses along the Suzhou River, rather than the glitzy new face of Shanghai.
Though well-received abroad, "Suzhou River" was not screened in its native China, as Lou Ye was banned from filmmaking for two years after screening his film at the International Film Festival Rotterdam without permission from Chinese authorities.
Plot.
The story follows the transient lives of four people at the margins of Chinese society. An anonymous videographer (Hua Zhongkai) opens the film with a monologue on the eponymous Suzhou River and love. As the film's narrator, the videographer is nevertheless never seen aside from his hands, as the camera serves as his first-person perspective for the audience. He starts by telling the story of a romance between himself and Meimei (Zhou Xun), a performer at a dive bar in Shanghai. He discusses his love of Meimei, who makes a living putting on a blond wig and mermaid costume and swimming in a large water tank at the "Happy Tavern," and who disappears days at a time, leaving him heartbroken each time. 
The videographer then begins relating the story of Mardar (Jia Hongsheng), a small-time crook and motorcycle courier, and Moudan (Zhou Xun), the daughter of a rich businessman, whom Mardar is hired to ferry around town whenever Moudan's father brings home one of his mistresses. During their brief encounters on his motorcycle, Mardar and Moudan fall in love. Unbeknownst to Moudan, however, Mardar has become involved in a kidnapping scheme with his former lover Xiao Ho (Nai An), and the criminal Lao B (Yao Anlian). Mardar is ordered by Xiao-Ho and Lao B to take Moudan to an abandoned warehouse while they orchestrate a pickup of the ransom money. The kidnapping goes awry when Lao B betrays and murders Xiao Ho as soon as the money is in hand. Mardar, unaware of these developments, prepares to move the girl when she asks him how much her ransom was. Mardar answers 45,000 RMB. "Am I so cheap?" she screams and runs away. Mardar chases after her only to see her jump into the Suzhou River, apparently to her death. Mardar is then arrested and imprisoned. Moudan's body, however, is never found.
Years later, Mardar returns to Shanghai and resumes his work as a courier, all the while still looking for Moudan. One night, he happens upon the Happy Tavern where he meets Meimei, the videographer's elusive girlfriend. Mardar, convinced she's his lost love, first spies on her in her dressing room and then seeks out the videographer to tell his story. Later, Mardar tells Meimei herself about his affair with Moudan. Humoring him at first, she eventually becomes enamored with his story and takes him to bed. After being beaten one night by the owner of the Happy Tavern, Mardar heads out to the suburbs, where he discovers the real Moudan working in a convenience store. The film ends with the ambiguous death of both Mardar and Moudan, leaving the viewer to decide if it was an accident or suicide. The videographer and Meimei spend one more night together, before Meimei disappears again, leaving a note telling the videographer that if he truly loves her, as Mardar loved Moudan, he will find her.
Influences.
Upon "Suzhou River's" release, many Western critics saw the film as heavily influenced by a number of key sources. Several noted how the film's urban romanticism reflected the works of Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai. Others found a similar connection to Wong but in cinematographer Wang Yu's use of the hand-held camera as being similar to Wong's "Chungking Express".
Critics also saw the film as an homage to Alfred Hitchcock's tale of obsessive love, "Vertigo". "Suzhou River's" thematic use of water (in this case the titular river) and its plot of men obsessed with a woman/women who may not be who she/they say they refer back to Hitchcock's earlier film. Even the film's score is said to echo Bernard Herrmann's classic soundtrack to "Vertigo". Some critics also saw in "Suzhou River" elements of another Hitchcock classic, "Rear Window", particularly in the character of the Videographer, the film's voyeuristic narrator.
The Chinese film scholar, Shelly Kraicer, saw the film as an homage to the writer Wang Shuo, the so-called "bad boy" of Chinese literature, particularly in the film's noir-like characters on the margins of society, and the playing with genre conventions.
Reception.
The release of "Suzhou River" in the international film festival circuit announced a major new voice in the sixth generation movement. One critic boldly stated that the film's take on film noir and urban life in Shanghai could potentially breathe new life into the movement. Other western critics were captivated by the film's atmosphere and its echoes of other directors like Alfred Hitchcock and Wong Kar-wai. The British Film Institute, for example, named "Suzhou River" as its "movie of the month" for December 2000, writing that, "n the end, it's hard not to be swept up by the strong current of Suzhou River: a seductive and atmospheric conundrum that works pleasingly as an exercise in storytelling." Other critics wrote similar praises but found the plot somewhat lacking. Critic J. Hoberman praised the film's style: "Shot with a jostling, nervous camera, Suzhou River looks great—the showy jump cuts and off-kilter close-ups belie an extremely well edited, even supple, piece of work." At the same time, however, he made sure to announce that ""Suzhou River's" narrative is more than a bit cornball and not overly convincing—which is to say the movie's conviction is to be found in its formal values." A similar review came from "The New York Times"' A. O. Scott, who found the film emotionally distant. Even Scott, however, could not deny the allure of the film's atmospherics, describing the film as providing "impeccable attitude and captivating atmosphere."
Ultimately, two review aggregators reflect the film's general reception by western critics. Rotten Tomatoes records that 89% (25 out of 28 reviews) for "Suzhou River" were positive in content, while Metacritic gave a score of 76 (out of 100, based on 18 reviews), indicating "generally favorable reviews."

</doc>
<doc id="19399175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399175" title="Fløyfjell Tunnel">
Fløyfjell Tunnel

The Fløyfjell Tunnel () is a road tunnel in the city of Bergen, Norway. The tunnel goes through the Fløyfjellet mountain massif between Sandviken and Kalfaret. The twin-tube tunnel was built in the late eighties as part of the city's motorway network, and is part of the main route between Åsane and the rest of the city. Each of the tubes carries two lanes of traffic on the European route E39/European route E16. The two tubes differ slightly in length; the southern tube, which carries southbound traffic, is long and was opened in 1988, while the northern tube is long and was opened the following year.
The traffic through the tunnel is increasing rapidly. In 2007, the average daily traffic was 41,707 vehicles, up from 34,779 vehicles in 2000. The speed cameras in the tunnel detected this section of road to have the most speeding vehicles in Hordaland.
Incidents.
The Fløyjfell Tunnel has been named the most closed tunnel in Bergen. During 2010, it was closed a total of 216 times.
In July 2011, a car crash occurred inside the Fløyfjell Tunnel. A man was driving the car south when he crashed into the mountain wall, suffering only minor injuries. The local police were notified by witnesses and arrived promptly, and subsequently closed the tunnel. It remained closed for several days, causing a problem for local residents.

</doc>
<doc id="19399205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399205" title="Holme Moss transmitting station">
Holme Moss transmitting station

The Holme Moss transmitting station is a radio transmitter in West Yorkshire in the United Kingdom. The transmitter is the highest in the country and provides VHF coverage of both FM and DAB to a wide area around the transmitter including Derbyshire, Greater Manchester and West Yorkshire.
History.
Holme Moss transmitting station was the BBC's third public television transmitter, launched on 12 October 1951. Of historic and technical interest, this operated on the 405 line VHF system, with black and white transmissions originally on British System A, Channel 2, with vision 51.75 MHz, 45 kW and sound 48.25 MHz, 12 kW. The mast survived until the end of the Band I TV broadcasts in 1985, with a replacement mast being constructed, adjacent, in 1984. The site is now owned and operated by Arqiva.
Television signals from Holme Moss travelled much further than their intended service area. The Isle of Man and parts of the Irish Republic, mainly Dublin and Wicklow, could receive a signal from Holme Moss for some years. Emley Moor (55.44°, 15.53 km) and Moorside Edge (348.22°, 11.56 km) transmitters can be seen from the location. 
VHF Radio broadcasts started on 10 December 1956, for the Home, Light, Third Programme as they were then titled (see table). To this day, these three stations operate on the exact same frequencies as they did in 1956. Subsequently BBC Local Radio services were added in the early 1970s. With the awarding of a national commercial station, Classic FM is also broadcast. DAB transmissions also now originate from here.
These transmissions cover North West England (mainly Greater Manchester and Cheshire) and most of Yorkshire, however signals can be heard as far South as London and as far North as Scotland, whilst coverage can also be heard in Ireland and mainland Europe. 
The base of the station is 1719 ft (524 m) above sea level and the mast another 750 ft (228 m) on top of that. This gives a maximum aerial height of 2467 ft (752 m) which is one of the highest in the UK. The mast weighs 140 tons and is held up by 5 sets of stay levels. At 250 kW ERP on the national channels, it is one of the most powerful VHF transmitters in the country.
Services available.
Analogue television.
TV transmissions ceased from this site with the demise of the original VHF service in 1985.
Relay services.
Being the main radio transmitter in the North West and Yorkshire region, there are also a number of smaller relay transmitters used to fill in areas which receive poor coverage from Holme Moss. This is particularly evident around the Pennines where there is frequent hills meaning reception from Holme Moss is poor (especially indoors).

</doc>
<doc id="19399208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399208" title="Welcome to the Club (Ian Hunter album)">
Welcome to the Club (Ian Hunter album)

Welcome to the Club is the first live album by Ian Hunter. After the unexpected success of "You're Never Alone with a Schizophrenic", Chrysalis Records wanted to keep the momentum by releasing another album. Because Hunter never wrote when he was on the road, it became a live album which was recorded at the end of 1979 during his U.S tour. However there were four new tracks (side four) which were recorded live in the studio.
Tracklisting.
All tracks written by Ian Hunter except where noted.
Side one
Side two
Side three
Side four
CD reissue.
Disc 1
Disc 2

</doc>
<doc id="19399220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399220" title="Mbooni Constituency">
Mbooni Constituency

Mbooni Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of five constituencies in Makueni County. The constituency was established for the 1966 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19399239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399239" title="1977 ABC Championship">
1977 ABC Championship

The 1977 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Men were held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19399265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399265" title="Alfa Romeo Tipo 512">
Alfa Romeo Tipo 512

The Alfa Romeo Tipo 512 was intended for replacement for Alfa Romeo 158 Voiturette racing car. Designed by Wifredo Ricart as his second car for Alfa Romeo after V16-engined Alfa Romeo Tipo 162. The car was first mid-engined Alfa Romeo model. This racing car has flat 12 engine (technically speaking it is 180 degree V12) using mid-engine layout. With two Roots type superchargers, the engine 
could produce up to per litre. The engine had very short stroke compared to other Grands Prix cars at that time, only . The potential of this machine is not so clear, since it is a prototype. The power of the engine measured at the bench was of at 8600 rpm. In the Alfa Romeo museum in Arese, alongside the 512 exposed is the following data:the maximum power (estimated) at 11,000 rpm and maximum speed over .
The car development was finished in 1940 and stopped during World War II, another chassis was built also but this car never raced.
The Tipo 512 was first tested on September 12, 1940 by Alfa Romeo chief test driver Consalvo Sanesi, despite being very powerful its handling was not good
enough. June 19, 1940 Alfa Romeo's test driver Attilio Marinoni was killed while testing 512 suspension fitted to an Alfetta 158.
Alfa Romeo won the Formula 1 World Championship with the Alfetta 158 in 1950, taking the place for which 512 was originally designed.
Only 2 prototypes were created. One complete car is owned by the Alfa Romeo Historical Museum in Arese, Italy. The other one is owned by the National Museum of Science and Technology "Leonardo da Vinci" in Milan, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19399273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399273" title="The Real Thing (Lisa Stansfield song)">
The Real Thing (Lisa Stansfield song)

"The Real Thing" is a song recorded by British singer Lisa Stansfield for her 1997 eponymous album. It was released as the first proper single from "Lisa Stansfield" in Europe, Australia and Japan on March 10, 1997, after "People Hold On" (The Bootleg Mixes). The song, written by Stansfield and Ian Devaney and produced by Devaney and Peter Mokran, received positive reviews from music critics who noted that Stansfield "belts her heart out in a voice that's smooth and pliant." An accompanying music video, directed by Michael Geoghegan, was also released. The CD single included remixes created by prominent US and UK producers: Mark Picchiotti, K-Klass and the Dirty Rotten Scoundrels. "The Real Thing" reached number nine on the UK Singles Chart. In August 1997, it was featured on the "Money Talks" soundtrack. Later, it was included on "The Remix Album" (1998) and "" (2003).
Track listings.
European CD single
Australian/European/Japanese/UK CD maxi-single
Australian/UK CD maxi-single #2

</doc>
<doc id="19399275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399275" title="Dan Tucker (lawman)">
Dan Tucker (lawman)

Dan Tucker, better known as "Dangerous Dan" Tucker, (1849 - unknown), is a little-known lawman and gunfighter of the Old West. Author Bob Alexander, who wrote the biography "Dangerous Dan" Tucker, New Mexico's Deadly Lawman", proclaimed Tucker was more dangerous and more effective than better known lawmen, including Wild Bill Hickock and Wyatt Earp. He was supported in this claim by historian Leon C. Metz. He was also a subject in the book "Deadly Dozen", by author Robert K. DeArment, who included Tucker as one of the twelve most underrated gunmen of the Old West.
Arrival in New Mexico Territory and reputation.
Tucker first ventured into New Mexico Territory in the early 1870s. Born in Canada, Tucker was said to have been soft-spoken and laconic, and with a slight accent often mistaken for being southern. Famed New Mexico sheriff Harvey Whitehill was, at the time, serving as the Grant County, New Mexico sheriff. Whitehill first met Tucker in 1875, when the latter drifted into Silver City, New Mexico from parts unknown. Although some were suspicious of Tucker, who initially introduced himself as David Tucker, Whitehill took a liking to him, and hired him as a deputy sheriff.
Tucker was rumored to have last been in Colorado, but had fled after stabbing a man to death. He was also said to have killed men in El Paso, Texas and Santa Fe, New Mexico, but these claims were never confirmed. The only known facts were that he had ridden with outlaw John Kinney, and he did, after arriving in New Mexico, take part in the El Paso Salt War.
One of the first incidents of violence in which Tucker took part after accepting his new job, occurred in 1876, and was witnessed by Sheriff Whitehill's son, Wayne Whitehill, who was then but a child, but was able to give a full account of the incident during an interview in 1949. According to Wayne Whitehill, two Mexican men began fighting inside "Johnny Ward's Dance Hall", in Silver City. One of the men stabbed the other, wounding him, then ran out into the street to escape. Just as he rounded a corner on Broadway Street, Dan Tucker shot him in the neck, in full view of many citizens, the young Whitehill being one of them. An account of this shooting was also taken from Dan Rose, who was 12 years old at the time, but who also was on the street that night.
Another incident, occurring in 1877, and also witnessed by Wayne Whitehill, concerned a report that a Mexican man was intoxicated and throwing rocks at people as they passed by, on a side street in Silver City. Tucker responded, with several young boys running a short distance behind him, due to him being somewhat of an enigma to the locals after the first shooting. According to witnesses, Tucker merely located the intoxicated man, and shot him dead with one shot, without ever muttering even one word to the suspect. No charges were ever filed against Tucker for that shooting. In 1878, Tucker shot and killed a thief as he fled, as well as becoming engaged in a gunfight with three suspected horse thieves inside a Silver City saloon, killing two of the thieves, and wounding the third. By this time, Tucker was legendary in the area, and had acquired the nickname "Dangerous Dan" after the shooting of the rock throwing suspect.
In early May, 1880, Sheriff Whitehill dispatched Deputy Tucker to track down two suspects who had broken into a prospector's cabin and stolen numerous goods and personal property. Tucker was gone for two days, then returned with all the stolen property, along with the horses, saddles, and weapons of the two suspects. He reported to Sheriff Whitehill that he had located the two on a ranch, and killed them, with the owner of the ranch agreeing to bury them. Days later, Tucker responded on a domestic dispute, during which a man had clubbed his wife and child to near death. As Tucker entered the house, the man knocked Tucker's gun from his hand with the club. In the altercation that followed, Tucker was able recover his gun from the floor, and shot the man, killing him.
In 1878, although remaining a deputy sheriff, Tucker had accepted the position of Silver City Marshal, the town's first, and a position he would hold through several terms. By later accounts, Tucker brought the town's violent crime rate under control quickly, and was feared due to his lack of hesitation when he deemed violence was necessary to solve a problem. By newspaper accounts from the "Grant City Herald", in November 1878 Tucker was shot and wounded during a shootout with cowboy Caprio Rodriguez, when the latter resisted arrest following a disturbance in a saloon. Tucker killed Rodriguez in the exchange.
In 1881, Tucker assisted Sheriff Whitehill in a double hanging, and had acted as the hangman in several other hangings for Grant County previously, and later accepted the position of Marshal for Shakespeare, New Mexico; in September, he shot and killed rustler Jake Bond. In November, 1881, he arrested outlaw Sandy King after he shot and wounded a storekeeper. On November 9, 1881, he captured outlaw "Russian Bill" Tattenbaum for cattle rustling. The two were hanged by the town's "Vigilance Committee" that same day.
Tucker was sent to Deming, New Mexico on November 27, 1881, due to several outlaws causing disturbances and basically taking over the town. He began patrolling the streets with a double-barrel shotgun, and within three days, according to journalist C.M. Chase, who was in the area doing a story on the Southern Pacific Railroad, Tucker shot and killed three men and wounded two more. In 1882, James H. Cook became the manager of the "WS Ranch", and later would comment Tucker was, to his personal knowledge, involved in several gunfights as a shotgun rider while working for Wells Fargo.
Controversial shooting.
During 1882, Tucker became involved in the most controversial shooting of his career. On August 24, James D. Burns, who worked as a deputy in the mining camp of Paschal, in Grant County, entered the "Walcott & Mills Saloon". Burns became intoxicated, and began twirling and flaunting his pistol. Deputy Cornelius A. Mahoney attempted to disarm Burns, but he refused, saying that as a law officer, he was entitled to retain his weapon. Town Marshal Glaudius W. Moore also threatened to arrest Burns, but he ignored him and continued on his drinking binge, going from saloon to saloon.
The following afternoon, Burns, whose binge had resulted in him staying up all night with no sleep, found himself in the "Sam Eckstein Saloon", where he goaded Bob Kerr into a fight, but when Burns produced his pistol, Kerr fled. Burns then left that saloon and walked down in front of the "Centennial Saloon", where he began firing his pistol in the air. He then entered the saloon and began gambling with Frank Thurmond, a professional gambler. Marshal Moore entered shortly thereafter due to several people complaining about Burns.
He approached Burns as he was seated at the table, and demanded he come outside to speak with him. Burns refused, stating he had done nothing and would not leave until the game was finished. Marshal Moore again ordered him up, and again Burns refused. At this point, Marshal Moore produced his pistol, and yet again ordered Burns outside. Also seated at the table were former deputy John W. Gilmo and Dan Tucker.
Gilmo convinced Marshal Moore to holster his pistol, but as soon as he did, Burns jumped to his feet, pulling his own pistol. Tucker then drew on Burns, and ordered him to drop his gun, which he did. Foolishly, Marshal Moore departed to obtain an arrest warrant for Burns, rather than simply making the arrest at that time. After he departed, Burns began verbally confronting Tucker, stating Tucker was wrong for involving himself in the incident.
A while later, Marshal Moore returned with Deputy Bill McClellen, warrant in hand. The two lawmen then demanded Burns turn over his weapons, stating they had "papers" for him. What followed is confusing, and has never been cleared completely. Burns drew and fired, missing everyone, and despite both lawmen having their pistols unholstered, Tucker was the first to react, drawing and shooting Burns in the ribcage, with the percussion of both the first two shots extinguishing the lamps, thus leaving the men in the dark. Moore and McClellen then also fired on Burns, with McClellen firing one round and Moore firing four in quick succession, all hitting their mark. Burns died immediately.
A decision to file charges against McClellen and Moore was made, based mainly on the fact Burns had been extremely popular with the local miners, and there was a loud public outcry for justice, despite the shooting having been justified. Tucker was not to be charged. On September 3, 1882, an attempt by local authorities to arrest both men was made, but they refused, and no one pressured them. Instead, they went to nearby Central City, and surrendered to authorities there, to avoid a possible lynching in Silver City.
Tucker, although previously told he was cleared, was also arrested, and also jailed in Central City. McClellen was released on bail, and while riding after an all-night drunk, his horse threw him, and he died from injuries from the fall, thus never coming to trial. Tucker and Moore were eventually cleared of the shooting, but Moore was dismissed as marshal. He drifted north into Colorado, where he was killed a year later in a gunfight.
Tucker's reputation suffered as a result of the shooting, but Tucker himself, as those who knew him later commented, seemed to not be bothered by this. On December 14, 1882, Tucker was ambushed by a Mexican man as he entered a brothel in Deming to investigate a complaint, which turned out to be false. He was shot in the shoulder, but he shot and killed one man and one of two prostitutes who were assisting in the assassination attempt. Several other Mexican men also attempted to involve themselves, but backed away when several citizens entered, having heard the gunshots from the street.
Gage train robbery, later life and disappearance.
On November 24, 1883, Tucker was part of a posse led by Sheriff Whitehill, in pursuit of bandits who had robbed a train near Deming, killing the engineer and messenger near Gage Station. The posse captured the gang, but they later escaped from the jail. Again, Whitehill led a posse in pursuit of the gang and two other prisoners, engaging the escapees in a shootout near the mountains outside Silver City. Escapee Carlos Chavez and gang member George Washington Cleavland were killed, posse member Joe Le Fur was killed, with escapee Charles Spencer and gang members Mitch Lee and Frank Taggert surrendering, Lee having been badly wounded. Gang leader Kit Joy escaped, being wounded in the process. The posse hanged all but Spencer on sight. Joy was later wounded again by rancher Erichus “Rackety” Smith, and captured near the Gila River, resulting in Joy being sentenced to life in prison. In November of that year, Tucker arrested York Kelly, an outlaw who had killed three men and murdered a woman who was eight months pregnant, during a bank robbery in Bisbee, Arizona. For a time after this, Tucker operated a saloon in Deming, but in 1885, he was appointed as a Deputy US Marshal for that region.
In November, 1885, he and friend William Graham were involved in a gun battle with marauding Apache warriors 11 miles west of Deming, but they were able to drive the warriors off. Tucker had resigned his position by 1888, and moved on to California. The last time anyone who knew him saw him was in 1892, when he made his last known visit to Grant County. Where he went following that, or when or where he died, remains unknown. Although little known today, Tucker is considered by some historians to have been one of the most dangerous, albeit underestimated, gunmen in the history of the Old West.

</doc>
<doc id="19399276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399276" title="University of Maryland Security Operations Center">
University of Maryland Security Operations Center

The University of Maryland Security Operations Center is responsible for monitoring the near 500 cameras located inside and outside of academic buildings on and around the University of Maryland, College Park campus area. The core of the equipment used at the Security Operations Center is the vast array of closed-circuit video cameras that blanket the campus. These state-of-the-art cameras are able to pan and tilt 360 degrees and zoom long distances, and have a night-vision made that aids in nighttime viewing. Video from the cameras are recorded on Digital Video Recorders 24 hours a day and are available on demand.

</doc>
<doc id="19399277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399277" title="Conway B. Leovy">
Conway B. Leovy

Conway Leovy, Ph. D., (1933-2011) was a professor emeritus of Atmospheric Sciences and Geophysics at the University of Washington, RAND author, former University Corporation for Atmospheric Research Trustee, Fellow of the American Meteorological Society, and American political activist. He was awarded the NASA Exceptional Scientific Achievement Medal and was a co-recipient of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Newcomb Cleveland Prize. In 2000 he won the The Gerard P. Kuiper Prize, awarded annually by the Division for Planetary Sciences of the American Astronomical Society for outstanding lifetime achievement in the field of planetary science.

</doc>
<doc id="19399278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399278" title="Iceland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Iceland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Iceland sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. According to official records, the country was represented by five athletes in athletics, powerlifting and swimming. Their performance was considered satisfactory as two of them improved on their personal records.
Athletics.
2 competitors:
Powerlifting.
1 competitor:
Men
Swimming.
2 competitors:

</doc>
<doc id="19399279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399279" title="Gary O'Toole">
Gary O'Toole

Gary O'Toole, M.D., is a retired Irish Olympic swimmer. He represented Ireland at the Seoul, and Barcelona Games.
While studying at University College Dublin, O'Toole won a 200 m breaststroke silver medal at the 1989 European Long Course Championships in Bonn . He also won a gold medal at the World University Championships in 1991 when representing University College Dublin and UCD. He helped to break 5 National relay records, including Short Course and Longcourse.
As a prominent member of the Irish Amateur Swimming Association, O'Toole had been approached to make representations on behalf of the victims of the George Gibney scandal. Gibney, who coached O'Toole up until he became aware of these allegations, criticised O'Toole publicly during the 1992 Olympics. His complaints were ignored, and led to a major investigation into the incidents and ultimately to the disbandment of the IASA, and the creation of Swim Ireland.
Since his retirement from professional swimming, O'Toole has been a practising Orthopedic surgeon with a specialist interest in 'Cancer' and 'Sports Knee Surgery', although he does provide expert analysis for RTÉ Sport's Olympic swimming coverage.
He is married, to Sorcha and has twin daughters born 2007- Libby and Robyn and lives in Donnybrook, in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="19399281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399281" title="Luxwoude">
Luxwoude

Luxwoude () is a village consisting of about 290 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19399287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399287" title="Barry Cummins">
Barry Cummins

Barry Kenneth Cummins (born January 25, 1949 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who briefly played in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals.

</doc>
<doc id="19399325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399325" title="Langezwaag">
Langezwaag

Langezwaag () is a village consisting of about 1000 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19399330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399330" title="1993 UAB Blazers football team">
1993 UAB Blazers football team

The 1993 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 1993, and was the third team fielded by the school. The team's head coach was Jim Hilyer, who was entered his third season as the UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama and competed as a Division I-AA Independent. The Blazers finished their first season at the I-AA level with a record of nine wins and two losses (9–2). 
Game Summaries.
Troy State.
In the Blazers first game as a Division I-AA Independent, UAB took an early 3–0 lead on a 24-yard Kevin Thomason, only to fall by a final score of 37–3 to the in state Trojans. 
Morehead State.
The Blazers would notch their first win as a Division I-AA Independent, with this 52–14 victory over Morehead State at Legion Field. Pat Green scored both of UAB's first-quarter touchdowns on separate 1-yard runs and took a 14–0 lead. The second quarter saw the Blazers tack on an additional 17 points on a David Thornton touchdown run, a 14-yard John Whitcomb touchdown pass to Jermaine Johnson and a 20-yard Kevin Thomason field goal to take a 31–0 halftime lead.
After Morehead ended the shutout with a pair of third-quarter touchdowns, the Blazers answered with a pair of touchdowns to close the third. The scores came on a 35-yard David Thornton run and on a 67-yard Whitcomb touchdown pass to Derrick Ingram. UAB added a 9-yard Chip Harris touchdown reception from Chris Williams to provide the final 52–14 margin of victory. In the victory, the Blazers had 482 yards of total offense.
Western Kentucky.
In their first game on the road as a Division I-AA Independent, UAB traveled to Bowling Green and see their second defeat in three game with this 41–13 loss to the Hilltoppers. The Blazers scored first on a one-yard Pat Green touchdown run. After Western answered with a touchdown, UAB took the lead for a final time on a second one-yard Green run. After this score, the Blazers were unable to reach the endzone again in this 41–13 defeat.
Miles.
The Blazers would played a "road" game in their home stadium playing cross-town opponent Miles College, and be victorious in this 31–6 victory. With the running game only able to gain 20 yards rushing, John Whitcomb completed 25 passes for 196 yards and a pair of touchdowns. For the game, the Golden Bears were flagged 21 times for 179 yards in the defeat.
Lambuth.
Before a home crowd, UAB defeated the NAIA Division II Lambuth by a final score of 40–14. The Blazers were successful on offense and gained 446 total yards and on defense only allowed 202 yards and made five turnovers in the victory.
Mississippi Valley State.
On the road, the Blazers upset the Delta Devils 33–19 and improved their overall record to 4–2. UAB scored on the first play from scrimmage after Wayne White recovered a MVSU fumble in the endzone for a touchdown. Additional touchdowns came on a one-yard David Thornton run and a three-yard Derrick Ingram reception from John Whitcomb in the victory.
Charleston Southern.
On the road, the Blazers dominated offensively against the Buccaneers, also in their first year at Division I-AA. UAB had 469 yards of total offense with both Derrick Ingram and Marcus McKinney topping the 100-yard receiving mark with 104 and 131 yards respectively.
Wofford.
On the road, Pat Green carried 23 times for 114 yards and John Whitcomb completed 20 of 31 passes for 196 yards in this 23–11 victory.
Butler.
In their fourth consecutive road game, the Blazers were victorious and defeated the Bulldogs 31–27 with John Whitcomb having completed 21 of 31 passes for 380 yards. After spotting Butler 14 points, the Blazers got on the board in the second on a 66-yard Whitcomb touchdown pass Derrick Ingram. Down 21–7 at the start of the second half, UAB responded with scores on four consecutive possessions to take the lead and hold it for the victory. The four scores came on a 17-yard pass from Whitcomb to Lamar Akles, a 42-yard field goal from Kevin Thomason, an 11-yard Ingram reception and 25-yard pass from Whitcomb to Cedrick Buchannon.
Dayton.
Also playing in their first year at Division I-AA, Dayton entered Legion Field with a streak of regular-season game victories at 46, and an overall unbeaten streak of 56 consecutive victories. As time expired, the Flyers exited with their first loss since the 1989 season in this 27–19 Blazers victory. UAB scored first on an 11-yard touchdown pass from John Whitcomb to Derrick Ingram. The touchdown marked the first allowed by the Flyers defense in the first quarter since 1991, and the first overall touchdown allowed since 1991 over a span of 19 games. 
Prairie View A&M.
In the final game of the 1993 season, the Blazers took a 44–6 lead over the Panthers at the half and sent Prairie View to their 35th consecutive loss in this 58–12 blowout victory. John Whitcomb starred in passing for 447 yards on 28 of 38 attempts with six touchdowns. Derrick Ingram also starred with 12 catches for 178 yards and two touchdowns, in addition to becoming the first Blazer to surpass the 1,000-yard plateau in a season with 1,102 total receiving yards. 

</doc>
<doc id="19399338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399338" title="Ram (director)">
Ram (director)

Ram is an Indian film director and screenwriter, who works predominantly in Tamil cinema. After assisting Hindi director Rajkumar Santoshi and working under Balu Mahendra, he made his directorial debut with "Kattradhu Thamizh" (2007), which fetched him strong critical acclaim. His second film "Thanga Meengal" was released by JSK Film Corporation on August 30, 2013. The movie was successful critically & commercially. Besides the box office success, "Thanga Meengal" was the only Tamil film screened in Indian Panorama in IFFI, Goa. It was also screened in the International Children's Film Festival, India in the Children's World section which screens the finest movies of the last decade. The movie won The Best Film, The Best director and Best Child award in the Chennai International Film Festival In 2014 he launched his own production company Catamaran Productions along with Dr. L. Gopinath. The first production venture titled Taramani starring Andrea Jeremiah and new comer Vasanth Ravi is under production.
Career.
Ram, while he was pursuing a Master of Arts in Tamil literature at the Madras Christian College, began writing short stories in Tamil language. He met director Thangar Bachan and worked with him in a few films, who recommended that he meet Hindi film director Rajkumar Santoshi. Since he could not understand Hindi and was unaware about Hindi films and hence did not know who Rajkumar Santoshi was, he was initially reluctant, but eventually decided to meet him and joined him as a script writer, moving to Mumbai subsequently. Ram worked together with Santoshi in several Hindi films, including "Pukar" (2000) and "Lajja" (2001). Ram planned to make a 'cross-over English film on man-woman relationship' and approached Balu Mahendra to handle the cinematography, since he felt Mahendra's style suited his script best. The project failed to take off, but Ram continued working with Mahendra. Though he did not assist him in any of his films, Ram considers Balu Mahendra as his teacher, who, he says, 'converted' him "from being a film maniac to a film student" as he also learned about cinematic techniques from him, particularly about cinematography.
By mid-2006, Ram began working on his directorial debut, initially being titled as "Tamil M.A.", which was later changed to "Kattradhu Thamizh" to get exempted from the entertainment taxation. Ram told that the film would revolve around a young man, who gets into trouble because of his education, quoting that it would show the "pathetic state of our mother tongue in today's society". He selected Jeeva to essay the lead character in his film, after he had seen "Raam" (2005) and been impressed by the actor's performance, while a newcomer Anupama from Mumbai was tipped to play the lead female character of Anandhi first, however she was later replaced by Anjali, who debuted in Tamil cinema with this film. The film was shot for nearly a year across Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Chennai, and gained high anticipation in its finishing stage, mainly due to Jeeva's looks in the promotional stills. "Kattradhu_Thamizh" followed the journey of a lower middle class post-graduate degree holder in Tamil literature, who struggles to find a job and gradually turns a sociopath, frustrated by the inequality in the social stratification. Following its release in October 2007, the film received high critical praise, becoming a "cult classic". "Behindwoods" in its review called the film a "kurinji flower in Indian cinema", citing that "once in a while a movie re-writes Tamil cinema history" and that "Kattradhu Thamizh" was "one such precious gem", further adding that Ram deserved a "standing ovation for not bowing down to commercial format and sticking to his theme with strong conviction". Ram denied that the film was his autobiography, clarifying that, unlike the protagonist in the film, he went on to work as a media consultant and that the film was an autobiography of a fictional character named Prabhakar.
Ram took a sabbatical, beginning to pen a new story titled "Thanga Meengal".Director-producer Gautham Menon eventually accepted to produce it, asking Ram to enact the protagonist's role, which he agreed to after shooting rehearsal scenes with cinematographer P. G. Muthiah and being "thoroughly convinced". "Thanga Meengal" discusses how a common man’s life is twisted and turned by globalization and today’s educational system. "Thanga Meengal" was successful critically and commercially.
Thanga meengal was the only Tamil film selected to Indian Panorama in IFFI, Goa. It was also screened in the International Children's Film Festival, India in the Children's World section which screens the finest movies of the last decade. The movie won The Best Film, The Best director and Best Child award in the Chennai International Film Festival.
On the same day of Thanga Meengal release the first look poster of his next movie Taramani was released. Also Ram launched his own production company 'Catamaran Productions' along with Dr. L. Gopinath and announced that Taramani will be their first venture along with JSK Film Corporation. The movie starring Andrea Jeremiah and newcomer Vasanth Ravi will narrate contemporary relationships in the globalization era. A single song titled 'The Soul of Taramani' written, composed and sung by Andrea Jeremiah was released by Padmasri.Dr. Kamal Hassan along with Padmasri. Dr. Bharatiraja on February 9, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19399350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399350" title="1971 Major League Baseball All-Star Game">
1971 Major League Baseball All-Star Game

The 1971 Major League Baseball All-Star Game, the 42nd such game, was played on July 13, 1971. The all-stars from the American League and the National League faced each other at Tiger Stadium, home of the Detroit Tigers. The American League won by a score of 6-4.
This was the third time that the Tigers had hosted the All-Star Game (at the previous two in 1941 and 1951, Tiger Stadium had been called "Briggs Stadium"). This would be the last time Tiger Stadium hosted the All-Star Game, as when it returned to Detroit in 2005, the Tigers had moved to their new home at Comerica Park.
This was the first American League win since the second All-Star Game of 1962, and would be their last until the 54th All-Star Game in 1983. Over the twenty game stretch from 1963–1982, the American League would go 1–19; the worst stretch for either league in the history of the exhibition.
National League roster.
The National League roster included 15 future "Hall of Fame players and coaches".
American League roster.
The American League squad featured ten future Hall of Fame players and coaches.
Starting lineups.
While the starters were elected by the fans, the batting orders and starting pitchers were selected by the managers.
Umpires.
Jake O'Donnell would retire from umpiring after the 1971 season, after only three years on the job, but would go on to work as a long time referee in the NBA. His work in this game makes him the only person to officiate in a Major League Baseball All-Star Game, and an NBA All-Star Game.
Scoring summary.
The NL opened the scoring off of AL starter Vida Blue in the second inning. Willie Stargell was hit by a pitch to lead off the inning. Two batters later, with one out, Johnny Bench hit a two-run home run.
In the third inning, Hank Aaron launched a two out solo home run (his first career All-Star Game home run) off of Blue to give the NL a 3-0 lead.
The AL responded in the bottom of the third inning. With Dock Ellis still pitching for the NL, Luis Aparicio singled to lead off the inning. Reggie Jackson was sent up to pinch hit for the pitcher, Vida Blue, and hit a two run home run. Rod Carew walked. Three batter later, with two outs, Frank Robinson hit a two run home run to give the AL a 4-3 lead.
In the bottom of the sixth, Ferguson Jenkins, pitching in a relief role for the National League, gave up a single to Al Kaline. The next batter, Harmon Killebrew, launched the third two run home run of the game for the American League.
In the bottom of the eighth, Mickey Lolich of the home town Tigers came in to pitch. In what would be his final All-Star Game at-bat, Roberto Clemente hit a solo home run as the second batter of the inning.
Game notes and records.
Vida Blue was credited with the win. Dock Ellis was credited with the loss. Mickey Lolich was credited with the save.
All of the scoring came via the home run, and all six home runs hit in the game were by future Hall of Fame players The six total home runs hit by both teams tied an All-Star Game record.
Frank Robinson became the first player in All-Star Game history to hit home runs for both leagues over the course of his career.
Reggie Jackson's home run is described as "especially memorable", as it hit one of the light standards on the roof of the stadium, credibly estimated to have landed 520 feet from home plate.
Roberto Clemente would be named to the 1972 National League squad, but would be replaced due to injury. This game marked his final All-Star Game appearance.
A total of 26 future Hall of Famers were present for this game: 21 players, both managers, National League coach Walt
Alston, Hall of Fame umpire Doug Harvey, and future Hall of Fame manager Joe Torre.

</doc>
<doc id="19399352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399352" title="Suzhou Creek">
Suzhou Creek

Suzhou Creek, also called Wusong River, is a river that passes through the Shanghai city centre. It is named after the neighbouring city of Suzhou, Jiangsu, the predominant settlement in this area prior to the rise of Shanghai as a metropolis.
One of the principal outlets of Lake Tai in Wujiang District of Suzhou, Suzhou Creek is long, of which 54 km are within the administrative region of Shanghai and 24 km within the city's highly urbanized parts. It flows into the Huangpu River at the northern end of the Bund in Huangpu District.
History.
Strategic significance.
Suzhou Creek has played an important role for being the demarcation line between political spheres of influences throughout Shanghai's history. After the Treaty of Nanjing forced China to open up in 1842 and Shanghai became an international trade port, the river formed the boundary between the British concession (Southern bank) and the American settlement (Northern bank) until both concessions were merged into the International Settlement in 1863. When the Japanese invaded Shanghai in 1937, the river formed the boundary between the International Settlement (South) and the Japanese concession (North).
Trade route.
Due to Shanghai's role as trade port, from the 1930s Suzhou Creek was an important shipping route, facilitating the transport of goods into the interior of China. Along the river banks, a multitude of warehouses and factories were built at this time, making the region close to the river a significant industrial area. 
In the course of urbanization, local industries withdrew from the city centre, leaving the warehouses and factories abandoned. Up to this point, the river had been heavily polluted by industries as well as domestic waste water, making Suzhou Creek locally known as ""the smelly river"", the most polluted river in Shanghai since the 1920s.
Redevelopment and future.
Since 1992, the Shanghai Municipal Government has been pursuing a redevelopment of the area. In 1998, authorities launched the Suzhou Creek Rehabilitation Project, a 12-year-program to improve the water quality, mitigate flood impact, introduce wastewater and water resource management and push for urban revitalization and a higher living standard in the desolated areas along Suzhou River. In the meantime, Suzhou River is considered clean enough to host annual rowing competitions. 
Originally, most old factories and warehouses along Suzhou River were set be demolished in favour of the construction of modern high-rise buildings in Shanghai's fast-developing city centre, aiming at a social and economic regeneration of the Suzhou River area. However, following initiatives of artists in the late 1990s the riverside has been designated as a protected heritage zone and many warehouses have been conserved, now providing quarters for Shanghai's flourishing art scene.
In 2002, new plans for the redevelopment of the riverfront of Suzhou Creek were approved. These plans, based upon proposals by three international firms, call for the construction of entertainment facilities and of parks along the downtown section of Suzhou Creek between Zhongshan Park and its confluence with Huangpu River, aiming to raise the commercial attractiveness of this central part of the river. New structures include shops, bars and a total of 95 greenbelts at the banks of the river, which are supposed to be planted by 2010, the time the Suzhou Creek Rehabilitation Project is completed. 
While some areas already leased to investors will have to be reclaimed and old residential and industrial facilities are supposed to be replaced, authorities assert that the protection of historical buildings, especially warehouses, will be respected.
Places along the river.
Due to its location in the former International Settlement, a number of landmarks from that period can be found along or close to Suzhou Creek. Following the river westward from its confluence, important or famous places include:
Bridges.
Suzhou Creek is crossed by a number of distinctive bridges, often European in style, the most famous one being Waibaidu Bridge (Garden Bridge) right at its confluence with Huangpu River. 
Facilitating north-south traffic in the ever-growing metropolis, a number of new bridges are currently being constructed. Gubei Road bridge, to be opened in late 2006, will be the longest bridge over the waterway. By 2007, there will be thirty bridges spanning Suzhou Creek.
In the media.
The Suzhou Creek plays a pivotal role in Lou Ye's film "Suzhou River", which shows the lives of ordinary people living in the old quarters of the northern bank of the river at the turn of the millennium, rather than showcasing modern Shanghai.
In the Empire of the Sun (film),Suzhou Creek has an internment camp/POW camp near an airfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19399356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399356" title="Couze">
Couze


</doc>
<doc id="19399360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399360" title="Samy (director)">
Samy (director)

Sami is a Tamil film director. He is also more notoriously known for his slapping controversy with actress, Padmapriya.The South Indian Film Industry imposed a one-year ban on him for his behaviour on set, but later the ban was lifted due to constant lobbying by Producer's associations.

</doc>
<doc id="19399365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399365" title="Little Meadows">
Little Meadows

Little Meadows may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19399390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399390" title="The Jolly Postman">
The Jolly Postman

"The Jolly Postman or Other People's Letters" is an interactive children's picture book by Janet and Allan Ahlberg. The innovative project required five years to complete, and much discussion with both the publisher Heinemann and the printer before it was issued in 1986. The first subject heading assigned by WorldCat is "Toy and movable books". Little, Brown published a U.S. edition in the same year.
"The Jolly Postman" has sold more than six million copies, Allan Ahlberg told "The Guardian" in 2006. It made innovative use of envelopes to include letters, cards, games and a tiny book.
Alternatively, The Jolly Postman is a series of three books including 1991 and 1995 sequels to "The Jolly Postman, or Other people's letters". In the U.K., the first book won the Children's Book Award and the Kurt Maschler Award. The second book won the 1991 Greenaway Medal for British children's book illustration.
Summary.
"The Jolly Postman" follows an unnamed mail carrier as he delivers letters by bicycle to characters from traditional children's stories that are well known in Britain. Following each sheet of narrative verse and illustration, there is one shaped like an envelope and containing one of the postman's deliveries. Each envelope is opened and its enclosure read at that point in the story.
WorldCat gives the entire description: "A Jolly Postman delivers letters to several famous fairy-tale characters such as the Big Bad Wolf, Cinderella, and the Three Bears. Twelve of the pages have been made into six envelopes and contain eight letters and cards. Each letter may be removed from its envelope page and read separately."
Awards.
The Ahlbergs won two major British book awards for "The Jolly Postman", the 1986 Kurt Maschler Award and 1987 Children's Book Award.
The "Emil" figurines from Maschler publishers and Booktrust annually (1982 to 1999) recognised the author(s) of one "work of imagination for children, in which text and illustration are integrated so that each enhances and balances the other."
Janet Ahlberg was a commended runner up for the 1986 Greenaway Medal and she won the 1991 Greenaway for the sequel. The annual award by the Library Association then recognised the year's best children's book illustration by a British subject.
Series.
Following "The Jolly Postman"'s success, the Ahlbergs and Heinemann produced two sequels. The latter, third in the series, was published after Janet's death in 1994. For the second book, "The Jolly Christmas Postman", she won her second Kate Greenaway Medal.
"A Jolly Postman delivers letters to several famous fairy-tale characters such as the Big Bad Wolf, Cinderella, and the Three Bears. Twelve of the pages have been made into six envelopes and contain eight letters and cards. Each letter may be removed from its envelope page and read separately."
"A Jolly Postman delivers Christmas cards to several famous fairy-tale characters such as the Big Bad Wolf, Cinderella, and the Three Bears. Each card may be removed from its envelope page and read separately." -worldcat
"with 6 letters in pockets"
Little, Brown published a U.S. edition in October (next month).
U.K.
U.S.
"Join the jolly postman with his mailbag of delightful deliveries for Dorothy from Oz, Alice from Wonderland, and other favorite storybook characters."

</doc>
<doc id="19399391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399391" title="V. Z. Durai">
V. Z. Durai

V. Z. Durai (Born:Peer Moideen) is a Tamil film director.
Career.
The director, V. Z. Durai revealed that he had approached S. S. Chakravarthy to make the film with Ajith Kumar after failing to get noticed for a long period, getting rejected by four producers for the script. Chakravarthy was supportive and maintained a close link with the film from shoot til post-production, and also played a part in roping in Jyothika for the film.
Prior to the release of the film, Ajith who has happy with the final product gifted a car to the director. The success of the film led to the producer and the director signing another film together, Kadhal Sadugudu featuring Vikram and Priyanka Trivedi.

</doc>
<doc id="19399394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399394" title="Degrees of Certainty">
Degrees of Certainty

Degrees of Certainty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19399397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399397" title="South Mugirango Constituency">
South Mugirango Constituency

South Mugirango is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Gucha District. The constituency was established for the 1992 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19399405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399405" title="Jonkerslân">
Jonkerslân

Jonkerslân () is a village consisting of about 296 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19399413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399413" title="Lippenhuizen">
Lippenhuizen

Lippenhuizen () is a village consisting of about 1320 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. This is where Dutch legend Foppe de Haan was born, other famous people to have lived here are Jan Kromkamp (professional footballer) and J-Mil (a local Frisian rap artist).

</doc>
<doc id="19399420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399420" title="Little Meadows, Maryland">
Little Meadows, Maryland

Little Meadows is located at the foot of Meadow Mountain in western Maryland. It was a common stopping point for British troops during the French and Indian War and was frequented by George Washington.
George Washington and Little Meadows.
After a failed attempt to ask the French to leave the Ohio territory in 1753, Governor Robert Dinwiddie sent Lieutenant Colonel George Washington of the new Virginia Regiment to drive out the French. Starting out from Wills Creek (now Cumberland, Maryland), the expedition stopped at Little Meadows in early May 1754 to make camp. Washington wrote Dinwiddie on May 9, commenting on the local terrain impeding their progress. Washington and his men moved on to ambush French forces and construct Fort Necessity, where they were eventually defeated and forced to return to Cumberland. The ambush and subsequent engagement proved to be a major spark of the French and Indian War, and the larger, worldwide, Seven Years War.
On the 10th of June, 1755 British and American forces left Fort Cumberland, heading west. On the 16th they arrived at Little Meadows, where Sir John St. Clair had made a temporary camp. General Braddock, the overall British commander, was unaccustomed to frontier warfare and so asked Washington for advice, who made preparations to march on Fort Duquesne. While in camp the famous Captain Jack and his forest rangers, men who dressed in leather and cloth and operated as Indians offered their services to Braddock for intelligence and harassing enemy Indians. Braddock detested unconventional warfare and rebuffed their offer. On the 19th of June, Washington and 1,200 troops moved out, accompanied by their Indian allies, towards Fort Duquesne. General Braddock could not abandon the tactics of Europe, making slow progress on their march, only 12 miles in 4 days. As Washington put it, “instead of pushing on with vigor, without regarding a little rough road, they were halting to level every mole hill, and to erect bridges over every brook.” Nine miles from Fort Duquesne, French and Indian forces attacked, eventually defeating the British and mortally wounding Braddock in what came to be known as the Battle of the Monongahela.

</doc>
<doc id="19399421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399421" title="P-17 (Dubai)">
P-17 (Dubai)

P-17 is a mixed use skyscraper proposed for construction in Dubai, United Arab Emirates for the Tasameem group. The design is for a tall building, comprising 78 floors. The building will accommodate offices, a 5-star hotel and serviced apartments, and 176 residential apartments on the upper 19 floors.
Construction was planned to start in November 2008, but construction has still not started. As a result of the financial crisis that hit Dubai in late 2009, P-17 is unlikely to be built.

</doc>
<doc id="19399422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399422" title="Hwagwan">
Hwagwan

Hwagwan is a type of Korean coronet worn by women, traditionally for ceremonial occasions such as weddings. It is similar to the"jokduri" in shape and function, but the "hwagan" is more elaborate.

</doc>
<doc id="19399429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399429" title="Günther Heydemann">
Günther Heydemann

Günther Heydemann (11 January 1914 in Greifswald – 2 January 1986 in Hamburg-Wedel) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Prior to taking command of , Heydemann made two war patrols as watch officer on board under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Jost Metzler.
Summary of career.
As a U-boat commander of Günther Heydmann is credited with the sinking of eight ships for a total of and damaging one warship of .

</doc>
<doc id="19399439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399439" title="Zoltan Kuharszky">
Zoltan Kuharszky

Zoltán Kuhárszky (born July 8, 1959 in Budapest, Hungary) is a former Hungarian tennis player who became a Swiss citizen in 1995. Kuharszky won 2 doubles titles during his professional career. The right-hander reached his highest singles ATP ranking on July 30, 1984, when he became the number 53 in the world, though he never won a singles title in his career.
Kuharszky participated in one Davis Cup tie for Hungary in 1980, posting a 1-1 record in his singles matches as Hungary lost the tie to Switzerland.
Zoltan Kuharszky is currently coaching Petra Martić (CRO) on the WTA Tour. In the past he also coached Anke Huber (GER), Jennifer Capriati (USA), Ana Ivanovic (SRB), Myriam Casanova (SUI), Ágnes Szávay (HUN), and Polona Hercog (SLO).

</doc>
<doc id="19399445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399445" title="Magic Ajji">
Magic Ajji

Magic Ajji is a 2005 Kannada horror film directed by Dinesh Baboo. It was the second digital film to be made in Kannada, the first being Baboo's 2004 "Kanakambari". "Magic Ajji" stars Khushboo as 'Ajji', grandmother and ghost, Master Tejas (Thejas Kesari) as grandson Arjun and Sudharani as Arjun's mother in lead. Other characters include the versatile stalwarts Ramesh Bhatt, Mandya Ramesh, Chi. Gurudatt, Chitra Shenoy, Shivaram, Abhijeet and Pruthviraj. Ganesh of 'Golden Star' fame is also seen here with a cameo. 
"Magic Ajji" deals with a royal family under Ajii (grandmother) played by Khushboo. One of the sons in the family marries a woman belonging to a lower caste (Sudharani), and is disowned by the family. After his premature death, the other family members keep the wife and the son Arjun (Master Tejas) away from the palace. 
Ajji dies on the night of her 100th birthday. She then comes back in the form of a friendly ghost to help Arjun and his mother claim their right in the palace. What follows later is quite entertaining to people of all ages, kids in particular. A special mention has to be made about the special effects involved in the entire movie. One complete song in which Ajji takes all her grandchildren on a tour to heaven involves, quite a lot of special effects and the efforts have certainly not gone in vain. 
A lot of positives coming out of the movie. This might inspire many more high-definition movie productions. Master Tejas is certainly one to watch out for in the near future. All in all, an entertaining movie nevertheless. But the performance at the box-office might have been a little better to the liking of the producers. 

</doc>
<doc id="19399449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399449" title="Thirumurugan">
Thirumurugan

Thirumurugan () is a Tamil film director.
Film career.
Thirumurugan, a Kollywood director, began his career on television with the teleserial "Metti Oli", which earned him a huge fan base, especially among women. His entry into the Kollywood film industry was with "Em Magan" (2006), which was also much talked about. The film was notably appreciated for its linear narration, which discussed familial bonds in a sensitive fashion. After the success of "Em Magan", he partnered with actor Bharath, in a film titled "Muniyandi Vilangial Moonramandu".

</doc>
<doc id="19399454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399454" title="Dangerous Liaisons (disambiguation)">
Dangerous Liaisons (disambiguation)

Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American film adaptation of a Christopher Hampton play based on "Les Liaisons dangereuses", a French novel by Choderlos de Laclos.
Dangerous Liaisons may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19399462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399462" title="Pushkar-Gayathri">
Pushkar-Gayathri

Pushkar-Gayathri are a Tamil film director duo. The pair are married.

</doc>
<doc id="19399463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399463" title="Dance Nation (record label)">
Dance Nation (record label)

Dance Nation is a British independent record label which is a subsidiary of Ministry of Sound. When founded in 2007 it was known as Hard2Beat Records, and was rebranded to its current name in 2010.
The label's first release was "Now You're Gone" by Basshunter, and they have released other singles and compilation albums since then.
In April 2009 they held "Dance Nation Live", a live arena tour across the UK. Basshunter headlined the tour with acts including Sash!, Lasgo, and Platnum.
Dance Nation has its own customised content channel on Audiotube.
Artists On Dance Nation.
2008
2009
2010

</doc>
<doc id="19399471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399471" title="Pontifical Commission">
Pontifical Commission

A Pontifical Commission is a committee of Catholic experts convened by the Pope for a specific purpose. Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="19399476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399476" title="1994 UAB Blazers football team">
1994 UAB Blazers football team

The 1994 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the 1994 NCAA Division I-AA football season, and was the fourth team fielded by the school. The Blazers were led by head coach Jim Hilyer, who entered his fourth season as the UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama and competed as a Division I-AA Independent. The Blazers finished their second season at the I-AA level with a record of seven wins and four losses (7–4). 

</doc>
<doc id="19399478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399478" title="Nashua High School">
Nashua High School

Nashua High School may refer to a school in Nashua, New Hampshire:

</doc>
<doc id="19399483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399483" title="Sergey Ivanov (American football)">
Sergey Ivanov (American football)

Sergey Ivanov (born March 1, 1985 in Moscow, Russia) is an American football safety who is an international practice squad member for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19399484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399484" title="Moldova at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Moldova at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Moldova sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. According to official records, the country's only athletic representative was female powerlifter Larisa Marinenkova.

</doc>
<doc id="19399488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399488" title="George Mitchell (music historian)">
George Mitchell (music historian)

George Mitchell is an American music historian, writer, record producer, musician and photographer.
Born in Coral Gables, Florida, January 9, 1944 and raised in Atlanta, Georgia|, from the 1960s until the 1980s he recorded blues musicians such as Jessie Mae Hemphill, Fred McDowell and Johnny Woods, George Henry Bussey and Jim Bunkley, Charlie Burse and Will Shade, Gus Cannon, Mississippi Joe Callicott, John Lee Ziegler, Jimmy Lee Williams, Furry Lewis, Houston Stackhouse, R. L. Burnside and Sleepy John Estes, later to be issued on Arhoolie Records (late 1960s), Revival Records (1971) and Rounder Records (from c. 1975) as 33 rpm albums, on Arhoolie Records (2000) and Fat Possum Records (2003 ff.) as CDs. George Mitchell also plays the blues himself on an oil-can bass.

</doc>
<doc id="19399491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399491" title="Reinhart Reche">
Reinhart Reche

Reinhart Reche (13 December 1915 in Kreuzburg–3 March 1993 in Bad Godesberg) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="19399492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399492" title="Gandhi Krishna">
Gandhi Krishna

Gandhi Krishna is a Tamil film director. He has worked as an assistant to Shankar before he made his first film.

</doc>
<doc id="19399499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399499" title="Clifton Smith">
Clifton Smith

Clifton Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19399503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399503" title="Madan Mohan">
Madan Mohan

Madan Mohan (Devnagari: मदन मोहन) is a form of the Hindu god, Krishna. 
Krishna is celebrated as "Madan Mohan", who mesmerises everyone. His consort, Radha is glorified as Madan Mohan's "Mohini", the mesmeriser of the mesmeriser for spiritual aspirants. Radha is known as the mediator without whom access to Krishna is not possible.
Originally from Shri Vrindavan, Madan Mohan ji went to Amer in Jaipur with Raja Sawai Jai Singh II - the founder of Jaipur and from there was brought to Karauli in Rajasthan by Maharaj Gopal Singh after he conquered the battle of Daulatabad

</doc>
<doc id="19399515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399515" title="Clifton Smith (return specialist)">
Clifton Smith (return specialist)

Clifton Smith, Jr. (born July 4, 1985) is an American football running back and return specialist who currently plays with the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Fresno State.
Smith has also played for the Miami Dolphins and Cleveland Browns.
Professional career.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Smith was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent following the 2008 NFL Draft on May 5, 2008. He was waived during final cuts on August 30, but was re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 1. He was promoted to the active roster on October 25. In week 9 of the 2008 NFL season in a game against the Kansas City Chiefs, Smith took a kickoff return for a touchdown for 97 yards for just the second time in Buccaneer history. In week 12 of the 2008 NFL season in a game against the Detroit Lions, Smith took a punt return for a touchdown for 70 yards. On December 16, 2008, Smith was named to his first career Pro Bowl as the NFC's return specialist.
During an October 18, 2009 game against the Carolina Panthers, Smith suffered a concussion as a result of being rammed into by Panthers cornerback Dante Wesley while awaiting a punt return. The Panthers received a 15-yard penalty and Wesley was ejected from the game. Smith was placed on injured reserve on December 8, 2009, due to a second concussion.
He was re-signed on May 4, 2010 to a restricted free agent tender. On September 5, after claiming running back Kregg Lumpkin off waivers from the Green Bay Packers, the Buccaneers released Smith.
Miami Dolphins.
On September 7, 2010, Smith signed with the Miami Dolphins. He was released on September 21.
Cleveland Browns.
Smith was signed by the Cleveland Browns on November 16, 2010. He was released on December 1.
Virginia Destroyers.
Smith was signed by the Virginia Destroyers of the United Football League on June 7, 2011.
Calgary Stampeders.
Smith was signed by the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League on September 14, 2013. Smith was activated from the practice roster October 11, 2013 and suited up for his first CFL game against the BC Lions. He made an instant contribution returning the opening kickoff 54 yards. Smith scored his first CFL touchdown in the third quarter on a 6 yard pass from Kevin Glenn.
Personal.
Smith's younger brother, Brandon Breazell, is a wide receiver at UCLA. Smith also has two sisters, Nichole and Brianna Smith. His parents' names are Roxanne Wright and Clifton Smith, Sr. In his spare time, Smith has said that he enjoys playing video games, sleeping and buying shoes. On his Fresno State biography, Smith lists his favorite athlete as Deion Sanders. 
Smith often goes by the nickname "Peanut", used extensively by both teammates and fans.

</doc>
<doc id="19399520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399520" title="Boopathy Pandian">
Boopathy Pandian

Boopathy Pandian is a Tamil film director.
Career.
Bhoopathy Pandian worked as an assistant to Sundar C.. Apart from assisting him, he also wrote dialogues for his films "Winner" and "Giri".
Dhanush signed the film, then titled Ennai Mattum Kadhal Pannu, soon after the success of Thulluvadho Ilamai and the venture was initially set to star Sherin, who appeared alongside him in that film. Since then, the title and the heroine went through a couple pof changes, briefly being referred to as Kadhal Sughamanathu and then finally as Devathayai Kanden, after the popular song of Dhanush-starrer Kadhal Kondein. Sridevi Vijayakumar replaced Sherin as heroine in the film.
The film was announced in late August 2005 with Boopathy Pandian and Dhanush coming together after a previous collaboration in "Devathayai Kanden" (2004). Shriya Saran, who rose to fame in Tamil films after her role in "Mazhai", was signed as the heroine and the film was titled as "Naveena Thiruvilayadal", though the prefix was later dropped. In September 2010, actor Sivaji Ganesan's Fan Club issued legal notice to the film's producer, Vimala Geetha, to change the name of the film "Thiruvilayadal" within 15 days or face legal action before the necessary forum. They had felt that the title was reminiscent of the 1965 Sivaji film of the same name, and felt that the new venture would defame the old film. K. Bhagyaraj was initially pencilled in to play Dhanush's father in the film, but was later replaced by Mouli due to the delay of the film. Shriya Saran was forced to opt out of the film in October 2005 owing to her commitment to work in Rajinikanth's "Sivaji". Reports suggested that either Tamannaah or Ileana may be approached to replace her, while the film's inactivity led to rumours that the film was cancelled.
However in January 2006, Boopathy Pandian confirmed that the film would continue and the remaining portions would be swiftly completed. Shriya however returned to work on the film after she was able to allot dates.
The film opened in December 2006 to positive reviews from critics. Rediff.com noted that "Director Boopathy Pandian has a tight hold on pacing, ensuring that the interest never flags". Another critic from Indiaglitz mentioned that "Bhoopathy Pandian has a good grasp of what makes an entertainer click with the masses. His simple handling of an easy subject sees it through." The film grossed in Tamil Nadu - the highest grosser for actor Dhanush at that time.
In early 2008, Boopathy Pandian first announced a project titled "Naanum En Sandhyavum" ("Me and my Sandhya"), with which he was planning to introduce his younger sibling Arjun Prabhu as an actor. He signed him for the lead male role in the film, whilst Malayalam actress Meera Nandan was approached to essay the lead female character called Sandhya, for which reportedly also Kajal Aggarwal, Bhama and Vedhika were considered. Yuvan Shankar Raja was announced as the music director for film. Following the announcement, however, there were no more news or any further details disclosed in the media and the film got shelved.
In early 2010 then, reports claimed that the director had completed a film titled "Naan Avalai Sandhitha Pozhudhu" ("When I met her"), starring newcomers and featuring Yuvan Shankar Raja's music. Boopathy Pandian had restarted the projects, changing its title and replacing the lead couple by two relatively unknown artists; Balaji Balakrishnan, who starred in the popular STAR Vijay television series "Kana Kaanum Kaalangal" and also appeared in the N. Linguswamy-produced 2009 film "Pattalam", was signed as the male protagonist, whilst Meghana Raj, daughter of actors Sunderraj and Pramila, who was also earlier signed by K. Balachander for his long-delayed production venture "Krishnaleelai", was roped in to enact the role of Sandhya. The title of the film was later changed again to "Kaadhal Solla Vandhen" as disclosed by Balaji on his Facebook site. The film's shooting was primarily carried on in and around Perambalur, with major portions being filmed at the Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan Engineering College.
Following a successful collaboration with the 2007 film "Malaikottai", Vishal and Boopathy Pandian signed terms to make another film together in 2010. Boopathy Pandian subsequently moved on to make a film titled "Vedi" with Vikram in the lead role, but the film was cancelled after an initial schedule. In November 2010, it was reported that Pandian and Vishal would make another film under the Vishal's home banner, GK Films Corporation, in a venture titled "Pattathu Yaanai" and that it would feature the story that Pandian had planned for Vikram in his project "Vedi". In a turn of events, the director decided to opt out of the project and do the film instead with Arya and his banner, Show People. The deal took place without the knowledge of GK Corporation who had paid him and advance, with the production house's director Shriya Reddy criticizing the director. But Arya opted out of the project. Boopathy Pandian after opting out of Telugu film "Jagan Mohan IPS" subsequently agreed again to make the film with Vishal and Michael Rayappan agreed to produce the film under Global Infotainment Ltd.
Reports suggested that Amala Paul was set to be signed on to play the lead female role in the film, but this proved to be untrue. Subsequently Aishwarya Arjun, daughter of actor Arjun, was signed on to make her debut with the film. She would be portraying a Plus 2 student in the film, and was signed after being recommended by director Sundar C. Vadivelu was initially announced to be making a comeback with the film but was later replaced by Santhanam who would be seen in three roles, that of a grandfather, father and son. The film began filming in December 2012 with a lunch event at the AVM studios, with a scene shot of Vishal praying at the Muthukumaraswamy temple in the studio premises. The team shot in locations across Karaikudi, Madurai and Trichy as a part of the initial schedule with Seetha, Jagan and Manobala added to the cast. A first look poster was released on April 14, 2013 depicting Vishal and Santhanam in their respective roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19399532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399532" title="Sasi (director)">
Sasi (director)

Sasi is an Indian film director, screenwriter, working primarily in Tamil cinema based in Chennai. He made his directorial debut with "Sollamale" in 1998 and followed it up with a series of successful romance films "Roja Kootam" (2002), "Dishyum" (2006), "Poo" (2008). His first action film, "555 "Ainthu Ainthu Ainthu", released in August 2013 to positive reviews.
Career.
In January 2007, Sasi announced that he would collaborate again with Srikanth in a project titled "Imm" and the pair spent a year working on the pre-production work of the film. Sasi shelved the venture and chose to make his next film, "Poo" (Flower), after being inspired by the romantic short story of Veyilodu Poi written by Thamizh Selvan, noting that the effect that the story had on him was "mind-blowing" and decided that he had "to take the story to everyone". He chose to utilise a new technical team for the project, choosing to sign up S. S. Kumar and P. G. Muthiah for the music and cinematography respectively, with the pair both passing a selection interview set up by Sasi. Srikanth was retained and the director worked on toning down the actor's complexion, while Malayalam actress Parvathi Menon was selected to play the lead role in the film, and also went through a similar character acclimatisation procedure. Upon release in December 2008, the film gained positive reviews with a critic noting "the one man who deserves an ovation here is director Sasi", "handling the story, screenplay, dialogue and direction, he has given a product that will please all true lovers of cinema and he must also be credited with extracting moving performances from the cast." A reviewer from Rediff.com wrote "as far as screenplays and performances go, Sasi has a winner on his hands. Few rural sagas are this refreshing or poetic." The film subsequently won accolades at several regional award ceremonies such as the 56th Filmfare Awards South, Vijay Awards and the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards, where it won recognition including a special mention in the Best Film category as another for portraying women in good light. The film was also screened across international film festivals, notably at the Los Angeles Indian Film Festival, and won Sasi the Best Director award in Ahmedabad Film Festival.
Sasi began work on his next, his first action entertainer, in late 2008 and worked on the script of the film, initially titled "Puyal" for almost two years. The director had casually narrated the story to Bharath and the actor, impressed with the narration, approached the producers of the film to cast him in the lead role and Sasi obliged. Since 2010, the actor has expressed how important the film will be to his career and worked out to sport a six pack in the film. The film titled "Ainthu Ainthu Ainthu" (555), which also features Mirthika and Erica Fernandes, eventually released after several delays in August 2013 and won critical acclaim. A critic from Behindwoods.com noted "Sasi is a master teller when it comes to narrate a story about love and its finer aspects and there would always be a kind of poignancy in them. 555 is no exception", while another critic noted "The non-linear screenplay is a huge plus in making the film interesting".

</doc>
<doc id="19399536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399536" title="Tuluŋigraq">
Tuluŋigraq

In the form of Inuit mythology in vogue among the Iñupiaq Eskimo of north-western Alaska, Tuluŋigraq was a god created by the primordial "aana" (or "grandmother") goddess. (cf. the god Tulugaak of the eastern Eskimo)

</doc>
<doc id="19399538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399538" title="Will C. Barnes">
Will C. Barnes

Will Croft Barnes (June 21, 1858 – December 17, 1936), a private in the U.S. Army Signal Corps, was distinguished for his action in the battle at Fort Apache, Arizona Territory on September 11, 1881. When Fort Apache was besieged by warriors of Geronimo, Barnes escaped and rode to Fort Thomas. Soldiers from Fort Thomas came to the aid of Fort Apache. For his gallantry, Barnes received the Medal of Honor on November 8, 1882, the citation noting his "bravery in action."
Biography.
He was born on June 21, 1858 and was the author of "Arizona Place Names" and associate editor of "Arizona Historical Review," both published by the University of Arizona Press. He joined the Army from Washington, D.C. in July 1879, and was discharged with the rank of Sergeant in July 1883.
After leaving military service, Barnes worked as a rancher in Arizona, and served in the legislatures of Arizona Territory. He also wrote several books.
Beginning in 1907 he served for twenty-one years in the United States Forest Service. In this capacity he and a companion traveled across southern Texas to round up the last of the Longhorn cattle, thus saving the breed from extinction. The Longhorns were shipped to the Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge in Oklahoma.
He was born in San Francisco, California, and entered the service at Washington, D.C.. He died in Phoenix, Arizona, and is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Namesake.
The U.S. Army Reserve Center in Phoenix, Arizona and the Fort Huachuca Field House are named in his honor. Two memorial plaques were dedicated to him in Papago Park designating Barnes Butte.

</doc>
<doc id="19399541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399541" title="Hwarot">
Hwarot

Hwarot is a type of traditional Korean clothing worn during the Goryeo and Joseon Dynasty by royal women for ceremonial occasions or by commoners for weddings. It originated from the Kingdom of Khotan, Central Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19399543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399543" title="Christ Church, Southwark">
Christ Church, Southwark

Christ Church, Southwark, is a church of the Anglican denomination situated on the west side of Blackfriars Road, London. At the time of the foundation there was no bridge at Blackfriars and so no major road connecting the area to the south or to the City.
The parish of Christ Church, Surrey was created by Act in 1682 in the manor of Paris Garden as a result of the gift under the direction of the executors of John Marshall, a member of a Southwark family of “whitebakers”. This was previously part of the St Saviour’s parish. His will, of 1627, provided from 1637 and directed that a new church should be built and a Rector be appointed and paid for in that Manor, the most easterly part of St Saviour's parish. He died in 1631. The church was built in 1671. 
This charity still provides for these purposes. The John Marshall Trustees are independent of the parochial charities and the wealth they have accumulated for its objects are distributed over most of the counties of Kent, Surrey (including those parts now in Greater London) and Lincolnshire. The beneficiaries are Rectors of parishes of the Church of England. The first charge on the charity is the maintenance of Christchurch which they have completely rebuilt in 1738. The first had been built on marshy ground, and by the 1720s was in a poor condition and collapsed. By an Act of Parliament dated 1738, the trustees were empowered to demolish the church and rebuild it in an improved enclosure. By 1741 the new Christ Church had been completed in Italian Romanesque style with a clocktower rising in three stages from the ground, surmounted by an octagonal lantern and cupola.
The current church was built in 1958, following total destruction of the previous building in 1941, during the London Blitz. 
Marshall is commemorated in the porch of the church by his coat of arms and also the attached church hall is also named after him. It is also the home of the South London Industrial Mission.
Its parish coincided with the manor of "Paris Garden", mentioned by Shakespeare in his play Henry VIII as being -at that time- a disreputable place. Its jurisdiction was outside that of the Bishop of Winchester's 'Liberty of the Clink' to its east and the Archbishop of Canterbury's Manor of Lambeth to its west. 
Today this is an office location north of Southwark Station on the London Underground Jubilee Line, and forms part of the London Borough of Southwark.
Notes.
Printed information sheet “John Marshall’s Charity” ca 1995, provided by Clerk to the Trustees. 
Papers of the United Charities of Christchurch. 
Report of the Charity Commission South London Parish Charities 1822 pp72–75.
Report of the Charity Commission South London Parish Charities 1890 pp 92–99

</doc>
<doc id="19399547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399547" title="Maass wave form">
Maass wave form

In mathematics, a Maass wave form is a function on the upper half plane that transforms like a modular form but need not be holomorphic. They were first studied by Hans Maass in .
Definition.
A Maass wave form is defined to be a continuous complex-valued function "f" of τ = "x" + "iy" in the upper half plane satisfying the following conditions:
A weak Maass wave form is defined similarly but without the growth condition at cusps.

</doc>
<doc id="19399549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399549" title="Gurdwara Handi Sahib">
Gurdwara Handi Sahib

Gurdwara Handi Sahib is situated in Danapur is a cantonment station, 20 km west of old Patna City. Guru Tegh Bahadur had returned to Punjab in April 1670 leaving his family behind at Patna. The family after leaving Patna Sahib made their first halt here. An old lady named Mai Pardhani served a kettleful (handi) of khichari to them after which the shrine subsequently built here was named as Handiwali Sangat, which is now called Gurdwara handi Sahib.

</doc>
<doc id="19399550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399550" title="V. Priya">
V. Priya

V. Priya is a Tamil film director. She worked as an assistant to director Mani Ratnam after learning her craft under Suhasini Mani Ratnam.

</doc>
<doc id="19399551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399551" title="The Stoop (album)">
The Stoop (album)

The Stoop is the 2008 studio debut album released by duo Little Jackie on the S-Curve label. The album produced a single hit, "The World Should Revolve Around Me", which reached #92 on the Pop 100 Billboard chart and peaked at #14 on the UK Singles Chart. The album itself did not fare as well on the UK Albums Chart, where it peaked at #138.
Critical reception.
The album has been very well received by critics. 
"The New York Times" praised the songwriting as "modern and quick-tongued" with "insouciant, articulate takes on relationships in various stages of disaster".
Associated Press indicated that the music was "contemporary and classic", with a "funky Motown vibe mixed with hip-hop beats".
Billboard called the album an excellent debut and said Coppola's fans would be pleased by the "bubbly blend of swinging hip-hop rhythms, bright R&B horns and sassy soul-siren vocals." 
"Salon" said that the album provided "a perfect soundtrack for a lazy summer day" and that Coppola has a "knack for satire."
Blues & Soul spoke about the music having "A bittersweet musical vibe that combines a respectful nod to the soulful Motown rhythms of the past with a sneer to the many social and cultural issues that consume today's public."
Music.
Pallin indicated that the song "28 Butts", about a woman wasting her life, was pivotal to the album with respect to its vibe, which helped set the tone for the rest. Coppola says that in terms of the lyrics she had to tone herself down, as she was "going through a little angry phase, getting in touch with my inner whore." But though the material may be angry, "Billboard" noted that "attacks on brain-dead celebutantes and deadbeat boyfriends rarely feel like this much fun."
"The World Should Revolve Around Me" was the first single and video off the album. According to Coppola, the song, which was inspired by a break-up, talks about people's need for space, reflecting the kind of thing that people say when they are angry that they might later regret.
The lyrics to "Cryin' for the Queen" are a diatribe launched against chemically-impaired foreign performers that appears to be directed specifically at Amy Winehouse.
Salon singled out two other songs for comment, noting that in "Go Hard or Go Home" Coppola talked about deep family scars without self pity and that the title track of the album captures both the "comforts and craziness of home" even for those who might not "have a Brooklyn stoop to sit on."
The song "The Stoop" appears in the 2009 movie "The Final Destination", an episode of "90210" and in "New York Goes To Hollywood" when Little Jackie asked for Tiffany Pollard's help (New York) to record backing vocals. The song "28 Butts" appears in a season 4 episode of "Criminal Minds" (titled '52 Pickup').
Tracklist.
"Except where otherwise noted, all songs by Imani Coppola, Mike Mangini and Adam Pallin".

</doc>
<doc id="19399558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399558" title="Vasanthabalan">
Vasanthabalan

Vasanthabalan is a Tamil film director. He has made critically acclaimed films including "Veyil" and "Angadi Theru".
Career.
The director began his career with "Album", which failed at the box-office. His second film, produced by S Pictures company, "Veyil" became a blockbuster and was shown as the Indian representative at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. Post Veyil, the director struck gold again with "Angadi Theru" which showcases a romantic tale set in the famous Ranganathan Street in the city of Chennai, Tamil Nadu. The film won critical acclaim and was a commercial success as well. It was shortlisted for India's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. His latest release is "Aravaan", a period film based on the novel "Kaaval Kottam" that reflects the life of people of South Tamil Nadu in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19399570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399570" title="Ecclesiastical Commission">
Ecclesiastical Commission

The term Ecclesiastical Commission may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19399574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399574" title="KKLR-FM">
KKLR-FM

KKLR-FM (94.5 FM, "Clear 94") is a radio station licensed to serve Poplar Bluff, Missouri. The station is owned by Max Media. It airs a country music format. KKLR serves Poplar Bluff, southeast Missouri and extreme northeast Arkansas. KKLR's signal can be heard from West Plains, Missouri to Union City, Tennessee and from Farmington, Missouri to Osceola, Arkansas.
The station was assigned the KKLR call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on August 31, 1989.
Ownership.
In December 2003, Mississippi River Radio, acting as Max Media LLC (John Trinder, president/COO), reached an agreement to purchase WCIL, WCIL-FM, WUEZ, WXLT, WOOZ-FM, WJPF, KGIR, KZIM, KEZS-FM, KCGQ-FM, KMAL, KLSC, KWOC, KJEZ, KKLR-FM, KGKS, and KSIM from the Zimmer Radio Group (James L. Zimmer, owner). The reported value of this 17 station transaction was $43 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19399581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399581" title="Tim Jacobs">
Tim Jacobs

Timothy James Jacobs (born March 28, 1952 in Keswick, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman who briefly played in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals.

</doc>
<doc id="19399584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399584" title="Karl Neitzel">
Karl Neitzel

Karl Neitzel (30 January 1901 – 13 November 1966) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As commander of "U-510", Neitzel is credited with the sinking of three merchant ships totalling , damaging another two ships of that it had to be considered a total loss and damaging seven further ships of .

</doc>
<doc id="19399586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399586" title="Alwin Hammers">
Alwin Hammers

Alwin Hammers (born 2 November 1942 in Bitburg, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German theologian.
Hammers was born at Bitburg. During his childhood he lived in Mürlenbach, Eifel. He studied philosophy and theology in Trier. He wanted to become a roman-catholic priest. During his university studies he met his wife. He married and the family has two children. Hammers stopped to become a priest and studied psychology. He worked in Roman Catholic Diocese of Trier as teacher for Roman Catholic priests in divinity school. As professor Hammers worked in sector "pastoral psychology".
Hammers wrote 1997 in a study, that around 25% of Roman Catholic priests are gay. 
On 21 November 2007 Hammers retired as professor.

</doc>
<doc id="19399592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399592" title="Islamabad Marriott Hotel bombing">
Islamabad Marriott Hotel bombing

The Islamabad Marriott Hotel bombing occurred during the night of 20 September 2008, when a dump truck filled with explosives detonated in front of the Marriott Hotel in the Pakistani capital Islamabad, killing at least 54 people, injuring at least 266 and leaving a 60 ft (20 m) wide, 20 ft (6 m) deep crater outside the hotel. The majority of the casualties were Pakistanis; although at least five foreign nationals were killed and fifteen others reported injured. The attack occurred mere hours after President Asif Ali Zardari made his first speech to the Pakistani parliament.
The Marriott hotel was the most prestigious hotel in the capital, located near government buildings, diplomatic missions, embassies and high commissions.
During the investigation, three suspected terrorists were arrested by the Pakistani police. They were suspected of having facilitated the suicide bomber. However later they were acquitted of all charges as no evidence was ever presented against them.
A few months after its bombing, the Government of Pakistan had re-constructed the hotel and the Islamabad Marriott reopened officially on 28 December 2008.
Attack.
The hotel blast caused a severe natural gas leak that set the top floor of the five-story, 258-room hotel on fire, police said. The explosion was heard 15 kilometres away. The blaze that followed quickly engulfed the entire structure of the Marriott hotel. About two-thirds of the building caught fire as a result of the explosion after a natural gas pipe was blown open, and the reception area was completely destroyed.
The owner of the Marriott Hotel, Hashoo Group, owned by Sadruddin Hashwani, who is an Ismaili Muslim, said the truck carrying the bomb had been stopped at the front barrier. "Some shots were fired. One of our guards fired back, and in the meantime the suicide bomber detonated all the explosives. All the guards on the gate died", said Hashwani.
Most of the dead were Pakistani citizens, but foreigners also died from other countries. Two American military personnel and a Danish intelligence agent were killed, and a U.S. State Department employee was missing and presumed dead. The Czech ambassador to Pakistan, Dr. Ivo Žďárek, also died in the ensuing fire along with his Vietnamese companion. Although Žďárek had survived the initial blast, he returned to the hotel to help in the rescue effort but was trapped in the burning building. In addition, six Germans, four Britons and a Filipina receptionist from the hotel were among the injured.
Meeting of the Pakistani leadership.
Pakistan's top leaders were to have been in the Islamabad Marriott hotel when it was bombed; instead, having changed their plans at the last minute, they gathered for dinner at the Prime Minister's house, a few hundred yards from the explosion, following President Asif Ali Zardari maiden address to a joint session of parliament. "The national assembly speaker had arranged a dinner for the entire leadership – for the president, prime minister and armed services chiefs – at the Marriott that day", the Interior ministry head, Rehman Malik, told reporters.
However, the hotel owner, Sadruddin Hashwani, denied that such a meeting had ever been scheduled to take place. According to a spokesman for Hashwani, "We didn't have any reservation for such a dinner that the government official is talking about."
Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik said both Zardari and Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani condemned the attack and vowed their determination to deal with terrorism, with Law Minister Farooq Naek stating "this is Pakistan's 9/11".
Explosives used.
Government advisor Rehman Malik said RDX and TNT were used in the attack. Approximately of RDX was mixed with TNT (Torpex or H6) and a mixture of mortar and ammunition to increase the explosive capacity. Aluminum powder was also mixed with the material to further enhance this capability. Torpex is about fifty percent more powerful than TNT by weight. The blast was heard for many miles throughout the capital.
"Delay switches" might also have been used. Guards were first alerted by a minor blast, which was followed by the much larger explosion about four minutes later.
Video of the attack.
The Pakistani government released the CCTV footage of the attack at a press conference saying that a six-wheeled dumper truck filled with explosives and an accelerant pulled up at the gate and first caught fire before exploding a few minutes later.
American presence.
An unnamed senior security official stated that about 30 U.S. Marines, scheduled to go to Afghanistan, were staying at the hotel, and they were believed to be the targets of the bombing. This conflicted with information given by another unnamed official who stated that the Marines were in Pakistan in connection with the visit by U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike Mullen who met the Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and other government officials on Wednesday The personnel were staying on the fourth floor of the hotel, which was also among the most severely damaged by the fire which ensued following the bomb blast. According to the "Dawn", a number of the marines who stayed at the hotel sustained injuries; the newspaper also cited an unnamed law enforcement official stating "personnel of a U.S. security agency" were in all likelihood target of the attack. There are also reports that more Americans were present at the hotel, as several senior CIA officers were visiting Islamabad at the time of the attack and believed to be staying at the hotel, according to unnamed "well placed sources". A 29 May 2009 press release from NSA reads: CTM3 Matthew J. O'Bryant, USN, a Navy Cryptologist, was assigned to Navy Information Operations Command (NIOC) Maryland. CTM3 O'Bryant made the ultimate sacrifice on 20 September 2008 while performing a cryptologic mission in Pakistan. The hotel has a direct line of sight to the telecom system in Islamabad Pakistan. 
The other American soldier killed was Major Rodolfo Ivan Rodriguez, USAF. Major Rodriguez was doing work for the US Embassy and staying at the Marriott at the time of the attack.
Claims of American soldiers breaching security.
An MP for the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party, Syed Mumtaz Alam Gillani, has come forward with testimony evidencing a purportedly serious security breach at the Marriott on the night between 16 and 17 September, several days before the bombing. Alam Gillani and two friends are said to have witnessed several large steel boxes being unloaded from a U.S. Embassy truck by a group of U.S. Marines and, according to someone at the hotel, transported to the fourth and fifth floors. Among the several people who witnessed this incident was Pakistan Peoples Party leader Sajjad Chaudhry. However, Alam Gilani was the only one who objected to and protested the apparent security breach taking place, but was met with silence from the American Marines. The hotel security staff did not respond to Alam Gilani's protests as they passively watched what was taking place, not being allowed to go near the boxes by the U.S. Marines. Alam Gillani has since denounced the newspaper account, asserting that he was merely making light conversation with the journalist, however, the newspaper stands by its account. Pakistani authorities are also investigating this issue.
The American Embassy has said that it routinely rents rooms at the Marriott. Confronted with the activities of the U.S. Marines on the night between 16 and 17 September, embassy spokesperson Lou Fintor stated: "A team of support personnel often and routinely precede and/or accompany certain U.S. government officials. They often carry communication and office equipment required to support large delegations, such as high-level administration officials and members of the U.S. Congress." However, the incident occurred after Admiral Mullen's departure.
Consequences.
President Asif Ali Zardari was considering delaying his visit to the US to attend the UN General Assembly session in the wake of the bombing. MP Ayaz Amir said that he felt that the president should cancel his visit given the circumstances, and instead should combat terrorism and extremism. He added, "I believe that the UN General Assembly annual session is the most useless event in the world where leaders go to listen their own speeches." However, Zardari did make it to New York for the opening of the new session of the General Assembly.
Due to the attack, British Airways suspended flights to Islamabad as a precautionary measure "until further notice." American schools and universities in Islamabad has closed rest of the week until further notice has reached.
Terror pledge.
The BBC reported that Pakistan was an important ally of the United States in its "war on terror", but that it had disagreements over tactics and had complained about US raids from Afghanistan. Following an apparent power vacuum as a result of the stepping down of former president Pervez Musharraf earlier in the month, U.S. missile-strikes had increased, culminating in the Baghar Cheena airstrike on 17 September.
After the event, president Asif Ali Zardari appealed for "all democratic forces" to help to save Pakistan and he pledged to rid Pakistan of Islamic militants: "Terrorism is a cancer in Pakistan, we are determined, God willing, we will rid the country of this cancer. I promise you that such actions by these cowards will not lower our resolve." Pakistan's chief adviser on internal security, Rehman Malik, said "the authorities would fight on until the last terrorist is cleared. We think that the safe Pakistan, safe Afghanistan is safety for the world and therefore we will not let them have easy way."
Possible perpetrators.
A Taliban spokesperson denied the group's involvement in the blast, saying they "do not believe in killing so many locals."
An American intelligence official stated that the attack "bears all the hallmarks of a terrorist operation carried out by Al Qaeda or its associates."
Some investigators suspect another Islamist group, Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami, is responsible for the attack based upon the similarities between this incident and four previous attacks allegedly conducted by its operatives.
Dubai-based Arabiya Television says a group calling itself "Fedayeen Islam" (also spelled "Fedayan-i-Islam"), variously translated as "Islamic Commandos" or "Islamic Patriots" has called Arabiya's correspondent in the Pakistani capital, Islamabad. The correspondent said he received a text message on his mobile phone showing a telephone number. He said he called the number and then heard a recording in which the group admitted launching Saturday's attack. The Arabiya television correspondent says the speaker spoke in English language with a South Asian accent. The Fedayeen Islam group has issued several demands including for Pakistan to stop its cooperation with the United States.
U.S. airstrike.
On 1 January 2009 a missile fired from an unmanned aerial vehicle killed al-Qaeda's Pakistan operations chief, Usama al-Kini and his aide Sheikh Ahmed Salim Swedan. U.S. officials stated that they believed that al-Kini masterminded the hotel bombing, among other attacks such as the 1998 embassy attacks in East Africa.
Fund.
The "Islamabad Marriott Assistance Fund" was started by the owner of the hotel as the blast and resulting fires killed about 40 hotel staff, including the security guards who had tried to avert the disaster, while scores of other employees were also wounded.
Sadruddin Hashwani said: "We have set up a fund to cater for the future expenses of the families of employees either killed or wounded in the attack." He announced that he would make an initial donation of US$126,000 to the fund, and appealed for people to donate generously.
The Marriott International and The J. Willard and Alice S. Marriott Foundation also made contributions to the fund, established through United Way to provide financial assistance to the associates and their families affected by the tragedy.
Investigation.
A panel that the government had formed, consisting of police officials and experts from security agencies to probe the attack, presented a preliminary report to the Prime Minister. The Interior Secretary Syed Kamal Shah also admitted to the Senate's Standing Committee on his ministry that the blast was the result of a defective security system. He added that the Islamabad police chief has said intelligence agencies had informed the police about an explosive-laden vehicle entering the city to carry out an attack.
Three suspected terrorists Mohammed Aqeel (possibly Dr. Usman), Rana Ilyas and Hameed Afzal were arrested in Peshawar on 17 October by the Pakistani police with connection to the attack were remanded to police custody for 7 days on 18 October for questioning by an anti-terrorism court. They were suspected of having facilitated the suicide bomber. In requesting the court for a 10-day remand, the police also said they hoped to arrest more suspects with information from the three. Judge Sakhi Muhammad Kahut, who remanded the trio to police custody, also ordered police to produce them in court again on 24 October.
Another Dr. Usman, possibly the same man, went on in 2009 to take part in the attack on the Sri Lanka national cricket team and the raid against the Pakistani Army Headquarters.
Police said that Qari Ishtiaq, who is said to be the commander of Punjabi Tehrik-i-Taliban, was arrested from Bahawalpur on the information provided by the Hijratullah who has been jailed for 10 years due to his role in Lahore police academy attacks. Seven other militants were arrested from different parts of Punjab regions. Four hundred kilograms (880 lb) of explosives were also seized from Qari Ishtiaq.
On 5 May 2010, Mohammed Aqeel, Rana Ilyas, Muhammad Hamid Afzal and Tahseen Ullah were acquitted of all charges as no evidence was ever presented against them.

</doc>
<doc id="19399603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399603" title="Baptista de Andrade-class corvette">
Baptista de Andrade-class corvette

The Baptista de Andrade were a class of four Portuguese designed corvettes, built for the Portuguese Navy by BAZAN in Spain in the 1970s. They are an updated version of the "João Coutinho" class corvettes - designed by the Portuguese naval engineer Rogério de Oliveira - with more modern armament and sensors.
Like the "João Coutinho" ships, the "Baptista de Andrade" corvettes were intended to operate in the Portuguese overseas territories. Allegedly, the ships would originally be intended to the South African Navy, the delivery being canceled after the Portuguese Carnation Revolution in 1974. After Portugal withdrew from its colonies, the four ships were due to be sold to the Colombian Navy in 1977 but the deal was not completed.
One ship, the NRP "Oliveira e Carmo", was decommissioned in 1999, the other three are in service but are due to retire soon and be replaced by "Viana do Castelo" class OPV's.

</doc>
<doc id="19399604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399604" title="1995 UAB Blazers football team">
1995 UAB Blazers football team

The 1995 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the 1995 NCAA Division I-AA football season, and was the fifth team fielded by the school. The Blazers were led by head coach was Watson Brown, in his first season as the UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama and competed as a Division I-AA Independent. The Blazers finished their third and final season at the I-AA level with a record of five wins and six losses (5–6). 

</doc>
<doc id="19399623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399623" title="Roopnagar">
Roopnagar

Roopnagar is a town in erstwhile Udaipur state in Rajasthan. It is situated on the summit of the Aravallis, between the Desuri and Someshwar passes. Steep and precipitous hill-sides render the village unapproachable from the north and east. It is defended by outworks overlooking the plains and the Desuri pass on the west and south. Founded about 1772 by Thakur Veeramdeo, it is the principal seat of Solankis in Mewar, and is one of Greater 32 Nobles of Mewar court. The site was chosen solely for defence of the Pass of Desuri and Someshwar. There is no cultivation belonging to the town, nor is any revenue derived from it. Thakur of Roopnagar held the jagir of 84 villages on both sides of the Aravalli Range.

</doc>
<doc id="19399624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399624" title="Karu Pazhaniappan">
Karu Pazhaniappan

Karu Pazhanaiappan is a Tamil film director.
Biography.
He hails from Karaikudi, known as capital of Chettinad,affluent in cultural heritage. His parents are Thiru Pala. Chinna Karuppaiah and Thirumathi Nagammai and Karu Palaniappan is the eldest amongst their 3 children.
Books appealed to Palaniappan right from childhood. His dad Chinna Karuppiaah, a trader is an ardent reader. His interests lay not merely in magazines and newspapers but varied from classics to popular writers like Kannadasan, Jayakanthan, Ashokamithran. Following the saying ‘Like father like son’ Palaniappan inherited this ‘love of reading’ from his dad, right from when he was able to read A B C
His passion for reading books spread its wings to learning languages, writing, acting and elocution. His innate style of starting midway through a debate and expressing his thoughts with eloquence, charismatically grabbing the attention of the audience and keeping them spellbound, winning their applause and admiration…presented him with countless trophies, certificates and accolades.
After his schooling in Madurai Seventh day Adventist, he studied English Literature in the renowned American College, Madurai (under grad) and mastered in Literature in Madurai Thiyagaraja College. His intense pursuit of Tamil literature secured him the covetable student training course in Vikatan Group of Magazines.
His sustained reading and movies watched with zest and zeal created an affiliation to cinema within Palaniappan, thus inspiring his first toddler steps into Kollywood on 1994. Though he is acclaimed as director Parthiban’s protégé Palaniappan worked under two other directors. With Mr. Parthiban he worked in Pullakuttikaaran (Parent) and House full. His grey cells contributed to Director Dharani’s stories that didn’t get transformed into films in the sandwiched time frame between his Edhirum pudhirum and Dhil. He worked under director Ezhil in "Thullatha Manamum Thullum", "Pennin Manathai Thottu" and Poovellam Un Vasam. Palaniappan married his Pia, and has two children, Iniya (Daughter) and Dhaya (Son).
Career.
Karu. Pazhaniappan is known for his natural narration and the impeccable characterization. He made his debut Tamil film "Parthiban Kanavu" a Srikanth – Sneha Starrer. The film became one of the biggest hits of the year. The story line of a true love won appreciation from film critics. His second film "Sivappathigaram" with Vishal fared well at the box office. His "Pirivom Santhippom" got major attention of the family audience. His next film was "Manthirapunnagai" in which he debuted as hero, His second film with Srikanth called "Sathurangam" was finished in 2006 which was remained unreleased for a long time and atlast released in 2011.
Filmography.
Assistant Director.
huibb
Awards.
Tamil Nadu State Award 
Parthiban Kanavu – 2003
Tamil Nadu State Film Award 
Sadhurangam – 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19399626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399626" title="Peak Forest railway station">
Peak Forest railway station

Peak Forest railway station was opened in 1867 by the Midland Railway on its extension of the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway from Rowsley, part of the main Midland Line from Manchester to London. It was also the northern junction for the line from Buxton. It closed in 1967 and the platforms were demolished shortly afterwards. As at 2012 the station building still survives as offices which support the large quarry terminal close by. Locomotives are stabled here instead of running back to Buxton depot (which is now closed). A short section of one platform has been reinstated for railway staff use. The station is easily visible from the nearby road from Dove Holes. Although it was named Peak Forest it was actually adjacent to the present-day settlement of Peak Dale.
It marked the summit of the line before it dropped through Dove Holes Tunnel to Chapel-en-le-Frith Central.

</doc>
<doc id="19399630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399630" title="Capricorn (Jay Chou album)">
Capricorn (Jay Chou album)

Capricorn () is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou's ninth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 14 October 2008. by JVR Music and distributed by Sony Music Taiwan. The album is based on his zodiac sign, Capricorn and his interest in illusion. Like Chou's previous album, "On the Run", this album was also leaked on the internet prior to the scheduled release date.
"稻香" (Rice Aroma) the first lead track was released for airplay on 22 September 2008. The second lead track is "說好的幸福呢" (Promised Happiness), with the music video directed by Chou and co-stars Chou and Taiwanese actress Chen Kuangyi. The other lead track, "蛇舞" (Snake Dance) is a duet with Lara Veronin, the lead female vocalist of Taiwanese band, Nan Quan Mama. The music video for "花海" (Ocean of Flowers) features Taiwanese actor Baron Chen, whom co-starred with Chou in "Kung Fu Dunk".
Reception.
The album broke Chou's previous record for pre-order sales, with more than 90,000 copies ordered. To thank the fans for their support, JVR Music decided to include gifts of Capricorn poker cards and calendar. This inclusion was cited to be the reason for the delay of the release date to 14 October 2008. On the day of its release 887,000 copies were shipped across Asia.
The tracks "稻香" (Rice Aroma), "給我一首歌的時間" (Give Me the Time of a Song) and "說好的幸福呢" (Promised Happiness) are listed at number 3, 17 and 56 respectively on Hit Fm Taiwan's "Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart" (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2008.
The track, "稻香" (Rice Aroma) won one of the "Top 10 Songs of the Year" at the 2009 HITO Radio Music Awards presented by Taiwanese radio station Hit FM.
In 2009, the album was nominated for eight awards at the 20th Golden Melody Awards It was awarded "Best Song of the Year" for "稻香" (Rice Aroma), "Best Music Video" for Chou for "魔術先生" (Mr. Magic) and "Best Male Mandarin Artist" for Chou for his work on this album.
Track contents.
"Dragon Rider" 龍戰騎士 (Lóng Zhàn Qí Shì)
The rap-rock song begins with a string instrument introduction, then jumps to the main rock part. In this track, the verses are rapped and sung, and the chorus is sung. Instruments include electric guitar and synthesizer.
Leaked Versions.
Prior to 1 October, the airplay version of Rice Aroma (稻香), featuring voiceover commentary by Jay Chou, was widely available for download on mainland Chinese websites. Various track demos were also available for download.
On 1 October, the entire album was leaked and instantly became widely available for download on Chinese websites. The album-leaks featured full-length non-demo MP3 files, unlike the previous leaks, and being of high quality with no sound edits. (Chinese sites are known to "tag" prerelease music files with a spoken voiceover of a website name, to state "ownership".) The leaked album totaled at 101MB, uncompressed (with each file at 320kbit, 44100 Hz Stereo).
The leaked album featured false, alternate song titles, which were created by the sites that hosted the leaked files, and are different to the official song titles.
JVR Music has filed a police report against the leakage.

</doc>
<doc id="19399645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399645" title="Hans Maass">
Hans Maass

Hans Maass (; June 17, 1911, Hamburg – April 15, 1992) was a German mathematician who introduced Maass wave forms and Koecher–Maass series and Maass–Selberg relations. Maass was a student of Erich Hecke.

</doc>
<doc id="19399653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399653" title="Oxford Music Hall">
Oxford Music Hall

Oxford Music Hall was a music hall located in Westminster, London at the corner of Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road. It was established on the site of a former public house, the Boar and Castle, by Charles Morton, in 1861. In 1917 the music hall was converted into a legitimate theatre and renamed the New Oxford Theatre, but in 1926 it closed and was demolished. 
The site was occupied by the first Virgin Megastore from 1979 and closed in 2009. In September 2012 a branch of the budget fashion retailer Primark opened on the site.
Early history.
After the success of the Canterbury Music Hall, many music halls imitating the formula opened in London. The Oxford Music Hall was designed by Messrs Finch Hill and Edward Paraire. The architecturally ambitious hall included deep balconies on three sides and a wide stage in front of an apse. It opened on 26 March 1861 as Morton's competitor to the nearby Weston's Music Hall despite Henry Weston's appeal to the magistrates that there were already too many music halls in the area. At the opening, opera singers Charles Santley and Euphrosyne Parepa-Rosa performed. 
The hall quickly became one of London's most popular music halls and was run by Morton and his brother in law, Frederick Stanley. The partners continued to run the Canterbury, with acts moving between the halls in coaches. Many notable performers of the day appeared at the Oxford Music Hall, including Marie Lloyd, George Robey and Arthur Roberts, and the hall was famous for its lively barmaids. The barrister Arthur Munby visited the hall in March 1862 and found that:
The hall burned down on 11 February 1868 and again on 1 November 1872, but each time it was rebuilt by the same firm of architects; and over the years the hall was enlarged. By 1873, a square proscenium replaced the apse, and benches replaced the supper tables – with a broad promenade running where the rear balcony boxes had been – reflecting changes in the way music halls were used. "The Entr'acte" wrote in 1881: "As a structure, the Oxford is, in our humble opinion, the handsomest hall in London." 
Later years.
In its early years, the hall offered a significant amount of classical music in its programmes. However, in 1879, Charles Dickens wrote that "the operatic selections which were at one time the distinguishing feature of the Oxford have of late years been discontinued", and the hall's programmes after that date evidence a move to popular musical forms. In 1891, the Oxford became a 'Syndicate Hall' under the management of the company that also managed the Tivoli and London Pavilion. This period of the theatre was captured by Walter Sickert in a series of paintings in 1892. The theatre was rebuilt to a design by Wylson and Long, with a conventional stage, 1,040 seats including boxes, domed ceiling and opulently decorated interior, and reopened on 31 January 1893. In 1891, George Robey and in 1895, Harry Tate made their solo débuts on the stage.
In 1917, the hall was converted into a legitimate theatre, and the musical "The Better 'Ole", by well-known cartoonist Bruce Bairnsfather, enjoyed a run of 811 performances. In 1921, the Phoenix Society revived Ben Jonson's long forgotten "Bartholomew Fair". Later that year, the theatre was renovated by Charles B. Cochran, and a mix of films and plays were shown. A London production of the hit Broadway musical "Little Nellie Kelly" played at the theatre between July 1923 and February 1924. In 1926, the theatre closed and was demolished.
Later uses of the site.
A large Lyons Corner House restaurant was later built on the site of the old Oxford. From 1979, this much-modified building was occupied by the first Virgin Megastore, which was rebranded as Zavvi in 2007 and closed its stores in 2009. In September 2012 a branch of the budget fashion retailer Primark opened on the site.
For a 1944 film, "Champagne Charlie", the stage and bar of the Oxford during the 1860s was recreated with the "lion comique" and 'top of the bill' Alfred Vance played by Stanley Holloway.

</doc>
<doc id="19399661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399661" title="Trimalchio's Feast and other mini-mysteries">
Trimalchio's Feast and other mini-mysteries

"Trimalchio's Feast and other mini-mysteries" is a collection of stories by Caroline Lawrence, published in 2007 as part of the Roman Mysteries series. The stories are set in Ostia and Rome between AD 79 and AD 81, in the intervals of time between the novels. In addition to the stories, the author includes a brief account of how she came to write each one, and at the end is an interview with Jon Appleton in which she talks about the secrets of writing mysteries.
The stories.
The Case of the Missing Coin.
This is a solo Flavia adventure, set between the first and second novels. Flavia solves the case based purely on a description of the crime scene. Pandora, the ill-treated daughter of a poor Roman, comes to Flavia for help, convinced her father's scheming slave girl has stolen a coin Pandora's father gave her to go shopping, and Pandora fears her father's wrath. Flavia listens to Pandora's description of her room, and concludes that the slave girl has hidden the coin in her lamp. Pandora returns delightedly the next day to say that Flavia was right, and the slave girl has been sold as punishment.
Trimalchio's Feast.
This is an account of Lupus's disastrous birthday party, mentioned in "The Enemies of Jupiter", and the events leading up to it. It explains why Lupus has no pet, although at one time he had three. The title is an allusion to the Roman text "Cena Trimalchionis", part of the "Satyricon", although the Trimalchio in this story is a monkey.
Jonathan vs. Ira.
This is a first-person narrative, in diary form, and recounts the feelings and experiences of Jonathan when he was training as a gladiator in Rome after the events of "The Enemies of Jupiter".
The Case of the Citrus-Wood Table.
This mini-mystery takes place in April AD 80, between "The Gladiators of Capua" and "The Colossus of Rhodes". Flavia is hot on the search for clues when a surprisingly valuable table disappears, but Jonathan solves the case.
The Case of the Talking Statue.
The longest of the stories, this mystery is set in October AD 80, between "The Charioteer of Delphi" and "The Slave-girl from Jerusalem", at a time of political campaigning in Ostia. It begins when Alma hears a cult statue in the shrine of Spes say: "Hope will blossom when Ostia picks the crocus". While reserving judgement about whether a god could be talking through the statue, the detectives investigate other possible explanations for the prodigy.
Death by Vespasian.
This story is in the form of a draft of a report from Bato to the Emperor Titus. While the eventual report would clearly be an example of an unreliable narrator, a more honest story emerges through the crossings-out. As Bato admits, the case is a good example of the four friends working together to solve a mystery - in this case, the shocking murder of a Roman senator. The story is set after "The Slave-girl from Jerusalem"; Bato makes a reference to his testimony in court and the new house it earned him. Bato also comments on Mordecai's broken appearance, though seeming unaware of his daughter's death. Bato's report apparently helped Titus to decide to send the children on the quest for the emerald, in "The Beggar of Volubilis".

</doc>
<doc id="19399662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399662" title="Sendai Kamotsu">
Sendai Kamotsu

History.
Sendai Kamotsu formed in 2001 before Nightmare became successful, beginning their activities in 2002. They took part in the first Cannonball omnibus and toured with Doremidan and Shulla. They were first featured in Nightmare's "Jishou -Shounen Terrorist-" PV, minus Chiba.
2002 - 2010.
Their first two demo tapes, "Kimochi" and "Saipan" were released in April and July 2002, respectively. Their first album, "Okuru Kotoba" came out in April 2004. After that was a yearly single and an album release, starting with "N.M.N-No More Nayamimuyo-" in February 2006, "Kamisama Mou Sukoshi Dake" and their popular album, "Jinsei Game" in July 2006, "Gei School Otokogumi" in October 2007 and "Umanamide" in October 2008. On September 5, 2009, they announced that the band will be going on a break due to the company going bankrupt from the recession of the economy. The story of their bankruptcy was played out in their "Fukyou no Kaze" PV. The band had their final shows at the end of October in Sendai and at Nippon Budokan on November 5, 2009 titled "Fukyou no Kaze~Sendai Kamotsu ~Forever~." They released their 3rd album, "Deko" on October 28, 2009. It reached #15 in the Oricon Charts.
Since the band's hiatus, vocalist Chiba (supposedly the younger brother of Nightmare's vocalist, Yomi) has begun a solo career under the name . Kurihara joined him again as sound manipulator. Chiba's first solo single, was released on October 6, 2010. He embarked on a short solo tour in 3 live houses: Nagoya Diamond Hall, Osaka Big Cat, and Shibuya O-East. The short tour was called . Their last Budokan live DVD and CD was released October 6, 2010 alongside "Gira Gira Boys."
Revival (2012 - Present).
The revival of Sendai Kamotsu was recently announced on their homepage. Chiba stated the reason for their revival was because Japan was in crisis and needed a hero. The sextet toured with their 4 show tour in the summer of 2012, as well as releasing two new songs via Dwango for download; "Hero ~Return of the Red Justice~" and "Okuru Kotoba 2." They begin another tour on December 23, 2012 titled .
Since the revival, Chiba has been going under his solo name Igaguri Chiba and has released a mini album titled Vol.1". He was also a special musical guest at FanimeCon on May 26, 2012. This was his U.S. debut performance. Upon returning from the U.S., Chiba had embarked on a short tour titled "Bitch Boys ~Forever Your Love~." Sendai Kamotsu participated in Kishidan Banpaku 2012, a rock n' roll Olympic hosted by Kishidan. It had been announced that they will be releasing a "Best Of" album titled in Spring 2013. They have recently announced that they have left their previous label, Universal J, and joined avex entertainment as well after begging his big brother Yomi for a contact. Even though they're officially under avex, their official label is called "G-nation!" 
Image.
Sendai Kamotsu style themselves as a delivery company, with a uniform of red boilersuits. The members of the band call themselves "Employees". They even cited "company bankruptcy" as the reason for their hiatus in 2009, since the activities of the band had been detracting from business. The band's rallying cry is that they love "Gay People" and fans have been known to shout "one more gay" to begin encores at live performances.
Members.
The members of Sendai Kamotsu and their Nightmare counterparts are: 

</doc>
<doc id="19399665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399665" title="Sheikh Ali khan Zangeneh">
Sheikh Ali khan Zangeneh

Grand Vizier of Shah Suleiman of Persia (1669-1691) (1079-1101 Hijri). He was from the Kurdish clan of Zanganeh, Kermanshah. His text endowment in Bisuton, is placed upon the Bas Relief of Mithridates II of Parthia.
According to this text, written in Thuluth calligraphy, Sheikh Ali khan Zangeneh dedicated four shares (out of six) of his properties in Ghareh-vali and Chambatan (local villages) for Sada'ats (descendants of the prophet Mohammad) and the two remaining shares for the Bistun Safavid caravansarai.

</doc>
<doc id="19399682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399682" title="Vetrimaaran">
Vetrimaaran

Vetrimaaran () is an Indian film director, working in the Tamil film industry. He made his directorial debut with the critically acclaimed "Polladhavan" (2007). His second feature film "Aadukalam" (2011) won five National Film Awards, with Vetrimaaran receiving two awards for Best Direction and Best Screenplay.
Personal life.
Vetrimaaran's father Dr. V. Chitravel was a veterinary scientist and his mother Megala Chitravel is a noted novelist. He was born in Cuddalore. Then he moved to Ranipet. He studied till his tenth grade in Ranipet, a suburb of Vellore. He then moved to Chennai to do his higher secondary education at YMCA College of Physical Education in the hope of becoming a cricketer. After failing to get through the selection of TN state team, he gave up the idea and enrolled himself in Loyola College, Chennai, to study English literature in 1994, and was in there until 1999 when he discontinued his Masters degree to pursue a career in the film world. After pursuing an elective course called "Television presentation" offered by the Loyola Department of Visual Communication in 1995, Vetrimaaran started to show interest towards film making. He is married to Aarthi who is working as a General Manager in a MNC company

</doc>
<doc id="19399697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399697" title="My Weight Loss Coach">
My Weight Loss Coach

My Weight Loss Coach (known as My Health Coach: Manage Your Weight in Europe) is a game for the Nintendo DS portable video game system. It was released on June 24, 2008 by Ubisoft and developed by Ubisoft Montreal.
The game has a built in pedometer and tracks the daily intake and fitness of the user.
Reception.
The game received mixed reviews on Metacritic, scoring an average of 63%.
IGN rated the game a 7, and said that: "My Weight Loss Coach isn't some cure-all casual game, but it's a neat companion to a full-on workout, or a great way to learn a bit more about the much-needed lifestyle change that comes with working out and eating right."
IT Reviews was a bit less enthusiastic, commenting that the game was "more of an informational guide than a motivational tool and even in this light the results and dietary advice on offer mostly consist of ball-park estimations that will have little impact on fine-tuning a lifestyle. Shop around and you'll find it available cheaply, however, so DS owners who may have considered buying a pedometer could do far worse than pick up this application for its additional feedback and ability to record and store daily activity."
EuroGamer said that: "As an actual coach it really only works in general terms: there's no way to finely tailor the experience for your own capabilities in ways that an actual person could, and there's not much to commit you if the determination lapses."

</doc>
<doc id="19399698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399698" title="Serbian constitutional referendum, 1992">
Serbian constitutional referendum, 1992

A referendum on state symbols was held in the Republic of Serbia on 31 May 1992. The referendum decided the flag, the national anthem and the coat of arms. Although the referendum failed due to low turnout, the National Assembly recommended that the red star be removed from the Serbian flag on 21 June.
Background.
For the republic's flag, the choice was to keep the Serbian flag with a red star as in socialist times or to remove it. For the coat of arms, the choice was to keep the Serbian shield with firesteels and cross or to include the bicephalic eagle of the House of Nemanjić. For the republic's anthem, Bože pravde and Marš na Drinu were offered. The results showed a majority of voters preferred keeping the red star on the flag, to keep the Serbian shield with firesteels, and to choose Marš na Drinu as the anthem.

</doc>
<doc id="19399706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399706" title="Henry Johnstone Jr.">
Henry Johnstone Jr.

Henry Johnstone Jr. (1920–2000) was an American philosopher and rhetorician known especially for his notion of the "rhetorical wedge" and his re-evaluation of the "ad hominem" fallacy. He was Professor of Philosophy at The Pennsylvania State University (1952–1984) and began studying Classics in the late 1970s. He was the founder and longtime editor of the journal "Philosophy and Rhetoric" and edited also the "Journal of Speculative Philosophy".

</doc>
<doc id="19399708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399708" title="Joni Henson">
Joni Henson

Joni Henson (born May 31, 1977) is a Canadian operatic soprano who was born and raised in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. 
Henson's voice has been described as "thrilling and lilting" by Paula Citron of Opera Canada who says Henson "is clearly heading for a glittering career"
Henson has received very favourable reviews internationally and has been awarded top honours at several singing competitions in Europe, most notably receiving the Opera Grand Prize at the XVth Concours International de Chant de Verviers in Belgium and First Place Opera and French Melodie Awards at the Concours International de Chant de Marmande in France.
She continues to perform with the Canadian Opera Company, the Vancouver Symphony, the Kingston Symphony, and with the Toronto Mendelssohn Choir. Joni Henson, is considered a young ambassador for the Sault Ste. Marie community and was inducted into the Sault Ste. Marie Walk of Fame on September 20, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19399713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399713" title="Short Back 'n' Sides">
Short Back 'n' Sides

"Short Back 'n' Sides" is the fifth solo album of Ian Hunter. Unsure of which direction he should take, Ian Hunter finally decided to collaborate with Mick Jones, who gave Hunter's songs a tougher and heavier touch. Fellow Clash member Topper Headon as well as Mick Ronson, Todd Rundgren and Ellen Foley also appeared on this album.
In 1995, Chrysalis released a 2 CD set with a remastered version of the album and bonus CD with outtakes of the Chrysalis period.
Track listing.
All songs written by Ian Hunter

</doc>
<doc id="19399731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399731" title="Maass">
Maass

Maass or Maaß is a German surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19399742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399742" title="M. Sasikumar">
M. Sasikumar

M. Sasikumar is a Tamil film director, actor and producer. He is best known in the Tamil film industry for his debut film "Subramaniapuram" (2008). The low-budget film received attention for its original script, direction, screenplay, editing and accurate sets and costumes resurrecting Madurai from the 1980s.
Early life.
Sasikumar studied business administration in Vellaichamy Nadar College, Madurai. He began working in films through his uncle Kandasaamy when he was 20, who produced "Sethu" (1999). Sasikumar worked as an assistant director for the film, where he made the acquaintance of Ameer, who also assisting and went on to make a name for himself. He assisted director Ameer in "Mounam Pesiyadhe" (2002) and "Raam" (2005). It was during the initial phases of Ameer's "Paruthiveeran" (2007) that he began his groundwork for "Subramaniapuram" and left the production to focus on his film.
Career.
He directed, acted and produced the film "Subramaniapuram" in 2008, his debut directorial venture. "Subramaniapuram" centers on a set of vagabond youths in Madurai during the 1980s and their lives that gets entangled in politics and crime, eventually leading to tragedy. "Subramaniapuram", shot in 85 days, received critical acclaim and became a box-office grosser.
Acting.
Sasikumar acted in "Subramaniapuram" as Parama and in Naadodigal (2009) as Karuna, directed by Samuthirakani. He also acted in a Malayalam film,"Masters" (2012) as Milan Paul alongside Prithviraj.
Production.
After the success of "Subramaniapuram", Sasikumar produced "Pasanga" (2009), directed by debutant Pandiraj, and the self-directed "Easan" (2010). His most recent production ventures include "Poraali" (2011) and "Sundarapandian" (2012).
His forthcoming movie is "Thalaimuraigal" directed by Balu Mahendra who acts along with Sasikumar for the 1st time in his career

</doc>
<doc id="19399747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399747" title="Peter Laurie">
Peter Laurie

Sir Peter Laurie (3 March 1778 – 3 December 1861) was a British politician who served as Lord Mayor of London.
He was appointed Sheriff of the City of London for 1823 and elected Lord Mayor for 1832. From 1838 until his death, he was Chairman of the Union Bank. He also worked as a saddler, who supplied saddles for the Indian army, and wrote two books on prison reform. He was knighted in 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="19399770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399770" title="2006 FIA GT3 European Championship season">
2006 FIA GT3 European Championship season

The 2006 FIA GT3 European Championship season was the inaugural season of the FIA GT3 European Championship. The season began on May 2, 2006 and ended on September 17, 2006 and featured ten one-hour races over five rounds.
Schedule.
All races were one hour in length, and served as support races for the FIA GT Championship.
Championships.
Drivers Championship.
Points are awarded to the top eight finishers in the order 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1

</doc>
<doc id="19399791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399791" title="Sélune">
Sélune

The Sélune is a 91 km long river in the Manche department, Normandy, France, beginning near Saint-Cyr-du-Bailleul. It empties into the bay of Mont Saint-Michel (part of the English Channel) near Avranches, close to the mouth of the Sée river. Other towns along the Sélune are Barenton, Saint-Hilaire-du-Harcouët and Ducey.

</doc>
<doc id="19399801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399801" title="Indonesia Christian Church">
Indonesia Christian Church

The Indonesian Christian Church (GKI, originally: Gereja Kristen Indonesia) is an Indonesian Christian denomination. The church's theology is Calvinist. 
History.
GKI was established in continuity with the Indonesian Christian Church in West Java, Central Java and East Java. These three denominations were originally independent, each arising from separate missionary initiatives conducted by local and foreign missionaries. The first of these denominations to be established, later coming to be known as the Indonesian Christian Church East Java, was incorporated on 22 February 1934. Six years later, and coming to be known as the Indonesian Christian Church West Java, the second denomination was incorporated on 24 March 1940. Finally, on 8 August 1945, the Indonesian Christian Churches Central Java was incorporated. Since 27 March 1962, the three denominations have been united as the Indonesian Christian Church, with the overall governing responsibility maintained by the General Synod ("Sinode Am"), which aims to co-ordinate united efforts towards common goals.
Both GKI West Java and GKI East Java were originally affiliated with the Dutch "Hervormd" mission, whereas GKI Central Java was affiliated with the Dutch "Gereformeerd" mission. Additionally, GKI West Java originally included a number of congregations operating as a distinct presbytery, which was affiliated with local and foreign Chinese Evangelical missions. Despite the differences in liturgy and church government between the various congregations and denominations, all the congregation from the three previous GKIs, without exception, consented to the merger at the time GKI united. 
Organization.
GKI's organization consists of congregation, presbytery, regional synod and Synod. Each organization respectively leads by congregation council (session), presbytery council, regional synod council and synod council. As the Synod consists of regional synods, regional synod consists of presbyteries, presbytery consists of congregations, so synod council consists of all regional synod councils, regional synod council consists of all presbytery councils and presbytery council consists of all congregational councils. In short synod council consists of all GKI councils which are composed of elders and ministers.
Church government in congregation runs by executive congregation council, in presbytery runs by executive presbytery council, in regional synod runs by executive regional synod council and in synod runs by executive synod council. This kind of organization acknowledged as presbyterial-Synodal system. What was unique as GKI Presbyterial-Synodal, each form of GKI church organization has its own council as servant-leadership, not merely as an executive board.
Assembly.
The most authoritative forum to make decision in each form of church organization is assembly. The assembly is respective assembly of council in its own scope. The only fact of hierarchy in GKI is the broader scope has more authoritative. The assembly of congregational council has to submit to assembly of presbytery council, assembly of presbytery council has to submit to assembly of regional synod council and assembly of regional synod council has to submit to assembly of synod council.
Regional Synods.
There are three regional synod in GKI: Regional Synod in East Java, Regional Synod in West Java and Regional Synod in Central Java.
Statistics.
The church has almost 180,000 members in 200 parishes and 114 house fellowships in 2004. The church had 220 000 members in 217 congregations in 2012.
Presbyteries.
in East Java
1.Presbytery of Banyuwangi
2.Presbytery of Bojonegoro
3.Presbytery of Madiun
in West Java
4.Presbytery of Jakarta Barat
5.Presbytery of Jakarta Timur
6.Presbytery of Jakarta Utara
7.Presbytery of Jakarta Selatan
8.Presbytery of Bandung
9.Presbytery of Priangan
10.Presbytery of Cirebon
in Central Java
11.Presbytery of Jakarta I
12.Presbytery of Jakarta II
13.Presbytery of Semarang Barat
14.Presbytery of Semarang Timur
15.Presbytery of Magelang
16.Presbytery of Jogja
17.Presbytery of Solo 
18. Presbytery of Purwokerto
Church Functions.
Church functions in GKI are minister and elder. GKI deliberately choosing less number of church functions. Since Elder ( Greek: "presbuteros") is a function which GKI believed as being permanent function since the OT to the NT. Whereas minister (Greek: "episkopos") is an inheritance function from NT church. However there are a few congregations keeping on the deacon function in their fidelity to old Calvinism.
Liturgy.
GKI Liturgy is adapting and referring to Lima Document and BEM Document of WCC. The Word of God ministered by adapting Lectionary (RCL). GKI holds two sacraments, baptism and communion.
Decision Making.
Decision making in each meeting and assembly is undertaken with conciliation method which is parallel to consensus method.
Ecumenical Commitment.
GKI committed to ecumenism by way of become active member of World Council of Churches, World Communion of Reformed Churches, and co-founder of Christian Conference of Asia and Communion of Churches in Indonesia (PGI).
The uniting of GKI has been positioning GKI as the only church unity in the Indonesian ecumenical family, and one of the eight churches in the Asian and one of the eighteen churches in the global ecumenical family which formed united and uniting churches.
GKI is undertaking partnership with the Protestant Church in the Netherlands, the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America and the Uniting Church in Australia.
Theology.
GKI is valuing its theological heritage which originally come from Pietism, Calvinism (both "Hervormd" and "Gereformeerd") and Methodism, but prominently typified as mainline Protestant. GKI is doing theology contextually as a church living in the midst of Muslim community. GKI was deliberately discontinue its ethnic bond (Chinese descendant) as ethnic church to be multi-ethnic national church in 1958.
The church affirms the Apostles Creed, Nicene Creed, Athanasian Creed and the Heidelberg Catechism.

</doc>
<doc id="19399807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399807" title="Christ Church, Lambeth">
Christ Church, Lambeth

Christ Church, Lambeth, was founded by the Rev Dr Christopher Newman Hall in the 1870s as a Congregational chapel forming part of a complex of new mission buildings, including the Lincoln Tower and a new premises for Hawkstone Hall. On Newman Hall's retirement, it passed to F.B.Meyer.
Christopher Newman Hall's "Christ Church" took its congregation largely from his previous chapel, the famous independent Methodist and Congregational Surrey Chapel that had been founded by the Rev. Rowland Hill and continued by Rev James Sherman.
The Modern-day chapel.
Christ Church was rebuilt on a smaller scale in the late 1950s and early 1960s, following the destruction of the original church during the Second World War, and was combined with Upton Chapel (Baptist), which had also been destroyed during the war (the Lambeth Road "Upton Chapel" had been built in 1862, providing a purpose-built chapel for baptist meetings that had been originated in 1785 by James Upton). 
Today the chapel is known in this combined form, as "Christ Church & Upton Chapel" United Reformed, and more recently as "Church.co.uk, Waterloo" following its association with the Oasis Trust (the aims of the Oasis Trust are to provide and support education, housing, health care and employment across the world, as well as support and leadership to local churches).
The modern-day chapel looks inconspicuous on the outside, being integrated into an office block of a modernist architectural style. Its historic roots become clearer in its interior, which is now used as a cafe as well as a chapel. Here, a plaque, dating from 1894, has been displayed – salvaged from its bomb-damaged predecessor chapel built by Christopher Newman Hall. This reads:
The interior also hosts an attractive stained glass window of considerable span, which partially illuminates the chapel from the east and depicts religious scenes.
On the exterior of the modern chapel, a foundation stone records some of the details its rebuilding in 1959. The architect was P.J.Darvall ARIBA, the minister was Rev. P. Saunders, and the stone was laid by J. Rider Smith.
The Victorian chapel.
The Victorian 'Christ Church' was bombed during the Second World War, and only the associated Lincoln Memorial Tower, an adjoining part of the original 'Christ church' complex, remains to this day. However, the original foundation stone of Christopher Newman Hall's "Christ Church" was salvaged after the destruction of the Second World War, and has been conveniently placed at the foot of the nearby Lincoln Memorial Tower on Westminster Bridge Road. It reads; 

</doc>
<doc id="19399826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399826" title="Balwant Gargi">
Balwant Gargi

Balwant Gargi (4 December 1916 – 22 April 2003) (, Balwant Gārgi, Hindi: बलवंत गार्गी, Balwant Gārgi) was a renowned Punjabi language dramatist, theatre director, novelist, and short story writer, and academic.
Early life.
Balwant Gargi Born on 4 December 1916 in Neeta Khandan in Bathinda (Punjab). Balwant Gargi was born in a house in the Neeta Mal street, near the 1800-year-old historical Gobind Fort, famous for being the spot where Razia Sultan was imprisoned. The second son in the family of Shiv Chand, a Head Clerk in the Irrigation Department, he would go on create history in the world of Indian and Punjabi literature.
Gargi studied at Government College Lahore, and completed M.A.(English) and M.A.(Political Science) from FC College in Lahore. He also studied theatre with Norah Richards at her school in Kangra Valley.
Plays.
Gargi wrote several plays, including "Loha Kutt", "Kesro", "Kanak Di Balli", "Sohni Mahiwal", "Sultan Razia", "Soukan", "Mirza Sahiba" and "Dhooni di Agg" and short stories "Mircha Wala Sadh", "Pattan di Berhi" and "Kuari Disi". His plays were translated into 12 languages, and have been performed around the world, including Moscow, London, New Delhi and around the USA.
Gargi's first play, "Loha kutt" (English:Blacksmith) in 1944 became controversial for its stark picture of the Punjab countryside. At that juncture, he focused on poverty, illiteracy, ignorance, and superstition marking rural life, which continued in "Saelpathar" (English:Petrified Stone) in 1949, "Navan mudh" (English:New Beginning) in 1950, and "Ghugi" (English:Dove) in 1950. In the 1950 edition of Loha kutt, he resorted to drawing poetic and dramatic elements from J. M. Synge and Garcia Lorca. In subsequent works like "Kanak di balli" (English:Stalk of Wheat) in 1968 and "Dhuni di agg" (English:Fire in the Furnace) in 1977, these became his chief vehicles. For all the specificity of native locale, the former deflected as much towards Lorca's Blood Wedding as the latter reminded one of Yerma. In "Mirza-Sahiban" in 1976, customs and conventions came in for bitter censure. Gradually, Gargi's preoccupation with sex, violence, and death became almost an obsession. Antonin Artaud`s theatre of cruelty grew into his categorical imperative. This required his dramaturgy to proceed through mythopoeia, which turns explicit in his last plays.
In "Saunkan" (English:Rival Women) in 1979, the paradigm of Yama-Yami, the Hindu god of death and his twin sister, becomes an occasion to glorify sexual union. Altogether dispensing with socio-political discourse, he turned to his new theme with a vengeance in "Abhisarka" (English:Lover) in 1990. His penchant for the unexpected grew all-powerful.
For subject matter Gargi moved freely over social milieu, mythology, history, and folklore. For form and technique he relied as much upon Sanskrit classics as on Lorca's poetic drama, Brecht's epic theatre, or Artaud's theatre of cruelty. In the composition and performance of his dozen full-length plays and five collections of one-act drama, he traveled from the realistic to the mythopoeic mode. 
In addition to this dramatic corpus, his short stories began to be published in English. A book, "Folk Theatre of India", published in New York and two semi-autobiographical novels in English and Punjabi, "The Naked Triangle (Nangi Dhup)" and "The Purple Moonlight (Kashni Vehra)" brought him to the forefront of cosmopolitan attention.
Balwant Gargi was among the pioneers of playwriting in Punjabi and the production and telecast of his plays like "Sanjha Chulha" on Doordarshan received countrywide appreciation
Awards.
Gargi was awarded the Sahitya Akademi award, the highest Indian literary award, in 1962 for his play "Rang Manch". This was followed by the Padma Shri (1972), and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Punjabi Playwriting in 1998. Gargi is one of the few artistic to win both the Sahitya Akademi and Sangeet Natak Akademi awards.
Theatre and teaching.
Balwant Gargi taught for two years (1966–67) at the University of Washington, where he met his wife Jeanne Henry. This period was the basis of his autobiography "The Naked Triangle"
He was the founder-director of the Indian Theatre Department, Panjab University, Chandigarh. The open air theatre at the department is named after him. His students include Anupam Kher, Kiron Kher, Satish Kaushik, Poonam Dhillon, and many other current Bollywood stars.
Over the years, Gargi lectured and taught as a Distinguished Visiting Professor at Harvard University, Vassar College, Mount Holyoke College, Trinity College, University of Hawaii, Yale University, and many other renowned international institutions.
His children, Manu Gargi and Jannat Gargi are settled in USA. Manu is a producer of films in Hollywood.
References.
balwant gargi

</doc>
<doc id="19399848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399848" title="1996 UAB Blazers football team">
1996 UAB Blazers football team

The 1996 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season, and was the sixth team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Watson Brown, who entered his second season as the UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama and competed as a Division I-A Independent. The Blazers would finish their inaugural season at the I-A level with a record of five wins and six losses (5–6). 

</doc>
<doc id="19399863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399863" title="2008 China Open – Men's Doubles">
2008 China Open – Men's Doubles

Rik de Voest and Ashley Fisher are the defending champions, but de Voest chose not to participate, and only Fisher competed that year.
Fisher partnered with Bobby Reynolds, but Stephen Huss and Ross Hutchins defeated them 7–5, 6–4, in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19399892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399892" title="Lloyd Bitzer">
Lloyd Bitzer

Lloyd Bitzer (born 1931) is Professor Emeritus at the University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science. As a rhetorician he is best known for the concept of "the rhetorical situation." Marilyn Young has characterized him as "one of the most respected rhetoricians of the latter half of the twentieth century."

</doc>
<doc id="19399914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399914" title="Ron Boehm">
Ron Boehm

Ronald John Boehm (born August 14, 1943) is a retired professional ice hockey winger who played in the National Hockey League for the Oakland Seals.

</doc>
<doc id="19399916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399916" title="Mesotrophic">
Mesotrophic

Mesotrophic may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19399917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399917" title="Trieux (river)">
Trieux (river)

The Trieux is an 72 km long river in the Côtes-d'Armor department, Brittany, France, beginning near Kerpert. It empties into the English Channel near Lézardrieux. Other towns along the Trieux are Guingamp and Pontrieux.

</doc>
<doc id="19399920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399920" title="Emily Prager">
Emily Prager

Emily Prager is an American author and journalist.
Background and education.
Prager grew up in Texas, Taiwan, and Greenwich Village, NY. She is a graduate of The Brearley School, Barnard College and has a Masters Degree in Education.
Career.
Prager starred in "The Edge of Night" on television in the 1960s, and was a contributing editor of "The National Lampoon", a performer on "The National Lampoon Radio Hour" and worked and appeared in The High School yearbook Parody. Her also work appeared in "Titters, A Book of Humor by Women". She was a writer for, and briefly a cast member of "Saturday Night Live". Although she did not appear in the single episode for which she was credited as a featured player, she had appeared uncredited in five previous episodes.
She was a writer-performer in the cult film, "Mr. Mike's Mondo Video", and Robert Longo's "Arena Brains". Her works include a compendium of her humor writing, "In the Missionary Position", the acclaimed short story collection "A Visit From the Footbinder and Other Stories", and the novels "Eve's Tattoo", "Clea and Zeus Divorce", and "Roger Fishbite", and a memoir" Wuhu Diary". She has been a columnist for the "Village Voice", the "New York Times", the "Daily Telegraph", "Penthouse", and "The Guardian". She is a Literary Lion of the New York Public Library and in the year 2000, she received the first online journalism award for commentary given by Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. She taught at the Shanghai American School (Pudong Campus) in Shanghai, China. Dana Elcar was her stepfather. She has one adopted daughter, Cat Prager. She is currently teaching in Islamabad, Pakistan at ISOI (International School of Islamabad) where she teaches high school English.

</doc>
<doc id="19399923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399923" title="Treaty of Fontainebleau (1785)">
Treaty of Fontainebleau (1785)

The Treaty of Fontainebleau was signed on November 8, 1785 in Fontainebleau between Holy Roman Emperor Joseph II, ruler of the Habsburg Monarchy, and the States-General of the United Provinces. Based on the terms of the accord, the United Provinces was permitted to maintain sovereignty over the Scheldt Estuary. However, it had to provide several concessions to the Habsburgs including payment of ten million Dutch florins and dismemberment of certain military fortifications. Overall, the treaty confirmed and reinforced the tenets of the Treaty of Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19399961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399961" title="Markus Schupp">
Markus Schupp

Markus Schupp (born January 7, 1966 in Idar-Oberstein, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German football manager and former player.
Career.
Schupp started playing professionally in 1984 at 1. FC Kaiserslautern, where won the German Cup in 1990 and the League Title in 1991. He went on to play over 150 matches for the club over seven years before joining SG Wattenscheid 09 in July 1991. He played at Wattenscheid for just one season, but he was so impressive during that time that it led to him being signed by FC Bayern Munich in the Summer of 1992. At Bayern, he was a first-team regular and helped the club win the 1994 Bundesliga title and two Fuji-Cups, in 1994 and 1995. He then moved to Eintracht Frankfurt in 1995 where he had moderate personal success but won no major honours as he left the club after just one season to play for Hamburger SV. He was by no means a first-team regular at Hamburg and had a short loan spell at FC Basel in 1997. Later that year, he signed for SK Sturm Graz of Austria and retired in 2001, having played 128 league games for the club.
Coaching career.
After his retirement from playing, he managed SV Wacker Burghausen from 2004 until 2006 and was assistant manager to Huub Stevens at Hamburger SV during the 2007/08 season. On 22 April 2009 signed a contract with FC Red Bull Salzburg as assistant coach and signed then on 3 September 2009 a contract as head coach from Karlsruher SC, the contract runs between 30 June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19399962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399962" title="Lago di Ganna">
Lago di Ganna

Lago di Ganna is a lake at Valganna in the Province of Varese, Lombardy, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19399982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399982" title="List of historic Senators of the College of Justice">
List of historic Senators of the College of Justice

A list of the Senators of the College of Justice in Scotland from 1689 to present.

</doc>
<doc id="19399990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19399990" title="Umbrella (film)">
Umbrella (film)

Umbrella or "San" is a Chinese documentary film directed by Du Haibin and released in 2007. The film documents the experiences of modern rural China, particularly five social groups: students, soldiers, tradespeople, and peasants. Du's stated goal with the film was to highlight the growing disparity between China's prosperous cities and its stagnating countryside.
Synopsis.
"Umbrella" is divided into five parts, one for each social group documented. The first takes place in Zhongshan, in Guangdong province at an industrial warehouse where poorly paid workers spend hours putting together umbrellas for sale. In another part of China, in Yiwu, Zhejiang province, a successful farmer has become an entrepreneur, running an umbrella manufacturing business. 
The film then shifts to Shanghai, as it follows students and recent graduates who struggle to find employment in a hyper-competitive market. The students know that failure to find a job will mean a return to their rural roots. 
The fourth part follows a People's Liberation Army garrison and new recruits. The recruits all come from farms in the countryside, looking for another life. 
The last part of the film takes place in Luoyang, Henan province. It documents an elderly peasant in a village that consists mostly of the old and infirm, as subsequent generations seek their fortunes elsewhere. 
Reception.
"Umbrella" was awarded an Honorable Mention at the 30th Cinéma du Réel International Documentary Film Festival in 2008. It has also screened at numerous film festivals, including Asian and documentary-film focused lineups. Most notable was its premiere at the 64th Venice International Film Festival as part of the Horizons Documentary program. It was one of three Chinese films in the program, along with Lü Yue's documentary-drama hybrid, "The Obscure", and Jia Zhangke's "Useless". Collectively, the three films were said to exemplify the "overwhelming sophistication in Chinese...documentary filmmaking."

</doc>
<doc id="19400012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400012" title="One team in Tallinn">
One team in Tallinn

One team in Tallinn refers to a football match scheduled for 9 October 1996 in World Cup qualifying European Group 4 between the national teams of Estonia and Scotland, which became very notable for the unusual circumstances whereby it was abandoned after three seconds, with the Estonian team absent from Tallinn's Kadrioru Stadium.
Background.
Estonia and Scotland were drawn in group 4 along with Austria, Belarus, Latvia and Sweden. Both nations failed to get their campaign off to a winning start in August, Estonia losing 1–0 away to Belarus and Scotland drawing 0–0 away to Austria. On 5 October however, both won their games to leave just one point between the teams heading into the Tallinn meeting.
Pre-match controversy.
Scotland trained at the Kadrioru stadium the night before the game, where they found the temporary floodlighting the game was to be played under inadequate and protested to FIFA. After a meeting of the FIFA executive committee the following morning, the scheduled 1845 EET kickoff time was brought forward to 1500 EET. The Estonian FA were unhappy with the logistical consequences of the switch, such as the potential loss of television revenue. The Estonian team refused to change their plans while Scotland prepared for the revised time. Team manager Craig Brown later said he had it in mind that the likeliest occurrence was for the Estonian team to show up late, to protest the decision, but for the game to go ahead anyway.
Kickoff and abandonment.
Referee Miroslav Radoman led the Scots out onto the pitch, with Scotland's Tartan Army supporters taking the unusual situation in good humour with the chant ""One team in Tallinn, There's only one team in Tallinn"". Billy Dodds kicked the game off and captain John Collins took one touch of the ball before Radoman blew the whistle and abandoned the game.
The Estonian team arrived at the stadium later in the afternoon, preparing for the original kick-off time.
Aftermath.
Scotland initially believed that they would be awarded the match by a default score of 3–0, which appeared to be confirmed by the FIFA match delegate. FIFA regulations stated this should be the case "except in cases of force majeure recognised by the organising committee". This view was contradicted by Lennart Johansson, who was president of UEFA and a vice-president of FIFA.
The FIFA executive committee, chaired by Johansson, met in November. Instead of awarding the match to Scotland, FIFA ordered that the match should be replayed on a neutral ground. This decision was criticised by Scottish observers who believed that Johansson wanted to give Sweden, his native country, the best possible chance of qualification. It also meant that Scotland captain Gary McAllister, who had been suspended for the original fixture against Estonia, was instead suspended for a match against Sweden.
The match was replayed on 11 February 1997 at the Stade Louis II in Monaco and ended in a 0–0 draw. Despite this setback, Scotland finished second in Group 4, two points ahead of Sweden. Their total of 23 points meant that Scotland were the highest-placed runner-up in the European qualifying groups and therefore qualified directly for the World Cup finals. Estonia finished fifth in Group 4 and did not qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="19400018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400018" title="Roger Fishbite">
Roger Fishbite

Roger Fishbite is a novel by the American writer and journalist Emily Prager, which was published in 1999.
Themes and literary connections.
The novel was written partly as a literary parody of Vladimir Nabokov’s "Lolita", partly as a “reply both to the book and to the icon that the character Lolita has become.”. It tells the story of thirteen-year-old Lucky Lady Linderhoff, and her mother, and their lodger, who Lucky calls Roger Fishbite. 
Whilst taking its inspiration from Nabokov’s Lolita, Prager’s novel is narrated by Lucky, not Fishbite, and displays a number of twists and turns that differ from the original text. Prager also updates the story, setting it in the modern day period, rather than choosing to set it in the nineteen fifties.
Reviews.
At the heart of the novel is the issue that Lucky raises constantly throughout: The way in which children in America (and western society in general, I would add) are hated and feared by a society that seeks to eroticise them whilst at the same time destroying them.
What prevents the novel from devolving into an inside joke is the enthralling voice of Lucky Linderhof, who, at nearly 15, tells her tale with the world-weariness befitting an elder statesman of child abuse.

</doc>
<doc id="19400045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400045" title="Combat Service Identification Badge">
Combat Service Identification Badge

A United States Army's Combat Service Identification Badge (CSIB) is a metallic heraldic device worn on the right pocket of the new Army Service Uniform that uniquely identifies combat service with major U.S. Army formations.
Description.
The Combat Service Identification Badge is a silver or gold metal and enamel device 2 inches (5.08 cm) in height consisting of a design similar to the unit Shoulder Sleeve Insignia (SSI).
Wear.
The Combat Service Identification Badge is worn centered on the right breast pocket for male soldiers and on the right side parallel to the waistline for female soldiers. Soldiers can wear the CSIB on the new blue Army Service Uniform, Class A and Class B. The CSIB can be worn on the current Dress Blue Uniform until it is phased out in October 2014. The CSIB cannot be worn on the Army Combat Uniform (ACU) or the Army Green Uniform. Soldiers will continue to wear the Shoulder Sleeve Insignia-Former Wartime Service on their right sleeve of the ACU and Army Green Uniform to denote combat service. The CSIB is ranked fifth in the order of precedence for identification badges outlined in AR 670-1, para 29-18.

</doc>
<doc id="19400047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400047" title="Daytona Lagoon">
Daytona Lagoon

Daytona Lagoon is a waterpark and family entertainment center located in Daytona Beach which is open year round for its dry attractions and March through October for the waterpark. According to the website, it opened in March 2005. It consists of 12 rides and two miniature golf courses.
Rides/Attractions.
Water Rides.
Blackbeard's Revenge.
Blackbeard's Revenge is a dark-tunnel slide ride in an inflatable 3-person boat. This is a 1 to 3 person ride.
Panama Jacks'.
Panama Jacks' is a slide ride much like Blackbeard's Revenge, but has three tunnels: The Canyon, The Cave, and The Cavern. These rides require single or double tubes as a vehicle. You can also ride down without a tube.
Adventure Mountain.
Speed through 2 sloping slaloms and splash down into a cool pool of water. (Height requirement:42")
Pelican's Drift (Lazy River).
Much like a lazy river, this river goes around the Castaway Bay.
Castaway Bay.
A large themed play structure with 4 slides for the children. Water shooting nozzles, climbing nets and a bucket that has the Daytona Lagoon logo that dumps 1,000 gallons of water every 2 minutes.
The Wave Pool.
500,000 gallons of water that goes into a wave every couple of minutes.
Kraken's Conquest.
A new ProRacer series speed slide where you can get on a slippery mat and race on one of four lanes of the tower to the bottom. requirement: 
Dry Attractions.
Grand Prix Go-Kart Raceway.
Daytona Lagoon has one multi-level go-kart track. The track has a unique design with it starting on the second floor of the facility overlooking the park's two 9-hole miniature golf courses.
Go-kart drivers must be tall. Double-seat drivers must have a valid driver's license (non-restricted) to drive a double-seater. Double-seat passenger must be at least tall to ride.
The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is much like boat rides where it goes back and forth at , but however it is currently out of order.
18 Holes of Mini-Golf.
Two 9-hole miniature golf intertwine with Grand Prix Go-Kart Raceway and the waterpark. This park once had three 9-hole miniature golf courses but one was removed in early 2010 to make space for an arcade expansion that included more arcade games and indoor bowling lanes.
Lazer Runner Lazer Tag.
See lazer tag.
Rock Wall.
A rock wall with timer.
Carousel.
A 1972 Theel Carousel that was formerly located on the Daytona Beach Boardwalk. As of January 2011, this ride was transferred to another location at Speed Park Motorsports in Daytona Beach.
Arcade.
The park has a large arcade that houses over 130 arcade games, prize vending games, ticket redemption games, the Rock Wall, Carousel and entrance to Laser Tag.
Sandblaster roller coaster.
On August 2, 2013, the first roller coaster in the history of the Daytona Beach Boardwalk opened. The ride takes the riders 85 feet in the air over more than a half-mile of track. The coaster was bought to the 40-year-old ride from a closed amusement park in Delaware in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19400058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400058" title="Dunes Village Resort">
Dunes Village Resort

Dunes Village Resort is a resort in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. It is located in a residential area on the Golden Mile of the Grand Strand. The resort consists of two towers (Palmetto and Palms Towers) with a number of room types. The resort was opened in 2006 by George Buchanan. The resort was rated the #2 Family Resort in the United States by TripAdvisor.

</doc>
<doc id="19400060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400060" title="You, Me and Him">
You, Me and Him

You, Me and Him (; tr. "Coffee with Milk") is a 2007 Brazilian short film written and directed by Brazilian director Daniel Ribeiro. The film has won many awards including the Crystal Bear for best short film at the 2008 Berlin International Film Festival.
Plot.
Danilo (Daniel Tavares) was about to move out of his parents' house to go live with his boyfriend, Marcos (Diego Torraca), when his mom and dad die unexpectedly in an accident. His plans for the future change and he becomes responsible for his 10 year-old brother, Lucas (Eduardo Melo). 
New bonds are created between these three young men. While brothers Danilo and Lucas need to learn everything they didn’t know about each other, Marcos tries to find out if there is a place for him in his boyfriend’s new family arrangement. In between video games, glasses of milk, pain and disappointment, they all need to learn how to live together.

</doc>
<doc id="19400075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400075" title="Partial melting">
Partial melting

Partial melting occurs when only a portion of a solid is melted. For mixed substances, such as a rock containing several different minerals or a mineral that displays solid solution, this melt can be different from the bulk composition of the solid. 
Partial melting occurs where the solidus and liquidus temperatures are different. For single minerals this can happen when they exhibit solid solution, for example in olivines between iron and magnesium. In rocks made up of several different minerals, some will melt at lower temperatures than others.
Partial melting is an important consideration in geology with respect to the chemical differentiation of crustal rocks. Virtually all rocks on Earth derive from material from the interior of the earth that has been partially melted. The main places where partial melting occurs are subduction zones, mid-ocean ridges and hotspots. In all these places partial melting is often associated with volcanism, although some melts do not make it to the surface. Partial melts are thought to play an important role in enriching old parts of the continental lithosphere in incompatible elements. Partial melts produced at depth move upwards due to the compaction of the surrounding matrix.

</doc>
<doc id="19400103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400103" title="Codex Tischendorfianus II">
Codex Tischendorfianus II

Codex Tischendorfianus II – designated by Uncial 081 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) α 1023 (Soden), – is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians 1:20-2:12 on 2 parchment leaves ( by ). The text is written in two columns per page, 18 lines per page, in a large uncial letters. It is elegantly written, without breathings and accents. It uses diaeresis (Ϊ and Ϋ).
This manuscript was a part the same codex to which Uncial 0285 belonged. 
The Greek text of this codex was influenced by the Alexandrian text-type with some alien readings. Aland placed it in Category II.
In 2 Corinthians 2:2 it contains reading και τις εστιν (as א2 D F G Ψ) for και τις (as א* A B C 81).
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Tischendorf brought this codex from the East to Petersburg in 1859. Tischendorf briefly described it in "Notitia editionis codicis Bibliorum Sinaitici" (Leipzig, 1860). It was examined by Eduard de Muralt. It was examined by Kurt Treu and Pasquale Orsini.
The codex now is located at the Russian National Library (Gr. 9) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19400115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400115" title="Laïta">
Laïta

The Laïta is a river in western France (Finistère and Morbihan departments). It is formed at the confluence of the rivers Ellé (sometimes considered the upper course of the Laïta) and Isole, in Quimperlé. It flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Guidel. 

</doc>
<doc id="19400117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400117" title="1913 VFL Grand Final">
1913 VFL Grand Final

The 1913 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Fitzroy Football Club and St Kilda Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 27 September 1913. It was the 16th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1913 VFL season. The match, attended by 59,556 spectators, was won by Fitzroy by a margin of 13 points, marking that club's fifth premiership victory.
It was St Kilda's first ever Grand Final appearance and they struggled early, not kicking a goal until the third quarter. A last quarter burst from St Kilda got them within a point when George Morrissey goaled. A mark to Des Baird in the goal square, on a slight angle, looked like giving the Saints the lead but he handpassed it to Morrissey who was covered by his opponent and he could only snap a behind. Two late goals to Fitzroy sealed the game.

</doc>
<doc id="19400124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400124" title="Saranya Bhagyaraj">
Saranya Bhagyaraj

Saranya Bhagyaraj is an Indian film actress who appeared in Tamil and Malayalam films. She recently came to limelight for her attempt to commit suicide for unforeseen reasons. She is the daughter of actor K. Bhagyaraj and Poornima Jayaram and is best known for her role in "Parijatham". Her brother is notable actor Shanthnu Bhagyaraj.

</doc>
<doc id="19400129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400129" title="1997 UAB Blazers football team">
1997 UAB Blazers football team

The 1997 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 1997, and was the seventh team fielded by the school. The team's head coach was Watson Brown, who entered his third season as the UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama and competed as a Division I-A Independent. The Blazers finished their second season at the I-A level with a record of 5–6. 

</doc>
<doc id="19400139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400139" title="Milan Perić">
Milan Perić

Milan Perić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Перић ; born April 16, 1986 in Čačak) is a Serbian footballer currently for OTP Bank Liga side PMFC.
Partizan.
On July 5, 2008 Perić signed a 4-year contract with Serbian Partizan. With Perić wearing the famed number 9, then-manager Slaviša Jokanović didn't give him many chances. Perić only made four appearances for the crno-beli. He had one domestic league appearance (against FK Rad), one Serbian Cup appearance, one qualifying match for the UEFA Cup (against FC Timişoara) and one friendly against PAOK FC where he scored a goal for Partizan in their 2-1 loss.
Jagodina.
In the winter transfer window in early 2009, "Perke" was transferred from Partizan to FK Jagodina on a 6-month loan.
Nafta Lendava.
On July 29, 2009 Partizan's official site stated the fact that Perić was transferred on a one-year loan to Slovenian PrvaLiga side NK Nafta Lendava.

</doc>
<doc id="19400143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400143" title="Tomoyuki Arata">
Tomoyuki Arata

Career statistics.
Last update: 4 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="19400154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400154" title="Amigos For Kids">
Amigos For Kids

Amigos Together For Kids (DBA: Amigos For Kids) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation founded in 1991 to respond to the diverse needs of abused, abandoned, neglected and less-fortunate children. Amigos For Kids has a model after-school program in Miami for over 100 underprivileged children - a public/private partnership with the City of Miami. The organization creates awareness for its cause through public service campaigns and high-profile fundraising events. Amigos For Kids has trademarked the term "There's No Excuse for Child Abuse!" in English, Spanish and Creole. The organization, an affiliate of the National Council of La Raza (NCLR), is governed by a volunteer board of directors whose chairman is Pedro Capó. Amigos was co-founded by its Chairman Emeritus Jorge A. Plasencia, and is currently led by President and CEO Rosa Maria Plasencia.
Throughout its 22-year history, Amigos has created numerous programs for these children in the inner-city across South Florida. In 2010, Amigos took its awareness message nationally, airing public-service announcements targeting US Hispanics on the prevention of child abuse and neglect. As of 2010, Amigos For Kids had received four stars for three consecutive years from charitynavigator.com, an honor that only 12% of nonprofits nationally have garnered.
Financing.
In 2010, Amigos for Kids raised $1,144,922. Program expenses for the year were $1,218,018 with 85% of the expenses going directly towards meeting the needs of the children which the organization serves. ~7% of the expenses were administrative expenses while 8% went towards fundraising. The organization ended the year with $205,000 in assets. 

</doc>
<doc id="19400157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400157" title="Takeshi Watanabe (footballer)">
Takeshi Watanabe (footballer)

Takeshi Watanabe (渡辺 毅, born September 10, 1972 in Fujieda, Shizuoka, Japan) is a former Japanese football player. He played ten seasons for Kashiwa Reysol in the J. League.

</doc>
<doc id="19400169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400169" title="Steven Dillon (writer and professor)">
Steven Dillon (writer and professor)

Steven Dillon is an author and Professor of English at Bates College in Lewiston, Maine. He is also a film critic and film historian. Dillon's use of the expression ""The Solaris Effect"", as in the title of his book, referred to the great influence of Andrei Tarkovsky and his films on other film and art. Dillon's use of Solaris refers to the 1972 film by Tarkovsky, only indirectly to the novel by Stanislaw Lem.
Dillon's books include - 

</doc>
<doc id="19400179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400179" title="Nobuo Kawaguchi">
Nobuo Kawaguchi

Nobuo Kawaguchi (born 10 April 1975 in Sanjō, Niigata, Japan) is a Japanese former football player who played for Japanese clubs Júbilo Iwata and FC Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19400188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400188" title="St. Katherine's Church, Teversal">
St. Katherine's Church, Teversal

St. Katherine's Church, Teversal is a parish church in the Church of England in Teversal, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
The church was built in the 12th and 13th centuries and has an unrestored 17th and 18th century interior. The Molyneux pew is in the south aisle and has a roof supported by barley-sugar columns.
History.
The church is medieval and is the family church of the Earl of Carnarvon.
Monuments.
There are various monuments to the Molyneux Baronets

</doc>
<doc id="19400194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400194" title="Robert Ferguson">
Robert Ferguson

Robert Ferguson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19400196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400196" title="Gilberto Carlos Nascimento">
Gilberto Carlos Nascimento

Gilberto Carlos Nascimento or simply Betinho (born June 14, 1966 in Ipiranga, Brazil) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="19400209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400209" title="Vespa GTS">
Vespa GTS

The Vespa GTS 250ie is a scooter currently manufactured by Piaggio under the Vespa brand.
GTS stands for Granturismo Sport, while the 250ie is the displacement and electronic fuel injection.
The GTS 250ie is a development of the design direction, and restyled, from the Vespa GT200. Along with the engine changes are digital gauges, a tachometer, chrome fender-crest, chrome horn grill, restyled rear fairings/taillight, chrome foldable rack, redesigned centerstand, non-painted front suspension cover, and a restyled seat.
Where the GT200 used the Piaggio 'Leader' engine, the GTS models use variations of the new architecture of the 'Quasar' engine.
The engine has a displacement of 244 cc. Along with electronic fuel injection, the water-cooled motor also has four valves and a single overhead camshaft. The increased engine capacity, combined with reduced emissions, gives a top speed of .
In 2008, Piaggio released a 278 cc special edition of the GTS, named the Vespa GTS300ie Super. Its larger engine gave and of torque, enhancing the performance of the Vespa GTS.
Comparison of the specifications and performance on paper, between the GTS250ie and the GTS300ie Super does not show significant differences, in either power of top speed. The GTS300ie does have an advantage with acceleration and with torque, which peaks lower down the rev range.
The GTS300ie Super was restyled over the original GT and GTS models to give a mildly more sporty look, and was originally available only in either black or white.
The restyling of the GTS300ie saw the replacement of the GTS250's fold down tail rack, with a simple grab-handle / loop. However, the fold down tailrack is still available as an optional extra, to allow the fitment of the tail-mounted storage box. 
Additional changes included:
The small front running light was deleted, with cosmetic detail changes to the 'horn' panel.
The headlight had a black detailing.
The instrumentation on the dash returned to analogue dials (as opposed to the part-digital display with the GTS250).
The front (suspension) spring is coloured red.
The right-hand body panel features (cosmetic) vents, to reflect earlier (air-cooled) Vespa designs.
It is considered to have been designed in reply to the Honda SH300i, which was designed and built by Honda as an upmarket, high-powered scooter aimed at outselling the original Vespa GTS in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19400227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400227" title="Beginner's Luck">
Beginner's Luck

"Beginner's Luck" is a 1935 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 135th "Our Gang" short (47th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
Spanky has been entered into a kiddie amateur show by his pushy stage mother, who thinks he is the greatest actor of his day. Spanky wants nothing to do with this and would rather not act at all. The gang comes up with a plan to disrupt his recitation with peashooters and noisemakers and make him flop.
At the theater, Spanky befriends a little girl (Marianne Edwards) who has bombed her act due to stage fright but needs the prize money to buy a special dress. Spanky has a change of heart and decides to win the prize and give the money to the girl. However, word does not get out the gang, who are in the audience prepared to embarrass Spanky any way they can.

</doc>
<doc id="19400235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400235" title="Robert Scott Thompson">
Robert Scott Thompson

Robert Scott Thompson (born 1959, California) is a composer of ambient, instrumental and electroacoustic music. He earned the B.Mus. degree from the University of Oregon and M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of California at San Diego. His primary teachers include Bernard Rands, Roger Reynolds, Joji Yuasa and F. Richard Moore. He creates work in a wide variety of forms ranging from chamber and orchestral music to works for the virtuoso soloist, computer music, and experimental video art.
He is the recipient of many prizes and distinctions for his music including the First Prize in Musica Nova 2003 (Czech Republic), First Prize in the 2001 Pierre Schaeffer competition (Italy) and awards in the XVI Concorso Internazionale “Luigi Russolo” (Italy), Irino Prize Foundation Competition 1995 for chamber Music (Japan), and Concours International de Musique Electroacoustique de Bourges (France), among others. He was a Research Assistant of the Center for Music Experiment (CME)Computer Audio Research Lab (CARL) throughout the 1980s, assisting significant composers in the realization of advanced computer music works.
In 1991, he was named a Fulbright Research Scholar and was Composer in Residence at the Danish Institute of Electroacoustic Music (DIEM) where he collaborated on fundamental research and composed the long-form computer music work – "The Strong Eye". Over the past decade, he has become increasingly well known internationally for his instrumental and computer music works and also for his many recordings which have been broadcast worldwide.
His music is published on recordings by EMF-Media, Neuma, Drimala, Capstone, Hypnos, Oasis/Mirage, Groove, Lens Records, Space for Music, Zero Music and Aucourant record labels, among others.
While composing and recording takes up most of his creative time, he is also involved in various tangent activities. He is active as a composer for films and often collaborates as an audio mastering engineer, creating master recordings for labels such as Funtone and CRI (Composer's Recordings, Inc.). On the technical side, he has collaborated with Micro Technology Unlimited, and assisted in the development of DNOISE – a real-time digital audio noise reduction software application.
He is a contributing author for two books, "Computer Music Techniques for the Electronic Musician" and "Software Synthesis, Sound Design and Programming", both by Dr. Eduardo Reck Miranda and published by Focal Press in 1998 and 2002 respectively. He is currently under contract for a book with A-R Editions, Inc. on the subject of musical signal processing and sonic design using Csound 5. He was named the Distinguished Honor’s Professor of Georgia State University, College of Arts and Sciences in 1994 where he is Professor of Music Composition and Coordinator of Music Technology Studies in the School of Music.

</doc>
<doc id="19400236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400236" title="Jerry Ireland">
Jerry Ireland

Jeremy "Jerry" Ireland (born 14 September 1938, Chester) is a former English footballer. He played in The Football League for his local club Chester between 1957 and 1962.
Playing career.
Ireland made his professional debut for Chester shortly after his 19th birthday in September 1957 on 21 September 1957 in a 1–1 draw with Southport, with four goals being scored in 15 league matches before the end of the season. His season included a goal in a 9–2 demolition of York City.
By the closing stages of 1959–60, Ireland and Alec Croft were given runs in the side and they were joined by several other youngsters in the first team, as players including Jimmy Cooper, Gerry Citron, Colin Jones, Derek Owen and future star Ron Davies were given their chance.
Ireland remained with Chester for two more years before dropping into non–league football with Altrincham.

</doc>
<doc id="19400250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400250" title="Uniform of the Union Army">
Uniform of the Union Army

The Uniform of the Union Army was widely varied and, due to limitations on supply of wool and other materials, based on availability and cost of materials during the United States Civil War.
Generalization.
The standard U.S. Army uniform at the outbreak of the war had acquired its definitive form in the 1858 regulations. It consisted of a Campaign Uniform, a Parade (Dress) Uniform, and a Fatigue Uniform.
During the war, enforcement of uniform regulations was imperfect. Uniforms were adapted to local conditions, the commander's preference and what was available, for example, shoulder straps began replacing epaulettes in dress occasions. As a result almost any variation of the official uniform could be found as officers and men abandoned some items, adopted others and modified still others. 
Described in general terms this uniform consisted of:
Service and campaign.
The Service and Campaign Uniform consisted of the following:
A) Headgear: A black felt Hardee hat, the Model 1858 Dress Hat, with one brim being secured by means of a metallic eagle after the U.S. coat of arms of the day. Forage caps were regulation for service and non-dress occasions, while the non-regulation kepi was also widely used.
B) Coat: In Prussian blue, tight fitting and almost knee length, trimmed in arm of service piping along the collar edges; and in the French-peak styled cuff trim, for all enlisted ranks. Company officers wore an untrimmed single-breasted coat, with shoulder straps to signify rank and branch of service.
Cavalry and mounted artillery used a short jacket, which were more practical for riding. 
Field and general officers wore a double breasted version, with the option for black velvet collar and cuffs.
A sack coat was also issued as a fatigue uniform, being lined for recruits, and unlined for a service uniform. Rank insignia was worn on the coat, the same as the dress Frock.
C) Greatcoat: In sky blue, with standing collar and French cuffs and a fixed short cape. Officers could wear this or a dark blue variant.
D) Trousers for all enlisted men and company grade officers were sky blue. 
NCOs had a vertical stripe in arm of service colors. General officers, field officers, and officers on higher staffs wore trousers of the same shade of blue as the coat. General officers had their trousers trimmed with double striping in gold, with all other officer grades wearing piping with their respective branch of service. .
Parade order.
The Parade Uniform consisted of the following:
A) Headgear: The hat described with trimmings in the arm of service colors.
Some units as marines and mounted artillery retained shakos for ceremonial purposes.
B) Coat: The same described (frock or short shell-jacket) with metallic epaulets resembling scales. Officers wore French-type epaulets and a sash.
C) Greatcoat: As described.
D) Trousers: As described.
Fatigue.
The Fatigue Uniform consisted of the following:
A) Headgear: A forage cap with a floppy crown.
Officers tended to privately purchase more elaborate versions after the French Army model subsequently known as chasseur caps.
Generals wore a variant having a black velvet band.
Insignia was pinned on top of the crown or -in officers- in front of the cap.
B) Coat: A cheaply made dark blue sack-coat of a simple and unsophisticated design, having a loose cut, fall collar and no pockets.
C) Greatcoat: As described.
D) Trousers: As described. 
In general terms, as the war went on, the service uniform tended to be replaced by the cheaper and more practical fatigue uniform.
Description.
Footwear.
The enlisted infantry uniform was completed with a black leather belt and oval buckle with the letters US. Officers, NCOs and cavalry troopers were equipped with a sword belt with a rectangular buckle with eagle motif.
Ranks and insignia.
Officers.
Rank was displayed on epaulettes (dress occasions) or shoulder boards (field duties): no insignia for a second lieutenant, one gold bar for a first lieutenant, two gold bars for a captain, a gold oak leaf for a major, a silver oak leaf for a lieutenant colonel, a silver eagle for a colonel and one, two or three silver stars for a general, depending on his seniority. 
The color of the shoulder board fields - with trims in gold braid - were as follows:
Individual officers would sometimes add gold braid Austrian knots on their sleeves but this practice was uncommon as it made them easy targets and risked friendly fire as this was the standard insignia for Confederate officers.
Nevertheless many officers personalised their uniforms. For instance, the "Jeff Davis" hat would be pinned back with eagle badges. Many cavalry officers were adorned with eagles and belts with eagle motifs. The designs were based on the Great Seal of the United States.
Non-commissioned officers.
Ranks were worn as chevrons on the right and left sleeves above the elbow. They were colored according to service branch:
Brass shoulder scales were worn on dress uniforms, with different features to signify enlisted ranks. Shoulder scales were not normally worn on service or fatigue uniforms.
Corps.
Corps badges were originally worn by Union soldiers on the top of their army forage cap (kepi), left side of the hat, or over their left breast. The idea is attributed to Gen. Philip Kearny who ordered the men in his sew a two-inch square of red cloth on their hats to avoid confusion on the battlefield. This idea was adopted by Gen. Joseph Hooker after he assumed command of the Army of the Potomac, so any soldier could be identified at a distance, and to increase troop morale and unit pride - the badges became immensely popular with the troops, who put them anywhere they could, and the badges accomplished the objectives they had been created for, and the idea soon spread to other corps and departments.
Gen. Daniel Butterfield the task of designing a distinctive shape of badge for each corps. Butterfield also designed a badge of each division in the corps a different color. 
The badges for enlisted men were cut from colored material, while officer’s badges were privately made and of a higher quality. Metallic badges were often made by jewelers and were personalized for the user. The badges eventually became part of the army regulations.
Division badges were colored as follows:
European and civilian influence.
The uniform itself was influenced by many things, both officers' and soldiers' coats being originally civilian designs.
Leather neck stocks based on the type issued to the Napoleonic-era British Army were issued to the regular army before the war. These were uncomfortable, especially in hot weather, and were thrown away by the men at the first opportunity to be replaced with cotton neckerchiefs, bandanas or (in the case of officers) neckties or cravats.
The basic cut of the uniform, adopted in 1851 was French, as was the forage cap worn by some men and the frock coat was a French invention. However, some parts of the French uniform were ignored, such as enlisted men wearing epaulettes and collar ornaments. 
The army went even further than simply having a French-influenced uniform, with some regiments wearing French Imperial Guard voltigeur uniforms, or even some wearing zouave uniforms, such as the 62nd and 63rd Pennsylvania, New York Fire Zouaves as well as the 18th Massachusetts. These consisted of a short blue jacket with red facings, fez, red or blue pants, a red sash and a blue waistcoat with brass buttons or alternatively a red overshirt.
The late-war sack coat was copied from the fatigue jacket worn by the 19th century Prussian Army.
The Hardee hat was inspired by the headgear of the Danish Army.

</doc>
<doc id="19400261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400261" title="Vijayaraghavan (actor)">
Vijayaraghavan (actor)

Vijayaraghavan () is an Indian actor who mainly acts in Malayalam cinema. He is popular for his character roles. He is the son of popular drama and cinema artist N. N. Pillai.
Biography.
Vijayaraghavan made his film debut with "Kaapaalika" , which was based on his father's play of the same name. He appeared in just a couple of scenes in this film. His opening as a full-fledged actor occurred ten years later in "Surumayitta Kannukal" (1983). However, it was only after he appeared in the 1987 film "New Delhi" that Vijayaraghavan became a busy star in Malayalam film.
He got a break with his performance in the 1989 hit "Ramji Rav Speaking", in which he played the title role of the villain Ramji Rao. In the mid-1990s Vijayaraghavan played the hero in a number of low-budget Malayalam movies. The biggest hit of his career was "Desadanam", directed by Jayaraj. He appeared in a few movies as second hero with Suresh Gopi in the lead role, including the hit "Commissioner". He also played notable roles in movies such as "Ekalavyan", "Mafia" and "King". In 1995, he reprised his role as the character Ramji Rao in "Mannar Mathai Speaking".
In the 2000s, he turned to character and villain roles and appeared in various hit movies, among them "C.I.D. Moosa", "Lion", "Chotta Mumbai", "Mayavi", "Bharathchandran I.P.S." and "Raavanaprabhu". He has also appeared in a popular Malayalam television serial entitled "Kavyanjali", produced by Balaji Telefilms.
Personal Life.
Vijayaraghavan is the son of veteran actor N.N.Pillai. He is married to Suma and has 2 sons. The elder son, Jinadevan is a businessman and is married to Rakhi.The couple have a son - Adrath. The younger son, Devadevan is in film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19400263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400263" title="Secret of the Second Door">
Secret of the Second Door

"Secret of the Second Door" is an episode of the American television detective series "Hawaiian Eye".
Synopsis.
Archibald Chu Sin, owner of the third-rate Hawaiian Regency hotel, and his night clerk, Paul Cummins, try to break up a fight between poker players in a guest's room. Four hoods led by Victor Soretino scare off Archie, while Cummins steals a bag containing $200,000 from an adjoining room. Meanwhile, a battered-looking businessman named Nestro leaves the game after dropping $10,000. Soretino quickly notices the money bag is missing. Assuming Nestro took it with him, he and his gang take over Nestro's home. The psychotic giant Arthur beats Nestro to death when he can't tell Soretino what happened to the money.
Archie Chu Sin tries to hire Tom Lopaka and Hawaiian Eye to guard his hotel, but is laughed off. However, Tom does drive Connie Cummins to the scene of an auto accident which claimed the life of her husband, Paul. Connie is more concerned with a missing item from the car than her husband's death, arousing Tom's suspicions. Connie hires Tom to find the missing money, which she claims Paul won in a poker game. Lopaka learns that Nestro, who owns an Import-Export company, was seen leaving the hotel the day of the game. Tom Lopaka then confronts Soretino at Nestor's home, and confirms that the money was really stolen.
Hiding Connie at the Hawaiian Regency, Lopaka visits Sarge's Place, a rural inn owned by Archie's sister Angelina. Paul Cummins used to stay there on fishing trips, and Lopaka quickly finds where Paul hid the money before his fatal trip. Meegham and Arthur have trailed Lopaka, but he gets the jump on them. He then confronts Soretino and Connie back at the hotel, where Connie shoots Soretino before Tom disarms her.
Musical interlude.
For this episode, Connie Stevens sang "Why Did I Tell You about Shanghai" with the Shell Bar band accompanying her.
Episode notes.
This episode continued the trend of using a different receptionist every week for the Hawaiian Eye Agency, a widely used television plot device to showcase eye-candy that would later be parodied on "Murphy Brown".

</doc>
<doc id="19400270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400270" title="Alexandra Guarnaschelli">
Alexandra Guarnaschelli

Alexandra "Alex" Guarnaschelli is an Iron Chef, Food Network "celebrity" chef and the world-renowned executive chef at both New York City's Butter restaurant and award-winning The Darby restaurant. She is also a television personality on the Food Network shows "Chopped", "Iron Chef America", "All Star Family Cook-off", and "The Best Thing I Ever Ate". She hosts "Alex's Day Off" and "The Cooking Loft" on Food Network and Cooking Channel. In 2012, she was crowned America's Next Iron Chef on "Iron Chef America", currently the only woman with that distinction and only the second female ever to obtain that TV honor.
In 2013, Guarnaschelli's first cookbook was published. mixes autobiographical details with recipes that she has loved during her life as a cook adapted for the home.
Background and Personal life.
Guarnaschelli is the daughter of cookbook editor Maria Guarnaschelli and John Guarnaschelli. She is a graduate of Horace Mann School and graduated from Barnard College in 1991. Her culinary experience started while watching her mother test numerous recipes at home while editing cookbooks. Alex wanted to explore her culinary dreams so she began to work under Larry Forgione. After becoming a cook, Guarnaschelli worked at a number of restaurants in France, New York and Los Angeles, including Larry Forgione's An American Place and Guy Savoy's La Butte Chaillot. She also worked at Daniel Boulud's eponymous restaurant and Joachim Splichal's Patina before becoming the executive chef at Butter, equivalent to senior cook (Chef de cuisine) outside of the recognized Brigade de cuisine.
She married Brandon Clark, a personal-injury lawyer, on April 29, 2007. Alex met her husband teaching a fish class at the Institute of Culinary Education in New York. They have been married for 6 years, and have a daughter named Ava.
Television appearances.
Guarnaschelli was a competitor on The Food Network's "Iron Chef America", taking on Cat Cora in the 2007 "Farmers' Market Battle." Cora won the challenge. Guarnaschelli has since appeared as a judge on the program. In 2011, she competed in the fourth season of "The Next Iron Chef", where she placed as the third runner-up. She also competed on the "Food Network Challenge" Ultimate Thanksgiving Feast episode and lost the competition. After competing in the fourth season of "The Next Iron Chef", Guarnaschelli became a sous chef to Iron Chef Geoffrey Zakarian. 
In 2008, she became the host of The Food Network's "The Cooking Loft with Alex Guarnaschelli", in which the chef teaches a small group of students how to construct new variations of classic dishes.
Guarnaschelli has been a judge on Food Network's competition show "Food Network Challenge", and frequently appears as a judge on Food Network's cooking competition show "Chopped" and on Food Network's series "The Best Thing I Ever Ate".
She competed in season 5 of "The Next Iron Chef: Redemption". She won in the final Kitchen Stadium showdown against chef Amanda Freitag earning her the title of Iron Chef. Her debut challenge as an Iron Chef on "Iron Chef America" aired on December 30, 2012.
Alex's Day Off.
Guarnaschelli stars in her own Food Network television show, "Alex’s Day Off" which premiered in October 2009 and airs regularly Saturday mornings. The show is currently on Australia's Foxtel Food Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19400287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400287" title="Jeanne, Dame de Chateaudun">
Jeanne, Dame de Chateaudun

Jeanne, Dame de Chateaudun ( 1227 – after 1252) was a French heiress and the wife of two French noblemen Jean I de Montfort, and Jean de Brienne, Grand Butler of France.
Family.
Jeanne was born in France in about the year 1227, the eldest daughter and co-heiress of Geoffrey VI, Viscount de Chateaudun (d. 6 February 1250 on Crusade), and his wife Clémence des Roches (died after September 1259). Her father also held the titles of seigneur of Chateaudun, Chateau-du-Loir, Mayet, Loupeland, Montdoubleau, and la Suze. In 1229, he participated in the Crusade against the Albigenses in the Languedoc.
Her paternal grandparents were Geoffrey V, Viscount de Chateaudun and Alix de Freteval, and her maternal grandparents were William des Roches, Seneschal of Anjou, and Marguerite de Sablé, daughter of Robert de Sablé and Clémence de Mayenne. Jeanne had a younger sister Clémence de Chateaudun (after 1227- before 1 February 1259), who married Robert de Dreux, Viscount de Chateaudun (1217–1264). She had a brother Pierre de Chateaudun (died after 1251), who was a monk.
Marriages and issue.
In March 1248 Jeanne married her first husband Jean I de Montfort, son of Amaury VI, count of Montfort and Beatrice of Burgundy, by whom she had one daughter:
In the year 1249, de Montfort died in Cyprus, while participating in the Seventh Crusade. Jeanne married her second husband Jean de Brienne (1230–1296), Grand Butler of France, in 1251. She was his first wife. De Brienne was the son of John of Brienne, King of Jerusalem, Emperor of Constantinople, and his third wife Berenguela of Leon. A daughter was born to Jean de Brienne and Jeanne:
Legacy.
Jeanne died on an unknown date. There is a source which claims that she attained the title of Dame de Chateau-du-Loir in 1265. The title of Loupeland she passed on to her daughter Blanche.
Notable descendants of Jeanne de Chateaudun include Anne of Brittany, Joan of Kent, Anne Mortimer (mother of Richard of York), Elizabeth Woodville, and King Henry VII making her the ancestress of all monarchs of England from Edward IV onward. Through another descendant, Joan Beaufort who married James I of Scotland, she is the ancestor of all monarchs of Scotland from James II of Scotland onward.
Her husband Jean de Brienne subsequently married Marie de Coucy (c.1218- 1285), widow of King Alexander II of Scotland, but had no children by her.

</doc>
<doc id="19400288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400288" title="St. Andrew's Church, Skegby">
St. Andrew's Church, Skegby

St. Andrew's Church, Skegby is a parish church in the Church of England in Skegby, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church is medieval, the north arcade dating from the 13th century It is set on a hill overlooking the village and is mentioned in the Domesday Book.
Parish Structure.
The church is in a group of parishes which includes

</doc>
<doc id="19400299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400299" title="What a Night">
What a Night

What a Night may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19400302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400302" title="Bahá'í Faith in Tonga">
Bahá'í Faith in Tonga

The Bahá'í Faith in Tonga started after being set as a goal to introduce the religion in 1953, and Bahá'ís arrived in 1954. With conversions and pioneers the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly was elected in 1958. From 1959 the Bahá'ís of Tonga and their local institutions were members of a Regional Spiritual Assembly of the South Pacific. By 1963 there were five local assemblies. Less than forty years later, in 1996, the Bahá'ís of Tonga established their paramount Bahá'í school in the form of the Ocean of Light International School. Around 2004 there were 29 local spiritual assemblies and about 5% of the national population were members of the Bahá'í Faith though the Tonga Broadcasting Commission maintained a policy that does not allow discussions by members of the Baha'i Faith of its founder, Bahá'u'lláh on its radio broadcasts.
Early days.
In 1953 the twelve existing Bahá'í National Spiritual Assemblies were asked by Shoghi Effendi, then head of the religion, to help spread the religion. The community of the United States was to attempt to bring the religion to Tonga. In Tonga, the Bahá'í community grew much like it did in other Pacific communities — first the community emerged through the acts of both pioneers and converts and then grew by spreading through family and tribal groups or clan-structures.
Australian Stanley P. Bolton was the first Bahá'í to arrive in Tonga — he arrived on 25 January 1954. American Dudley M. Blakely, nephew of Lua Getsinger, and wife Elsa also pioneered to Tonga on 12 July 1954. Each earned the title Knights of Bahá'u'lláh for their service to the religion. Blakely was a designer and worked as an adviser to the Tongan government contributing to a number of buildings and furnishings as well as stamps and coins for the government. In 1961 he had designed a five-stamp special issue set commemorating mail deliveries to the islands changing from the era of the fishing boat to airmail. In 1962 he designed a set of the first gold coins in Polynesia. He designed Tonga's first decimal coin set in 1965.
By 1956 there were indigenous Bahá'í converts on the islands; three individuals who converted to the religion were prominent in Tongan society: Mosese Hokafonu, Lisiata Mak, and Suliana Halaholo. Mosese Hokafonu, who lived on the island of Tongatapu, converted to the Bahá'í Faith in the early 1950s. For many years Hokafonu served on the Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Nuku'alofa and donated a significant portion of the land for the site of the national Bahá'í Center. Hokafonu joined Gina and Russell Garcia on board their boat "the Dawnbreaker" for an extensive trip which took them through the islands of Fiji, Tonga and Samoa. Hokafonu was the first Pacific Islander to undertake missionary trips of long duration — including Kiribati and Tuvalu; Niue; the Solomon Islands; New Guinea; the Marshall, Mariana and Caroline Islands; Nauru; Australia and New Zealand (especially among the Māori), Hawaii, Alaska and the continental United States. Baron Vaea, a Tongan noble and former Prime Minister, a relative of Hokafonu, conducted the funeral service which was attended by many hundreds of people.
Lisiata Maka, a legal adviser in Tonga's lower and supreme courts, became a Bahá'í in 1957 and was elected to the Regional National Assembly, and was later appointed to the Continental Board of Counsellors. Suliana Halaholo was born in Tonga in 1950 and began attending a Bahá'í school's children's classes at the age of eight. Soon she was teaching classes and began being involved in administrative activities while she was still a youth. She was secretary of the youth committee of Tonga, and later of Fiji, and thanks to her academic achievements the government of Tonga gave her a scholarship to study dietetics at the University of the South Pacific in Suva, Fiji, where she obtained her Bachelor's degree. Halalholo devoted two of her vacations from schooling to translating into the Tongan language "The Seven Valleys" (one of Bahá'u'lláh's metaphysical works), and later the Tablet Words of Wisdom. Both translations were approved by the National Spiritual Assembly of Tonga.
Growth.
The first Local Spiritual Assembly of Tonga was of Nuku'alofa in 1958, and by 1963 there were Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies in Houma, Kolonga, Mu'a, Nuku'alofa, Vaini, and smaller Bahá'í groups in Folaha, Tokomolo, Vaotu'u and isolated Bahá'ís in Felemea and several villages on the island of Haʻapai - Kotu', Lotofoa, Na'ufanga, Nomuka and Ohonua Eua.
Tonga developed international administrative relationships in tandem with its internal growth. Mr. Latu Tu 'Akihekolo represented Tongan Bahá'ís to an Bahá'í International Conference in Japan in 1958. Tonga was allocated delegates for the election of the regional Spiritual Assembly of the South Pacific from 1959 to 1963. Eventually Tonga and the Cook Islands alone shared a regional National Assembly starting in 1970 and the Cook Islands Bahá'í community formed their own National Assembly in 1985.
Bahá'í pioneers continued to make their presence felt in Tonga whether their stay was short or long. Margaret Rowling was almost constantly traveling to Samoa, Tonga, Tahiti, New Caledonia, Nouméa and the Cook Islands between 1956 and 1975. During 1974-79 Australian pioneers embarked to many of the Pacific islands including Tonga. Tongan Bahá'ís have also traveled to other lands; in addition to the travelers and travels mentioned above there have also been two exchange students from Tonga attended the Daystar International School, the first development project of the National Spiritual Assembly of Japan.
In 2004, during the golden jubilee of the Bahá'í community of Tonga, there were 29 local spiritual assemblies and the community has had visits over the years from prominent Baha'is — Hands of the Cause Collis Featherstone, Abu'l-Qasim Faizi, Rahmatu'lláh Muhájir, Enoch Olinga, Rúhíyyih Khanum, and John Robarts, and a member of the Universal House of Justice, Hugh Chance.
Celebrations held for the golden anniversary of the Bahá'í Faith in Tonga included the attendance of then Crown Prince Tupouto'a, Native American artist Kevin Locke as well as choirs, dance troops, tribal story tellers and hundreds of participants. The brother of then Crown Prince Topouto'a, the Honoroble Ma'atu, died on 17 February 2004 after suffering a heart attack. Representatives of the Bahá'í community accepted an invitation to offer prayers at the memorial service held on 24 February and was survived by his wife Alaileula, the granddaughter of the late Malietoa Tanumafili II, former Head of State of Samoa, also a member of the Bahá'í Faith.
Opposition in Tonga.
While the Bahá'í community has grown in the country, there has also been opposition. In 1973, the Wesleyan Church of Niua Toputapu published an anti-Bahá'í polemic "The Baha'i Faith Answered by Christianity".
Furthermore, even as late as 2008 the Tonga Broadcasting Commission (TBC) maintains policy guidelines regarding the broadcast of religious programming on Radio Tonga. The TBC guidelines state that in view of "the character of the listening public" those who preach on Radio Tonga must confine their preaching "within the limits of the mainstream Christian tradition." Due to this policy, the TBC does not allow discussions by members of the Bahá'í Faith of its founder, Bahá'u'lláh, by name, or of the tenets of their religions. Members of the Bahá'í Faith utilize a privately owned radio station for program activities and the announcement of functions.
Demographics.
In 1983, Bahá'í sources claimed they constituted 3.9% of the national population and by 1987 the number of Bahá'ís was at 6.3%. Through 2000-2006 estimates ranged between nearly 5% or 6.09%. In 2007 Encyclopedia Encarta estimated the Bahá'í community constituted 7% of the national population, (about 8100 individuals) — more than twice the size of the remaining non-Christian religious groups in Tonga. However the national census lists its official population in the upper hundreds: 595 in 1986, 686 in 2006, and 777 in 2011.
Multiplying involvements.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. The Bahá'í community in Tonga has organized various institutions and events in the country. The Ocean of Light International School is a private internationalist Bahá'í school directly administered by a non-profit Board of Education nominated by the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Tonga. The school is known as a Bahá'í school and is striving to incorporate Bahá'í ideals, principles and concepts into the curriculum and organization of the school. The school is located in Kolomotu’a / Hofoa - about 3 kilometers from the centre of Nukualofa. It offers classes from kindergarten (3 years old) to high school diploma using Cambridge International Examinations including the International General Certificate of Secondary Education. There are Bahá'í youth performing periods of service at the school. Furthermore, Nancy Watters, a consultant promoting virtue oriented programs especially for schools toured Tonga in 2002. See also The Virtues Project.
In October 2007, ‘Ilifeleti Tovo of Kolomotu’a was elected President of the University of the South Pacific Students Association (USPSA) despite not being affiliated with a political party. The Bahá'í Faith does not condone party affiliations and Tovo resigned his party affiliation "...because I did not want to break my religious rules and ethics". In 2008, Tovo strongly criticized the salary range of University officers and was censured but salaries were adjusted downward by 45-65%.
There also exists the "1844" Rock band composed of Tongan Bahá'ís whose style is religious rock.

</doc>
<doc id="19400314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400314" title="Bittern-class sloop">
Bittern-class sloop

The "Bittern" class sloop was a three ship class of long-range escort vessels used in the Second World War by the Royal Navy. 
Design.
They were built as light, long-range escort ships with limited anti-air capability. They were fitted with Denny-Brown fin stabilisers and a HACS fire control system.
Three ships were built: HMS "Enchantress", HMS "Bittern" and HMS "Stork". HMS "Enchantress", originally built as HMS "Bittern" but renamed before being launched in 1934, was the first in the class, and was built as an armed Admiral's yacht. Armament was 2 single 4.7 inch guns forward and 4 3 pounder saluting guns. Anti aircraft armament was installed at the outbreak of war, however the aft turret was originally replaced with accommodation and the armament was never replaced. The under-construction "Enchantress" was then renamed "Bittern".
The design served as the basis for the Egret class sloop and the Black Swan class sloop
Ships Careers.
HMS "Stork" was completed as an unarmed survey vessel, and was only armed after the outbreak of war. The third ship in the class was launched as HMS "Bittern", and completed as designed, but was lost to air attacks in the Norwegian campaign in 1940. HMS "Enchantress" survived the war and was sold into civilian service in 1946, being renamed "Lady Enchantress". She was broken up in 1952. HMS "Stork" remained in service until being broken up in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19400316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400316" title="Teacher's Beau">
Teacher's Beau

"Teacher's Beau" is a 1935 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 136th "Our Gang" short (48th talking episode) that was released.
Plot.
On the last day of school, the gang learns that their beloved teacher Miss Jones is going to be married and that, come September, they will have a new teacher named Mrs. Wilson, who will probably be an older widowed lady. Miss Jones's fiancée, Ralph, playfully paints a frightening picture of Mrs. Wilson as "a dried-up mean old woman," neglecting to inform the kids that his last name is Wilson and that Miss Jones will continue to be their teacher under her new, married name.
Thanks to Ralph's ill-timed joshing, the youngsters convince themselves that the only way to retain their favorite teacher is to break up the wedding, starting with the prenuptial reception, where the kids surreptitiously spike the food with tabasco sauce, horseradish and garlic peppers. After they do this, they discover that Mrs. Wilson will actually be their current teacher, that she got special permission to keep her job, and that Mr. Wilson will allow her to teach them as long as she likes. Unfortunately, the gang wind up eating the ultra-spicy spaghetti.

</doc>
<doc id="19400327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400327" title="Jair Céspedes">
Jair Céspedes

Jair Edson Céspedes (born 22 March 1984 in Arequipa, Peru) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Juan Aurich in the Torneo Descentralizado.
International career.
Jair made his debut for the Peruvian national team on March 24, 2007 in a friendly against Japan. Céspedes was called up by Julio César Uribe to play in the 2007 Copa América. However he did not manage to make any appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="19400328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400328" title="Pyramid of Merenre">
Pyramid of Merenre

The burial pyramid of Pharaoh Merenre was constructed during the Egyptian sixth dynasty at Saqqara to the south-west of the pyramid of Pepi I and a similar distance to the pyramid of Djedkare. Its ancient name was "Merenre's beauty shines" or perhaps "The Perfection of Merenre Appears". Today it consists mostly of ruins; it is hard to get to and is not open to the public.
The pyramid was built in height, in base length with an inclination of 53°07'48". The causeway is long and the complex was surrounded by a wall of mud brick.
Only traces of the mortuary temple have been found and the evidence indicates that construction was halted abruptly at one point and never resumed, probably upon the Pharaoh's death.
The entrance to the burial chambers is on the north face which descends to a vestibule where another shaft leads to the antechamber. To the right of the antechamber is the burial chamber; to the left is another small room, a Serdab. In the burial chamber a sarcophagus decorated with polychrome reliefs stood against the wall; when found, it was in good condition although it had been plundered. The ceiling of the burial chamber had an astrological theme and was covered with stars.
Excavations.
The pyramid was first examined in the 1830s by John Perring. Later in the 1880s the subterranean chambers were explored by Gaston Maspero who was in search of pyramid texts (inscriptions on the walls describing the Pharaoh's reign); his expedition discovered a mummy inside the pyramid which was thought to be from some later burial although some modern scholars now believe that it was the mummy of Merenre after all. If so, that would make it the oldest-known mummy. Since the late 20th century a French team led by Jean Leclant has been researching the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19400334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400334" title="Thomas Muthee">
Thomas Muthee

Thomas Muthee (born c. 1955) is a Kenyan preacher and bishop. During the 2008 United States Presidential campaign, his visit to the Wasilla, Alaska Assembly of God in 2005, including a blessing that he gave Sarah Palin, was widely discussed. His prior claims of successful spiritual warfare in Kiambu, Kenya involving an alleged witch known as "Mama Jane" also came under specific scrutiny. In addition to his Alaskan visits, Muthee has spoken to churches in multiple European countries and is involved in humanitarian work in Africa.
Background.
Thomas Muthee's church website states that he holds a Master's degree in practical ministry and founded the Word of Faith Church in February 1989 in the town of Kiambu, Kenya (near Nairobi) before going on to found approximately 400 churches in the nearby regions of Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Sudan, and Gisenyi in Rwanda. The original church is also known as the "Prayer Cave" because meetings were originally held in a grocery basement. Muthee's late wife, Margaret Muthee, was a teacher, and they had two children: Joshua and Ann. Joshua, a student at Sacramento State University in Sacramento, CA, resides with a pastor of his father's local financial supporter, Radiant Life Church. As of 2008, Thomas served as the East African director of the International Spiritual Warfare Network.
Mama Jane.
Muthee and his wife returned home to Kenya from Scotland, where he had finished his graduate studies, in 1988. They soon felt that they were "called by God to Kiambu" and after six months of prayer, research, and "spiritual mapping," they came to believe that a woman known as "Mama Jane" was a witch, and thereby caused traffic fatalities, traffic accidents, crime, and spiritual oppression in the area. Muthee alleged that "top government and business leaders afraid to do anything without her approval," that at least one person per month would die in a car accident in front of her "divination house" and that she weekly "went to Thomas' church site, performed magic, and cast her spells and curses." Muthee publicly declared, “Mama Jane either gets saved and serves the Lord, or she leaves town! There is no longer room in Kiambu for both of us!" Soon after his followers began to pray that God would either save or oust Mama Jane, three young people died in another apparent accident in front of Mama Jane's house, according to Muthee's account. Angry townsfolk wanted to stone Mama Jane in retaliation for the traffic accidents. When the police entered Mama Jane's home to intervene, they were allegedly startled by what they believed to be a demon and shot her pet python to death. Mama Jane was then questioned by police, after which she left town, according to some accounts.
Muthee has frequently referred to the Mama Jane event as an example of successful “spiritual mapping," which includes locating specific witches by research and prayer, and spiritual warfare, claiming that crime and traffic accidents were reduced as a result of chasing Mama Jane out of town. Others have referred to the event as an example of the power of prayer. The event was depicted in two videos by George Otis, Jr., in which Muthee claimed that the crime and traffic accident rate in Kiambu dropped drastically after Mama Jane left, and that he is responsible for positive social change in the town.
Workgroup "Back to the Bible," headed by Pastor Rien van de Kraats of Kamperland, Netherlands, found no police reports or any other sources that backed up Muthee’s claims. Investigators have asserted that "Mama Jane" is Jane Njenga, a local pastor who never left Kiambu.
Wasilla Assembly of God.
Bishop Muthee visited the Wasilla Assembly of God in 2005, delivering several guest sermons. During one sermon, Muthee covered seven areas of society that he said Christians should control, including the economic area:
The Bible says that the wealth of the wicked is stored up for the righteous. It is high time that we have top Christian businessmen, businesswomen, bankers, you know, who are men and women of integrity, running the economics of our nations. That’s what we are waiting for. That’s part and parcel of transformation. If you look at the Israelites, you know, that’s how they won. And that’s how they are, even today. When we will see that, you know, the talk transport us in the lands. We see, you know, the bankers. We see the people holding the paths. They are believers. We will not have the kind of corruption that we are hearing in our societies.
There has been debate over the meaning of his comments, with some interpreting them to be antisemitic, while others believe that Muthee sees Jews as role models for Christians.
Muthee also said that he believed that Christians should influence education, stating, "If we have that in our schools we will not have kids being taught how to worship Buddha, how to worship (Prophet) Mohammed. We will not have in the curriculum, witchcraft and sorcery."
During the same sermon, Muthee prayed over Sarah Palin, who was then campaigning for Alaska governor, asking God to "bring finances her way even for the campaign in the name of Jesus... Use her to turn this nation the other way around and to keep her safe from every form of witchcraft." When Palin spoke to missionaries at the church in June 2008, she referenced the blessing, saying, "Pastor Muthee was here and he was praying over me, and you know how he speaks and he's so bold. And he was praying 'Lord make a way, Lord make a way'... He said, 'Lord make a way and let her do this next step.' And that's exactly what happened." On Sept. 25, 2008, during the United States presidential election, an Associated Press article on the blessing was published in international news. Some sources compared the story to the Jeremiah Wright controversy, but The Boston Herald described it as "all smoke and no fire," pointing out that some religious experts believed that, in light of Muthee's cultural background, there was nothing strange about the prayer.
Muthee returned to the Wasilla church as a guest speaker for the weekend of September 20–22, 2008. He spoke there again in October 2010, with video footage available on the church's website.
Other appearances and projects.
Muthee has traveled extensively as an international guest speaker and pastor. He and his wife were guest speakers of a Greenville, PA church in December 2002. In 2004, Muthee delivered two sermons as a guest pastor at the Kingsgate Community Church in the United Kingdom, recorded and posted at its web site. The following month, in May 2004, Muthee reprised his role as a guest speaker at an international prayer conference organized by the International Christian Chamber of Commerce in Örebro, Sweden. In 2008, Muthee was also a speaker at the Exchange Africa-Australia Summit. In addition, Bishop Muthee has a "strategic partnership" with Yarra Plenty Church of Victoria, Australia, with an October 2008 sermon by Muthee available on their website.
Churches in Finland have donated funds to Muthee's congregation to build and support projects including a vocational center to provide training in tailoring, dressmaking, and fashion design; hairdressing and beauty therapy; computer studies; catering; plumbing; motor vehicle mechanics; and welding and metal works. As of June 2009, Word of Faith Community College has been completed and is training students in some of the planned professions. The computer studies program has been accredited by the Computer Society of Kenya.
Beginning in January 2008, the Word of Faith Church in Limuru cooperated with the Kenya Red Cross and UNICEF to house internally displaced persons. Kenya's "Daily Nation" reported in October 2008 that some families were still being sheltered there.
Members of the children's ministry group, Kids Works™ International, visited Muthee's congregation in late 2008.
Muthee's recent ventures include plans to provide a pastor for the Maasai in Kenya as part of a project with Eagle Rock Covenant Network to help the tribe dig a well and build a village. Muthee was also involved with Restoration Alliance in providing potable water to Kenya. Restoration Alliance is affiliated with Radiant Life Church in Sacramento where Thomas Muthee has been a frequent speaker and personal friend of Pastor Tony Cunningham.

</doc>
<doc id="19400339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400339" title="The Vault (album)">
The Vault (album)

The Vault is a collection of 12 previously unreleased songs by R&B singer Ashanti, released on May 19, 2009, by AJM Records. The songs were taken from poetry Ashanti had written as a teen and had been recorded in the late 1990s. Some of the songs were however used on Ashanti's self-titled debut album, and a skit on her second release. The songs were completed before AJM's joint venture with Murder Inc/Def Jam in 2002, but with further production being added before the album's release in 2009. Ashanti was not contracted to promote the collection.
Singles and iTunes success.
The first single, "Let's Do Something Crazy", was produced by 15-year-old Miguel "Migs" Baeza and features Flo Rida. The second single, "Imagine Life", was produced by Kidd Kold, who also produced seven other tracks on the album.The album entered the top ten on Japan's, Germany's, and the U.K's iTunes top R&B albums chart with a peak position of number 2 in Japan. "To The Club" has so far peaked at 20 on Japan's iTunes top 100. "Pretty Little Flower" has peaked at 2 on Germany's iTunes top 100.
Release in Japan.
It was released in Japan on February 18, 2009 as the first project in the Avex Group-The Orchard alliance.
Its catalog number is AVCD-23753.

</doc>
<doc id="19400360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400360" title="1998 UAB Blazers football team">
1998 UAB Blazers football team

The 1998 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 1998, and was the eighth team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Watson Brown, who entered his fourth season as UAB's head coach. They played five of their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama and one home game at the Hoover Metropolitan Stadium in Hoover, and competed as a Division I-A Independent. The Blazers finished their third season at the I-A level with a record of 4–7. 

</doc>
<doc id="19400365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400365" title="The Gist of the Gemini">
The Gist of the Gemini

The Gist of the Gemini is the fourth studio album of Italian-Canadian singer Gino Vannelli. The album was released in 1976 and was produced by Gino and his brother Joe Vannelli, together with Geoff Emerick.
The songs were recorded in AIR Studios, London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19400366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400366" title="Public holidays in Belize">
Public holidays in Belize

This is a list of public holidays in Belize.

</doc>
<doc id="19400370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400370" title="The Complete Master Works 2">
The Complete Master Works 2

The Complete Master Works 2 is a video album by American comedy rock band Tenacious D. Released on November 4, 2008, it features footage from the band's performances in Seattle, Washington on February 16 and 17, 2007, in addition to numerous bonus videos and "". It is the successor to the band's previous collection "The Complete Master Works".
The DVD states that the footage of the Seattle performances were recorded at Moore Theatre. This contradicts the official tour date history at the band website, as well as reviews of the shows on those dates.

</doc>
<doc id="19400383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400383" title="Sprucin' Up">
Sprucin' Up

"Sprucin' Up" is a 1935 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 137th "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Hoping to get on the good side of the new truant officer (Dick Elliott), the gang goes out of their way to impress the man's cute daughter Marianne (Marianne Edwards), even unto making such sacrifices as taking baths, combing hair, shining shoes, and washing behind the ears.
Both Spanky and Alfalfa pay a social call on Marianne, and before long, the two lifelong pals have become romantic rivals. Ultimately, Spanky and Alfalfa stage an athletic competition to determine who is the better man, an undertaking with prickly results.
Note.
"Sprucin' Up" was originally going to be known as "Good Night Ladies".
According to The Lucky Corner Web Site, the boys can be identified in the scene where they are sitting on the curb, from left to right as: Harold Switzer, Robert Lenz, Alvin Buckelew, Scotty Beckett, George "Spanky" McFarland, Billie "Buckwheat" Thomas, Carl "Alfalfa" Switzer, and Donald Proffitt.

</doc>
<doc id="19400386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400386" title="St. Wilfrid's Church, Kirkby-in-Ashfield">
St. Wilfrid's Church, Kirkby-in-Ashfield

St. Wilfrid's Church, Kirkby-in-Ashfield is a parish church in the Church of England in Kirkby-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
The medieval church was destroyed by fire and a new church was erected in 1907 by the Duke of Portland to a design by the archiect L. Ambler. The church has one of the most beautiful interiors with a fine reredos and chancel screen.
The church of St Wilfrid stands on a site believed to have been first used for a church in the seventh century AD and an ancient church is mentioned in the Domesday survey of 1086.

</doc>
<doc id="19400390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400390" title="Didier Rault">
Didier Rault

Didier J. Rault (born 18 February 1968) is the Founder and Chairman of International Finance Capital (IFC) and World Mining Investment (WMI). He is also the Founder and Chairman of the Didier Rault Foundation, a private non-profit organization dedicated to improving the lives of impoverished people around the world.
Biography.
Born near Paris, France in 1968, his business career has taken him from Europe to Asia and to many other parts of the world. He is currently pursuing investments in Asia, Europe and America through IFC and WMI.
News.
On March 16, 2009 International Finance Capital Ltd. (IFC) Chairman Didier J. Rault announced the establishment of World Mining Investment Ltd.(WMI), a global mining investment platform based in Hong Kong. WMI identifies and invests in top mining companies throughout the world and focuses on mining companies that produce the world’s major mineral resources. These include gold, platinum, copper, diamonds, iron ore, aluminum, energy products, and industrial minerals. WMI primarily invests in mining entities that have large, long-term, diverse assets with significant proven and probable reserves. WMI focuses on investing in mining companies located in Australia, Canada, Africa, and Central Europe.
In August 2012, a private Chinese mining group acquired a majority stake in World Mining Investment. World Mining Investment was advised by Beijing based Emerging Asia Capital. Mr. Rault will continue to serve as Chairman of WMI.
Quotes.
“Mining has been an essential industry for mankind throughout history. It is even more important today as thousands of everyday products are made from these precious mineral resources. We are tremendously excited at the investment opportunities in this sector and we feel that WMI will be the perfect platform to achieve our goals.
"With much of the world mired in a credit crisis with new investments on hold, cash-rich Chinese companies will continue to drive investment and fuel expansion in many industries and in many regions of the world for the foreseeable future. Companies and nations around the world should welcome China’s new role as global investor.
"...it is increasingly clear that China’s "Journey to the West" will continue, with more and more Chinese businesses pursuing IPOs and making direct investments in the West. Helping and encouraging that investment is both an opportunity and a challenge for European governments and business interests. For in the early economic races of the 21st century, attracting Chinese investment is one of the global economy’s top prizes."

</doc>
<doc id="19400391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400391" title="Georg Reutter">
Georg Reutter

Georg Reutter (3 November 1656 – 29 August 1738) was an Austrian organist, theorbo player and composer.
Biography.
Reutter was born in Vienna and became a pupil of Johann Caspar Kerll, whom he later succeeded as organist at St. Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna, in 1686. In 1695 he spent some time in Italy. He was ennobled in Rome on 8 January 1695 by Prince Sforza; unlike his son, he did not use his title. Between 1696 and 1703 Reutter was employed in the Viennese court chapel as continuo player on the theorbo. The principal "Kapellmeister," Antonio Draghi, recommended him to the emperor as ‘a virtuoso player able to play many instruments’. He was married three times and was the father of 15 children, of whom two became musicians (Karl and the younger Georg). In 1700 Reutter was formally appointed court organist. In 1712 he succeeded Fux as vice-"Kapellmeister" and in 1715 as first "Kapellmeister" of the cathedral; he retained that position until 1728. He passed on the position of cathedral organist to his son Georg Reutter II in 1720. He died in Vienna.
As a composer Reutter is best known for his collection of toccatas. He also composed a large number of so-called "Versetteln" or short organ preludes.

</doc>
<doc id="19400397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400397" title="List of geochronologic names">
List of geochronologic names

This is a list of official and unofficial names for time spans in the geologic timescale and units of chronostratigraphy. Since many of the smallest subdivisions of the geologic timescale were in the past defined on regional lithostratigraphic units, there are many alternative names that overlap. The body concerned with standardizing the names of geochronologic units is the International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS). In 2008 however, even though the Phanerozoic eon is almost completely divided into internationally recognizable units, local subdivisions are often still preferred over the international ones. 

</doc>
<doc id="19400400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400400" title="Doncaster (Cherry Tree Lane) railway station">
Doncaster (Cherry Tree Lane) railway station

Doncaster (Cherry Tree Lane) railway station was situated in the Hexthorpe district of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England and was the original terminus of the South Yorkshire Railway. 
The station, later to be known simply as "Cherrytree", was used for the first time when a special train, for the inspection of the line to Swinton where it joined the Midland Railway, ran on 29 October 1849 and it was scheduled to open for public use on 3 November of the same year, however this was not to be as some work required to be completed. The actual public opening took place on 10 November.
The station was closed when running powers were agreed between the South Yorkshire Railway and the Great Northern Railway which allowed the SYR to run their passenger trains into the GNR station.
In order to accommodate excursion traffic an island platform station known as St. James' Bridge was built on a site between Cherrytree and the GNR station by the LNER.

</doc>
<doc id="19400432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400432" title="Brahin, Belarus">
Brahin, Belarus

Brahin () is an urban-type settlement in Belarus and an administrative center of Brahin Rajon. It stands on the banks of Braginka river, 28 km from the nearest railway (Chojniki station), and has a population of 3,700. 
The settlement is first mentioned in the Hypatian Codex in 1147 as the important town of the Kiyv princedom. A significant part of Brahin's population traditionally was of Jewish descent. By the end of 19th century, 2254 of 4311 inhabitants were Jewish. Many Jews in the area were killed by the German forces during World War II: 
""On September 13, 1941, the Jews of Bragin were ordered to gather in a school for the purposes of selecting a monitor and his deputy, but when 300 Jews came at the indicated time the school they were surrounded by Germans and closed. After that, Jews were led out in groups to the edge of the village and shot.""

</doc>
<doc id="19400446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400446" title="Secretary of State of Kansas">
Secretary of State of Kansas

The Secretary of State of Kansas is one of the constitutional officers of the U.S. state of Kansas.
History.
The first Secretary of State for Kansas was John Winter Robinson, a physician from Manhattan, Kansas. Robinson was elected in December 1859, in anticipation of statehood for Kansas, and sworn in after Kansas was admitted to the Union in February 1861.
As a result of a bond scandal, Secretary Robinson was impeached on February 26, 1862, along with Governor Charles L. Robinson and State Auditor George S. Hillyer. Secretary Robinson was convicted by the Kansas Senate on June 12, 1862, and removed from his office, becoming the first state executive branch official to be impeached and removed from office in U.S. history. Hillyer was also removed from office, on June 16, but Governor Robinson was acquitted. Sanders R. Shepard succeeded to the job of Secretary of State on July 28, 1862.
Duties.
Electoral.
The Secretary of State is the chief elections officer of the state, administering elections and voter registration throughout the state. The office also files campaign finance reports and registers lobbyists. The duty of regulating lobbying and campaign finance is shared with the Kansas Governmental Ethics Commission.
Economic.
The Secretary operates the Business Filing Center, which registers business entities, trademarks, trade names, and liens made pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code.
The secretary regulates a wide variety of businesses, including sports agents, trade unions, cemeteries, and funeral homes.
Administrative.
The Secretary's Publications Section is responsible for publishing various legal and informational documents for the state. This includes statutory and administrative law publications such as session laws, regulations, and the state's gazette, the "Kansas Register".
The Secretary also operates "Safe at Home," the state's Address Confidentiality Program and conducts census adjustments.

</doc>
<doc id="19400450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400450" title="The Lucky Corner">
The Lucky Corner

The Lucky Corner is a 1936 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 143rd "Our Gang" short to be released.
Plot.
Scotty and his grandfather Gus are the proprietors of a sidewalk lemonade stand. The small operation struggles to compete with the ornate sidewalk diner run by Leonard's father. Leonard is too engrossed in his comic book to pay attention to waiting customers, and when they leave he whines to his father, who gets a policeman to force Gus and Scotty from their corner. Buckwheat's father, a boot black, offers Gus room to set up his stand, while Spanky, Alfalfa, and the other kids stage a parade and an impromptu talent show to draw customers to Gus's booth.
After some misadventures with Buckwheat (who cannot read) putting starch instead of sugar in the lemonade (Leonard does not know this when he steals the lemonade; the customers spit it out and call the same policeman), Gus and Scotty's business starts to thrive. Then Leonard comes over to belabor the gang for "doping that lemonade," just before Spanky slips an electric scalp-massager into Leonard's pants. Spanky then connects and disconnects the plug, starting and stopping the device and causing Leonard to writhe around in front of a gathering crowd in a weird snake dance, while Spanky's band plays "Stars and Stripes Forever".

</doc>
<doc id="19400460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400460" title="Judgment Day (2001)">
Judgment Day (2001)

Judgment Day (2001) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and presented by RC Cola. It was the third such annual event and took place on May 20, 2001 at the ARCO Arena in Sacramento, California.
Seven professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card. The main event was Steve Austin defending the WWF Championship against The Undertaker in a No Holds Barred match. Austin won the match, and as a result, he retained his championship. Two featured bouts were scheduled on the undercard. In a Chain match, challenger Kane defeated defending WWF Intercontinental Champion Triple H to win the title. The other featured bout was a two out of three falls match, which saw Kurt Angle defeat Chris Benoit, two falls to one, to recapture his Olympic gold medal.
The event grossed over $670,000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 13,623—higher than the previous year's event. The 2001 event received a lower buyrate than that of the previous year's amount, however, as it received less than 300,000 pay-per-view buys.
Background.
The event featured seven professional wrestling matches with outcomes predetermined by the WWF's creative writers. Wrestlers portrayed either a villainous or fan-favorite gimmick as they followed a series of events which generally built tension, leading to a wrestling match. The name of a wrestler's character was not always the person's birth name, as wrestlers often use a stage name to portray their character.
The main event at Judgment Day featured a No Holds Barred match, a match with no disqualifications nor countouts, in which Steve Austin defended the WWF Championship against The Undertaker. The buildup to the match began on the April 30 episode of "Raw Is War", Austin retained the WWF Championship against Undertaker, though by disqualification after executing a low blow on Undertaker, thus resulting in the decision. In the following weeks, Undertaker attacked Austin, and at one point taking his vest and the WWF Championship. Around that time, Undertaker, received a kayfabe phone call stating that his wife had been involved in a kayfabe car accident. The Undertaker found out that everything was okay and there had not been a car accident. The Undertaker then began to hunt down whoever made the phone call. On the May 17 episode of "SmackDown!", during Undertaker's match with Triple H, WWF Champion, Steve Austin appeared on the screen and admitted that he had made the phone call.
Another main event at Judgment Day featured a Chain match, in which Triple H defended the WWF Intercontinental Championship against Kane. The buildup to the match started after WrestleMania X-Seven on the April 5 episode of "SmackDown!", when Triple H won the Intercontinental title by defeating Chris Jericho after WWF Commissioner William Regal interfered. Two weeks later on "SmackDown!", Triple H and Steve Austin interfered in Kane's WWF Hardcore Championship defense against Rhyno by injuring his left arm (Kayfabe) with multiple steel chair shots, enabling Rhyno to win the title. At Backlash, WWF Champion Steve Austin and Intercontinental Champion Triple H defeated The Undertaker and Kane to win the WWF Tag Team Championship in a tag team match, in which Austin's WWF title and Triple H's Intercontinental title were also on the line. Their victory was due to interference from both Stephanie McMahon-Helmsley and her father Vince McMahon, enabling Triple H to nail Kane in his injured elbow and in the head with the sledgehammer for the victory. The following night on "Raw", Kane was scheduled to challenge Steve Austin for the WWF Championship but got attacked backstage by Austin and Triple H before the match started. Therefore, The Undertaker replaced Kane in the title match and defeated Austin by disqualification, but did not win the title. Afterward, Kane came down to save The Undertaker from the beatdown but ended up being put out of action for two weeks after Austin and Triple H targeted his left arm. On the May 14 episode of "Raw Is War", Triple H announced a chain match for the Intercontinental title between himself and Kane at Judgment Day.

</doc>
<doc id="19400490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400490" title="St. John the Evanglist's Church, Kirkby Woodhouse">
St. John the Evanglist's Church, Kirkby Woodhouse

St. John the Evangelist's Church, Kirkby-in-Ashfield is a parish church in the Church of England in Kirkby Woodhouse, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
St. John's was built as a daughter church to St. Wilfrid's Church, Kirkby-in-Ashfield. Originally constructed in 1860, the present building was constructed in 1906 on Skegby Road. The land was donated by the Duke of Portland and the church cost £10,000. The plans for a tower were never realised.

</doc>
<doc id="19400519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400519" title="Little Papa">
Little Papa

Little Papa is a 1935 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 138th "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Although Spanky would like to play football with the rest of the gang, he is stuck at home taking care of his baby sister. Hoping to lull the kid to sleep, thereby allowing himself to sneak out of the house, Spanky tries all sorts of "sure-fire" beddie-bye methods. But neither he nor his co-conspirator "Alfalfa" are able to coerce the little brat into drifting off to dreamland—though they do briefly fall asleep themselves.
Their efforts finally fail when, in the process of inflating the football, they cause its air sac to burst loudly, waking the baby and ruining all their efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="19400553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400553" title="Calderdale Council election, 2000">
Calderdale Council election, 2000

Elections to Calderdale Council were held on 4 May 2000. One third of the council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council from no overall control. The total turnout of the election was 28.97% (40,190 voters of an electorate of 138,748). The winning candidate in each ward is highlighted in bold.
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="19400564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400564" title="Too Soon to Love">
Too Soon to Love

Too Soon to Love (1960) is an American exploitation film starring Richard Evans, Jennifer West and Jack Nicholson. The film was directed by Richard Rush and released by Universal Pictures.
Plot synopsis.
The film is about the love relationship between a woman and a man, barely out of their teens, and another man named Buddy (Nicholson) who tries to steal her away from him.

</doc>
<doc id="19400575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400575" title="Steve Schaeffer">
Steve Schaeffer

Steve Schaeffer is a Hollywood studio musician who has played on more than 1,000 feature films and original soundtracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19400576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400576" title="All Saints' Church, Annesley">
All Saints' Church, Annesley

All Saints' Church, Annesley is a parish church in the Church of England in Annesley, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
History.
The church was erected in 1874 to a design by the architect Thomas Graham Jackson to replace the old church on the Annesley estate. Until 1942 services were held at both sites.
The interior of the church was destroyed by fire in 1907 but was re-opened in 1909. The chief glories of the church are the Norman font and the East window.
The church contains the achievement of arms of Patrick Chaworth, 3rd Viscount Chaworth which was moved here from the old church in 1874, as were many other monuments. 
Parish structure.
It is in a group of parishes with
Organ.
The National Pipe Organ Register lists the organ to be a three manual instrument built by F. Rothwell of Harrow.

</doc>
<doc id="19400587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400587" title="Little Sinner">
Little Sinner

Little Sinner is a 1935 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 139th "Our Gang" short to be released.
Plot.
Anxious to go fishing, Spanky skips out of Sunday school, despite the admonitions of his pals Alfalfa, Mildred, Sidney, and Marianne that "Something's going to happen to you." Actually, everything happens to Spanky and his kid brother (Eugene "Porky" Lee) in the course of the morning. Chased out of a private estate by cantankerous caretaker, the two boys wander into a dark, mysterious woods just as an eclipse occurs and at the same time a large group of black worshippers are holding a mass baptism ceremony. Some now insist on seeing the baptism and background singing of the Negro spiritual "(Why don't you) Come out of the wilderness" as a racist stereotype. They miss the point that this story had a religious casting, Spanky skipping church, and going into the "wilderness". At worst it is an internal pun on the plot. The song is performed well and was most likely not intended to denigrate anyone.
Inevitably, the kids scare the worshippers, and vice versa, culminating in a hectic chase.

</doc>
<doc id="19400600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400600" title="Aleena (actress)">
Aleena (actress)

Aleena (1986–2007) was a Pakistani Film and Stage actress and Dancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19400604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400604" title="The Broken Land">
The Broken Land

The Broken Land is a 1962 film starring Kent Taylor, Diana Darrin, and Jack Nicholson. The film was directed by John A. Bushelman.
Plot.
The film is about a cowboy who rides into a small town that is ruled with an iron fist by a corrupt sheriff. He becomes involved with a pretty young town girl and some residents who are trying to oust the sheriff, resulting in a robbery, a murder and his being pursued by a vengeful posse. Written by Edward J. Lakso.

</doc>
<doc id="19400617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400617" title="Finnish school shooting">
Finnish school shooting

Finnish school shooting or similar terms can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19400635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400635" title="RipIt">
RipIt

RipIt is a Mac OS X DVD ripper developed by The Little App Factory, not to be confused with ripit, a CD ripper for Linux. It enables users to create a playable copy of the contents of a Video DVD on their hard disk. It can successfully process discs that are encoded with the Content Scramble System, as well as advanced protection mechanisms like Sony's ARccOS Protection and Macrovision's RipGuard, X-protect, SecureBurn's ProtectDisc, Anaho, Fortium Technologies' Fortium and others.
RipIt does not have any option to remove region codes, nor does it allow the option to select certain features or chapters for extraction.

</doc>
<doc id="19400637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400637" title="Flight to Fury">
Flight to Fury

Flight to Fury is a 1964 film starring Jack Nicholson, and Dewey Martin. The film was directed by Monte Hellman and filmed back to back with "Back Door to Hell" in the Philippines.
The film is about an expedition that hunts for a rumored hidden treasure trove of gold in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19400679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400679" title="Random Acts of Heroic Love">
Random Acts of Heroic Love

Random Acts of Heroic Love is a semi-autobiographical debut novel by the author and actor Danny Scheinmann. It follows the parallel stories of two unconsciously connected men in two different time eras motivated by the memory of love: Moritz Daniecki, a young Austro-Hungarian soldier captured by the Russians during the First World War and sent to a POW camp in Siberia, who decides to escape in 1917 and walk thousands of miles for the sake of his childhood sweetheart Lotte; and Leo Deakin, who loses his beloved girlfriend Eleni in a bus crash in Ecuador in 1992, and in his despair embarks on his own journey of discovery and self-reconciliation.
The novel is based upon the true story of Scheinmann's grandfather Moshe, who too was an Austro-Hungarian soldier captured by the Russians, and undertook a three year journey back to Europe to be reunited with his lover, also called Lotte. Leo's grief and bereavement of Eleni also reflect the author's personal experiences when he lost his late girlfriend Stella in a similar bus crash in South America in 1992.
The novel was nominated for the Galaxy British Book Awards in the 2008 reading list of the Richard and Judy Book Club. The author is also currently adapting the book for film.
Plot.
Characters.
1917.
In the novel Moritz is an older man dying of consumption in his home in Berlin (which he caught on his travels and never recovered from) and is recounting his experiences on his deathbed to his son Fischel, whom we later discover to be Frank Deakin.

</doc>
<doc id="19400680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400680" title="Secretary of State of Montana">
Secretary of State of Montana

The Secretary of State of Montana is one of the elected constitutional officers of executive branch of the U.S. state of Montana.
The current Secretary of State is Linda McCulloch.
Organization.
The Secretary of State's Office is composed of five divisions:
Other duties.
The Secretary is the keeper of the Montana state seal, and also serves on the Montana Board of Land Commissioners, which administers school trust lands.

</doc>
<doc id="19400692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400692" title="Our Gang Follies of 1936">
Our Gang Follies of 1936

Our Gang Follies of 1936 is a 1935 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 140th "Our Gang" short to be released and the first of several musical entries in the series.
Plot.
The gang stages a big musical revue in Spanky's cellar ("6 Acts of Swell Actin," reads a sign above the cellar door). Spanky, as the master of ceremonies, persuades the neighborhood kids through song to come to the show, which includes performances by a miniature chorus line, a trio of farm girls, a group of kids dressed as skeletons, and featured spots for Alfalfa and a new girl named Cookie.
Backstage, there is pandemonium involving Buckwheat's dealings with a mischievous little monkey, as well as Spanky's worrying over his star act, the Flory-Dory Girls, whose tardiness forces the would-be impresario to keep shuffling his acts. When the show reaches its final act with still no sign of the Flory-Dories, Spanky has the other boys dress in the Flory-Dories' costumes. Since he knows the girls' dance, Spanky figures the gang can pull off the act in drag if everyone just does what he does. Unknown to Spanky, however, the monkey that was terrorizing Buckwheat has hidden in the bustle of Spanky's costume. The monkey pulls a needle from the costume during the dance and begins stabbing Spanky in the rear, and the other boys mimic his out-of-character jolts of pain and discomfort to the audience's amusement. Spanky manages to accidentally shake his dress to the floor, and the other boys follow suit, ruining the act as the audience roars with laughter.
Cookie tries to bring down the curtain, but only succeeds in trapping the boys in "front" of the curtain, causing them to scramble underneath as Spanky closes out the show (with the curtain hiding his corset, garters and lace leggings) and sends the audience of kids home.
Notes.
A follow-up to the popular radio/talent show based "Our Gang" entries "Mike Fright" and "Beginner's Luck", "Our Gang Follies of 1936" took the concept of those two films one step further by having the kids themselves stage an elaborate revue on their own. "Follies of 1936" was a particular success with theater owners, leading to a long line of "Our Gang" mini-musicals, among them a direct sequel, "Our Gang Follies of 1938", and several other all-revue shorts, including "Reunion in Rhythm", "Ye Olde Minstrels", and "Melodies Old and New", among others.
The short marked the first appearance of Darla Hood, who was added to the "Our Gang" cast while "Follies of 1936" was in production, necessitating last-minute rewrites to include her in the film. Her nickname of "Cookie" was dropped after this initial short due to the opinion of Darla being a good name. Darla would remain with "Our Gang" for six years, becoming its most famous leading lady and a featured part of many of the musical numbers in the short films.
"Follies of 1936" is also the first "Our Gang" short to feature Carl "Alfalfa" Switzer rendering an off-key rendition of a popular pop ballad, in this case Pinky Tomlin's "The Object of My Affection". Alfalfa's parodies of pop songs quickly became standard features of the "Our Gang" shorts, and many future "Our Gang" comedies, including "The Pinch Singer" and "Framing Youth", are built around the young singer's (in)ability to sell a song.
Scotty Beckett, whose role as Spanky's sidekick had been marginalized with Alfalfa's introduction into the series in early 1935, made his final appearance in "Follies of 1936" before departing "Our Gang" for a successful career as a child actor in feature films. Another "Our Gang" short featuring Beckett, "The Lucky Corner", would be released four months after "Follies of 1936", although it was filmed in 1935.
When show in television syndication, a running gag involving a racial stereotype is often omitted: whenever the lights in the cellar go down at the start of an act, the camera cuts to the section populated by the black children of the neighborhood, whose eyes remain illuminated as the rest of the screen goes black. The original, unedited version was reinstated for the 2001 to 2003 showings on the AMC cable television network.
The house shown at the beginning may be the same one as shown in other "Our Gang" shorts. This house was located in Culver City, California and was demolished in the 1950s to make way for Interstate 10. The interior basement shots may have been filmed there or on the MGM Studios lot, also located in Culver City.
Cast.
Dancers and audience members.
Jackie Banning, Therese Bonner, Janet Cornerford, Rex Downing, Joan Gray, Philip Hurlic, Garrett Joplin, Junior Cavanaugh, Joyce Kay, Patty Kelly, Mildred Kornman, Tommy McFarland, Priscilla Lyon, Lorna McDowell, Billy Minder, June Preston, Donald Proffitt, Harold Switzer, Marvin Trin, Delmar Watson, Jackie White, John Collum, Elmer The Monkey
Musical numbers.
"Songwriters are noted in italics."

</doc>
<doc id="19400693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400693" title="Clifford Cunningham">
Clifford Cunningham

Clifford J. Cunningham is a Canadian-born astronomer and author of numerous books on asteroids. He obtained his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Waterloo in 1976; upon enrollment, at age 15, he was the youngest student ever to attend UW. In 1991 he earned his BA in Classical Studies. For his book Introduction to Asteroids (1988) and development of The Minor Planet Index to Scientific Papers (currently on the small bodies node of the Planetary Data System managed by NASA), an asteroid was named in his honour. Asteroid 4276 was named Clifford. He is a contributing editor to Mercury magazine (since 2001), and a contributor to The Astronomical Calendar (since 1988). In 2009 he enrolled in the PhD program (history of astronomy) at James Cook University in Australia. Beginning in 2013, his affiliation is NARIT, the National Astronomical Research Institute of Thailand. In October, 2013 he was appointed to the editorial board of the Asian Journal of Physics.
After years of research, Mr. Cunningham finally discovered who actually coined the word 'asteroid'. Although 'asteroid' has been attributed to the famous astronomer William Herschel, Cunningham found evidence that it was actually proposed by Greek expert Charles Burney, Jr., the son of a friend of Herschel.
Publications.
Annals of Science 61 (4), pg. 469-480.
Journal of Astronomical History and Heritage vol. 12 (3), pg. 240-248.
Journal of Astronomical History and Heritage 14(2), 129-135. 
Journal for the History of Astronomy, 42, part 3, 283-306.
Journal for the History of Astronomy, 44, 187-205.
Culture and Cosmos. Special issue: Literature and the Stars. Vol. 17

</doc>
<doc id="19400694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400694" title="Minister of Defence of Abkhazia">
Minister of Defence of Abkhazia

The office of Minister of Defence (, ) has been one of the most important in the Republic of Abkhazia due to the ongoing conflict with Georgia. The position was created 11 October 1992, shortly after the outbreak of the 1992-1993 war with Georgia. The first minister of Defence was Vladimir Arshba, but due to his injuries for most of the time his functions were carried out by Deputy Minister of Defence and Chief of the General Staff Sultan Sosnaliev, who eventually also formally succeeded Arshba on 25 April 2003. Sosnaliev oversaw Abkhazia's successful expulsion of Georgian forces and remained Defence Minister until on 1 July 1996 he resigned to return to his native Kabardia.
Sosnaliev's successor was Vladimir Mikanba, who held the position during the May 1998 war in the Gali district and the October 2001 incursion of Chechen fighters down the Kodori valley.
Mikanba was succeeded by Raul Jumka-ipa Khajimba, who would go on to become Prime Minister, and who is the current Vice President of Abkhazia. 22 April 2003, when Khajimba became Prime Minister, Viacheslav Eshba became Minister for Defence. On 8 November 2004, during the height of the crisis following the 2004 Presidential election, a source within the government claimed that Eshba had been replaced by Mukhamed Kilba, the deputy chief of Khadjimba's presidential campaign, but this was denied by Prime Minister Nodar Khashba.
On 25 February 2005, newly elected Predident Sergei Bagapsh called on Sultan Sosnaliev to become Defence Minister once more. Sosnaliev agreed and held the office until shortly after his 65th birthday on 8 May 2007 he resigned for personal reasons.
26 June 2007 then Deputy Defence Minister Mirab Boris-ipa Kishmaria was appointed Sosnaliev's successor. During the August 2008 war in South Ossetia, he oversaw the Abkhazian conquest of so-called Upper Abkhazia, the only part of Abkhazia that had remained under Georgian control since the 1992-1993 war. Kishmaria remains Minister of Defence until the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="19400708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400708" title="George Marsham">
George Marsham

George Marsham (10 April 1849 – 2 December 1927) was an English cricketer.
Marsham played three first-class matches for Kent County Cricket Club. He later became president of the county club in 1886, and was also a prominent member of I Zingari. "Wisden" described him as a "useful batsman and a good wicket-keeper", who could also bowl slow underarm.

</doc>
<doc id="19400718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400718" title="Tropical Storm Norman (2000)">
Tropical Storm Norman (2000)

Tropical Storm Norman was a tropical cyclone that hit Mexico in September 2000. The sixteenth cyclone and fourteenth named storm of the 2000 Pacific hurricane season, Norman originated in a tropical wave that emerged from the coast of Africa on September 4, and moved westward across the Atlantic Ocean; the wave entered the Pacific on September 16. The disturbance organized into a tropical depression on early on September 20, and later that day the storm reached its peak intensity of 50 mph (85 km/h), and subsequently made landfall to the west of Lázaro Cárdenas, Michoacán. After weakening to a tropical depression over land, the storm re-emerged over open waters, and made a second landfall before dissipating shortly thereafter. The storm produced heavy rain that resulted in flooding and mudslides, killing about nine people.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Tropical Storm Norman were from the same tropical wave that spawned Atlantic Hurricane Gordon, which emerged off the coast of Africa on September 4. The wave moved westward, with the southern portion of the wave crossing Central America while Gordon formed in the northwest Caribbean Sea. When the wave reached the eastern Pacific Ocean on September 16, it interacted with a pre-existing low-level circulation, which produced a large area of disturbed weather. On September 18, the convection began contracting and organizing, gradually developing a circular area of thunderstorms with well-defined outflow. It is estimated that at 0000 UTC on September 20, the system developed into Tropical Depression Sixteen-E, about 205 miles (335 km) south-southeast of Manzanillo, Colima.
Upon first becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression was located within an area of weak steering currents. Initially it was forecast to remain offshore; with warm waters and light wind shear, the depression was forecast to intensify into a strong tropical storm, and possibly attain hurricane status. However, the circulation was difficult to locate, and as such its exact motion was uncertain. Ships in the region confirmed the center of the storm as further northeast than previously thought, but also confirmed tropical storm force winds; as a result, the National Hurricane Center upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Norman. Strengthening continued, and Norman attained peak winds of 50 mph (85 km/h), shortly prior to making landfall west of Lázaro Cárdenas, Michoacán, late on September 20.
Initially, the storm was forecast to dissipate quickly over land, although the possibility was noted for a westward turn, due to an anticyclone located over central Mexico. About 10 hours after moving ashore, Norman weakened to tropical depression status, and while moving further inland its track turned to the northwest. The center became very ill-defined over the mountainous terrain of southwest Mexico, although stronger rainbands persisted offshore. Late on September 21, the poorly defined center of Norman emerged into open waters near Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, and subsequently turned northward. At first, the depression was forecast to re-intensify into a minimal tropical storm; however, its previous land interaction prevented it from ever re-strengthening. The circulation remained close to the coastline, and at 1500 UTC on September 22, Norman made landfall near Mazatlán, Sinaloa, as a weak tropical depression. Within a few hours, the cyclone dissipated over land.
Impact and preparations.
In response to Norman's upgrade into a tropical storm, a tropical storm warning was issued for the coast from Zihuatanejo to Manzanillo on September 20. The warning was dropped after Norman made landfall the next day. No additional warnings were issued upon Norman's reemergence over water because it was never expected to restrengthen.
Norman produced heavy rainfall across western Mexico, officially peaking at at Callejones, Colima. At La Villita, Michoacán, total rainfall reached . However, the highest amount was actually at Petacalco/La Union. The rainfall caused severe flooding and mudslides, which killed about nine people. Additionally, the heavy precipitation flooded streets and homes as well as down trees. Four of the deaths occurred in the State of Chiapas as a result of a mudslide. Two more were swept away by raging rivers in the State of Veracruz, and another two people drowned in the State of Guerrero. In Chiapas, authorities evacuated about 300 families due to the flooding.

</doc>
<doc id="19400726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400726" title="Wayne King (ice hockey)">
Wayne King (ice hockey)

Wayne Gordon King (born September 4, 1951) is a retired professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals. During the 1973-74 season, King piled up 34 goals and 34 assists, skating for the Salt Lake Golden Eagles of the Western Hockey League, the Seals' top farm team. A left-shot operating from the opposite wing, his performance earned him WHL Second Team All-Star Right Wing honors at season's end. Following his retirement from professional hockey in 1977, King continued as an amateur forward, joining the Senior A Barrie Flyers, and later the Collingwood Shipbuilders and Midland Athletics intermediate clubs in the Ontario Hockey Association. In 1996, King was one of the inaugural inductees selected to the Midland (Ontario) Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19400728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400728" title="Vladimir Branković">
Vladimir Branković

Vladimir Branković (, born 22 September 1985) is a Serbian footballer playing for NK Vitez.
Born in Belgrade, he played with Serbian top league clubs FK Obilić, OFK Beograd, FK Napredak Kruševac, FK Partizan and FK Vojvodina. He played abroad with Moldovan side FC Sheriff Tiraspol. In outumn 2013 he joined Bosnian top-league side NK Vitez. He had already played in Bosnian top flight earlier with HŠK Zrinjski Mostar and NK Brotnjo.

</doc>
<doc id="19400733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400733" title="1988 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships">
1988 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships

The 1988 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was a Grand Prix tennis tournament held in Charleston, South Carolina in the United States. It was the 20th edition of the tournament and was held from April 25 to May 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19400742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400742" title="List of native plants of Flora Palaestina (A-B)">
List of native plants of Flora Palaestina (A-B)

This is an incomplete list of 2,700 species of vascular plants which are native to Israel, Palestine, Jordan and the Golan Heights. This area of "Flora Palaestina" includes: the whole area of the State of Israel; the West Bank; the Gaza Strip; the Golan Heights; the Israeli-occupied part of Mount Hermon; and the East Bank, which is the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
The table below lists alphabetically all species with initial letters A-B. For other species, click here:

</doc>
<doc id="19400758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400758" title="Divot Diggers">
Divot Diggers

Divot Diggers is a 1936 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan; It was the 142nd "Our Gang" short to be released.
Plot.
The action takes place at an expansive California golf course, where the gang merrily play their own ragtag version of golf with makeshift clubs. When the course's regular caddies quit "en masse", the desperate caddy master hires the gang members as replacements. The kids—and their gibberish-spouting pet chimpanzee—proceed to drive an adult foursome crazy, then put the finishing touch on an imperfect day by accidentally commandeering a lawn-mowing tractor.

</doc>
<doc id="19400763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400763" title="1999 UAB Blazers football team">
1999 UAB Blazers football team

The 1999 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 1999, and was the ninth team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Watson Brown, who entered his fifth season as UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama, and competed as a member of Conference USA. The Blazers finished their fourth season at the I-A level, and their first affiliated with a conference with a record of 5–6 (4–2 C-USA). 

</doc>
<doc id="19400764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400764" title="John Fahy">
John Fahy

John Fahy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19400771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400771" title="Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Depot and Lunchroom">
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Depot and Lunchroom

The Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Depot and Lunchroom are two buildings located in Wells, Minnesota and built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (otherwise known as The Milwaukee Road) in 1903.
The town of Wells was platted by a precursor to The Milwaukee Road in 1869. As the town grew, it became a junction, with one branch of the railroad continuing west toward Sioux Falls, South Dakota and a second branch going north toward Farmington, Minnesota. The railroad placed a railyard at Wells. In 1903, as railroad operations expanded, The Milwaukee Road built the present station out of brick. In addition, it also built the lunchroom (or "beanery") to serve the train crews as well as passengers and the town. The lunchroom was also built of brick and is located adjacent to the depot.
The depot is a single story, rectangular building with a passenger waiting area on one end and a freight room on the other. The agent's office was located between the two. The lunchroom is also a single story, rectangular building. It was altered from its original apprerance with the addition of a wood-frame room and garage. The lunchroom would have had a kitchen and dining area; however, at the time of nomination to the National Register of Historic Places, the lunchroom had already been sold to private individuals who converted it into a residence. 
The depot served freight trains and mixed trains (combining both passengers and freight) as an office for the train crews and passenger ticket and waiting area. In the 1960s, as passenger service was terminated, the depot continued to serve the rail yard as an office. 
After The Milwaukee Road went bankrupt and was sold to the Soo Line Railroad in 1985, the depot continued to be used. The Soo Line then sold this rail line to the Iowa, Chicago and Eastern Railroad (IC&E) (a subsidiary of the Dakota, Minnesota and Eastern Railroad). The IC&E continued to use the depot for its train crews until 2005, when it built new offices on the opposite side of the tracks. 
In 2007, the Dakota, Minnesota and Eastern was merged into the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR). The CPR planned to close the depot and demolish it as surplus. Instead the CPR sold the depot to the Wells Historical Society for a nominal sum. The Society will restore the depot and open it as a museum.
The depot and lunchroom were listed in the National Register due to their association with the development of the town of Wells and also for their association with the development of railroads in Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="19400800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400800" title="List of native plants of Flora Palaestina (E-O)">
List of native plants of Flora Palaestina (E-O)

This is an incomplete list of 2,700 species of vascular plants which are native to Israel, Palestine, Jordan and the Golan Heights. This area of "Flora Palaestina" includes: the whole area of the State of Israel; the West Bank; the Gaza Strip; the Golan Heights; the Israeli-occupied part of Mount Hermon; and the East Bank, which is the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
The table below lists alphabetically all species with initial letters E-O. For other species and some background information, click here:

</doc>
<doc id="19400810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400810" title="Tucker Bounds">
Tucker Bounds

Tucker Bounds (b. ) is a public relations professional, who has been active in Republican politics. He served as a spokesperson for the McCain-Palin 2008 presidential campaign. Bounds also served as the Deputy Campaign Manager, Communications, for former eBay CEO Meg Whitman's 2010 gubernatorial campaign in California. He currently works for Facebook, in Menlo Park, California for its policy communication team.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Tucker Bounds was born in Oregon and raised in Hermiston, and graduated from Hermiston High School. He is a 2002 graduate of the University of Oregon.
Political career.
Bounds began his political career an intern on a short-term assignment in the offices of Oregon Congressman Greg Walden and later worked as deputy press secretary for Oregon Senator Gordon Smith. In 2004 he was appointed as the Oregon Communications Director for the 2004 Bush campaign; in 2006, he was named as the Western States spokesperson for the Republican National Committee during the election cycle.
Bounds was a national spokesperson for John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign, serving to help manage his communications with the media. Jill Hazelbaker, another University of Oregon graduate, was McCain's communications director.
In 2009, Bounds was named partner in the Oregon firm of Quinn Thomas Public Affairs In June 2009, he joined the communications teams of Meg Whitman's 2010 gubernatorial campaign in California; she was the former CEO of eBay. He was named Deputy Campaign Manager.
In the summer of 2011, Bounds joined Facebook on its policy communications team. He concentrates on managing state and community relations, and has been concerned about changing ideas about privacy and protection of users data.
Work with the McCain 2008 presidential campaign.
A frequent public spokesperson for the 2008 McCain presidential campaign, Bounds made news after his September 1, 2008 interview with Campbell Brown of CNN news. That interview concerned McCain's recently announced running mate Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. The interview was described as confrontational, as Brown challenged Bounds about Governor Palin's lack of foreign policy experience. Bounds said that "Palin’s experience running the Alaska National Guard made her more qualified than Obama to be commander in chief, but Brown didn’t buy it."
Awards.
Campaign & Elections' "Politics" magazine named Bounds one of its "Rising Stars" for 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19400819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400819" title="Shaobing Song">
Shaobing Song

The “Shaobing Song” or the “Pancake Poem” is a poem purported to be written by Liu Ji, also known by his courtesy name as Liu Bowen, during the Ming dynasty. He supposedly presented the poem to the Hongwu Emperor.
Prophecy.
The poem is named after the Chinese pastry shaobing. It is written in cryptic form and is difficult to understand. Some believe that certain lines contain references to the future of China at the time including:
Most of the predictions since 1911 have been vague and inaccurate. This led some experts to believe the work is a hoax of recent production, designed to reassure people that all would be well when there was much unrest as a consequence of the Japanese invasion and the rise of communism.

</doc>
<doc id="19400824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400824" title="1989 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships">
1989 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships

The 1989 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was a Grand Prix tennis tournament held in Charleston, South Carolina in the United States. The tournament was held from May 8 to May 15.

</doc>
<doc id="19400825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400825" title="Shipment from Kihei">
Shipment from Kihei

"Shipment from Kihei" is an episode of the American television detective series "Hawaiian Eye".
Synopsis.
Maui cattle baron Bart Harrison is losing stock during transhipment to the markets on Oahu. His "lolo" (foreman), Jose Castro, is charged with overseeing the latest shipment to the cattle brokerage in Honolulu, while Bart's sister Rena hires Tracey Steele and Hawaiian Eye to track down the culprit. Bart Harrison tells Steele he suspects Fred Noble, an old friend who heads up the cattle brokerage. But Emily Noble reveals to Tracey Steele that Bart Harrison once asked her to marry him.
Meanwhile, Jose Castro tells the patrician Rena Harrison their affair is over. She begs him to stay, but he plans to leave. That same night Steele confronts Fred Noble as the latter tries to remove record books from the brokerage safe. Fred Noble insists the books are fake, he never saw them before. He suspects Bart Harrison is trying to frame him in order to get at Emily. Jose Castro then tries to shake down Bart Harrison over the fake thefts. When the two conspirators argue, Castro taunts Harrison with his sister's indiscretion.
When Castro's murdered body washes ashore the next day, suspicion falls on Fred Noble, who was seen near the Harrison Ranch. Steele arranges for all the suspects to gather at the ranch for a confrontation, during which he tricks Bart Harrison into confessing the murder of Jose Castro. 
Musical interlude.
For this episode, Connie Stevens sang "My Dream Is Yours" with the Shell Bar band accompanying her. There was also a brief Hawaiian cowboy folk song sung by uncredited extras.
Episode notes.
This episode featured real life footage of cattle-ranching operations on Maui, including scenes of the cattle being led into the surf by paniolos before being lifted by a crane onto a ship. 
When asked if he knows what cowboys are, cab driver Kim replies, "Sure, I watch "Maverick" on TV", a tie-in to another Warner Brothers television show.

</doc>
<doc id="19400830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400830" title="List of native plants of Flora Palaestina (P-Z)">
List of native plants of Flora Palaestina (P-Z)

This is an incomplete list of 2,700 species of vascular plants which are native to Israel, Palestine, Jordan and the Golan Heights. This area of "Flora Palaestina" includes: the whole area of the State of Israel; the West Bank; the Gaza Strip; the Golan Heights; the Israeli-occupied part of Mount Hermon; and the East Bank, which is the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
The table below lists alphabetically all species with initial letters P-Z. For other species and some background information, click here:

</doc>
<doc id="19400832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400832" title="Radosav Petrović">
Radosav Petrović

Radosav "Raća" Petrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Радосав Петровић Раћа) (born 8 March 1989) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Gençlerbirliği as a midfielder. He represented Serbia at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
Early career.
Petrović began playing football at his hometown club FK Jedinstvo Ub and he played there for all youth ranks of the club, before made his senior debut during the 2006–07 season. After only a year of senior football for Jedinstvo, he moved to FK Radnički Obrenovac.
Partizan.
On 20 June 2008, Petrović completed a move to FK Partizan from FK Radnički Obrenovac. He signed a five-year contract and was given the number 20 shirt for Partizan. Petrović made his official debut for the club in a UEFA Champions League qualifier against FC Inter Baku on 6 August 2008, a game which Partizan won 2–0. On 21 May 2009, he scored his first goal for Partizan in a 3–0 Serbian Cup final match win over FK Sevojno. He also scored against FK Čukarički Stankom in the final Serbian SuperLiga game of the season.
After the departure of Juca to Deportivo La Coruña, Petrović was given the number 8 shirt. He featured in total of 24 league matches and scored 7 goals in Partizan's title-winning campaign. His most notable moment of the season was a fantastic goal for a 1–0 win against cross-town rivals FK Crvena zvezda. He was also named in the 2009–10 Serbian SuperLiga Team of the Year.
On 10 April 2011, Petrović made his 100th competitive match for Partizan and marked his jubilee with a goal from the penalty kick against FK Spartak Subotica. He was named in the Serbian SuperLiga Team of the Year for the second season in a row.
On 30 June 2011, SBV Vitesse announced on their official website that Petrović was on the way to move to the Netherlands. On the same day, Partizan confirmed the transfer with statement that Petrović would sign a five-year contract. However, few days later appeared information that the transfer failed due to problems with the amount of compensation to the player's agent.
Blackburn Rovers.
On 24 July 2011, Serbian media revealed possible interest in Petrović from English Premier League (at the time) team Blackburn Rovers. The following day it was confirmed by Partizan that Rovers had bid for the young Serbian midfielder. It was later confirmed by Partizan that Petrović had been left behind from the club travelling to a pre-season tour ready for travelling to England to discuss personal terms when an offer was accepted. On 27 July it was reported that a fee had been agreed between Partizan and Rovers. On 26 July it was revealed that Petrović had arrived in England to undertake a medical. On 9 August 2011, a work permit was obtained and Petrović officially joined Blackburn Rovers. Petrović's full home-debut for the club was against Sheffield Wednesday on 24 August 2011 in the League Cup second round, in a game which Rovers won 3–1.
Gençlerbirliği.
On 22 August 2012, Petrović signed for Turkish club Gençlerbirliği for an undisclosed fee.
International career.
Petrović made his international debut for the Serbia U21 squad in the first leg of the 2009 European Championship qualifying play-offs against Denmark U21 on 11 October 2008.
He made his debut for the Serbian national team against South Africa on 12 August 2009. On 1 June 2010, Petrović was named in the final 23-man squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19400837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400837" title="1110 AM">
1110 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1110 kHz: 1100 AM is a U.S. clear-channel frequency as defined by the Federal Communications Commission. KFAB, Omaha, Nebraska and WBT, Charlotte, North Carolina share Class A status on this frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="19400841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400841" title="Through the Eyes of a Child">
Through the Eyes of a Child

"Through the Eyes of a Child" is a single from the German band Reamonn. The song is from their fifth studio album, "Reamonn". It was released on October 10, 2008, in Germany by Universal under the Island label.
Music video.
In the video, one sees the world, but drawn by children, and it is being destroyed and getting worse and worse. Parents are shown quarrelling, while whole woods are being cleared, military tanks are shooting, and icebergs are defrosting due to global warming. Cut in between these scenes, members of the band fade in and out.
Background.
The song is a foretaste from the end of 2008 appearing album "Reamonn". It becomes in it the change of complex things if one sees that with the eyes of a child. Probably is, that the text Rea Garvey simply fell to write, because he has a young daughter.
Track listing.
CD single.
The German "2er Track" (CD single):
Charts.
The song has reached the top 10 in Germany (#6) and the top 15 in Switzerland (#15) and Austria (#13).

</doc>
<doc id="19400852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400852" title="1987 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – 1° Festival Automolistico Internacional de Formula 3">
1987 Buenos Aires Grand Prix – 1° Festival Automolistico Internacional de Formula 3

Results from the 1987 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on December 6, 1987, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez. The race was a first race of a 1° Festival Automolistico Internacional de Formula 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19400882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400882" title="Hauser's law">
Hauser's law

Hauser's law is the proposition that, in the United States, federal tax revenues since World War II have always been approximately equal to 19.5% of GDP, regardless of wide fluctuations in the marginal tax rate. Historically, since the end of World War II, federal tax receipts as a percentage of gross domestic product averaged 17.9%, with a range from 14.4% to 20.9% between 1946 - 2007.
History.
The proposition was first put forward in 1993 by William Kurt Hauser, a San Francisco investment analyst, who wrote, "No matter what the tax rates have been, in postwar America tax revenues have remained at about 19.5% of GDP." Hauser cited Arthur Laffer's concept of the Laffer curve in his original article. While the two concepts are similar, Hauser's law was put forward as an empirical observation whereas the Laffer curve is a theoretical argument.
In a May 20, 2008 editorial by David Ranson, the Wall St. Journal published a graph purportedly showing that even though the top marginal tax rate of federal income tax had varied between a low of 28% to a high of 91%, between 1950 and 2007, federal tax revenues had remained close to 19.5% of GDP. The editorial went on to say, "The economics of taxation will be moribund until economists accept and explain Hauser's law. For progress to be made, they will have to face up to it, reconcile it with other facts, and incorporate it within the body of accepted knowledge." 
From fiscal year 1946 to fiscal year 2007, federal tax receipts as a percentage of gross domestic product averaged 17.9%, with a range from 14.4% to 20.9%. 2009 tax collections, at 15% of GDP, were the lowest level of the past 50 years and 4.5 percentage points lower than Hauser's law suggests. The Heritage Foundation has stated that the recent world economic recession pushed receipts to a level significantly below the historical average.
Commentary and criticism.
Forbes.com columnist Daniel J. Mitchell has argued that Hauser's Law has been observed due to the fact that the U.S. does not have a national sales tax and instead collects taxes in a federalist system, in contrast to many other Western nations. He also stated that the U.S. has an inherently more progressive system as well. Thus, he concluded that the Law represents a socio-political policy trend rather than a true economic law and that the trend could change rapidly if value-added taxes are imposed at the federal level.
Economist Mike Kimel, writing for the Angry Bear website, has stated that Hauser's Law is misleading as it sweeps large differences under the table. He wrote that tax revenue is higher in the years following a tax increase and lower in the years following a tax cut. He defined the time periods 1951-1953, 1967-1968, and 1991-2001 as "tax hike eras", and 1953-1967, 1969-1991, 2001-2010 as "tax cut eras", and points out that tax revenues increase in "tax hike eras" and that tax cuts lead to lower revenues.
Zubin Jelveh, writing for Portfolio.com, criticized the "Wall Street Journal" editorial for failing to adequately separate social insurance taxes from other types of tax revenues (such as income tax and corporate tax revenue). Because social insurance taxes go directly into the Social Security trust fund, revenue that is not earmarked for pension checks has actually fallen over the last 50 years. Jelveh points out that the main reason for this decline is a dramatic decline in corporate tax revenues, from more than 5% of GDP to less than 2%. Jelveh uses these facts to critique editorialist David Ranson's use of Hauser's Law to argue that raising tax rates on the rich will be ineffective at raising revenue.
Journalist Jonathan Chait has written in "The New Republic" that "swings are fairly dramatic" through U.S. history for tax receipts as a percent of GDP. He stated that the George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton administrations received "massive" extra revenues as the result of tax increases while the George W. Bush administration tax cuts lead to a "massive" drop in revenues. He labeled the idea of static, flat revenues as a "scam".

</doc>
<doc id="19400883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400883" title="Beat Sutter">
Beat Sutter

Beat Sutter (born 12 December 1962 in Gelterkinden) is a Swiss former football striker who played throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
Sutter began his career with FC Basel in 1981 and went on to play 114 matches for the club before he left to join Neuchâtel Xamax in 1986. He spent the best years of his career at Xamax, playing over 200 games there. In 1994, he signed for Yverdon-Sport FC, but he spent just one season there and moved on to FC St. Gallen in 1995. He scored twice in 29 appearances for St. Gallen and retired in 1996, aged 33.

</doc>
<doc id="19400887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400887" title="Abdul Shakoor Baloch">
Abdul Shakoor Baloch

Abdul Shakoor Baloch (born March 9, 1953 in Karachi) is a former Pakistani football referee. He refereed many international matches as a FIFA referee from 1993 to 1998, including a World Cup qualifier between Cambodia and Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19400893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400893" title="Church of St. Mary Magdalene, Sutton-in-Ashfield">
Church of St. Mary Magdalene, Sutton-in-Ashfield

The Church of St. Mary Magdalene, Sutton-in-Ashfield is a parish church in the Church of England in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
History.
The church is medieval but was rebuilt in 1854 and 1867. It contains a rare 12th century pillar piscina and the remains of the font top from the original Norman church.

</doc>
<doc id="19400900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400900" title="The Fest">
The Fest

The Fest is an annual music festival in Gainesville, Florida, organized by Tony Weinbender, formerly of No Idea Records. It is a predominantly punk rock festival, though there are also a good number of indie rock, country, and metal acts. The Fest first took place May 24th and 25th, 2002 and has since attracted a large number of people throughout the years. Bands perform across a variety of venues (varying from small bars to large concert halls) in the downtown Gainesville area.
The Fest has also been known for hosting many unofficial house shows. Attendees book the entire Holiday Inn near the University of Florida in addition to many surrounding hotels. The Fest takes place each year on the weekend of the Florida-Georgia football game (around Halloween), held in Jacksonville, so downtown Gainesville is left almost entirely to the thousands of people attending and performing at The Fest.

</doc>
<doc id="19400912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400912" title="Willie Isa">
Willie Isa

Willie Isa (born 1 January 1989 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league player for Widnes in the Super League competition. Isa plays on the wing or in the centres.
Isa was signed by Melbourne Storm for the 2009 NRL season and he has been compared to the Storm's former star player, Israel Folau.
Isa previously played one NRL match for Penrith Panthers, called up unexpectedly at half-time in a NYC game to replace an injured player.
He was selected in the Samoan squad in 2010.
On 16 December 2010 it was announced that Isa had signed for Castleford on a 12-month contract, Castleford coach Terry Matterson referred to this signing as being similar to that of Rangi Chase
In 2012, Widnes fan, David Quayle created a Facebook page on Isa, stating that if Isa was to score; the Widnes fans would riot. Despite popularity on Facebook, no fans rioted when Isa scored his first (and second) Widnes try against Hull FC in a 42-16 win.
In 2013, William Isa found a new position, that position of second row transformed him into one of the form players of the super league.

</doc>
<doc id="19400925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400925" title="Lambertus Nicodemus Palar">
Lambertus Nicodemus Palar

Lambertus Nicodemus (Nico) Palar (Rurukan, Minahasa Regency, June 5, 1900 - Jakarta, February 12, 1981) also known as Babe Palar, represented the Republic of Indonesia in various diplomatic positions most notably as the first Indonesian Representative to the United Nations. He also held ambassadorships in India, East Germany, Soviet Union, Canada, and the United States. He was the son of Gerrit Palar and Jacoba Lumanauw.
Early life and education.
Palar attended middle school () in Tondano. He moved to Java to attend high school () in Yogyakarta where he stayed with Sam Ratulangi. In 1922, Palar started his studies at the Polytechnic() in Bandung, which is now known as the Bandung Institute of Technology (). At this school, Palar became acquainted with Indonesian nationalists such as Sukarno. A severe illness forced Palar to drop out of the school and to return to Minahasa. Palar eventually restarted his studies at law school () in Batavia (now Jakarta) where he joined the youth organization called Young Minahasa (). In 1928, Palar moved to the Netherlands to study at the University of Amsterdam ().
Political career in the Netherlands.
In 1930, Palar became a member of the Social-Democratic Workers' Party () shortly after the SDAP convened a Colonial Congress and voted on propositions that included unconditionally recognizing the right of national independence for the Dutch Indies. Palar then held the position of secretary of the Colonial Commission of the SDAP and the Netherlands' Trade Union Federation () starting in October 1933. He was also the director of Persbureau Indonesia (Persindo), which was given the task of sending articles related to Dutch social democracy to the Dutch Indies. In 1938, Palar returned to his homeland with his Indo (Eurasian) wife, Johanna Petronella Volmers, whom she married in 1935. He traveled throughout the archipelago and gather information on the current developments. He discovered that the Indonesian nationalist movement was very much alive and returned to the Netherlands writing about his experience.
During the German occupation of Holland, Palar couldn't work for the SDAP and instead was employed in the Van der Waals Laboratorium. He also taught classes for the Malay language and was a guitarist in a Kroncong ensemble. During the war, Palar and his wife joined the anti-Nazi underground movement.
After the war, Palar was voted into the Lower House () representing the newly established Labor Party (), which originated from the SDAP. After the Indonesian Declaration of Independence on August 17, 1945, Palar being sympathetic to the proclamation promoted contacts with the Indonesian nationalists. This was not received well by the PvdA resulting in the party distancing itself from the original position of unconditionally recognizing the right of national independence for Indonesia, which was opposed by Palar. Being assigned by his party on a fact finding mission to Indonesia, Palar again met with the leaders of the Indonesian National Revolution including President Sukarno. Palar continued to urge non-violent resolution of the dispute between the Netherlands and the new Republic of Indonesia. However, on July 20, 1947, the parliament voted to commence Police Action () in Indonesia. Palar resigned from the parliament and the Labor Party the following day.
Representing Indonesia.
Palar joined the effort for international recognition of Indonesian independence by becoming the Indonesian Representative to the United Nations in 1947. He remained in this position until 1953. This time period included such important events as the continued Dutch-Indonesian conflict, the transfer of sovereignty from the Dutch, and the inclusion of Indonesia as a member of the United Nations.
During the Dutch-Indonesian conflict, Palar argued the case of Indonesian independence at the UN and the Security Council, even though his status was only as an "observer" because Indonesia was not a member of the UN at that time. After a second Police Action was unpopular and subsequently condemned by the Security Council [http://daccessdds.un.org/doc/RESOLUTION/GEN/NR0/055/04/IMG/NR005504.pdf?OpenElement], the Roem-van Roijen Agreement was signed, which led to the Dutch-Indonesian Round Table Conference and the recognition of Indonesian sovereignty by the Dutch on December 27, 1949.
Indonesia was admitted as the 60th Member State of the United Nations on September 28, 1950.[http://untreaty.un.org/unts/1_60000/2/23/00003125.pdf] Addressing the General Assembly as the first Indonesian Ambassador to the United Nations, Palar thanked those that have supported the Indonesian cause and pledged that Indonesia would assume the responsilities of being a member state. Palar continued his work at the UN until being assigned the Indonesian ambassadorship for India. In 1955, Palar was requested back to Indonesia and was instrumental in planning the Asia-Africa Conference, which gathered Asian and African states, most of which were newly independent. After the conference, Palar resumed his ambassadorship responsibities by representing Indonesia in East Germany and the Soviet Union. From 1957 to 1962, he became the Ambassador to Canada and afterwards returned to the UN as Ambassador until 1965. Sukarno withdrew Indonesia's membership in the UN because of the Indonesia-Malaysia conflict and upon the selection of Malaysia into the Security Council. Palar then became the Ambassador to the United States. Under new leadership of Suharto in 1966, Indonesia requested the resumption of membership to the UN with a message to the Secretary General that was delivered by Palar.
Palar retired from foreign service in 1968 having served his country during its early struggles and conflicts and battled for its freedom in the diplomatic arena. Palar returned to Jakarta, but remained active through lectureships, social work, and as an advisor to the Indonesian Representative to the United Nations. Lambertus Nicodemus Palar died in Jakarta on February 12, 1980. He was survived by his wife, Johanna Petronella "Yoke" Volmers, and children Mary Elizabeth Singh, Maesi Martowardojo, and Bintoar Palar.
In November 2013 Palar, together with Rajiman Wediodiningrat and T. B. Simatupang, was declared a National Hero of Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19400929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400929" title="Simon Jack">
Simon Jack

Simon Jack (born 10 May 1971) is a British business journalist and correspondent for the BBC, known for appearing on BBC Breakfast until September 2011. He currently features on BBC Radio 4's "Today Programme".
Education.
Simon Jack attended Merchant Taylors' School, Crosby and graduated from St John's College, Oxford with a BA in Politics, Philosophy and Economics.
Career.
Before entering journalism, Jack worked for a decade as a corporate and investment banker in London, New York and Bermuda. He has said that he neither liked the work, nor showed much ability at it. In 2003 he joined the BBC's business and economics unit and since then has worked on BBC Radio 4's "Today Programme" and Radio 5 Live's "Wake Up to Money". He has also presented business and financial podcasts for the "Daily Telegraph".
Jack was frequently seen on British television during the fortnight beginning on 7 September 2008 during which he reported for BBC News, the BBC News Channel and "Working Lunch" on the banking crisis that saw the Federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers, the bailout of AIG and the Lloyds TSB takeover of HBOS. He was often seen reporting from the London Stock Exchange, Canary Wharf and outside the offices of HBOS and Lehman Brothers in London.
Jack replaced Declan Curry as business presenter for "BBC Breakfast" in October 2008. In April 2010, he presented "BBC Breakfast" alongside Sian Williams while regular presenter Bill Turnbull followed the 2010 general election campaign trail. In September 2011, he left the BBC Breakfast team to join BBC Radio 4's "Today."
Personal life.
Jack lives in London and supports Liverpool FC. He is married to Suzy, eldest daughter of the late composer John Barry. They have 2 daughters, Phoebe and Florence.. 

</doc>
<doc id="19400933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400933" title="Daniel Penese">
Daniel Penese

Daniel Penese (born 1 December 1989) in New Zealand is a Rugby League player for the Parramatta Eels in the National Rugby League competition.
Penese was educated at Patrician Brothers' College Blacktown. His position of choice is in the Second Row. 
Penese agreed to a deal with the St. George Illawarra Dragons for the 2011 NRL season, although he did not get an opportunity at first grade. Penese then signed a new deal with the Parramatta Eels from 2012 onwards, although he spent all season in their feeder team, the Wentworthville Magpies.

</doc>
<doc id="19400936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400936" title="John Christian Bullitt">
John Christian Bullitt

John Christian Bullitt (1824–1902) was a prominent lawyer and civic figure in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He founded the law firm known today as Drinker Biddle & Reath. 
Early life.
Bullitt was born to a prominent Kentucky family in 1824. His family had a political background: his grandfather, Alexander S. Bullitt, was President of Kentucky’s first Constitutional Convention, and his father, William C. Bullitt, was a member of Kentucky’s Constitutional Convention of 1850.
Legal career.
Bullitt graduated from Centre College and moved to Philadelphia in 1849, on the advice of Secretary of State and future President James Buchanan, whom he had met on a tour in Washington, D.C. It was in Philadelphia that Bullitt began his legal practice. One of his earliest clients was the Bank of Kentucky. Bullitt and his law partner, Samuel Dickson, soon created one of the most successful and lucrative law offices in the city. Bullitt would later represent financier Jay Cooke in the aftermath of the Panic of 1873.
Bullitt served as a delegate to the Pennsylvania Constitutional Convention of 1873, and in 1885 drafted the "Bullitt Bill", which would become the Philadelphia City Charter two years later. He also founded the Fourth Street National Bank in 1886.
He would continue his legal practice until his death in 1902. His grandson, William Christian Bullitt, Jr., would become the United States Ambassador to the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19400938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400938" title="1990 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships">
1990 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships

The 1990 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Kiawah Island, South Carolina in the United States. It was the 22nd edition of the tournament and was held from May 7 to May 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19400959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400959" title="Jazz at the Plaza">
Jazz at the Plaza

Jazz at the Plaza is a live album by Miles Davis. It was recorded in 1958 and released in 1973 by Columbia Records.
Background.
The album features the famed sextet that would go on to record "Kind of Blue" six months later. The concert was recorded in 1958 but not released in full until 1973. The last three songs would reappear (in reverse order) in 1974, on "1958 Miles", but on "Jazz at the Plaza" all the tracks are of much better sound quality. The musicians did not know they were being recorded at the time. The event was a party thrown by Columbia to celebrate the healthy state of their jazz division. Indeed it was not meant to be a record session: "it was a party. We taped it because we wanted to remember it, in case it never happened again." Pianist Bill Evans later stated the musicians who were still alive at the time of release were offered payment at the 1958 scale.
"My Funny Valentine", which had become a staple in the sextet's play book, is played by Davis in his new modal style. On "Straight, No Chaser", he plays the theme faster than usual and alternates the groove between full and cut time, while Bill Evans quotes "Blue Monk" in his own solo.
Critical reception.
Allmusic's Thom Jurek gave the album four out of five stars and felt that, despite Sony's remastering, it "succeeds mightily on the level" of a "remarkable" band's "fine performance". He recommended it strictly to jazz listeners as a "curiosity piece" because of its "dodgy" and "dubious sound quality." In its four-star review of the album, "Down Beat" magazine found the music "engaging" and stated, "The intrigue from the redefined hard-bop here has everything to do with Davis' elliptical phrasings and seeming impatience with the latter-day offspring of bebop".

</doc>
<doc id="19400971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400971" title="2008 China Open – Women's Singles">
2008 China Open – Women's Singles

Ágnes Szávay was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to Anabel Medina Garrigues.
Jelena Janković won in the final 6–3, 6–2, against Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19400977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400977" title="1210 AM">
1210 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1210 kHz: 1210 AM is a United States clear-channel frequency.
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19400981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400981" title="Andrés Jaque">
Andrés Jaque

Andrés Jaque (born 1971 in Madrid) is an architect and thinker. His work explores the role architecture plays in the making of societies. He has been considered one of the most challenging contemporary European architects. In 2003 he founded the Office for Political Innovation, a trandisciplinary agency engaged with the making of an ordinary urbanism out of the association of heterogeneous architectural fragments.
Life and career.
Andrés Jaque has been Tessenow Stipendiat and has lectured in a number of universities around the world, including Berlage Institute, Columbia University GSAPP, Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich, Princeton University, Bezalel Academy, Universidad Javeriana de Bogotá or the Instituto Politecnico di Milano, among others. He is currently teaching at GSAPP, Columbia University.
His work has been exhibited at the Schweizerisches Architekturmuseum in Basel, the Instituto Valenciano de Arte Moderno (IVAM), the "Biennale di Venezia". and at the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA). His work 'IKEA Disobedients' (Madrid, New York 2012) was the first architectural performance to be included in the MoMA's collection.
In 2004, he completed the construction of "Casa Sacerdotal Diocesana de Plasencia". An interactive building designed to promote the public emergence of controversies among their users, mainly elder Catholic priests. What Jaque called a Parliamentary Architecture. Considered one of the earliest examples of a low tech European architecture, the building has been widely published and object of a number of exhibitions all around the world.
In 2005, he developed the "12 Actions to Make Peter Eisenman Transparent". A project to make visible, and easy to understand for general public, the political implications of the construction of the singular building site Cidade da Cultura in Santiago de Compostela. A series of actions described by Bruno Latour as a «"beautiful mixture of art, politics and building-site"».
TUPPER HOME, a system of tiny and colourful plastic dwellings, developed with the support of Tupperware, has been the smallest architectural project ever included as finalist for the European Union Prize for Contemporary Architecture Mies van der Rohe Award.
In 2012 he was invited to intervene the Mies van der Rohe Barcelona Pavilion, following previous invitations to artist and architects like Ai Weiwei and Kazuyo Sejima. His intervention ‘PHANTOM. Mies as Rendered Society’ made visible all the processes involved in the daily fabrication of the pavilion as an ordinary reality. Buckets, flags, chairs, old faded curtains, the salt that keeps the ponds pristine or the result of failed experiments carried out at the pavilion, were kept at the so far unnoticed basement. The intervention consisted on moving all those elements onto the upper floor. 
Works like ‘IKEA Disobedients’, or ‘PHANTOM, Mies as Rendered Society’ has presented a novel way of engaging architectural practices with research and for architecture as a discipline to gain political agency.
He is also the author of other works like Teddy House (Vigo, 2003, 2005), Mousse City, (Stavanger, 2003), Peace Foam City (Ceuta, 2005), Skin Gardens (Barcelona, 2006), the Museo Postal de Bogotá (Bogotá, 2007), Rolling House for the Rolling Society (Barcelona, 2009), the House in Never Never Land (Ibiza, 2009), the ESCARAVOX, (Madrid, 2012), Hänsel and Gretel's Arenas (Madrid, 2013).
Publications.
Andrés Jaque and the Office for Political Innovation have made major contributions to conceptualize the implications of French ecology and post-foundational politics for contemporary architectural and urban practices. They are the authors of :
‘Andrés Jaque. Everyday Politics’. EA! Ediciones. 2011. 
'PHANTOM. Mies as Rendered Society'. Fundació Mies van der Rohe 2013. 
‘Eco-Ordinary. Codes for Quotidian Architectural Practices’. Lampreave Ediciones. 2010. 
‘Dulces Arenas Cotidianas’. Lugadero. 2013. 
Jaque has made regular contributions to both specialized and general media. With significant papers for leading architectural magazines such as El Croquis, Domus or Beyond; or La SER radio station where Jaque holds a regular participation on architectural and urban concerns.
Office for Political Innovation.
In 2003 together with a number of sociologist, economist and journalist he created the "Office for Political Innovation", an urban lab focused on the development of a democratically centered architecture, considering objects as material actors of equalitarian societies.

</doc>
<doc id="19400983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400983" title="Middlebury Gap">
Middlebury Gap

Middlebury Gap, is a mountain pass in the Green Mountains of Vermont.
The height of land of the pass is located in Addison County.
On the southeast side of the height of land, the notch is drained by the Robbins Branch, thence into the Hancock Branch of the White River, which drains into the Connecticut River, and into Long Island Sound in Connecticut.
To the northwest, the notch is the source of the South Branch of the Middlebury River, which drains into Otter Creek, and into Lake Champlain.
Lake Champlain drains into the Richelieu River in Québec, thence into the Saint Lawrence River, and into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence. 
The Long Trail, a 272-mile (438-km) hiking trail running the length of Vermont, crosses Middlebury Gap between Worth Mountain, to the south, and Boyce Mountain, to the north.
The Middlebury College Snow Bowl straddles the southern side of Middlebury Gap.

</doc>
<doc id="19400986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400986" title="1220 AM">
1220 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1220 kHz: 1220 AM is a Mexican clear-channel frequency.
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19400993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19400993" title="2000 UAB Blazers football team">
2000 UAB Blazers football team

The 2000 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 2000, and was the tenth team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Watson Brown, who entered his sixth season as UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama, and competed as a member of Conference USA. The Blazers finished their fifth season at the I-A level, and their second affiliated with a conference with a record of 7–4 (3–4 C-USA). 

</doc>
<doc id="19401000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401000" title="1979 New York Giants season">
1979 New York Giants season

The 1979 New York Giants season was the 55th season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants had a 6–10 record in 1979 and finished in fourth place in the National Football Conference East Division.
The Giants were one of three franchises, not including the Seattle Seahawks (an expansion team that began play in 1976), which did not make the playoffs during any year of the 1970s. The others were the New York Jets and New Orleans Saints.
Offseason.
Before the 1979 NFL Draft, Bill Walsh, who was the new coach of the San Francisco 49ers, flew to Morehead State University with assistant coach Sam Wyche to work out quarterback Phil Simms. Walsh was so impressed with him that he planned to draft Simms in the third round, actually preferring him over another young quarterback they scouted and ultimately drafted, future Pro Football Hall of Famer Joe Montana. The Giants, however, decided to make Simms their first-round pick to the surprise of many. As Simms acknowledged, "most people have never heard of me." When Simms' name was announced by Commissioner Pete Rozelle, his selection was booed loudly by Giants fans. However, he became more popular with his teammates, who jokingly dubbed him "Prince Valiant" in his rookie training camp.
Regular season.
Simms won his first five starts in his rookie year. He led the team to a 6–4 record as a starter, throwing for 1,743 yards and 13 touchdown passes, and was named to the NFL All Rookie Team. According to his 1981 Topps trading card, he was runner-up in 1979 for Rookie of the Year, losing out to future teammate Ottis Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="19401001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401001" title="Claims under the European Patent Convention">
Claims under the European Patent Convention

Article 84 of the European Patent Convention (EPC) defines the function of the claims under the European Patent Convention, the function being to define the matter, i.e. the invention, for which patent protection is sought. This legal provision also imposes that the claims must be clear, concise as well as supported by the description of the European patent application or patent. The form and content of the claims are defined in Article 84, and supplemented by the .
The wording of Article 84 is as follows: 
The claims shall define the matter for which protection is sought. They shall be clear and concise and be supported by the description.
Rationale.
The EPC requires that the claims must be clear (i.e., for instance the claim wording cannot be obscure) and must define the matter for which protection is sought in terms of the technical features of the invention. The rationale behind this requirement is to ensure that the public is not left in any doubt as to which subject-matter is covered by a particular patent and which is not. The clarity requirement therefore plays an important role in providing legal certainty for third parties to determine whether they are infringing or could infringe a patent or not, so as in turn to be able to make the most informed economic decisions as possible (such as taking a license, designing around, refraining from entering a market, etc.).
Clarity.
According to the established case law of the EPO boards of appeal, the claims must be clear "in themselves when being read with the normal skills, but not including any knowledge derived from the description of the patent application ...". In other words, the wording of a claim must be clear in itself.
As mentioned above, a claim must define the matter for which the protection is sought in terms of the technical features of the invention. These technical features need not necessarily be structural however. They may be either structural (e.g. a nail, a rivet) or functional (e.g. fastening means).
The scope of the claims must also not be "broader than is justified by the extent of the description and also the contribution to the art". "requirement reflects the general legal principle that the extent of the patent monopoly, as defined by the claims, should correspond to the technical contribution to the art in order for it to be supported, or justified."
Implementing regulations.
Rule 43(2) EPC.
Pursuant to , a plurality of independent claims in the same claim category are only allowable in exceptional circumstances, listed in Rule 43(2)(a), (b) and (c). Decision T 263/05 of the Boards of Appeal of the EPO held that Rule 43(2) was not applicable in opposition proceedings.
New Rule 62a EPC, which entered into force on April 1, 2010, provides the opportunity for the EPO to invite the applicant to comply with Rule 43(2) before the search is carried out. This was not foreseen under the former regulations. Under the new rules, if the claims as filed in a European patent application contain a plurality of independent claims in the same claim category and if the EPO considers in that case that the claims therefore do not comply with Rule 43(2) EPC, the EPO may "invite the applicant to indicate, within a period of two months, the claims complying with Rule 43, paragraph 2, on the basis of which the search is to be carried out." "If the applicant fails to provide such an indication in due time, the search shall be carried out on the basis of the first claim in each category". A Rule 62a EPC objection may however be contested by the applicant in its reply to the search division or, later, before the examining division. If the search division finds that its initial objection was not justified in view of the applicant's arguments, the search will then be carried out on an unlimited basis. The examining division may also override the assessment of the search division. Otherwise, the claims will have to be restricted, during examination, to the subject-matter searched. 
This amendment to the Implementing Regulations of the EPC is part of the so-called "raising the bar" initiative, with the claimed aim "to improve the quality of incoming patent applications and streamline the grant procedure".
Applicability in opposition and revocation proceedings.
Article 84 is neither a ground of opposition under nor a ground for revocation under . Article 84 may however play a role in opposition proceedings if the patent proprietor makes amendments to the claims during the opposition proceedings.
In opposition proceedings, if the claims of the opposed patent are sufficiently clear for a skilled person to understand them without difficulty, then there is no reason to consult the description to interpret the claims. In other words, "the description can be used as the patent's "dictionary" to assess the correct meaning of ambiguous terms used in claims" but "if a term used in a claim has a clear technical meaning, the description cannot be used to interpret such a term in a different way."

</doc>
<doc id="19401022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401022" title="St. Helen's Church, Selston">
St. Helen's Church, Selston

St. Helen's Church, Selston is a parish church in the Church of England in Selston, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
History.
The church is medieval but was restored in 1899 and a north aisle added.
In the churchyard there is a monolith of the type found in Derbyshire stone circles which suggests that the site was used for pagan worship before the church was built. The churchyard houses the grave of Daniel Boswell King of the Gypsies.
Parish structure.
St. Helen's Church has a daughter church of St. Mary's Church, Westwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19401034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401034" title="Cleaver (disambiguation)">
Cleaver (disambiguation)

A cleaver is a large knife.
Cleaver may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19401037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401037" title="Diego Martínez Ferreira">
Diego Martínez Ferreira

Diego Martínez (born 24 November 1980 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan football defender.
Career.
While playing for Sportivo Luqueño in 2001, Martínez was involved in an on-pitch altercation with players from San Lorenzo and received a 20-month ban from the Paraguayan Football Association. The ban was later reduced to 10 months. Despite the ban, his coach, Mario Jacquet, applauded his winning mentality.
The central defender participated in the 2008 Copa Libertadores for Sportivo Luqueño before moving to Peru to play for Alianza Lima in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19401071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401071" title="1991 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships">
1991 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships

The 1991 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tennis tournament held in Charlotte, North Carolina in the United States. The event was part of the ATP World Series category of the 1991 ATP Tour. The tournament was played on outdoor clay courts and held from May 6 to May 13, 1991. Jaime Yzaga won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="19401075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401075" title="Willie Davies">
Willie Davies

Willie Davies (23 August 1916 – 26 September 2002) was a Welsh international dual-code rugby fly half who played rugby union for Swansea and rugby league for Bradford Northern. He won six caps for the Wales rugby union team and nine caps for the Wales rugby league side. In 2003 he was inducted into the Welsh Sports Hall of Fame.
Rugby career.
Davies first played rugby for Wales Secondary Schools, alongside his cousin and future Welsh captain, Haydn Tanner. Davies progressed to play club rugby for Swansea and Hedingley, and in 1935 he played for Swansea against the touring New Zealand team. Alongside Tanner, Davies had an outstanding game in which Swansea were victorious over the supposedly 'unbeatable' All Blacks. Tanner and Davies were credited as orchestrating the Swansea success, even though still teenagers and attending Gowerton county school. The New Zealand captain, Jack Manchester, is said to have passed back the message to New Zealand; "Tell them we have been beaten, but don't tell them it was by a pair of schoolboys".
It was at Swansea he was first selected to represent Wales at rugby union. Davies was capped for Wales against Ireland under the captaincy of Joe Rees on 14 March 1936. When Wales won, thanks to a Vivian Jenkins penalty goal, he found himself as part of that year's winning Home Nations Championship team. Davies was back the next season, playing two games in the championship though after the highs of the previous season, Wales lost all their games to end up with the Wooden Spoon. Davies missed the entirety of the 1938 tournament, but was back for the 1939 championship, playing in all three games. In the final match against Ireland Davies scored all seven points with a try and a drop goal for Wales. His drop goal was the last four point drop goal ever scored in the Five Nations Championship, and the last for Wales until the end of World War II. During the war, Davies served his country as a member of the Royal Air Force.
In 1939 Davies left rugby union behind when he 'Went North' and joined professional rugby league team Bradford Northern. He was an outstanding player in a great Northern team.
Willie Davies played 3 in Bradford Northern's 3-8 defeat to Wigan in the 1947–48 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday 1 May 1948.
Frank Whitcombe, Willie's Welsh team mate and fellow Lance Todd Trophy winner took on the role of 'minder' for Northern's slightly-built, mercurial stand-off when he was targeted by opposing teams.
He would later play rugby league for the Great Britain, and Wales teams. In 1946 he went on tour with Great Britain against Australia and New Zealand. He played in the tour's final Test in New Zealand and at point became a dual-code rugby international. When the Australians toured Britain the next year, Davies was chosen to represent the British team twice.
International matches played.
Wales - rugby union
Challenge Cup final appeareances.
Willie Davies played and won the Lance Todd Trophy in Bradford Northern's 8-4 victory over Leeds in the 1946-47 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on 3 May 1947, and in Bradford Northern's 12-0 victory over Halifax in the 1948-49 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on 7 May 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19401088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401088" title="1980 New York Giants season">
1980 New York Giants season

The 1980 New York Giants season was the 56th season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants finished in last place in the National Football Conference East Division with a 4–12 record.

</doc>
<doc id="19401090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401090" title="2008 South Carolina Learjet 60 crash">
2008 South Carolina Learjet 60 crash

The 2008 South Carolina Learjet 60 crash occurred just before midnight on September 19, 2008, when a Learjet 60 crashed while taking off from Columbia Metropolitan Airport in South Carolina. The weather at the time was cool, dry, and clear. The plane hit runway lights and crashed through the boundary fence, crossing South Carolina Highway 302 (SC 302/Edmund Highway/Airport Boulevard), and coming to rest on an embankment by the side of the highway. No one on the ground was hurt, but four of the six people on the plane (including both pilots) died in the crash, with the other two, Travis Barker and Adam Goldstein, suffering severe burns. The plane was a charter flight taking people who had participated at a free concert in Five Points earlier that night to Van Nuys, California.
Victims and survivors.
The two survivors of this crash were musicians Travis Barker and Adam "DJ AM" Goldstein. They were the only two to escape the plane and were able to inform first responders that there were four others on the plane. Barker suffered second and third degree burns covering approximately 1/3 of his body.
Pilot Sarah Lemmon, 31, of Anaheim Hills, California and co-pilot James Bland, 52, of Carlsbad, California both died in the crash. Also dead from the crash were Chris Baker, 29, of Studio City, California, and a security guard, Charles "Che" Still, 25, of Los Angeles.
Aftermath.
The crash site was left intact until the NTSB could perform its initial survey. As a result, runway 11/29 of the Columbia Metropolitan Airport was closed until the morning of September 21. Because the other airport runway, runway 5/23 was also closed for resurfacing, the airport was closed to service. Smaller aircraft were diverted to Columbia Owens Downtown Airport, while scheduled airline service was canceled for the 20th, affecting approximately 400 passengers.
In addition to the impact to the airport, because of time needed to repair fire damage and perform cleanup, the stretch of SC 302 where the plane came to rest was closed until 6 a.m. on September 25.
The plane did not carry a flight data recorder, but during the investigation, the cockpit voice recorder (CVR) was found. In the recording, the pilot indicates she is reacting to the sound of an apparent tire blow-out and attempting a rejected takeoff. Pieces of a tire were found at the crash site.<!--removed blacklisted site: <ref>

</doc>
<doc id="19401101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401101" title="Neillieae">
Neillieae

Neillieae is a tribe of flowering plants in Rose family. It includes the genera "Physocarpus", "Neillia", and "Stephanandra".

</doc>
<doc id="19401102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401102" title="Ageneiosus">
Ageneiosus

Ageneiosus is a genus of driftwood catfishes found mostly in South America with one species extending into Central America. It contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="19401103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401103" title="1230 AM">
1230 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1230 kHz:
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401118" title="Elaine Constantine">
Elaine Constantine

Elaine Constantine (born 1965 in Bury, Lancashire), is a photographer and filmmaker known for her colourful and upbeat imagery of British youth culture. The British designer, businesswoman and author, Jan Constantine, is her sister.
Professional work.
Photography.
Constantine came to prominence due to work published in "The Face", where newly installed art director, Lee Swillingham commissioned her first fashion editorial. Constantine's youthful and energetic style suited his vision to introduce a new generation of younger photographers to readers. According to Constantine, her work, "came at a point when people had seen grunge fashion for a few years and needed something else to look at." Constantine has also contributed to "Vanity Fair" and American, French and Italian "Vogue". Her commercial clients have included; Adidas, American Eagle, Burberry, Clarins, Diesel, Evian, Gap, H&M, Lacoste, Levi's, Nike, Shiseido, Sportmax, and Vivienne Westwood.
Feature film.
In late Summer 2012 Elaine returned to the North to direct "Northern Soul", the project she had always dreamt about.
The film tells the tale of two Northern boys whose worlds are changed forever when they discover black American soul music. Rejecting their small town existence working the production line, they dream of going to America in search of the super-rare records that will help them to become the best DJ's on the Northern Soul scene.
Born in Bury, Lancashire, the youngest of a large Catholic family, Elaine grew up listening and dancing to Northern Soul. From hearing her elder siblings’ record collections to her first youth club experience, Northern Soul was the soundtrack to her adolescence.
It is her obsession with youth culture and a lifelong passion for 1960s American, independent soul music that inspired Constantine to make her first full length feature film. Some ten years in the making, it aims to be an authentic portrayal of a quintessential northern soul experience.
Pop promos.
Elaine has made promos for Richard Hawley's "Baby You're My Light" and Moloko's "Familiar Feeling" (featuring Paddy Considine).
Exhibitions.
Elaine's first solo show was at Marion de Beaupre's Gallerie 213, Paris in 1998.
In 2002 Constantine exhibited ‘Tea Dance’, a show that documented the tea dance culture of Northern England.
Her work has been exhibited at London's Photographers Gallery, Tate Britain's 'Look at Me' Exhibition, curated by Val Williams, The V&A's 'Imperfect Beauty' Exhibition, curated by Charlotte Cotton.
A series of Constantine's prints are held in the photography collection at the National Portrait Gallery.
Most recent solo exhibition, 'Tea Dance', has toured Paris, London, Rome, Amsterdam and Moscow.
Awards.
In 1998 Constantine was awarded the John Kobal Foundation's Award.
In 2002 Constantine was awarded the Creative Review's Award for Best Up and Coming Promo Director.
In 2005 Constantine was awarded the Royal Photographic Society's Terence Donovan Achievement Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19401119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401119" title="Altaf Hussain (disambiguation)">
Altaf Hussain (disambiguation)

Altaf Hussain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19401125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401125" title="1240 AM">
1240 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1240 kHz:
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401136" title="1250 AM">
1250 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1250 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19401142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401142" title="Kot Addu City">
Kot Addu City

Kot Addu is a city and Tehsil of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. This city is subdivided into 28 Union Councils. It is located in the southern part of the Punjab province, and is a very historic city. It has a population of over 400 Thousand, making it the 150th largest city in Pakistan. It is built just east of the Indus River, more or less in the centre of the country, and about 866 km from Karachi, 600 km from Islamabad, 100 km from Multan, 80 km from D.G.Khan, 60 km from Muzaffargarh, 60 km from Layyah and 16 km from Taunsa Barrage.
Kot Adu City, being historic and prosperous city, attracts a number of tourists every year particularly duo to Indus river amazing locations and public gardens.
Location.
The city of Kot Adu is located in southern Punjab province and almost at the exact centre of Pakistan. The area around the city is a flat plain and is ideal for agriculture. There are Two main canals (Muzaffar, T.P link)and eight sub canals that cross Kot Adu, providing water from Indus River.location of the city on Google Map is 
N 30° 28' 34" E 70° 57' 52"
Language and literature.
The majority of Kot Adu's residents are native speakers of the Seraiki language, though being situated in the province of Punjab many people also know Punjabi and the national language, Urdu. The vast majority of the population is Muslim. English is widely understood among the educated. Kot Adu is home to many literary figures and poets who are known throughout the country. The famous folk singer Mr. Pathanay Khan belonged to this city.'"
Pathanay Khan"'
The recurring identification of misery of family of late Pathaney Khan, by the news report in daily Dawn on May 1, 2007, the international day of laborers, may still have not stirred the minds. In this small city of Kot Adu near High School No. 2, where Pathaney Khan has left his assets, consisted of one widow, sons and daughters and some priceless relics like Tabla, Harmonium etc. His fame and audience have crossed the shores of every continent, but no body could know his poor financial condition beyond appreciating his spiritual ‘kaffis’. He claimed that recording company did not pay his royalty in his last days of life. Afterwards, the family of the deceased was helped by very few organizations. Pathaney Khan is famous for singing Sufi poetry of “Baba Bhulley Shah” and “Khawja Ghulam Farid”. Few of his melodies are etched in one’s mind and they penetrate deep into the soul. It’s just not the composition but meaningful poetry of great Sufi writers such as “Meda Ishq Vi Tu, Meda Yar Vi Tu”, “Mera Ranjhan Hun Koi Hor”, “Ghoom Charkhrya Ghoom”.In kot adu the most beautifel shop is "baba bashir ka kademi kulfa" as well as "bashery di karhi"
Educational institutions.
Kot Adu is rich like other major cities of Punjab as far as schools and educational campuses are concerned. There are many colleges involved in the grooming of students and fulfilling desire of acquiring and distribution of knowledge and education. In last few years, mushroom growth of quality educational institution is observed in this region. And now there are various private commerce, Science collages, schools, academies like Punjab Inter Science Academy, and cadet college. There is one government degree college for boys and girls each. Several colleges affiliated with the Bahuddin Zakrya University B.Z.U Multan Pakistan and Punjab University Lahore Pakistan.The name of some private institutions are, Punjab Higher Secondary School.Bismillah. Inter Science Academy,Punjab Group Of Colleges,Oxford Grammar School,Professor Academy etc. and one Govt Technical College, is under construction.
Industry.
Kot Adu is a prominent commercial and industrial City in the Punjab province, it is connected by road a rail with Lahore, Karachi, Multan, Rawalpandi, Islamabad, Quetta, and Faisalabad also by air from Multan Air-port to all Pakistan Air-Ports, .Main Industries include 
Gellani floor mill
Beside these, Cotton factories; foundries; cotton, woolen and silk textile mills; flour, and oil mills are also located in this region. It is famous for its handicrafts (Kundar work), and cottage industries.
Information technology industry.
With the changing environment in the world as the I.T is the necessity of the word, Kot Addu has also adopted this change with great positive response the first totally professional I.T center was introduced in 2002 named I.TECH which then also opened a branch in Dubai in 2006, U.A.E is it a prominent institution in that region which mainly focus on web designing and development also there are many other institutions contributing towards the education of Information Technology. It is clear from the interest of people that this region need some Great Government I.T institution. In November 2009 Government of Pakistan also opened a Great Technical College named LAL-MEER technical college in the Union of kot Adu. This Progress in the favor of the region.
Health centers.
There is one Government Civil Hospital and several Private hospitals in the city beside many small Government and Private Hospitals in the Unions of the Tehsil.
National hospital and its owners also help the humanity.
Rehmat Rehman Hospital.
1/2 k.m rungpur road, chowk sarwar shaheed.
Agriculture.
Kot Adu is also an important agricultural area. Total area of Tehsil Kot Adu is 8,77,989 Acres of which 4,24,521 acres is under cultivation. Main Crops of the area include
Besides these, bajra, moong, mash, masoor and oil seed such as rape / mustard and sun flower are also grown in the district.
Fruits such as Mangoes(Mangoes of Shujabad district are the best in the world), citrus, guavas and pomegranates are the main grown in the Kot Adu City. Dates, jaman, pears, falsa and banana are also grown in minor quantities in the district.
One an other local fruit which is called a bare. It is one of the main fruit grown in this region. Due to flooding, the crops are now rare, especially cotton and wheat product affected by this flooding. so now majority of the agriculture lands are covered by Sugarcane. People either sold these sugarcane to sugar mills or produce 
Jaggery from sugarcane.

</doc>
<doc id="19401153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401153" title="1260 AM">
1260 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1260 kHz: There are 60 stations in the United States which broadcast on 1260 AM; the Federal Communications Commission classifies 1260 AM as a regional frequency.
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United Kingdom
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401161" title="Adamawa United F.C.">
Adamawa United F.C.

Adamawa United is a Nigerian football club from Yola, playing in the Nigeria National League. They play at the Ribadu Square Stadium, with a capacity of 5,000. They were relegated from the Nigerian Premier League in 2007 after a one-year stint. 
They were relegated from the league in 2012 but bought back the slot from promoted rivals Makwada F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="19401163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401163" title="Jim Napier">
Jim Napier

James Carol Napier (born August 2, 1938 at Wasco, California, USA) is a former minor league baseball catcher and manager. As a player, he stood 5'11" (180 cm) tall and weighed 200 pounds (91 kg); he batted and threw right-handed.
Napier attended Bakersfield College for two years before entering professional baseball in with the Chicago White Sox organization. He spent 19 seasons (1958–65; 1967–77) with the Chisox as a minor league player (through ) and manager (1973–77, inclusive). A stalwart defensive player, Napier was named a catcher on three consecutive minor league all-star teams: in the Class D Midwest League in 1958, as a member of the Dubuque Packers; in the Class C Northern League in 1959, playing for the Duluth-Superior Dukes; and in the Class A Sally League in 1960, with the Charleston White Sox. However, he struggled as a batsman. In his best overall season, his first at Dubuque, Napier hit .254 in 403 at bats, with 18 home runs and 79 runs batted in.
In 1973, Napier was named manager of Chicago's Knoxville White Sox affiliate in the Class AA Southern League. His 1974 Knoxville club won the league championship. Out of baseball in 1978, Napier joined the crosstown Chicago Cubs the following season as skipper of the Quad Cities Cubs of the Class A Midwest League, winning the 1979 MWL title. He spent two seasons at Quad Cities, one year as a roving minor league pitching instructor, then three seasons (1982–84) as pilot of the Iowa Cubs of the Class AAA American Association, making the playoffs in 1983-84.
In , Napier left the Cubs to become coordinator of minor league instruction for the Cleveland Indians before returning for a final season as minor league manager, with the 1986 Maine Guides of the Class AAA International League, the Indians' top farm team.
His career record as manager was 744 victories, 772 losses (.491), with two championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19401174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401174" title="1270 AM">
1270 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1270 kHz:
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401194" title="Len Ronson">
Len Ronson

Leonard Keith Ronson (born July 8, 1936 in Brantford, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey winger who played in the National Hockey League for the New York Rangers and Oakland Seals.

</doc>
<doc id="19401197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401197" title="1280 AM">
1280 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1280 kHz: 1280 AM is a regional North American broadcast frequency. 
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401201" title="Malacomeles">
Malacomeles

Malacomeles is a genus of flowering plants in the Rosaceae. It is most closely related to "Amelanchier", "Peraphyllum", "Crataegus", and "Mespilus".

</doc>
<doc id="19401210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401210" title="The Hundred Caves of Yoshimi">
The Hundred Caves of Yoshimi

The cliff is located on the , which connects to the to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19401213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401213" title="1290 AM">
1290 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1290 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19401223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401223" title="1300 AM">
1300 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1300 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission classifies 1300 AM as a Regional broadcast frequency.
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401225" title="West Side Dom Polski">
West Side Dom Polski

The West Side Dom Polski is a meeting hall and social club located at 3426 Junction Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It is now the Metro Life International Church.
History.
In the 1870s, Polish immigrants began settling on the west side of Detroit. As the population grew, several Polish Catholic parishes were established, including St. Casimir (in 1882), St. Francis of Assisi (in 1889), St. Hedwig (in 1903), Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary (in 1911), and Our Lady Queen of Angels (in 1915). As in many other Polish-American neighborhoods, plans were made to establish a social and meeting hall called "Dom Polski" (Polish home).
On the West side of Detroit, these plans were developed in 1913 by two Polish social organizations, Lodge 649 of the St. Isadore Society and Lodge 1009 of the St. Cecila Society. Land for the Dom Polski was obtained, and the societies commissioned architect Joseph Julius Gwizdowski to design the building. The structure's first cornerstone was laid on July 5, 1917. However, the construction soon ran into financial difficulties, and the building was not completed until 1925.
When Poles moved from the west side neighborhood, many of the Polish Roman Catholic parishes were closed, and the DOm Polski changed hands. It has recently been used to house the Metro Life International Church and Scotty's Food and Cookies. 
As of March 2008 it was up for sale; the property was described as being , including a cat room, auditorium with seating for 400, bar, dance studio, basement kitchen, and 6-8 bathrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="19401230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401230" title="1981 New York Giants season">
1981 New York Giants season

The 1981 New York Giants season was the 57th season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants qualified for the playoffs for the first time in 18 years with a 9–7 record, which placed them third in the National Football Conference East Division. The Giants qualified for the postseason thanks to an overtime victory over the Dallas Cowboys in the last game of the season, coupled with a loss by the Green Bay Packers. In the Wild Card playoffs, the Giants defeated the Philadelphia Eagles 27–21 in Philadelphia's Veterans Stadium. New York's season ended with a 38–24 loss to the San Francisco 49ers in the Divisional round.

</doc>
<doc id="19401233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401233" title="2001 UAB Blazers football team">
2001 UAB Blazers football team

The 2001 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 2001, and was the eleventh team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Watson Brown, who entered his seventh season as UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama, and competed as a member of Conference USA. The Blazers finished their sixth season at the I-A level, and their third affiliated with a conference with a record of 6–5 (5–2 C-USA). 

</doc>
<doc id="19401243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401243" title="1310 AM">
1310 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1310 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission classifies 1310 AM as a regional frequency.
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401244" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T52">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T52

The Men's 200m T52 had its Final held on September 10 at 17:15.

</doc>
<doc id="19401259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401259" title="1997–98 Liga Artzit">
1997–98 Liga Artzit

The 1997–98 Liga Artzit season saw Maccabi Jaffa win the title and earn promotion to the top division. Tzafririm Holon were also promoted.
At the other end of the table, Hapoel Ramat Gan and Maccabi Yavne were relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19401271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401271" title="1320 AM">
1320 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1320 kHz: The FCC and CRTC classifies 1320 AM as a Regional broadcast frequency.
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401290" title="1330 AM">
1330 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1330 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19401292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401292" title="Three Harbors Council">
Three Harbors Council

Three Harbors Council is a local council of the Boy Scouts of America serving three southeastern Wisconsin counties: Milwaukee County, Racine County, and Kenosha County. Its name and logo refer to the three major port cities of Milwaukee, Racine, and Kenosha (in those three counties of the same name) on Lake Michigan.
History.
The council was formed from a merger of Southeast Wisconsin Council and Milwaukee County Council in 2011. Southeast Wisconsin Council was itself formed from a merger of the former Racine County Council and Kenosha Council in 1972.
Districts.
The council is subdivided into the following administrative districts:
Camps.
Indian Mound Reservation.
Indian Mound Reservation (IMR) is named for the Indian mound at the camp in Oconomowoc, Wisconsin off of Silver Lake, and it caters primarily to the council's Cub Scouting program during the summer months and hosts several Cub Scouting day camps in cooperation with the Potawatomi Area Council. This camp is the primary recipient of Mikano Lodge. Units can rent the cabins and other facilities. The main attractions of the camp include a mine-themed program area, which after a National Service Grant Project from Mikano Lodge in 2005 now includes a panning for gold stream named Turtle Creek. The camp also features a castle and wooden land ship.
Camp Oh-Da-Ko-Ta.
Camp Oh-Da-Ko-Ta, located in Burlington, Wisconsin, offers complete year-round facilities for Cub Scout packs, Boy Scout troops and Venturing Crews. The camp encompasses of beautiful rolling hills and woodlands including waterfront on Dyer Lake.
LeFeber Northwoods Camps.
LeFeber Northwoods Camps is located near Laona, Wisconsin, on Hardwood Lake. The camp has an extensive history as a logging camp prior to its purchase and donation to the council in 1930. It primarily serves Boy Scout summer camps and features an excellent program drawing in campers from Michigan, Illinois, and several councils located in Wisconsin.
LeFeber is of sub-boreal Wisconsin wilderness around Hardwood Lake with a deeply ingrained history in the region's timber industry. The camp was established in 1930 on land formerly owned by several timber companies, now nestled in the midst of the Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest, where Scouts have access to hundreds of miles of hiking, biking, and boating opportunities. From archery to woodcarving, nature study to cooking, a wide variety of program features and merit badges are offered. Merit badges, however, are only a portion of the overall program, which includes archaeology, bike treks, blacksmithing, climbing and rappelling, fly fishing, golf, horseback riding, rifle & shotgun shooting, tomahawk throwing, whitewater rafting, and windsurfing. It uses the patrol cooking method.
Robert S. Lyle Scout Reservation.
The Robert S. Lyle Scout Reservation is a wilderness Boy Scout Camp. The reservation, located northeast of Antigo, Wisconsin, encompasses two lakes, Aninan and Perch, and has the Wolf River running through it. Like LeFeber, Lyle is one of the few Scout camps that uses patrol cooking, where food is provided, but the Scouts cook the meals themselves. The camp does offer a dining hall option but the vast majority of troops elect to participate in patrol cooking.
Lyle is one of the few Scout camps that runs an open program, meaning Scouts are free to work on merit badges or do activities of their choice during program time. This unique structure helps teach the Scouts time management as they figure out which part of camp they want to experience next.
Former camps.
Journal (Erin).
The Milwaukee Journal originally donated land in 1922 to the former Milwaukee County Council for a scout camp that was named Camp Journal.
This first camp was located on on Watertown Plank Road west of Highway 100 in Wauwatosa (), which is now part of Underwood Creek Parkway.
However, this site was small and quickly surrounded by development, so the Journal helped the scouts buy a plot northwest of North Avenue and County Highway YY (Pilgrim Road) in Brookfield (), moving Camp Journal to this site in 1946.
Finally in 1972, the camp was moved to its current site in the town of Erin near Hartland ().
Camp Journal was sold to Quad/Graphics in 1997 and is now known as Camp/Quad.
Quad/Graphics allows scout units to use the camp several weekends each year, at which time scouts refer to it as "Camp Erin".
The company established a conservation easement on the land in 2009, so it can never be developed.
Ka-Ha-Gon.
Located at , Camp Ka-Ha-Gon was purchased by the former Racine Council in 1967. It was sold to a private foundation when the Racine and Kenosha councils merged in 1971, and they sold it to the Racine County park system in 1982. It is now known as Wadewitz Nature Camp and is still occasionally used by scout units looking for a rustic camping experience near home.
Chippecotton.
Land for Camp Chippecotton was donated to the former Racine Council in 1936.
This camp was on the shore of Pleasant Lake () in Walworth County, across the lake from Girl Scout camps Pottawatomi Hills () and Juniper Knoll ().
The camp was referred to generically ("the Boy Scout camp at Pleasant Lake") for many years, receiving the name "Chippecotton" (from a Menominee Indian name for the Root River) in a contest in 1953.
The camp was sold in 1962, because its 100-scout capacity was now too small for the council, and the proceeds of the sale were used to develop the recently acquired Camp Lyle.
Deerhaven.
The camp was given to the former Kenosha Council in 1951, and it was sold when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971.
Freeman.
Camp Freeman was donated to the former Racine Council in 1947 by realtor L. L. Freeman on land at the current location of Colonial Park (). It was still active in 1951, being used by scouts for events such as picnics, overnight campouts, and leader training; however, it must have been sold to Racine soon afterwards, because Colonial Park is listed as one of the city's largest parks in 1956.
Davidson.
This camp was operated by the former Milwaukee County Council in the town of Franklin near Puetz Road west of Highway 41. The land that was formerly Camp Arthur Davidson is now the site of Franklin Woods Nature Center (), owned by the city of Franklin.
It was named after one of the founders of Harley-Davidson, who bought the land and donated it to the Boy Scouts.
He also donated another camp in 1933, which was sold in 1938 and became Brown Deer Park ().
Backus.
This camp was operated by the former Milwaukee County Council on the shore of Lake Michigan north of Milwaukee. It was near Doctor's Park in Fox Point, probably what is now the Schlitz Audubon Nature Center.
Scout Heritage Museum.
Located at 330 South 84th Street in Milwaukee, the Scout Heritage Museum seeks to show the history of Scouting in the Milwaukee area and southeastern Wisconsin as well as national Scouting history. Featured in the museum are historical photographs, rare Scouting books, badges, awards, memorabilia from jamborees and camporees, old uniforms and equipment, and author and illustrator W. Ben Hunt's collection of neckerchief slides and artifacts.
Order of the Arrow.
Upon its founding, the Three Harbors Council was temporarily served by two lodges:
The terms of the Three Harbors Council merger (dated October 1, 2011) specified that the two lodges should determine how best to consolidate within 18 months of the council merger. In 2012, the Lodge Creation Committee was formed of equal numbers of youth from each lodge with limited adult involvement, aside from the lodge's primary advisers. This committee met multiple times leading up to the 2012 summer camp season to decide on the Lodge Executive Committee structure, how the new lodge is going to utilize all four camps, a chapter system for the larger geographic area, the officers and election cycle, etc. The committee solicited lodge name, totem, and patch ideas from the membership through July 1st, 2012. 
On the morning of July 8th, 2012, the youth of the committee decided and voted on the new name and totem. The decision became official at 10:08 am at LeFeber Northwoods Camps. It was announced that the name and totem would be unveiled at the New Lodge Kickoff on October 20th, 2012. However, it was not until January 6th, 2013, that the Kanwa tho Lodge 636, was unveiled by the youth committee that created it.
The Kanwa tho Lodge is named after a subgrouping of the Potawatomi tribe of Indians headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Their totem is the panther, as "Kanwa tho" translates to "Panther Band". 

</doc>
<doc id="19401295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401295" title="1992 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships">
1992 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships

The 1992 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Charlotte, North Carolina in the United States. It was the 24th ediion of the tournament and was held from May 4 to May 11.

</doc>
<doc id="19401298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401298" title="2008 Merdeka Tournament">
2008 Merdeka Tournament

The 40th Merdeka Tournament was played from the 15th to the 5th of October 2008. The tournament was won by Vietnam Under-22s who defeated Malaysia 6-5 through a penalty kick in the final.
Group Stages.
All times local (UTC%2B8)
Knockout stages.
All times local (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="19401303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401303" title="All Saints' Church, Stanton on the Hill">
All Saints' Church, Stanton on the Hill

All Saints' Church, Stanton on the Hill is a parish church in the Church of England in Stanton on the Hill, Nottinghamshire.
The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture, Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
History.
The church dates from 1899 and the foundation stone was laid by the Countess of Carnaervon.
Parish structure.
It is a daughter church to St. Andrew's Church, Skegby.

</doc>
<doc id="19401348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401348" title="Maritime Awareness Global Network">
Maritime Awareness Global Network

Maritime Awareness Global Network (MAGNET) is an intelligence tool for the collection, correlation, fusion, and dissemination of maritime information via web-enabled user interfaces to specific user groups in support of maritime domain awareness (MDA).
The United States Coast Guard, an agency of the Department of Homeland Security, developed the Maritime Awareness Global Network (MAGNET) system to use information relating to vessels and activities within the maritime environment to accomplish the Coast Guard’s missions in the areas of Maritime Safety, Maritime Security, Maritime Mobility, National Defense, and Protection of Natural Resources. MAGNET replaces the Joint Maritime Information Element (JMIE) Support System (JSS). 
MAGNET provides awareness to the field as well as to strategic planners by aggregating data from existing sources internal and external to the Coast Guard or the Department of Homeland Security. MAGNET correlates data and provides the medium to display information such as ship registry, current ship position, crew background, passenger lists, port history, cargo, known criminal vessels, and suspect lists. MAGNET processes personally identifiable information (PII).
Coast Guard Intelligence serves as MAGNET’s executive agent and shares appropriate aggregated data on a need to know basis with other law enforcement and intelligence agencies.
MAGNET provides access to the database via workstations located throughout the world. The system will be accessible on multiple networks at different classification levels. The workstations are equipped to access the appropriate networks with current browser technology.

</doc>
<doc id="19401349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401349" title="Semimonocoque">
Semimonocoque

The term Semimonocoque is a relatively new variation on the general concept of a stressed skin structure and has mutated over time as the English language sometimes tends to. This explains why references to the term semi-monocoque can only be traced back to around 1980's. If one was to assume that a monocoque structure is one where the skin takes 'most' of the load then introducing a semi version makes no real sense. Take for example a stressed skin structure of a modern aircraft. would the skin stay in its profile and remain being able to carry the stressed load without a sub structure. Highly unlikely. Would an aircraft fly with just the substructure and no outside skin. Extremely unlikely. Therefore for any structure that isn't a perfect egg shell to self-support its skin to carry its own load, the skin needs a substructure to retain and control form. This is true for aircraft, railway carriages and any over device that is...stressed skin. Therefore breaking the monocoque term in monocoque and semi monocoque is a language based utilization rather than a logic extension of the original term monocoque.
Overview.
The use of the term semimonocoque when trying to explain semi stressed skin structures has taken the use of the original word monocoque beyond its original intent.
Combination construction.
Some aircraft use a combination of construction methods. The Mooney range of four seat aircraft, for instance, use a steel tube truss frame around the passenger compartment with monocoque behind.

</doc>
<doc id="19401353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401353" title="Air Heads (album)">
Air Heads (album)

Air Heads is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was first released in December 1991. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.

</doc>
<doc id="19401361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401361" title="1340 AM">
1340 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1340 kHz:
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401363" title="1983 New York Giants season">
1983 New York Giants season

The 1983 New York Giants season was the 59th season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants finished in last place in the National Football Conference East Division with a 3–12–1 record, the team's worst record since 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19401364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401364" title="List of Doctor Dolittle characters">
List of Doctor Dolittle characters

This is a list of characters from the Doctor Dolittle series of children's books by Hugh Lofting.
Humans.
Doctor Dolittle.
Doctor John Dolittle, M.D. is a doctor who became a doctor for animals when his parrot, Polynesia taught him to speak the language of animals. He lived in the fictional town of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh (commonly referred to as Puddleby) with his many animals. He has very few human friends and spends most of his time treating animals, travelling the world with his animals and conducting research into new animals and new forms of animal languages.
He is portrayed by Sir Rex Harrison in the 1967 film "Doctor Dolittle", and later by Eddie Murphy in the first two entries of the remake series of the film which were released in 1998 and 2001 respectively. The Murphy films however bear little resemblance to Lofting's character or plots.
Tommy Stubbins.
Tommy Stubbins is a boy from Puddleby who, after taking an injured squirrel to Doctor Dolittle, becomes the doctor's friend and assistant. His father is the doctor's favorite shoemaker. He first appears in The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle and acts as the narrator in all the books that take place after his arrival. He was played by William Dix in the 1967 film.
Matthew Mugg.
Matthew Mugg is the Cat's-meat-man from Puddleby. He is a friend of Doctor Dolittle and helps to take care of the doctor's house and garden when the doctor is away travelling. He is illiterate but practical, and advised the doctor to become a veterinarian and learn animal languages. He was played by Anthony Newley in the 1967 film.
Prince Bumpo.
Prince Bumpo is an African prince from the kingdom of Jolliginki, who has been sent to study at Oxford University by his father, and become a friend of the Doctor's. Bumpo is recognisable by his green umbrella and bare feet - not used to wearing shoes, he usually discards them. Bumpo has been the subject of heavy Bowdlerisation in recent years. He was originally supposed to appear in the 1967 film intact, but casting problems eventually led to his character being considerably softened and renamed as William Shakespeare the Tenth.
General Bellowes.
A retired military commander in Puddleby. Extremely fond of food and drink to which his ample girth and red nose can readily attest. Loathes any sort of new, off the wall or odd ideas (for Victorian England), which includes the basic idea of veterinary science, nevermind that the veterinarian can Talk to the Animals.
Owns several dogs, horses and other animals all of whom betray their owner when Dolittle queries them at his trial about their owner's excesses of food, drink and female companionship.
He was played by Peter Bull in the 1967 film.
William Shakespeare the Tenth.
The tribal leader of Sea Star Island, a floating tropical paradise. He and his tribe are well educated in literature and history, and each citizen is able to speak several languages. Parents name their children after their favorite authors, hence his name. He is nicknamed "Willy" and was played by Geoffrey Holder in the 1967 film.
Animals.
Polynesia.
Polynesia is Doctor Dolittle's parrot, an African Grey. She is able to speak English and first taught Doctor Dolittle the language of animals. She always says she can never remember how old she is, but she remembers that when she came to England, she saw Charles II hiding in an oak tree from the Roundheads: "he looked very frightened". Along with Chee-Chee and the crocodile, she decided to stay in Africa at the end of the original story, but returned in later stories.
Gub-Gub.
Gub-Gub is Doctor Dolittle's pig. He is a great lover of food. "Gub-Gub's Book, An Encyclopaedia of Food" is written as if it were written by Gub-Gub.
Jip.
Jip is Doctor Dolittle's dog. He has a very strong sense of smell. In The Story of Doctor Dolittle, he was able to rescue a man stranded on an island by following the man's scent across the ocean.
Chee-Chee.
Chee-Chee is a monkey. In "The Story of Doctor Dolittle", Chee-Chee was once the property of an organ-grinder but soon lived with the doctor. His name apparently means 'ginger' in monkey language. He appears as a chimpanzee in the 1967 film.
Dab-Dab.
Dab-Dab is Doctor Dolittle's duck. After the doctor's sister, Sarah Dolittle, leaves the house in Puddleby due to her dislike of alligators, Dab-Dab becomes the doctor's housekeeper.
Too-Too.
Too-Too is the doctor's owl.
He acts as the Doctor's accountant, and can tell the Doctor immediately how much money he has in the money box.
The Pushmi-pullyu.
The pushmi-pullyu (pronounced "push-me—pull-you") is a "gazelle-unicorn cross" which has two heads (one of each) at opposite ends of its body. When it tries to move, both heads try to go in opposite directions. Dr. Dolittle meets it on his voyage to Africa to save monkeys (See: "The Story of Doctor Dolittle"). The pushmi-pullyu usually only uses one of its heads to talk, reserving the other for eating (thus allowing the pushmi-pullyu to eat while speaking without being rude) and claims to be related to almost all kinds of deer - its great-grandfather was supposedly the last unicorn. In the 1967 film, the pushmi-pullyu was instead portrayed as a double-headed llama. The doctor can immediately speak to the pushmi-pullyu, knowing that llamas speak a dialect of camel language. The Eddie Murphy film has a brief scene where it is walking in the background while Dr. Dolittle talks to the tiger in the cage. This is in keeping with the fact that Murphy's movie version was only loosely based on the books.
Toggle.
A visually-impaired horse who requires spectacles, owned by General Bellowes.
Great Glass Sea Snail.
An enormous undersea mollusk with an airtight shell, he ferries Matthew, Tommy and Emma back to England along with a host of small animals when Dolittle resigns himself to living abroad for the rest of his life due to the price on his head issued by General Bellowes.
Sophie the Seal.
Sophie the Seal is treated by Dolittle during his time with the circus in the film and makes it apparent to the doctor that she doesn't like life at the circus and wants to return to the sea to find her husband. Dolittle disguises her as a woman and takes her to the sea, but a villager in Brighton witnesses Dolittle throwing her off a cliff and gets him arrested for murder. Tried and found guilty of insanity by General Bellowes, who commits him to an insane asylum, the animals catch wind of it and help Doolittle high-tail it out of town before he can be incarcerated embarking upon a series of worldwide adventures on the open sea.
When Sophie catches up to him again, he is ensconced upon Sea Star Island, a mythical floating tropical paradise which had broken off from Africa centuries ago and which has just been rejoined. As the Great Pink Sea Snail leaves with his human and animal cargo, Sophie along with her husband and pups informs him that every animal in Puddleby has gone on strike in protest over the treatment handed down to Dolittle by General Bellowes. Overjoyed, he enlists the services of the Great Lunar Moth to help him return to Britain.
Giant Lunar Moth.
Possessing the ability to be attracted by either earthshine or moonlight depending on direction, the moth travels regularly back and forth between the earth and the moon.
Fashioning a saddle, Dolittle convinces the moth to make a slight detour back to Puddleby whereupon after the woman to whom the bonnet and shawl in which Sophie had been dressed before being thrown into the sea appears very much alive and well, his sentence is commuted by Bellowes and everyone rejoices at the Doctor's return.

</doc>
<doc id="19401375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401375" title="All Saints' Church, Huthwaite">
All Saints' Church, Huthwaite

All Saints' Church, Huthwaite is a parish church in the Church of England in Huthwaite, Nottinghamshire.
History.
The church dates from 1903 and the stone was taken from a seam in the local colliery and delivered to the site by the colliers.

</doc>
<doc id="19401385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401385" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T53">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T53

The Men's 200m T53 had its competition held on September 13 with the first round at 12:31 and the Final at 20:35.

</doc>
<doc id="19401386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401386" title="1350 AM">
1350 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1350 kHz:
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401394" title="Jamel Aït Ben Idir">
Jamel Aït Ben Idir

Jamel Aït Ben Idir (born January 10, 1984 in Mont-Saint-Aignan) is a French-Moroccan footballer who currently plays for AJ Auxerre.
Career.
Aït Ben Idir had been playing for Le Havre since 2000 when he joined the club as a youth player. He made his professional debut for the club in a Ligue 2 match on March 26, 2002 against AC Ajaccio. He played the full 90 minutes, but Le Havre still suffered a 0-1 loss. Despite achieving promotion that season, Ait-Ben-Idir did not feature in Ligue 1 play that season only appearing in one match. He would proceed to become a regular in the squad the next 5 seasons contributing to Le Havre's return to Ligue 1 for the 2008-09 season. He then moved onto AC Arles-Avignon, Sedan, and now plays for Ligue 2 club AJ Auxerre. 
Aït Ben Idir has scored six goals in his career. He plays a midfielder, but usually in a defensive role. He sometimes plays in a full-back position.

</doc>
<doc id="19401399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401399" title="1360 AM">
1360 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1360 kHz:
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401407" title="Dean Spanley">
Dean Spanley

Dean Spanley is a 2008 New Zealand and British comedy-drama film, with fantastic elements, from Miramax Films, Atlantic Film Group (UK) and General Film Corporation (NZ), directed by Fijian New Zealander Toa Fraser. The film is based on an Alan Sharp adaptation of Irish author Lord Dunsany's short novel "My Talks with Dean Spanley", and stars Sam Neill as the Dean, Jeremy Northam and Peter O'Toole as Fisk Junior and Fisk Senior respectively and Bryan Brown as Wrather.
Plot.
The screenplay is an adaptation of fantasy author Lord Dunsany's "My Talks with Dean Spanley", a 14-chapter novella published in 1936. It is set in Edwardian England.
The narrative is called "a surreal period comedic tale of canine reincarnation exploring the relationships between father and son and master and dog". Peter O'Toole said that the film's use of comedy to explore the relationship between a father and son was part of the attraction for him: "All of us have had these difficult familial relationships and I think it's a film for all of us who understand the relationship between a father and son. It's been interesting watching how various members of the crew have been looking at the monitors during scenes, because they come up to me and say, 'I had the same thing with my father.'"
Storyline.
In the very early 1900s, Henslowe Fisk lives beholden to his father, the difficult Horatio Fisk. The Fisk family has suffered first the loss of its younger son, Harrington Fisk (Xavier Horan), killed in the Second Anglo-Boer War, shortly followed by the death of Horatio's wife. Fisk Senior is looked after by his housekeeper Mrs Brimley (Judy Parfitt) who has lost her husband. Fisk Junior reluctantly visits his father every Thursday.
One day, trying to entertain his father, Fisk Junior brings him to a lecture by a visiting swami (Art Malik) about the transmigration of souls. The lecture is also attended by the new local clergyman, Dean Spanley (Sam Neill).
Later the same day Fisk Junior encounters the Dean at his father's club. A chance third meeting leads to an introduction. Fisk Junior, initially intrigued by the Dean's oddly open-minded views on reincarnation, is prompted to look beyond the Dean's appearance (that of an affable, rather bland clergyman) by his weakness for certain peculiar sensations produced by Hungarian Imperial Tokay wine, which leads him into a dreamlike state. Working with his clever friend Wrather (Bryan Brown), an Australian "conveyancer", Fisk secures a batch of Tokay and the two entertain the Dean, who acts ever more strangely, starting to reveal memories of his previous life — as a Welsh Spaniel. These memories are acute and convincing, including rich feelings around food and communication with other canines, a deep distaste for cats and pigs, and the joy of serving his master. As the story unfolds, Fisk Junior comes to understand his father's background better and the two draw closer.
Production.
Optioning.
The novella was optioned from the Dunsany Will Trust through Curtis Brown of London by Alan Sharp. Support for the production came from both English (Screen East) and New Zealand (NZ Film Commission) government agencies, with financing completed by Aramid Entertainment, General Film Corporation and Lipsync Productions. Both producers, the director, some of the lead cast (Neill was born in Northern Ireland but is associated with New Zealand), the cinematographer, the editor, the composer and a number of other members of the production crew and cast are from New Zealand.
Writing.
The adapted screenplay was written by Alan Sharp, with clearance from the Dunsany Literary Estate. Trevor Johnston has written, "If you read the original story before seeing the film ..., then see the film, what’s striking is that Sharp has not so much effected an adaptation as a reinvention."
Casting.
Led by Daniel Hubbard, the studio cast leading talent Sam Neill, Jeremy Northam, Bryan Brown and Peter O'Toole, along with a range of experienced actors.
Locations.
Principal filming began at Wisbech in Cambridgeshire (including Wisbech Castle and Peckover House) on 10 November 2007, continuing for some weeks and taking in the heritage area of the Crescent, the Castle and the museum. It continued at Holkham Hall in Norfolk, while another setting was Elveden Hall in Suffolk, once home to and remodelled for the last Maharajah of Punjab in the years just before the film's setting. Elm Hill in Norwich with its mixture of medieval, Tudor, Victorian and Edwardian buildings, as used in the Dunsanyesque box-office success Stardust, as well as Norwich Cathedral cloisters. Further filming took place in New Zealand.
Technology.
Filmed in 35mm colour, in 1:1.85 ratio, with high-definition, Arri 416 and D-20 cameras were used, with digital intermediate post-production by Lipsync Productions.
Music.
An original soundtrack was composed by New Zealand composer Don McGlashan. A soundtrack CD was released in New Zealand on Warner Music (NZ) 5186531802 consisting of 14 tracks and a running time of 41:05. 
Background choir music was provided by the 30-voice New Zealand choir "Musica Sacra".
Release and reception.
Ahead of general release, "Dean Spanley" was shown twice at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival, where it received a red-carpet gala premiere, the first New Zealand production ever to do so.
It also had two showings at the London Film Festival, one attended by the cast and closing with a standing ovation. Dean Spanley was also shown at the largest film festival in Asia, the Pusan International.
The United Kingdom general release was announced by Icon Distribution for 12 December, and a "U" classification issued by the British Board of Film Classification.
In the Ireland it was certified "G" and goes on release on the same date. The film has been certified in Australia as "G" also, for release on 5 March 2009, and in New Zealand is released 26 February 2009; distribution in both Australia and New Zealand is by Paramount.
In early November, the film was offered to USA distributors at the annual "American Film Market" (5–12 November), with two showings announced, and in early February 2009, Miramax bought the USA rights. However, rather than opening in theatres in the U.S., it has gone straight to cable.
A region-2 DVD was released in 2009. A region-1 DVD was released in 2010.
The novella, out of print for some years, was re-issued from HarperCollins in 2008, with screenplay, set photos, publicity stills, cast interviews, and interviews and comments from the director, producers and crew members.
Critical response.
Receiving a standing ovation at the gala premiere, initial commentary was positive (per reviews at IMDb.com and elsewhere), with particular praise for O'Toole's performance and the final "act".
Reviews were generally positive, Rotten Tomatoes website gives the film a rating of 85% "fresh" based on 26 reviews. The critical consensus describes the film as "Offbeat, whimsical, period-set shaggy dog story with daffy performances from Sam Neill and Peter O’Toole."
"Dean Spanley" was longlisted for the 2009 British Academy of Film and Television Arts awards for Adapted Screenplay (Alan Sharp) and Supporting Actor (Peter O'Toole).

</doc>
<doc id="19401416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401416" title="Levon Chookaszian">
Levon Chookaszian

Levon Chookaszian (, born April 9, 1952) is an Armenian art historian and the UNESCO Chair of Armenian Art History (UNESCO CAAH). He is also currently the Head of Chair of History and Theory of Armenian Art at Yerevan State University. Professor Chookaszian has delivered numerous lectures, particularly on medieval Armenian art, at universities in the former Soviet Union, Europe, and the United States and taught courses on Armenian art at UCLA. 
He has authored dozens of articles and essays, many on the life of Armenian miniaturist Toros Roslin, which have been published in scholarly journals, including "Patma-Banasirakan Handes", "Banber Yerevani Hamalsarani", "Handes Amsorya", "Wiener Jahrbuch fur Kunstgeschichte" and "Revue des Études Arméniennes".

</doc>
<doc id="19401418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401418" title="Jimmy Gets High">
Jimmy Gets High

"Jimmy Gets High" is the title of a song written and recorded by Canadian artist Daniel Powter. It was released in August 2005 as the third single from his self-titled second album. It followed the single "Free Loop", from the same album. The album sold 500,000 copies, but "Jimmy Gets High" did not fare as well, not charting in the US but charting in Canada. On some sleeve designs of the song, including the UK Promo release, was renamed 'Jimmy'.
Music Video.
Powter is shown at a party where people are romanticly experimenting with each other, enjoying themselves or completely passed out. The video also contains random shots of guests while Powter appears, from the start, sitting, later he is standing in random areas of the party and also walking around while alone and singing directly to the camera. Although, as the video begins approaching the end, Powter is shown performing on a white grand piano with a drummer backing him up as he entertains the others.

</doc>
<doc id="19401420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401420" title="Water Street Music Hall">
Water Street Music Hall

Water Street Music Hall is a concert hall in Rochester, New York, located in the St. Paul Quarter entertainment district of Rochester, NY - located directly off Interstate 490.
It is a large capacity, 7000 square foot entertainment complex featuring two rooms that can be used together or separately. The venue also hosts The Club at Water Street, a smaller room with a multi-tiered balcony that wraps around the room. The smaller room, The Club at Water Street is approximately 2200 sq. feet of open space with a multi-tiered balcony that wraps around the room. It is a unique room offering an intimate setting of standing room or table seating. The 30 foot, spacious bar came from an old church and offers a view of the stage, while the back of the room has a concession stand. The Club at Water Street is equipped with projectors and screens for support use from the main room for a live broadcast of that show, slides and/or video or sporting events. Capacity of The Club is 400 standing including the balcony space. The room offers a full PA and Stage as has gained a reputation as a great live room.
History.
It opened in 1977 as the Country Warehouse, and has since been The Warehouse, The Horizontal Boogie Bar and the Boogie Bar. It became the Water Street Music Hall in 1999. It has one of the longest bars in the city, stretching 80 feet. 

</doc>
<doc id="19401423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401423" title="That Mysterious Rag">
That Mysterious Rag

"That Mysterious Rag" is a song by Irving Berlin and Ted Snyder written in 1911. It was one of the earliest Berlin songs to become a commercial success.
Composition.
According to Howard Pollack in a biography of George Gershwin, "That Mysterious Rag" was one of a trio of songs written by Berlin in 1911 that revolutionized American popular music, the others being "Alexander's Ragtime Band" and "Everybody's Doin' It". Until the publication of this song ragtime had been so distinctively an African-American musical genre that the occasional rag whose lyrics and cover art indicated some other ethnicity would focus instead on some other marginalized group (usually Jewish or Italian) and apply the dichotomy toward comic effect. With "That Mysterious Rag", notes Irving Berlin biographer Charles Hamm, ragtime music first sees cover art of a fashionably dressed white couple and lyrics that lack distinctive ethnic markers in dialect or syntax.
The American Quartet recorded the piece in a generic accent. The musical structure also avoids characteristic ethnic overtones. As Hamm explains:
There is no trace of syncopation beyond a single 3+3+2 pattern in the chorus, no minor tonality, no reference to one ethnic group or another. The most arresting moment, the cross-relation at the beginning of the verse, has no specific ethnic (or any other) connotation.
"That Mysterious Rag" is the first instance of a change that Berlin employs consistently from 1912 onward: a generic style lacking in specific ethnic connotations whose audience is no longer solely the working class, but whose reach includes patrons of the legitimate theater. Berlin continued to use "rag" and "ragtime" in song titles during the period when the terms were nearly synonymous with popular music. Although Berlin's compositions differed significantly from classic piano rags by Scott Joplin and other African-American composers, Hamm contends that Berlin's work targeted a different audience and the commercial success of Berlin songs such as "That Mysterious Rag" neither helped nor hindered the sales of piano rags. Or as Richard Crawford explains, ""That Mysterious Rag" recognizes the style's haunting, distracting traits and removes it from a racial setting." Crawford finds other faults with the lyrical structure: "It would be hard to find another Berlin song with one-syllable words so awkwardly stretched or natural declamation so bent out of shape."
Performance and reception.
Berlin performed the piece during September 1911 wearing a coat and tails, receiving star billing at the Hammerstein Victoria Theatre owned by Willie Hammerstein at Times Square. Berlin refused calls for encores and received a favorable review from "Variety". Erik Satie used "That Mysterious Rag" in 1917 for his ballet "Parade". The song remained popular for more than a decade and T.S. Eliot incorporated a parody of its lyrics into his 1922 modernist poem "The Waste Land".

</doc>
<doc id="19401430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401430" title="2002 UAB Blazers football team">
2002 UAB Blazers football team

The 2002 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the college football season of 2002, and was the twelfth team fielded by the school. The Blazers' head coach was Watson Brown, who entered his eighth season as UAB's head coach. They played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama, and competed as a member of Conference USA. The Blazers finished their seventh season at the I-A level, and fourth affiliated with a conference with a record of 5–7 (4–4 C-USA). 

</doc>
<doc id="19401432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401432" title="1370 AM">
1370 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1370 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19401435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401435" title="1993 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships">
1993 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships

The 1993 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Charlotte, North Carolina in the United States. The tournament was held from April 12 to April 19.

</doc>
<doc id="19401438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401438" title="L200">
L200

L200 or L-200 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19401444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401444" title="Siempre Arriba">
Siempre Arriba

Siempre Arriba (Eng.: "Always On Top") is the title of a studio album released by norteño music group Bronco: El Gigante de America. This album became their first number-one hit on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart and received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
Tracklisting.
This information from Billboard.com
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19401447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401447" title="Parauchenoglanis">
Parauchenoglanis

Parauchenoglanis is a genus of claroteid catfishes native to Africa.
The range of the genus "Parauchenoglanis" stretches from the coastal lowlands of Benin and Nigeria to the Okavango and upper Zambezi River systems in Botswana and Zambia.
Species.
"Parauchenoglanis" currently contains the following nine recognized species:

</doc>
<doc id="19401448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401448" title="Kontraritam">
Kontraritam

Kontraritam (Serbian Cyrillic: Контраритам; trans. "Counterrhythm") was a former Yugoslav 2 Tone/ska band from Novi Sad.
History.
The band was formed in Autumn 1980 by former Gomila G members Žolt Horvat (guitar), Robert "Robi" Radić (drums), Jan Pavlov (keyboards, vocals), Dimitrije "Mita" Radulović (bass guitar, vocals). The band also featured guitarist Sreten "Srele" Kovačević who left his former band Pekinška Patka after the release of their debut album "Plitka poezija". Beside the guitar, Kovačević played saxophone, which he took up playing a few months before joining the band. After a few club appearances and with the help of Vitomir "Vita" Simurdić, the band managed to appear on the Subotica Youth Festival. Even though the band did not win the festival, it got positive reactions from the audience and critics.
In December 1980, the band appeared at the Grok Festival, held at the Novi Sad fair. They also played as an opening act for Haustor, Prljavo Kazalište and Idoli. With the help of the producer Aleksandar "Aca" Pražić, the band recorded a few songs, which provided the media presentation of the band. The following year, after the performance at the Hipodrom Festival, Radulović, who went to serve the Yugoslav People's Army, was replaced by Boris "Bora" Oslovčan, Kovačević's former Pekinška Patka bandmate. Soon after, the band signed a contract with the Beograd Disk record label, but the material recorded for the debut album was released by Jugoton in June 1982. "Kontraritam" was recorded in the "Meta Sound" studio and featured the recordings of both Radulović and Oslovčan on bass. The recording of the track "Zdravo, kako si" ("Hello, How Are You") which the band recorded did not appear on the album and has remained unreleased until today.
In the meantime, the band changed several lineups, but frequently performed live. Their appearance with Obojeni Program and Grad at Dadov in Belgrade during September 1981 was one of their best performances with the band having three encore calls. During the early 1982 the band performed mainly in Novi Sad, but at the time the lineup changed, as Horvat and Oslovčan went to serve the army, and the new band member had become Luna drummer Ivan Fece "Firchie" as the new guitarist. Soon after, the band ceased to exist. The band was reformed by Kovačević, Pavlov, Radulović and the new drummer Predrag "Buca" Janičić and together they performed in local clubs until the Spring of 1983, when Kovačević went to serve the army and the band split up.
Post-breakup and legacy.
Horvat moved to Germany, Pavlov moved to Canada and Oslovčan moved to Russia, working as a chef in a restaurant in Moscow. Radić played with La Strada and Love Hunters and is currently the Veliki Prezir drummer. Radulović works in Elektrovojvodina and Kovačević formed his own company Audiokonstruktor. In 2008, Kovačević and Oslovčan performed a reunion show with their former band Pekinška Patka at Exit festival.
The song "Sretne noge" ("Happy Legs") appeared on the third place of Studio B "Diskomer" top ten list and the song "Žožo, vrati se" ("Žoža, come back") appeared on the "Vrući dani i vrele noći" various artists compilation. In 1994, the song "Sretne noge" appeared on the various artists compilation "Niko kao ja - jugoslovenski novi talas". This is the only Kontraritam song released in compact disc format as the self-titled album was never rereleased on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="19401451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401451" title="1380 AM">
1380 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1380 kHz:
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401462" title="Pete Vipond">
Pete Vipond

Peter John Vipond (born December 8, 1949) is a retired professional ice hockey winger who played in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals.

</doc>
<doc id="19401465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401465" title="1390 AM">
1390 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1390 kHz:
In Argentina
In Guatemala (Channel 86)
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401477" title="1984 New York Giants season">
1984 New York Giants season

The 1984 New York Giants season was the 60th season for the club in the National Football League. With a 9–7 record, the Giants finished in a tie for second in the National Football Conference East Division and qualified for the playoffs. In the Wild Card round, New York traveled to Anaheim Stadium and defeated the Los Angeles Rams 16–13 to advance to the Divisional round. Instead of traveling across the country back to New York, the Giants spent the week in Fresno, California. They used the facilities at Fresno State to prepare for the San Francisco 49ers. However, the Giants lost to the 49ers 21–10.

</doc>
<doc id="19401481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401481" title="Brachypelma emilia">
Brachypelma emilia

The Mexican redleg or red-legged tarantula ("Brachypelma emilia") is a species of terrestrial tarantula closely related to the famous mexican redknee tarantula. Like the redknee it is a docile tarantula and popular in the pet trade. It is slow growing and, like many tarantulas, females can live for decades.
Description.
The mature Mexican redleg also known as the red-legged tarantula has a dark-colored body with the second joint of its legs being pink, red or orange. Its carapace is light colored with a distinctive black triangle at the front. Following moulting, the colors are more pronounced.
An adult female has a body roughly 4 inches (10 cm) long, with a legspan of 6 inches (15 cm), and a weight of approximately 15 to 16 grams.
In captivity.
The Mexican redleg is a mostly docile species, perhaps more so even than the redknee. That, coupled with its coloration, and impressive size, makes it a very popular pet species. Its care is similar to that of other terrestrial tarantulas, such as the redknee. 
It is very reluctant to bite when distressed, but possesses urticating hair and will flick these if it feels threatened.

</doc>
<doc id="19401484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401484" title="Fred Koenig">
Fred Koenig

Fred Carl Koenig (April 27, 1931 – January 12, 1993) was an American first baseman and manager in minor league baseball and a coach and farm system director at the Major League level. A native of St. Louis, Missouri, Koenig threw and batted right-handed and stood 6'3" (190 cm) and weighed 210 pounds (95 kg) in his playing days. He graduated from St. Louis' Central High School and attended the University of Illinois.
Koenig's baseball career began in 1951 with his hometown St. Louis Cardinals as a member of the Hamilton Cardinals of the Class D PONY League. His career as a first baseman continued through 1961, but Koenig spent most of his career at the Double-A level, reaching Triple-A in 1959 for only 16 games and 49 at bats with the Omaha Cardinals of the American Association. In his best minor league campaign, with the 1954 Allentown Cardinals of the Class A Eastern League, Koenig batted .287 with 11 home runs and 83 runs batted in in 484 at-bats. He also led the league's first basemen in putouts and double plays and was selected to the Eastern League all-star team.
He became a manager in the Cardinal farm system in 1962, with the Winnipeg Goldeyes of the Class C Northern League. Switching to the California Angels organization in 1965, he managed at the Rookie and Class A levels and won the 1968 Midwest League championship at the helm of the Quad Cities Angels. Koenig then came to the Major Leagues as a coach for Angel skipper Lefty Phillips for 1970–1971.
After Phillips' firing in Anaheim at the close of , Koenig returned to the Cardinals for two seasons as a minor league manager, sandwiched around two seasons (1973–1974) as the Redbirds' director of player development. He then was a Major League coach for the Cardinals (), Texas Rangers (1977–1982), Chicago Cubs (), and Cleveland Indians (). Koenig later worked in the Atlanta Braves' farm system as a roving coach and manager at the Rookie level. He died in Wagoner, Oklahoma, at age 61.

</doc>
<doc id="19401489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401489" title="1400 AM">
1400 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1400 kHz:
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401493" title="Ladymead Community School">
Ladymead Community School

Ladymead Community School was located on Cheddon Road, Taunton, Somerset, England. It was a secondary school and Technology college for 753 students aged 11–16.
The school closed in July 2010 and students transferred to The Taunton Academy.
Academic results.
In 2008 42% of students achieved five or more GCSEs at A* - C grades including English and Maths.
The school was awarded the Specialist Schools and Academy trust's "most improved school" award in both 2007 and 2008, based on exam results improvements.

</doc>
<doc id="19401496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401496" title="Boris Kreiman">
Boris Kreiman

Boris Kreiman (born June 7, 1976) is an American Grandmaster of chess. Kreiman a 3rd place winner in a U.S. Chess Championship in Seattle is also a winner of the "Frank P. Samford, Jr. Chess Fellowship".
Kreiman has retired from chess to help communities through chess programs and education.
Early life and training.
Kreiman was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR, USSR on June 7, 1976. He later moved to the United States at the age of 13 and settled on Brighton Beach in Brooklyn, New York.
Kreiman began his chess training in Russia, at the age of 5 at the Russian School of Chess in Moscow. It was at Brighton Beach that Kreiman trained with Grandmaster Gata Kamsky, a Soviet-born American chess Grandmaster who was once the third highest rated chess player in the world. Later on, Kreiman also trained with Alex Yermolinsky, another Soviet-born American Chess Grandmaster.
Chess career.
Boris Kreiman has won more than 20 international chess tournaments, played in three World Junior Championships, and in three U.S. Championships throughout his chess career. He has been an experienced chess coach for more than a decade.
In both 1993 and 1996 he won the U.S. Junior Championships. In 2002, he won 3rd place in the U.S. Championship in Seattle and has also received the renowned and prestigious "Samford Scholarship". The Samford is given to only the best chess players in the United States and is offered by Chess-in-the-Schools based in New York City.
Kreiman founded the Kreiman Chess Academy in Los Angeles, which is dedicated to incorporating chess into educational systems and to establishing competitive chess programs along the west coast of the U.S.
Instructors at the academy are trained by Kreiman himself. The Kreiman Chess Academy has turned out two National Chess Champions; Joel Banawa and Joaquin “Jake” Banawa in 2005. Both students received $50,000 scholarships to The University of Texas at Dallas.

</doc>
<doc id="19401501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401501" title="1410 AM">
1410 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1410 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission classifies 1410 AM as a regional frequency in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19401512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401512" title="1420 AM">
1420 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1420 kHz:
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401524" title="Chee-Chee">
Chee-Chee

Chee-Chee or Chee Chee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19401526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401526" title="Autonomous University of Baja California Sur">
Autonomous University of Baja California Sur

The Autonomous University of Baja California Sur (in Spanish: Universidad Autónoma de Baja California Sur, UABCS) is a Mexican public university based in the state of Baja California Sur.
Its library holds over 42,000 volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="19401537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401537" title="1430 AM">
1430 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1430 kHz: 1430 AM is a Regional broadcast frequency, as classified by the FCC and the CRTC.
In Argentina
In Canada
In Guatemala (Channel 90)
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401547" title="1440 AM">
1440 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1440 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19401551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401551" title="1998–99 Liga Artzit">
1998–99 Liga Artzit

The 1998–99 Liga Artzit season was the last in which the league was the Israel's second tier, as at the end of the season the Israeli Premier League came into existence, replacing Liga Leumit as the country's top division. As a result, for the 1999–2000 season Liga Leumit became the second division and Liga Artzit became the third division.
Due to the restructuring, only one club, Maccabi Netanya, was promoted to the top division (which was reduced from 16 to 14 clubs). At the other end of the table, eight clubs were due to be relegated as the second division was reduced to 10 clubs. However, Bnei Sakhnin, who had finished eighth from bottom, were reprieved from relegation as Maccabi Jaffa, who had finished bottom of the top division, were relegated three levels to Liga Alef due to their budget not being approved by the Israel Football Association.
Although the bottom eight were due to be relegated to the third tier for the 1999–2000 season, three of them (Hapoel Ashdod, Hapoel Lod and SK Nes Tziona) were relegated two levels as like Maccabi Jaffa, their budgets for the 1999–2000 season were not approved by the IFA.
Final table.
1. 2 points deducted for violating budget rules.
2. 4 points deducted for violating budget rules.

</doc>
<doc id="19401556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401556" title="Christo Steyn">
Christo Steyn

Christo Steyn (born on 1 May 1961 in Springs, South Africa), is a former South African tennis player. Steyn won 2 doubles titles during his professional career. The right-hander reached his highest singles ATP ranking on 18 August 1986, when he became the number 42 in the world, though he never won a singles title in his entire career.

</doc>
<doc id="19401561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401561" title="1450 AM">
1450 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1450 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19401562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401562" title="Crack (album)">
Crack (album)

Crack is the twelfth solo album by Z-Ro. Guests include Slim Thug, Mike D, Paul Wall, Lil' Keke, and Mýa. The album chronicles the life story side of Z-Ro, like most of his albums. He stated that the streets would be hooked to the name of it. The Chopped and Screwed version of the album was released on October 28. It is done by Michael "5000" Watts.
Samples.
Top Notch
Rollin'
25 Lighters

</doc>
<doc id="19401584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401584" title="1992 New York Giants season">
1992 New York Giants season

The 1992 New York Giants season was the 68th season for the club in the National Football League. The Giants finished in fourth place in the National Football Conference East Division with a 6–10 record. Head coach Ray Handley was fired after this season, when the Giants finished 1–6 after starting the season 5–4.
Injuries helped to mar the Giants' season. Starting quarterback Phil Simms, who had regained the position after spending most of 1991 at second string behind Jeff Hostetler, suffered a severe elbow injury in week 4 and did not return. Hostetler returned to the starting lineup after Simms' injury before he too would be lost due to a concussion suffered against the Philadelphia Eagles. The Giants were then forced to turn to a pair of rookies, Kent Graham and Dave Brown, but Graham suffered from elbow and shoulder problems, and Brown suffered a broken right thumb. Hostetler returned for the final two games of the season, a win over the Kansas City Chiefs and a loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. 
Perhaps the most catastrophic injury was the torn Achilles' tendon suffered by future Hall of Fame linebacker Lawrence Taylor in Week 10, as the Giants only won once more after the injury. It was the second consecutive year that an injury to Taylor ended his season prematurely (a sprained knee in Week 13 of the 1991 season forced Taylor to miss the final game of the regular season and a previous game against the Cincinnati Bengals).

</doc>
<doc id="19401586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401586" title="Irish Baptist College">
Irish Baptist College

The Irish Baptist College (IBC) is a college, a department of the Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland (ABC) and a Queen's University Belfast centre. It is part of the Baptist Theological Centre which is located in the Baptist Centre and is shared with ABC. IBC is accredited and reached Premier College Status by the Accreditation Service for International Colleges (ASIC).
History.
IBC began on 4 October 1892 in Dublin, now Republic of Ireland. In 1964 the college moved to a new campus in Belfast in Northern Ireland. On 10 May 2003 the college moved into the purpose built Baptist Theological Centre in the Baptist Centre located outside Lisburn in Moira in County Antrim.
Ethos.
While existing primarily to serve the needs of the Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland churches and missions department, IBC welcomes candidates from all kinds of Christian backgrounds, and the suitability of its courses for the equipping of men and women for the whole spectrum of Christian service is recognised widely. Students from other denominations include those from Congregational Union of Ireland, Elim Pentecostal Church and Evangelical Presbyterian Church churches.
IBC is committed to the absolute authority of Scripture and to the outworking of all matters of faith and practice within a purely evangelical framework.
Campus.
IBC is part of the Baptist Theological Centre which is located in the Baptist Centre and is shared with ABC. The campus is in a rural area near to the M1 motorway and within the boundaries of the City of Lisburn. IBC is a campus university.
Organisation.
The Principal of the college is Hamilton Moore and the Assistant Principal is Edwin Ewart.
In May 2009 Edwin Ewart was appointed Principal Designate of the Irish Baptist College, and took up the position of Principal of the Irish Baptist College after Hamilton Moore retired in 2010.
Courses.
IBC offers degrees accredited by the University of Chester, University of Wales, Lampeter, Queen's University Belfast (QUB) and IBC awards.
Sport.
Football and table tennis are both played at IBC.

</doc>
<doc id="19401588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401588" title="1470 AM">
1470 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1470 kHz:
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401598" title="1480 AM">
1480 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1480 kHz:
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401601" title="Piotr Woźniak (politician)">
Piotr Woźniak (politician)

Piotr Grzegorz Woźniak (born 13 February 1956 in Warsaw) is a Polish politician and member of the Law and Justice party. He was elected to Sejm on 25 September 2005. He was the Minister for Economy from 2005 to 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19401607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401607" title="Gethsemane Evangelical Lutheran Church">
Gethsemane Evangelical Lutheran Church

Gethsemane Evangelical Lutheran Church is a church located at 4461 Twenty-Eighth Street in Detroit, Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1980 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building now houses the Motor City Missionary Baptist Church.
History.
In the late 1800s, German-speaking immigrants began moving into southwest Detroit. The Zion Evangelical Lutheran Church on Military Street was established in 1882 to service this influx of people. The new congregation quickly swelled, and in 1890, the elders of Zion started a daughter congregation, commissioning the architectural firm of Spier & Rohns to design a wooden structure costing no more than $2000 to build. This building is the only known example of a wooden church designed by the firm.
The church was completed in 1891; a wooden parsonage was added the next year and a brick school was built in 1923. The latter two building are included in the city historical listing, while on the church is on the National and state listing.
The Gethsemane Evangelical Church was built in 1891; the congregation used the building until 1976, when they went defunct. The building was purchased by the Motor City Missionary Baptist Church in 1978. The Motor City Baptist Church congregation was organized in 1967 by Rev. John W. Haynes and his wife Inez.
Description.
Gethsemane Lutheran Church is a wooden, High Victorian Gothic chapel. It is frame construction with gables at the ends, a central tower, and vestibule in front. The original clapboard siding still clads the building, although white paint has replaced the original cream-and-gold with red-and-blue accent color scheme. Each side has five tall lancet-arched, stained-glass windows, and the eaves are trimmed with hollow curved brackets and a paneled frieze. 
The interior is unusually well-preserved. The interior walls feature vertical board wainscoting, with the area above covered in cream painted canvas. The church organ is located on a rear balcony.

</doc>
<doc id="19401615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401615" title="Berita Harian (Singapore)">
Berita Harian (Singapore)

Berita Harian (Malay for Daily News) is the sole Malay language broadsheet newspaper published in Singapore. It is published daily from Monday to Saturday and on Sunday as Berita Minggu (Malay: Sunday News). It was founded on 1 July 1957. The newspaper was revamped on May 2013.
It had an average daily circulation of 52,500 in 2012.
In December 2013, Berita Harian has relaunched their website, replacing the previous cyberita.asia1.com.sg.
This newspaper is not related to another newspaper of the same name, Berita Harian, which is based and published in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="19401624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401624" title="WBWB">
WBWB

WBWB (96.7 FM, "B97") is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40 (CHR) format. The station serves the Bloomington, Indiana area. The station is currently owned by Artistic Media Partners. During the 1980s, the station branded itself as "97WB."
Former WBWB announcers include:
1. 1981-1984: Kevin Robinson, national radio programming consultant, Audience Development Group, formerly VP/HOT AC Programming with CBS Radio. Now with Hubbard Radio in St. Louis. 
2. 1982-1985: Bill Sanders, Production Manager and Swing Shift DJ, formerly with WCVL/WLFQ Crawfordsville, IN, WXUS-FM Lafayette, IN, and WLFI-TV Lafayette, IN. Sanders left broadcasting in 1985 to become an award winning writer/producer/director of radio, television and film productions. In 1999, he changed careers again to information technology and is now a regional sales director for a national value added reseller. 
3. 1983-1987: Scott Ferrall, uncensored talk show host heard nationally on Sirius Satellite Radio's Howard 101 channel.
4. 1979-1999: Richard "Randy" Lloyd, longtime afternoon DJ and "The Voice of Bloomington," who died in a tragic apartment fire on April 22, 1999—his 54th birthday. His trademark sign-off was "blue skies and green lights." 
5. 1983-1990: Dave Curry, Program Director, Afternoon Drive announcer, WBWB, 97WB then B97, Bloomington, IN. [http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=171299650&trk=nav_responsive_tab_profile] 1990-1992, PD at WQRK, 1994-2001 weekends and fill-in at WFBQ, Q95, Indianapolis, IN . Left broadcasting in 2001. Sales and retail management from 2001-2013. Graduated from Lindenwood University in 2013.</ref>
6. "1984-1986": "Kristy Roberts", Announcer Overnights and Production WBWB 97WB, Evening Announcer WTTS Bloomington, "Kristy Hart" 99.5 WZPL Indianapolis - Morning Drive News/Traffic, Middays Announcer, Public Affairs Director 1986-1989; WKQI Detroit Late Night Announcer 1989-1991; Free Lance Voiceover, Commercial work, Writer...News Anchor/Producer/Writer Lakeshore Public Media, Contract Project Coordinator Arena Child Records, Under The Streetlamp, Gentleman's Rule

</doc>
<doc id="19401625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401625" title="Thendara House">
Thendara House

Thendara House is a fantasy science fiction novel novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series and is a sequel to "The Shattered Chain". It was originally published by DAW Books (No. 544) in 1983. The book was co-written by Jacqueline Lichtenberg, without credit.
In terms of the Darkover timeline, the events of Thendera House take place three or four years after "The Spell Sword" and about two years after the events of "The Forbidden Tower".
Plot Summary.
Part One: Conflicting Oaths.
Magda Lorne tenders her resignation from Terran service to her supervisor, Cholayna Ares, saying that she has taken an oath to spend six months in the Guildhouse of the Reuniciates at Thendera. Cholayna tries to talk her out of resigning, and Magda agrees to detached duty.
Jaelle n’ha Melora starts her first day of working in the spaceport, but finds conforming to Terran customs a challenge. She quickly discovers that her new husband, Peter Haldane, despite being raised on Darkover, has typically Terran sexist attitudes towards women. Jaelle is asked by the legate, Russell Montray, if she can help one of his agents pass as a native.
Magda meets with Mother Lauria at the guildhouse and learns the rules under which she will be living for the next six months. An injured woman named Keitha knocks at the door and asks to take the oath. 
Several days later, Magda, Doria and Keitha undergo a consciousness-raising session with her future sisters regarding her motives for joining the Renunciates. She experiences a vision of the Goddess Avarra.
Jaelle meets with Kadarin, a Terran operative, to assist him in preping for a trip to the Dry Towns. She is assigned to give Alessandro Li a lesson in Darkover’s history, but comes to distrust his motives, telling her husband that he wants to reduce Darkover to a Terran colony. Peter, ever ambitious, ignores her. Jaelle realizes that Peter does not consider her an equal partner in the marriage, and that in many respects, she has broken her Renunciate oath by marrying him.
In the Guildhouse, Bryna gives birth to a boy. Camilla tells Magda the story of how she came to be a Renunciate. Keitha’s abusive husband arrives, demanding the return of his wife. When the Reunciates refuse, a fight ensues. Magda kills one of the mercenaries and comes close to killing the second, when Camilla stops her. Her failure to follow Darkovan codes of conduct get her in trouble. Magda continues to struggle with the expectations of her Renunciate sisters.
Part Two: Sundering.
Cholayna asks Jaelle to intercede with the Guildhouse to allow some of the Reuniciates to work in the spaceport. After a private meeting with Mother Lauria, Jaelle joins the house meeting, which is a combination disciplinary hearing and consciousness-raising session. Afterwards, Jaelle mentions one guild member who is away on Sisterhood business, explaining that this organization is a remnant of one of the original groups that founded the Renunciates.
A diplomatic function is arranged between Danvan Hastur and a group of Terran officials. Russell Montray and Alessandro Li manage to offend their Darkovan hosts over the issue of airspace and local control. Lorill Hastur and Rohana Ardais arrive, and Rohana asks to speak privately with Jaelle. Rohana notes that Jaelle is pregnant with a daughter, and that this daughter will be the heir to the Aillard domain, which passes through female hands. She explains that Jaelle has no choice; it is the law of the Comyn.
A fire breaks out on Alton lands. A number of Renunciates volunteer to help fight the fire, including Magda. They meet Damon Ridenow, Regent of Alton, and Andrew Carr, a Terran married to Ridenow’s sister-in-law (see "The Forbidden Tower"). Carr recognizes Magda as an Intelligence operative, but does not give her away. Magda realizes that Ridenow and Carr treat those around them as equals, unlike the other Comyn nobility she has met. Eventually her burns are healed by Hilary Castamir-Sytris (see "Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover").
Part Three: Outgrowth.
Russell Montray and Alessandro Li become obsessed with meeting Andrew Carr, now called An’ndra Lanart. Despite Magda, Peter and others explaining the breach of etiquette this could cause, they are insistent. Magda realizes that Carr must be warned. As Carr is leaving, Montray makes a scene, betraying his incompetence. Magda resigns, in part because she realizes her skills will never be fully valued because she is female.
Jaelle tells Peter that their marriage was a mistake, that she wants to divorce. When he cannot persuade her to change her mind, he hurls insults at her. Their discussion is interrupted by a loudspeaker page. Lady Rohana has come to the Terran zone to confront Jaelle about her duties to the Aillard Domain.
As she decides to leave the Terran zone entirely, she learns that Alessandro Li has undertaken a journey to the Kilghard Hills without an escort. She determines to follow him, but Peter threatens to have the Terran authorities lock her up on the grounds that she is pregnant. Frightened, she throws him to the floor, and leaves believing that she has killed him.
Jaelle rides into the Kilghard Hills after Li. In the storm, kireseth pollen disturbed, giving Jaelle a vision of her daughter, Cleindori, in red Keeper’s robes. She hears Magda’s voice encouraging her, but believes her to be another vision. Eventually the two women find shelter in a cave, and Jaelle realizes that Magda has come after her, because of her own premonition of Jaelle’s death.
Jaelle and Magda ponder their failures – as married women, as Renunciates. Jaelle realizes that she doesn’t really want Peter’s baby. Several days later, she miscarries.
Magda hallucinates a mystical conversation that she does not fully understand. Later she perceives telepathic contact with Andrew Carr. Shortly thereafter, they are rescued.
Alessandro Li is also rescued and persuaded to advocate for the removal of Russell Montray, in favor of a competent legate. He agrees to make no trouble for Carr. Inquires are made about Peter Haldane, and it’s determined Jaelle has not killed him. Li agrees to arrange her divorce.
Magda has another hallucination of mystical voices, who identify themselves as the Dark Sisterhood, working for the long term survival of Darkover. She also foresees that Jaelle will become pregnant by Damon Ridenow (Cleindori Aillard).

</doc>
<doc id="19401628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401628" title="1490 AM">
1490 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1490 kHz:
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401637" title="Piotr Woźniak (researcher)">
Piotr Woźniak (researcher)

Piotr A. Woźniak (born in 1962) is the principal author of SuperMemo (a flashcard-like computer based learning system) and a researcher in the theory of spaced repetition.
Partial bibliography.
Academic articles he has authored include:

</doc>
<doc id="19401643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401643" title="Sad Vacation">
Sad Vacation

Story.
The film concerns a Japanese man, Kenji Shiraishi (Tadanobu Asano), who is involved in the human trafficking of illegal immigrants from China. When one of the children is left behind by his father, Kenji takes him in.
Reception.
Travis Mackenzie Hoover of "Exclaim!" gave the film a favorable review, saying: "While the film is a tad on the nose with some of its dialogue (and has a magic-realist coda totally out of character with the rest of the movie), mostly the approach is singular, uncompromising and strangely affirmative in spite of it all." Todd Brown of "Twitch Film" described the film as "a quietly powerful drama in which Aoyama manages to address blood ties, fate and regeneration".
Awards.
It won the Jury Award at the 2008 New York Asian Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19401645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401645" title="Ray Mabbutt">
Ray Mabbutt

Raymond William Mabbutt (born 13 March 1936 in Aylesbury) is a retired English footballer, the father of former players Gary Mabbutt and Kevin Mabbutt. Mabbutt played for Oxford City, Bristol Rovers, Newport County and Trowbridge Town. He later played for Clevedon Town for one season between 1974 and 1975, becoming the club's first fully professional paid player.

</doc>
<doc id="19401655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401655" title="Big Boggy National Wildlife Refuge">
Big Boggy National Wildlife Refuge

The Big Boggy National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas (USA) in southeastern Matagorda County, south of the towns of Bay City and Wadsworth. It borders a bay behind a barrier island at the Gulf of Mexico. Established in 1983 and encompassing of salt marsh.
Big Boggy National Wildlife Refuge is for the birds. The refuge is only open to the public for waterfowl hunting season and for special activities.
Three national wildlife refuges on the Texas coast - Brazoria, San Bernard and Big Boggy - form a vital complex of coastal wetlands harboring more than 300 bird species.

</doc>
<doc id="19401689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401689" title="1994 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships">
1994 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships

The 1994 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Birmingham, Alabama in the United States and played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 26th edition of the tournament and was held from April 11 to April 18.

</doc>
<doc id="19401690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401690" title="Euin">
Euin

Euin (died 595), also "Ewin" or "Eoin", was the first Lombard Duke of Trent (from 569) during the Rule of the Dukes, an interregnum (575–585) during which the Kingdom of Italy was ruled by its regional magnates, the dukes of the thirty or so cities. Euin participated in several significant wars during his long reign. The primary source for his career is Paul the Deacon's "Historia Langobardorum".
In 584 the Frankish kings Guntram of Burgundy and Childebert II of Austrasia invaded northwestern Italy. The fortress Anagnis, north of Trent, surrendered to them and was consequently the victim of a plundering expedition by Ragilo, the Lombard count of Lagaris. Ragilo and his army, however, were attacked in the field of "Rotalian" by a Frankish army under Chramnichis. Ragilo and many of his followers, still with their booty, were killed. Chramnichis then moved on to "devastate Trent", but probably this phrase (in Paul the Deacon) refers not to a Frankish occupation of the city itself but just a raid of its environs. At Salurnis, Euin, the duke of Trent, ambushed Chramnichis and killed him. He took the Franks' booty and regained the booty collected by Ragilo. He then drove the Franks from the duchy of Trent.
Paul records that it was around this time, when Sigebert I of Austrasia was assassinated by Chilperic I of Neustria (584), that Euin married a daughter of Garibald I, whom Paul refers to as "king of the Bavarians". The elder sister of Euin's wife was Theudelinda, who in 589 married the Lombard king Authari.
In 587 Authari sent an army under Euin into Istria. By tactics Paul only describes as "plunderings and burnings", Euin established peace for a year and returned with a large tribute for Authari. In 590 Childebert invaded Italy with an army led by twenty dukes, notably Auduald, Olo, and Cedinus. Olo was killed trying to take Bilitio and Auduald, with six other dukes, camped outside Milan waiting for the army of the Byzantine emperor Maurice, which never came. Cedinus, with thirteen dukes, invaded the northeast, and marched west. In the duchy of Trent he destroyed the fortresses of Tesana, Maletum, Sermiana, Appianum, Fagitana, Cimbra, Vitianum, Bremtonicum, Volaenes, and Ennemase. With dysentery racking his army and the Byzantine reinforcements yet to show up, Cedinus made a ten-month truce and returned across the Alps. In May 591, Authari's successor, Agilulf, sent Agnellus, Bishop of Trent, to the Frankish court of Brunhilda to secure the ransom of several Tridentine prisoners captured in the previous war, which he did. At that same time Euin went to the Franks to negotiate a peace, which he did.
Euin was dead by January 595, when he was replaced by Gaidoald, described by Paul as "a good man and a Catholic in religion".

</doc>
<doc id="19401699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401699" title="AlexandLiane">
AlexandLiane

Alex Large and Liane Sommers are a British directing team who have been based in Berlin since 2000. They have made music videos for Kylie Minogue, La Roux, Tiga, Take That, Cheryl Cole, Scissor Sisters, Dido, Mika, Bloc Party, The Ting Tings, Sam Sparro, Armand Van Helden, Tocotronic and Deichkind
Early history.
Alex and Liane first met at 13 and again at 16 when they both studied art and theatre at sixth form college. They proceeded to live and study together at Nottingham University, Sommers studying Theatre Design and Large studying Contemporary Art.
Early work.
Large and Sommers are founding members of the collaborative Arts collective, Gob Squad and participated in projects from 1994-2001. Early projects, "Stars and their Pies", "Science Fiction Kitchen" and "Way out West" took place at Glastonbury Festival in the mid 90s. Later work was site specific and durational, often incorporating elaborate soundscapes, pre-recorded video and live cameras. Locations have included Houses,Vehicles, Car parks, shopping centres, rooftops and constructed spaces.
Projects were presented internationally at the likes of Fondation Cartier Paris, Institute of Contemporary Arts London, Tate Modern London, Berlin Biennale, Walker Arts Centre Minneapolis, Documenta X Germany, The Sean Kelly Gallery NY and Portland Institute for Contemporary Arts.
Alex and Liane parted company with their arts collective in 2001. As a duo, they have created several video installation artworks, directed at the Berlin State Opera and provided visuals for music events in Berlin.
In 2002, AlexandLiane produced and directed several music videos for Berlin musicians. In 2004, they were requested to develop and direct the visual concept for Scissor Sisters' first single "Laura".
They have directed commercials for companies such as Nike, Mercedes Benz, Carolina Herrera, Bosch and BBC RADIO 1

</doc>
<doc id="19401705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401705" title="Order of the Brilliant Star of Zanzibar">
Order of the Brilliant Star of Zanzibar

The Order of the Brilliant Star of Zanzibar was a decoration awarded by the Sultan of Zanzibar. It was in use from its inception on 22 December 1875 to the overthrow of the Sultanate on 12 January 1964. The decoration had two grades, the first of which was usually awarded to foreign heads of state and the second which was further subdivided into five hierarchical classes. The second grade was the most awarded and was used to reward those who had provided assistance to the Sultan.
History.
The Brilliant Star was instituted on 22 December 1875 by Sultan Barghash bin Said. It consisted of two grades, the first almost exclusively awarded to sovereigns and heads of state and the second subdivided into five classes. These categories were (in decreasing order of precedence): Grand Cross, Grand Officer, Commander, Officer and Member. The order became obsolete with the Zanzibar Revolution of 12 January 1964 which saw Sultan Jamshid bin Abdullah overthrown and the end of the Sultanate in Zanzibar.
Design.
Both classes awarded neck medals in medallion form to be worn around the neck on formal occasions and breast badges, smaller awards which could be worn on the left breast like conventional medals. The neck medal was made of silver gilt, enamel and gold with a five pointed star surrounded by a wreath. The centre of the medal featured a portrait of the awarding Sultan for the first grade medals and the Sultan's monogram in gold on a red background for the second grade. The breast order was an eight pointed star in silver, again featuring the Sultan's portrait for the first grade and a monogram for the second. The ribbon for all medals was red with white edges.

</doc>
<doc id="19401708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401708" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T54">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 200 metres T54

The Men's 200m T54 had its First Round held on September 12 at 11:00 and its Final on September 14 at 9:50.

</doc>
<doc id="19401711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401711" title="Mawe Mbili">
Mawe Mbili

Mawe Mbili is a peculiar rock formation on the northern edge of the Elmenteita Badlands, at the base of "scout hat hill" on the Soysambu conservancy. The rock formation is about 5 km south of Lake Elmenteita in Rift Valley Province, Kenya. 
In Swahili the name means 2 stones, referring to two lava ash monoliths, about 2 metres tall which rise from the grassland of a small clearing. Nearby there is a hot water borehole and a Japanese style hot bathing facility.
The monoliths are in a natural clearing in the lleleshwa ("Tarconanthus camphoratus") bushes. In the area there are occasional "Elephants toothbrush" ("Cussonia spicat"a) and Fig "(Ficus spp.)" trees. One of the stones has a cavity at the base of it, large enough to sit in and used in times past as a shelter in bad weather for herdsmen looking after cattle in the area.
The clearing has been part of the route of the 2007,2008 and 2009 Safari rally as the track leading through it leads from the badlands boundary track of Delamere Estates Soysambu ranch around the back of scout hat hill, past a helicopter landing marker built by the British forces in 1955 at the time of the Mau Mau rebellion.

</doc>
<doc id="19401712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401712" title="Brandon Sumrall">
Brandon Sumrall

Brandon Sumrall (born July 15, 1986 in Beaumont, Mississippi) is an American football cornerback. He was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Southern Mississippi.
Sumrall has also been a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Indianapolis Colts and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="19401715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401715" title="Cheese ball">
Cheese ball

"Cheese ball" can refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19401729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401729" title="Thomas Smith Webb">
Thomas Smith Webb

Thomas Smith Webb (October 30, 1771 - July 6, 1819) was the author of "Freemason’s Monitor or Illustrations of Masonry", a book which had a significant impact on the development of Masonic Ritual in America, and especially that of the York Rite. Webb has been called the "Founding Father of the York or American Rite" for his efforts to promote those Masonic bodies. 
Webb was born in Boston, Massachusetts. At the age of sixteen he was apprenticed to a printer in Boston, and he afterward removed to Keene, New Hampshire, where he worked for some time at his trade. Here the three degrees of ancient craft Masonry were conferred upon him by Rising Sun Lodge. In 1793 he moved to Albany, New York and established a paper staining factory. On 14 September 1797, as appears from the copyright, he published "The Freemason's Monitor, or Illustrations of Masonry". This small volume, which is now exceedingly rare, consisted of two parts, the second part containing an account of the “Ineffable Degrees of Masonry” together with several Masonic songs by the author. The publication of this work was followed by successively enlarged and improved editions in 1802, 1805, 1808, 1816, 1818, and by numerous editions after the author's decease.
Thomas Smith Webb presided over a convention of committees in Boston in October, 1797, for the formation of a general grand chapter of royal arch Masons, and at a meeting in Providence in January, 1799, he presented, as chairman of a committee, a constitution which was adopted. The formation of the grand encampment of the United States was the result of his Masonic work. The original draft of the constitution, with all the changes, additions, and interlineations in his own handwriting, is now on file among the archives of St. John's commandery, Providence, Rhode Island. In 1799 he moved with his family to Providence, where he spent the greater part of his remaining years.
His musical attainments were considerable, and he was the first president of the Psallonian Society, an organization for the improvement of its members in sacred melody. In 1815, having changed his residence to Boston, he instituted, in connection with others, the Handel and Haydn Society, of which he was the first president.
He also served as the first Grand Commander of what is now the Grand Commandery of Knights Templar and the Appendant Orders of Massachusetts and Rhode Island, and Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Rhode Island in 1813-14.

</doc>
<doc id="19401736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401736" title="WHCC">
WHCC

WHCC (105.1 FM, "Hoosier Country 105") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Ellettsville, Indiana, USA, the station serves Bloomington, Indiana area. The station is currently owned by Artistic Media Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="19401760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401760" title="Česká">
Česká

Česká is a village and municipality ("obec") in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
The municipality covers an area of , and has a population of 736 (as at 2 October 2006).
Česká lies approximately north-west of Brno and south-east of Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19401763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401763" title="1500 AM">
1500 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1500 kHz: The Federal Communications Commission categorizes 1500 AM as a U.S. clear-channel frequency.
In Argentina
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401769" title="Lectionary 1602">
Lectionary 1602

Lectionary 1602, designated by ℓ "1602" in the Gregory-Aland numbering, 
is a Coptic–Greek bilingual manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves, dated paleographically to the 8th century.
Description.
The text is written in Greek Uncial letters, on 88 parchment leaves (36.2 by 28.4 cm), in 2 columns per page, and 28 lines per page.
The codex contains Lessons from the four Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium"). 
It has two endings to the Gospel of Mark (as in codices Codex Regius Ψ 099 0112 274mg 579).
The manuscript was digitalized by the CSNTM in 2008.
The codex is now located in the University of Michigan (P. Mich. Inv., Nr. 4942, 1 fol.) in Ann Arbor.

</doc>
<doc id="19401771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401771" title="1510 AM">
1510 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1510 kHz: 1510 AM is a North American (U.S.) clear-channel frequency.
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401772" title="Kylle Hogart">
Kylle Hogart

Kylle Hogart (born 22 May) is an Australian actress.
Hogart was born in Sydney and is the sister of Kellie Crawford, one of the members of Australian children's program and band Hi-5. Hogart currently resides in Los Angeles.
Hogart has appeared in more than forty television commercials, both national and international. Hogart has also co-starred in two Australian television series, The Ferals (1994–1995) as Robbie and Us and Them (1995) as Donna. Hogart also co-produced and played a small role in the film Jesus, Mary and Joey (2006).
Her father Dennis Hoggart a profesional soccer player and mother Sonjie live in Sydney, Australia.
Most recently, Hogart has been co-hosting US radio girl talk show Females Uncut.

</doc>
<doc id="19401776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401776" title="Tupolev ANT-16">
Tupolev ANT-16

Tupolev ANT-16 (also known as TB-4; – "Heavy Bomber") was an experimental heavy bomber aircraft designed and tested in the Soviet Union in the early 1930s. Conceptually representing evolution of the TB-3 bomber, ANT-16 was designed under the doctrine that size and payload were more important for a bomber than speed because it would be able to protect itself with defensive armament. The twin 5×1.8×1.8 m (16 ft 5 in × 5 ft 11 in × 5 ft 11 in) bomb bays were the largest in the world at the time and presented many design challenges in order to preserve structural rigidity of the airframe.
The sole prototype first flew on 3 July 1933 with M. M. Gromov at the controls. The test flight program was completed by 29 September 1933 with disappointing results. The two top-mounted engines performed poorly and a significant portion of thrust generated by the wing-mounted powerplants was absorbed by the 2-meter-thick (6 ft 7 in) wing. A proposal to re-equip the aircraft with Mikulin AM-35 engines of 933 kW (1,250 hp) was not implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="19401782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401782" title="1520 AM">
1520 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1520 kHz:
In Argentina
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401789" title="1530 AM">
1530 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1530 kHz:

</doc>
<doc id="19401792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401792" title="San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge">
San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge

The San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas (USA), south of the towns of Sweeny and Brazoria, Texas. It encloses a bay behind a barrier island at the Gulf of Mexico. The refuge is located in southern Brazoria and eastern Matagorda counties.
San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1969 and provides quality habitat for wintering migratory waterfowl and other bird life. Viewing the rippling marshes and ponds of the refuge gives an image of Texas as it was before settlement.
Three national wildlife refuges on the Texas coast - Brazoria, San Bernard and Big Boggy - form a vital complex of coastal wetlands harboring more than 300 bird species.

</doc>
<doc id="19401798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401798" title="Shri Swaminarayan Mandir, London (Willesden)">
Shri Swaminarayan Mandir, London (Willesden)

Shree Swaminarayan Temple Willesden is a Swaminarayan Mandir in the London suburb of Willesden. It is the first Swaminarayan Mandir to be opened in the city. Today the Swaminarayan Sampraday has six Swaminarayan Mandirs across London alone.
History.
In 1975, a disused church on Willesden Lane was bought and renovated. On the auspicious day of Sharad Purnima on 11 October 1975, Acharya Maharajshree Tejendraprasad Pande installed the murtis of Swaminarayan, NarNarayan Dev, Radha Krishna Dev, Hanuman and Ganesh. 
Renovation.
The church building could not accommodate the increasing numbers of satsangis over time. New activities had also been introduced such as Gujarati language classes, a library, and a picture framing service as well as other youth activities. 
An adjoining building was bought thinking that it would solve the problem, but even so this could not meet the needs. 
In 1986 a proposal was put forward to demolish the two existing buildings and in its place build a three temple story complex, which would combine the traditional Hindu Temple architecture and British designs. The ceremonial stone was laid on 12 October 1986. On 29 July 1988, Acharya Maharajshree Tejendraprasad Pande opened the new building. 
Activities.
The following activities are conducted by the temple. 
Apart from the above, the temple has also been active in providing assistance during natural disasters. For example, the temple organised a charity walk to help provide aid for the 2004 tsunami that struck South Asia. A few years before that, in 2001 the temple took up the responsibility for coordinating relief work for the Gujarat earthquake from London. The temple sent 60 tons of clothing and blankets to affected areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19401805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401805" title="1540 AM">
1540 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1540 kHz:
In Argentina
In the Bahamas
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401808" title="Polvere di stelle">
Polvere di stelle

Polvere di stelle ("Stardust") is a 1973 Italian film which was directed by Alberto Sordi. It was starred by Alberto Sordi and Monica Vitti.
Synopsis.
Mimmo Adami (Alberto Sordi) and Dea Dani (Monica Vitti) are local professional dancers in the impoverished Italy of the Second World War. Their lives change suddenly as American soldiers stop in their town hoping to be entertained in accordance with the Broadway style. Effectively, they perform up to their expectations. However, as the army men have to march northward, the moment of glory of Mimmo and Dea finishes heartlessly.

</doc>
<doc id="19401812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401812" title="Blind animals">
Blind animals

Visual perception plays an important role in the animal kingdom, most notably for the identification of food sources, and avoidance of predators. For this reason, blindness in animals is a unique topic of study.
In general, nocturnal or subterranean animals have less interest in the visual world, and depend on other sensory modalities. Visual capacity is a continuum, with humans falling somewhere in the center.
Totally blind species.
The Star-nosed Mole can detect, catch and eat food faster than the human eye can follow (under 300 milliseconds).
Blind animals include the blind cave fish and cave crickets, the Texas salamander, blind flatworms, eyeless shrimp, eyeless fish, cave beetles, cave crayfish, and some bristletails, isopods and copepods.
Some animals live only in caves - they are called troglobites (meaning 'cave dwellers'). These animals are adapted to life in the dark. "See- A List of Troglobites"
Partial blindness.
Although the eyes of most bat species are small and poorly developed, leading to poor visual acuity, it is incorrect to assume that they are nearly blind. Vision is used as an aid in navigation especially at long distances, beyond the range of echolocation.
Infant blindness.
Blindness at birth serves to preserve the young who are dependent on their parents. (If they could see, they could wander off.) Rabbits are born with eyes and ears closed, totally helpless. Humans have very poor vision at birth as well. See: Infant vision
Statements that certain species of mammals are "born blind" refers to them being born with their eyes closed and their eyelids fused together; the eyes open later. One example is the rabbit. In humans the eyelids are fused for a while before birth, but open again before the normal birth time, but very premature babies are sometimes born with their eyes fused shut, and opening later. Other animals such as the blind mole rat are truly blind and rely on other senses.
Colour blindness.
Humans and primates are unique as they possess trichromatic color vision, and are able to discern between violet wave (SW), green wave (MW), and yellow-green wave (LW).
Mammals other than primates generally have less effective two-receptor color perception systems, allowing only dichromatic color vision; marine mammals have only a single cone type and are thus monochromats. Honey- and bumblebees have trichromatic color vision, which is insensitive to red but sensitive in ultraviolet to a color called "bee purple".
Other animals, such as tropical fish and birds, have more complex color vision systems than humans.
There is evidence that ultraviolet light plays a part in color perception in many branches of the animal kingdom, (especially insects) though there has not been enough evidence to show this. It has been suggested that it is likely that pigeons are pentachromats. "Papilio" butterflies apparently have tetrachromatic color vision despite possessing six photoreceptor types.
The most complex color vision system in animal kingdom has been found in stomatopods with up to 12 different spectral receptor types which are thought to work as multiple dichromatic units.
Natural selection.
Darwin cites moles as an example of mammals that have organs that have become vestigial and are being phased out by natural selection:
The eyes of moles and of some burrowing rodents are rudimentary in size, and in some cases are quite covered by skin and fur. This state of the eyes is probably due to gradual reduction from disuse, but aided perhaps by natural selection. In South America, a burrowing rodent, the tuco-tuco, or Ctenomys, is even more subterranean in its habits than the mole; and I was assured by a Spaniard, who had often caught them, that they were frequently blind. One which I kept alive was certainly in this condition, the cause, as appeared on dissection, having been inflammation of the nictitating membrane. As frequent inflammation of the eyes must be injurious to any animal, and as eyes are certainly not necessary to animals having subterranean habits, a reduction in their size, with the adhesion of the eyelids and growth of fur over them, might in such case be an advantage; and if so, natural selection would aid the effects of disuse. (Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species)
Research.
The blind forms of the Mexican tetra have proven popular subjects for scientists studying evolution:
A recent study suggests that there are at least two distinct genetic lineages among the blind populations, arguing that these represent a case of convergent evolution.
One theory is that because of its dark habitat, the fish embryo saves energy it would normally use to develop eyes to develop other body parts, and this developmental choice would eventually dominate the population. This is called economical adaptation.
However, studies have shown that blind cave fish embryos begin to grow eyes during development but then something actively stops this process and flesh grows over the partially grown eyes.
Another theory is that some Mexican tetra randomly don't develop eyes (which is represented by broken genes in the fish's genome), and this lack of eyes spreads to the rest of the population despite having no advantage or disadvantage. This is called the unified neutral theory of biodiversity.
In one experiment studying eye development, University of Maryland scientists transplanted lenses from the eyes of sighted surface-form embryos into blind cave-form embryos, and vice versa. In the cave form, lens development begins within the first 24 hours of embryonic development, but quickly aborts, the lens cells dying; most of the rest of the eye structures never develop. Researchers found that the lens seemed to control the development of the rest of the eye, as the surface-form tetras which received cave-form lenses failed to develop eyes, while cave-form tetras which received surface-form lenses grew eyes with pupils, corneas, and irises. (It is not clear whether they possessed sight, however.)
The evolution of trichromatic color vision in primates occurred as the ancestors of modern monkeys, apes, and humans switched to diurnal (daytime) activity and began consuming fruits and leaves from flowering plants.
Injury, disease and disability.
Blindness often afflicts pets, especially glaucoma in old dogs.
In fiction.
The theme of blind animals has been a powerful one in literature. Peter Shaffer's Tony-Award winning play, Equus, tells the story of a boy who blinds six horses. Theodore Taylor's classic young adult novel, "The Trouble With Tuck," is about a teenage girl, Helen, who trains her blind dog to follow and trust a seeing-eye dog. In non-fiction, a recent classic is Linda Kay Hardie's essay, "Lessons Learned from a Blind Cat," in "".

</doc>
<doc id="19401819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401819" title="ADG Excellence in Production Design Award">
ADG Excellence in Production Design Award

The ADG Excellence in Production Design Awards are an award presented annually by the Art Directors Guild (ADG) to recognize excellence in production design and art direction in the film and television industries.

</doc>
<doc id="19401837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401837" title="1560 AM">
1560 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1560 kHz: 1560 AM is classified as a United States clear-channel frequency by the Federal Communications Commission.
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401847" title="Hal W. Adams Bridge">
Hal W. Adams Bridge

The Hal W. Adams Bridge, built in 1947, is an historic bridge that carries State Road 51 across the Suwannee River between Lafayette and Suwannee counties, Florida in the United States. Located 3 miles north of Mayo, it was the first suspension bridge built in Florida, and the only one to carry highway traffic. At its opening on July 4, 1947, it was named for Hal W. Adams of Mayo, former county judge of Lafayette County and then longtime circuit judge for the circuit encompassing Lafayette and Suwannee counties.
In 1989, the Hal W. Adams Bridge was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19401852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401852" title="1570 AM">
1570 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1570 kHz: 1570 AM is a Mexican clear-channel frequency.
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401860" title="Michael P. C. Carns">
Michael P. C. Carns

Michael Patrick Chamberlain Carns (born June 23, 1937) was the Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force from 1991 to 1994.
Early life.
Carns was born in Junction City, Kansas. After graduating from St. John's College High School, Washington, D.C. in 1955, he went to the United States Air Force Academy and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1959.
After completing his B.S. degree, Carns completed primary pilot training in March 1960 at Graham Air Base in Florida and basic pilot training in September 1960 at Laredo Air Force Base in Texas.
Career.
Following pilot training, Carns served as a Flight Instructor at Laredo Air Force Base, Texas. In 1961, he was appointed Aide to the Commander, Air Reserve Records Center, Denver, Colorado, then Aide to the Commander, 4th Air Force Reserve Region, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, followed by duty as Air Operations Officer at the same base.
Carns completed an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1967. After getting his MBA, he was assigned to the 476th Tactical Fighter Squadron, George Air Force Base, flying F-4 Phantom II's. He transferred to the 40th Tactical Fighter Squadron, Eglin Air Force Base, again flying F-4s in January 1968. From August 1968 to September 1969 he was assigned to the 469th Tactical Fighter Squadron, Korat Royal Thai Air Force Base in Thailand, where he flew 200 combat missions in the F-4E.
Carns returned to the US in September 1969 and he was assigned to Air Force headquarters as a Plans and Programs Officer, and later, as Aide to the United States Air Force Chief of Staff. This was followed by tours at Madrid-Torrejón Airport in Spain, Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe in Belgium and, RAF Bentwaters in England.
After completing the Royal College of Defence Studies in 1977, Carns was assigned to the 81st Tactical Fighter Wing, RAF Bentwaters, as deputy commander for operations.
Carns returned to the US in March 1979 and took command of the 354th Tactical Fighter Wing, Myrtle Beach Air Force Base. He moved to Nellis Air Force Base in October 1980 as commander of the 57th Fighter Weapons Wing. In June 1982 he became director of operations, J-3, Rapid Deployment Joint Task Force, later redesignated United States Central Command, MacDill Air Force Base. He became deputy chief of staff for plans, Headquarters Pacific Air Forces, Hickam Air Force Base in July 1984, and deputy chief of staff for operations and intelligence in June 1985. In July 1986 he assumed command of 13th Air Force, Clark Air Base in the Philippines. In June 1987 he was assigned as deputy commander in chief and chief of staff, United States Pacific Command, Camp H.M. Smith in Hawaii. In September 1989 he became Director of the Joint Staff, Washington, DC. He became the Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force in May 1991. On May 16, 1991, he was promoted to the rank of general.
Life after retirement from U.S. Air Force.
Carns retired from the United States Air Force in September 1994. After retiring from the U.S. Air Force, he served as the Managing Director of a small healthcare firm for one year, followed by over four years as Executive Director of a New York-based policy research firm that specialized in Pacific Rim security in the areas of international capital flows and international energy demands. He is currently the Vice Chairman of PrivaSource, Inc., a small software firm specializing in the security and de-identification of large, sensitive databases, in Weston, Massachusetts. Carns is also currently serves on the Board of Directors for VirtualAgility, Inc. and M-International, Inc.
Military awards and decorations.
Carns has received the Defense Distinguished Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, Air Force Distinguished Service Medal, Silver Star, Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit with three oak leaf clusters, Distinguished Flying Cross, Air Medal with 10 oak leaf clusters, Air Force Commendation Medal and the Government of the Philippines Outstanding Achievement Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19401865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401865" title="1580 AM">
1580 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1580 kHz: 1580 AM is a Mexican and Canadian clear-channel frequency.
In Argentina
In Canada
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401880" title="1600 AM">
1600 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1600 kHz: 1600 AM is classified as a regional frequency by the Federal Communications Commission.
In Mexico
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="19401881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401881" title="1996 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships">
1996 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships

The 1996 Rolling Rock U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Pinehurst, North Carolina in the United States and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. It was the 28th edition of the tournament and ran from May 6 through May 12, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19401883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401883" title="Teh halia">
Teh halia

Teh halia (literally "ginger tea" in Bahasa Melayu) is a tea beverage that is commonly consumed in Malaysia and Singapore. It is prepared like English tea with milk although it contains the added ingredient of ginger. Another notable feature of the beverage is that it is 'pulled' in the same style as teh tarik preparation.
Teh halia may also refer to an Indonesian drink consisting of brown sugar and ginger by the same name.
How to make Teh halia:
Ingredients: 2 cups of water 2-inch knob of fresh ginger, sliced 1/4 inch thin (for stronger taste, grate ginger and squeeze juice for use) 2 teaspoons of tea leaves (darjeeling or other) 1/4 cup of brown sugar warm milk or cream
Preparation: Bring water and ginger to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer on low heat for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and add tea leaves. Steep for 3 minutes. Strain and pour into teapot with brown sugar. Stir gently. To serve, add warm milk or cream to each teacup, about a third of the way up. Gently pour tea into the teacups to fill. Serve with an additional brown sugar and warm milk or cream.

</doc>
<doc id="19401891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401891" title="Lectionary 1614">
Lectionary 1614

Lectionary 1614, designated by ℓ "1614" in the Gregory-Aland numbering. 
It is a Coptic/Greek Bilingual manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment leaves, dated paleographically to the 7th or 8th century.
Description.
The codex contains some Lessons from the four Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium") (Luke 1:39–56 Luke 1:39–56 [Coptic; Mark 4:23—5:16; Matt 25:3–13 Luke 1:39–48 [Coptic). It additionally contains some non-biblical text in Greek and Coptic. It is written in Greek Uncial letters, on 4 leaves (32.5 by 28 cm), 2 columns per page, 33 lines per page. 
The codex is now located in the University of Michigan (MS. 124) in Ann Arbor. 

</doc>
<doc id="19401894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19401894" title="1610 AM">
1610 AM

The following radio stations broadcast on AM frequency 1610 kHz:
In Canada
In the United States (all TIS stations)

</doc>
