<doc id="19317464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317464" title="Public image of Sarah Palin">
Public image of Sarah Palin

Sarah Palin, while serving as Governor of Alaska, was nominated as the first female candidate of the Republican Party for Vice President of the United States. Following the nomination, her image came under close media scrutiny, particularly regarding her religious perspective on public life, her socially conservative views, and a perceived lack of experience. Palin's experience in foreign and domestic politics came under criticism among conservatives as well as liberals following her nomination. A poll taken by Rasmussen Reports just after the Republican National Convention in the first week of September 2008 found that Palin was more popular than either Barack Obama or John McCain; however, this perception later reversed. At the same time, Palin became more popular among Republicans than McCain. A February 2010 "ABC News/Washington Post" poll showed 71% of Americans felt Palin lacked the qualifications necessary to be President of the United States.
Qualifications for Vice President.
Prior to the Republican National Convention, a Gallup poll found that most voters were unfamiliar with Sarah Palin. 39% said she is ready to serve as president if needed, 33% said she is not, and 29% had no opinion. This was "the lowest vote of confidence in a running mate since the elder George Bush chose then-Indiana senator Dan Quayle to join his ticket in 1988."
Republicans cited her tenure in executive office, high popularity, past focus on ethics and energy issues, her personal life, as well as her command of the Alaska National Guard and Alaska's proximity to foreign countries among reasons for the choice of Sarah Palin.
Criticism focused on her limited foreign policy experience and work on major policy issues and claims of low amount of actual responsibility as well as alleged misconduct during her time in office. Her readiness to step in should the president be incapacitated was also questioned.
Foreign policy experience.
Sarah Palin cited Alaska's proximity to Russia and her dealings with foreign trade delegations as showing her the importance of foreign policy. Palin later agreed that her comments were "mocked" and reiterated her view that this proximity enhanced her foreign policy credentials. Her interviews and particularly her response to explaining the Bush Doctrine as Bush's "worldview" were criticized. Subsequently, a survey found likely voters were divided on whether Palin had the personality and leadership qualities a president should have.
Suitability for President.
A February 2010 "ABC News/Washington Post" poll showed 71% of Americans felt Palin lacked the qualifications necessary to be President of the United States. In a poll from October 2010 the number dropped to 67%, with 27% seeing her as qualified and with self-described Tea party members split evenly.
In response to people such as Republican strategist Karl Rove who have suggested that starring in the reality show "Sarah Palin's Alaska" may be incompatible with running for president in 2012, Palin pointed out that Ronald Reagan was an actor prior to becoming president. This led former Reagan speechwriter Peggy Noonan to write, "Excuse me, but this was ignorant even for Mrs. Palin. Reagan people quietly flipped their lids, but I'll voice their consternation to make a larger point." According to Noonan, who described Palin as a "nincompoop," "Here is an old tradition badly in need of return: You have to earn your way into politics." In a similar vein, former Reagan White House political director Ed Rollins invoked the line Senator, you're no Jack Kennedy in expressing his view that Palin is "no Reagan." Other prominent Republicans to oppose her include former First Lady Barbara Bush, and language such as "a problem" and "virtually unelectable" continued to accompany the prospect of a Palin candidacy among Republican pundits through 2010 and early 2011.
Impact on the 2008 election.
After announcing Palin as the presumptive vice-presidential nominee, the McCain campaign received $7 million in contributions in a single day, and the Obama campaign garnered more than $8 million by the next day. During the campaign, Palin evoked a more strongly divided response than Joe Biden among voters and was viewed both more favorably and unfavorably when compared to her opponent. A plurality of the television audience rated Biden's performance higher at the 2008 vice-presidential debate. Following the presidential election, 69% of Republicans felt Palin had helped John McCain's bid, while 20% felt Palin hurt. In the same poll, 71% of Republicans stated Palin had been the right choice.
Perceptions of Palin's political positions.
Energy and environment.
Environmental organizations, including the Center for Biological Diversity, the Sierra Club Alaska, and Greenpeace strongly opposed Palin's positions on issues of energy and environment and criticized Palin for her skepticism regarding humans as the cause of global warming and her administration's positions on wildlife, including the attempt to have the federal designation of the polar bear as a threatened species removed. They also criticized Palin's support of oil exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Religion in public life.
After being nominated, Palin's religious views came under increasing scrutiny in the media. Palin spoke to a group of graduating ministry students at her former church, where she urged them to pray "that our leaders, our national leaders, are sending soldiers out on a task that is from God," and in the same remarks asserted that "God's will" was responsible for the Alaskan national gas pipeline project.
Following the Republican National Convention, the McCain campaign told CNN that Palin "doesn't consider herself Pentecostal," raising questions in the media about whether she was downplaying her faith. A Rassmussen poll taken after the convention found that Palin was a draw with Catholic voters; the poll found that 54% favor Palin and 42% find her unfavorable, a 12% difference, while Joe Biden was viewed favorably by 49% to 47%.
Republican Jewish Coalition Executive Director Matt Brooks commented, "As governor of Alaska, Palin has enjoyed a strong working relationship with Alaska's Jewish community. She has demonstrated sensitivity to the concerns of the community and has been accessible and responsive." The Republican Jewish Coalition publishes a page on its website debunking what it calls "smears" about Sarah Palin, as well as an endorsement from Governor Linda Lingle, Hawaii's first Jewish and first female governor.
Women's issues.
Ruth Mandel of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University pointed out, "The first image here Palin was: This is a woman who is a wife and a mother, and let us tell you about her family... If they want the country to see her in a different way, and if they want the children and the family to be off-limits, they have to reframe it. You can’t have it both ways." President of the National Organization for Women (NOW) Kim Gandy offered, "The fact that Palin is a mother of five who has a 4-month-old baby, a woman who is juggling work and family responsibilities, will speak to many women. But will Palin speak FOR women? Based on her record and her stated positions, the answer is clearly No."
On September 16, 2008, NOW gave its endorsement in the Presidential race to Democratic candidate Barack Obama and his running mate Joe Biden. "The Independent" reports, "The feminist organisation almost never supports a presidential candidate, but the Alaska governor's Christian fundamentalist faith and her opposition to abortion rights has forced its hand." Gandy explained, "as the chair of NOW's Political Action Committee, I am frequently asked whether NOW supports women candidates just because they are women. This gives me an opportunity to once again answer that question with an emphatic 'No.' We recognize the importance of having women's rights supporters at every level but, like Sarah Palin, not every woman supports women's rights." The neo-conservative magazine the "Weekly Standard" responded, "the old-fashioned feminists have fallen back on the old theme of false consciousness; that women who don't agree with them aren't really women at all."
Teen pregnancy.
According to a CBN blog, Evangelicals did not turn against Palin regarding her daughter's conception of a child outside of wedlock: "First they hear that Sarah Palin chooses the life option even though she had a Downs Syndrome baby and once again the family (and Bristol) has chosen the life option in this recent case... Will there be some turned off by the whole pre-marital sex thing? Of course but this type of story doesn't sink her at all with Evangelicals." Evangelical leader Richard Land said of Palin's seventeen year-old daughter's pregnancy, "Those who criticize the Palin family don’t understand that we don’t see babies as a punishment but as a blessing."
Bill O'Reilly expressed support for Palin: "As long as society doesn't have to support the mother, father or baby, it is a personal matter."
When the pregnancy was disclosed, the Palin campaign stated that Bristol Palin would marry the child's father, Levi Johnston, who appeared with the Palin family at the 2008 Republican National Convention. However, after the baby's birth in 2008, the engagement was called off.
Hillary Clinton.
"Hillary is missing in action from the Palin-hating brigade," opined a writer at the "Weekly Standard." Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton referred to Palin's VP nomination as "historic," stating, "We should all be proud of Governor Sarah Palin's historic nomination, and I congratulate her and Senator McCain... While their policies would take America in the wrong direction, Governor Palin will add an important new voice to the debate." Wisconsin Congresswoman Tammy Baldwin expressed a different view: "To the extent that this choice represents an effort to court supporters of Hillary Clinton's historic candidacy, McCain misjudges the reasons so many voters rallied around her candidacy. It was Senator Clinton's experience, skill and commitment to change, especially in the areas of health care and energy policy, that drew such strong support. Sarah Palin's opposition to Roe v. Wade and her support of big oil will not draw Democrats from the Obama-Biden ticket." President of the National Organization for Women (NOW) Kim Gandy said "What McCain does not understand is that women supported Hillary Clinton not just because she was a woman, but because she was a champion on their issues. They will surely not find Sarah Palin to be an advocate for women."
Palin and Clinton were compared and contrasted with one another in the media. A "New York Times" article explains, "Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Palin have little in common beyond their breakout performances at the conventions and the soap opera aspects of their family lives. Mrs. Clinton always faces high expectations; Ms. Palin faced low expectations this week, and benefited from them. Mrs. Clinton can seem harsh when she goes on the attack; Ms. Palin has shown a knack for attacking without seeming nasty. Mrs. Clinton has a lot of experience; Ms. Palin, not so much. Mrs. Clinton is pantsuits; Ms. Palin is skirts." Guy Cecil, the former political director of Mrs. Clinton's campaign, said it was "insulting" for Republicans to compare Ms. Palin to Mrs. Clinton." The "Saturday Night Live" skit "A Nonpartisan Message from Governor Sarah Palin & Senator Hillary Clinton" counterpoised Palin, played by Tina Fey, against Hillary Clinton, played by Amy Poehler. The skit pointed out their opposing political views and presented Palin as unversed in global politics, as emphasized by the line: "I can see Russia from my house." Ex-Hewlett-Packard chief executive and former McCain advisor Carly Fiorina blasted the Saturday Night Live sketch in a television interview: "They were defining Hillary Clinton as very substantive and Sarah Palin as totally superficial," and an ABC news blog headline soon after ran, "Now the McCain Campaign's Complaining that Saturday Night Live Skit Was 'Sexist'."
Guns.
In a September 2008 article, Chad Baus the vice chairman of the Buckeye Firearms Association comments: "Unlike Mitt Romney and John Kerry, Palin is a life-long NRA member and big animal hunter... In seeking to assuage the concerns of gun owners about his spotty record on guns and rally them to the polls, John McCain couldn't have made a better choice." In its brief, "Sarah Palin and Joe Biden: Worlds Apart," the National Rifle Association says nothing specific about Palin's position on gun legislation but concludes: "Gov. Sarah Palin would be one of the most pro-gun vice-presidents in American history."
Health care.
On August 7, 2009 Palin released a statement on her Facebook page in which she said, "The America I know and love is not one in which my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama's 'death panel' so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their 'level of productivity in society,' whether they are worthy of health care." The Associated Press reported: "Palin and other critics are wrong." The provision of the health care bill to which Palin referred (on page 425) merely authorizes Medicare reimbursement for physicians who provide voluntary counseling about such subjects as living wills. Howard Dean, the former Chair of the Democratic National Committee, said that Palin "just made that up. Just like the 'Bridge to Nowhere' that she supposedly didn't support." Republicans were divided. Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Newt Gingrich agreed with Palin, saying that "there are clearly people in America who believe in establishing euthanasia, including selective standards." Palin's "death panels" comment was selected as the "Lie of the Year" by PolitiFact.com, the fact-checking website of the "St. Petersburg Times". Palin was also criticized for having invoked her infant for political purposes.
The ideas for Palin's death panel meme were from the editorial "Deadly Doctors", which was written by Betsy McCaughey and published by the "New York Post". Palin cited a speech Michele Bachmann gave about the editorial regarding President Barack Obama's health care advisor Dr. Ezekiel Emanuel, which contained what TIME called "selective and misleading quotes" from Emanuel's writings. While Rush Limbaugh called death panels "the reality of what's going to happen"
Palin said recommendations that women wait longer to be screened for breast and cervical cancer indicate "rationed care." The guideline from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists on pap smears was begun before Obama was elected. The change in guidelines for mammograms was suggested by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, which, according to Kathleen Sebelius, does not set government policy. It also is not related to cost controls, according to members of the task force.
Perceptions of Palin's political style.
Approach to campaigning.
Palin was early on accused of dissimulation in her approach to campaigning during the 2008 elections. An Associated Press writer reported, "Day after day she said she had told Congress 'no thanks' to the so-called Bridge to Nowhere, a rural Alaska project that was abandoned when critics challenged its costs and usefulness. For nearly a week, major news outlets had documented that Palin supported the bridge when running for governor in 2006, noting that she turned against it only after it became an object of ridicule in Alaska and a symbol of Congress's out-of-control earmarking... (The campaign) equated lawmakers' requests for money for special projects with corruption, even though Palin has sought millions of dollars in such 'earmarks' this year. The "Washington Post" reported that "critics, the news media and nonpartisan fact checkers have called claim a fabrication or, at best, a half-truth."
Palin compared herself to Harry Truman, the vice-president who succeeded Franklin D. Roosevelt, contributing to the impression that for a time the race was between Palin and Obama. Indeed, for many Palin was the main attraction at McCain-Palin rallies; there were often "a sizable number of people making their way towards the exit" after Palin left the podium.
After the McCain-Palin ticket lost the elections, media coverage focused on rumors of infighting within the McCain campaign, reporting that campaign staffers stated Palin had refused preparation for her interview with Katie Couric, was at times emotionally intractable, could not list the three members of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and was unaware that Africa is a continent rather than a country, had scheduled an interview with French President Nicolas Sarkozy which turned out to be a radio station prank, spent far more than the reported amount on her campaign wardrobe, and asked to make her own concession speech on election night. Although Palin disputed the accusations as "foolish," she said she bears no ill will towards the McCain staff who anonymously leaked the accusations to the press. Ultimately the press emphasized Palin's statement that she was sorry if she had cost McCain a single vote.
Campaign imagery.
In March 2010, Palin posted to her Facebook page to seek contributions to SarahPAC to help defeat 20 House Democrats in the 2010 Congressional election. Her post featured a graphic that used gunsight crosshairs to mark the Democrats' districts. She also tweeted to her supporters, "'Don't Retreat, Instead – RELOAD!' Pls see my Facebook page." Palin critics said she was inciting violence. One of the targeted Democrats, Representative Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona, objected to the graphic, saying, "we're in the crosshairs of a gun sight over our district. When people do that, they've got to realize that there are consequences to that action." Palin referred to the targets as "a bullseye icon" in a post-election tweet.
In the immediate aftermath of the 2011 Tucson shooting, where Giffords was among those who were shot, Palin was the subject of press and political criticism about her style of political rhetoric, which was disputed by defenders of Palin in the media. Palin removed the controversial graphic from her website, but later restored it. On "Glenn Beck", an e-mail said to be from Palin was read, saying "I hate violence. I hate war. Our children will not have peace if politicos just capitalize on this to succeed in portraying anyone as inciting terror and violence." Following the 2011 Tucson shooting, a Palin aide stated that death threats against the former Alaska governor had risen to "an unprecedented level." As more details of the shooting emerged, the "Christian Science Monitor" reported: "The suggestion that the shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords Saturday might have been influenced by political 'vitriol' seems less likely as more becomes known about suspect Jared Loughner." Palin released a video denying any link between her rhetoric and the shooting, controversially referring to such suggestions as a blood libel, also saying that, "Acts of monstrous criminality stand on their own. They begin and end with the criminals who commit them."
A public opinion survey commissioned by "USA Today" and conducted by Gallup January 14–16, 2011, showed that Palin was perceived favorably by 38% of those polled and unfavorably by 53%, the highest unfavorable rating since Palin entered national politics.
Approach to governance.
Palin came under fire in congress and the media as a result of her support for the Gravina Island Bridge "Bridge to Nowhere," often called an emblem of pork-barrel spending and excessive earmark requests.
Some media outlets repeated Palin's statement that she "stood up to Big Oil" when she resigned after just 11 months as the head of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission because of abuses she witnessed involving other Republican commissioners and their ties to energy companies and energy lobbyists, and again when she raised taxes on oil companies as governor; in turn others said that she is a "friend of Big Oil" due to her fervent advocacy of oil exploitation, including her push to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling and effort to de-list polar bears as an Endangered species since this could hinder oil speculation.
Similarly, some called Palin a "small-town foe of 'good old boys' politics and a champion for ethics reform," as evidenced by her run-ins with Ted Stevens, while others argued that Palin's record "undermined arguments that Palin has broken from Alaska's Republican machine, including Stevens." Still others point to nepotistic hiring tendencies and question her firing policies. Controversy arose concerning Palin's dismissal of the Wasilla police chief at the start of her first term as mayor, and her firing of the public commissioner while governor of Alaska (what the media referred to as "troopergate").
In an article entitled "State leaders question Palin's qualifications," the "Juneau Empire", one of Alaska's main papers, reported that as governor, Palin was so frequently absent from work at the state capitol that, "someone at the Capitol even printed up buttons asking, ‘Where's Sarah?’"; the article quoted Rep. Andrea Doll, D-Juneau, "At a time when her leadership was truly needed, we didn't know where she was."
Approval rating as Governor.
As governor of Alaska, Palin's job approval rating ranged from a high of 93% in May 2007 to 54% in May 2009. In November 2006, the month before Palin took office, Alaska Governor Frank Murkowski's job approval rating was 19%.
In April 2009, SurveyUSA reported job approval ratings for the following U.S. governors: Bob Riley (AL) 54%, Arnold Schwarzenegger (CA) 25%, Chet Culver (IA) 42%, Kathleen Sebelius (KS) 46%, Steve Beshear (KY) 47%, Tim Pawlenty (MN) 46%, Jay Nixon (MO) 56%, Bill Richardson (NM) 46%, David Paterson (NY) 25%, Ted Kulongoski (OR) 40%, Tim Kaine (VA) 50%, Christine Gregoire (WA) 40%, and Jim Doyle (WI) 35%. (Polls taken April 24–26, 2009).
Persona.
Soon after the RNC, Palin quickly became a favorite subject of satire and derision. According to Lara Spencer, host of the tabloid show "The Insider", Palin was part of a big cross-over between politics and pop culture in the 2008 election. During the campaign Spencer conducted the only live broadcast interview with Palin's husband, Todd Palin.
Palin's status as a mother of a child with Down syndrome was initially a focus for some pundits and reporters during the 2008 elections. CNN's John Roberts pondered: "Children with Down's syndrome require an awful lot of attention. The role of vice president, it seems to me, would take up an awful lot of her time, and it raises the issue of how much time will she have to dedicate to her newborn child?"
William Kristol of the "Weekly Standard" wrote: "There she is: a working woman who's a proud wife and mother; a traditionalist in important matters who's broken through all kinds of barriers; a reformer who's a Republican; a challenger of a corrupt good-old-boy establishment who's a conservative; a successful woman whose life is unapologetically grounded in religious belief; a lady who's a leader."
Appearance.
A great deal of attention was paid to Palin's physical appearance during the 2008 elections. According to "Vogue" magazine, "Besides being telegenic, had a tough-girl Alaskan résumé that most politicians could only dream of—the protein her family eats comes from fish she has pulled out of the ocean with her own hands and caribou she has shot." Others were quick to point out striking resemblances of Palin to actress Tina Fey, who would impersonate her on "Saturday Night Live", and Peggy Hill, a character on Fox Network's cartoon series "King of the Hill". Regarding her appearance, Palin has said, "I've been taken aback by the nasty criticism about my appearance. I wish they'd stick with the issues instead of discussing my black go-go boots. A reporter once asked me about it during the campaign, and I assured him I was trying to be as frumpy as I could by wearing my hair on top of my head and these schoolmarm glasses."
According to the "Los Angeles Times" of October 23, 2008 "the news that the Republican National Committee has bought Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and her family nearly $150,000 worth of clothing since September has fueled charges of hypocrisy by her detractors and sparked questions about the legality of the expenditures [...] Election-law experts are split on whether the RNC's expenditure is allowable under federal laws, which prohibit the use of campaign funds for personal use." Tracey Schmitt, Palin's traveling press secretary responded by saying "It was always the intent that the clothing go to a charitable purpose after the campaign." "I am an Obama supporter, but when I heard that for $150,000, they dressed her, her children and her husband, I thought, 'that's not much, said Vicki Sanchez, a costume designer who dressed Geena Davis as the first female U.S. president on the short-lived TV show "Commander in Chief"." She continues on to say "When you start buying $3,000 suits, boots that cost anywhere from $800 and up, and designer shoes, which cost $500 at least, it goes fast."
A University of South Florida study by Nathan Heflick and Jamie Goldenberg, released in the March 2009 issue of the "Journal of Experimental Social Psychology", found that support for Palin, and the McCain-Palin ticket by extension, was diminished when people focused on her appearance compared to her personality. The study found that when participants focused on her appearance, they gave her lower ratings for competence, intelligence and capability, which in turn, lowered people's likelihood of voting for the GOP ticket.
Oration.
A profile in "The New Yorker" described Palin's oratorical style as "simultaneously chatty and urgent," and noted that "she reinforces her words with winks and nods and wrinklings of her nose that seem meant to telegraph intimacy and ease." The article's author, Philip Gourevitch, characterized Palin as being "high-spirited, irrepressible, and not in the least self-conscious."
Features of the Minnesotan dialect are prominent in the Mat-Su Valley where Palin grew up because the area was settled by farmers from Minnesota during the Great Depression. Palin's dialect is Upper Midwestern, and she speaks with a characteristic North Central American English dialect. Her dialect is often tied in with her persona, and often reinforces her "folksy" image.
"Refudiate".
In July 2010, amidst the Cordoba House controversy, Palin wrote on her Twitter asking Muslims to "pls refudiate" support for the mosque. She was then mocked by bloggers and media outlets for using "refudiate," which is not a word. Palin later responded on Twitter, saying that "English is a living language." and "Shakespeare liked to coin new words too." According to Michael Shear of "The New York Times", the record suggests the original Twitter message was no typo. Just days earlier in a Fox News appearance, Palin had combined "refute" and "repudiate" into "refudiate." The word was chosen as new word of the year for 2010 by the "New Oxford American Dictionary", with the statement "From a strictly lexical interpretation of the different contexts in which Palin has used 'refudiate,' we have concluded that neither 'refute' nor 'repudiate' seems consistently precise, and that 'refudiate' more or less stands on its own, suggesting a general sense of 'reject.'"
Palin's children.
In June 2009 David Letterman told a joke that Sarah Palin's daughter was "knocked up" by a baseball player during a Yankees game. Palin then issued a public statement condemning Letterman's joke. A campaign then began to have David Letterman fired or to force him to apologize for his actions, with several Republicans organizing a boycott of Letterman sponsors. On June 16, Sarah Palin accepted Letterman's apology. In June 2009, Palin responded to a blogger for posting a photo in which her son Trig's face was altered, calling the change "malicious." The image superimposed was of a local Alaskan right-wing radio show host and was implying that he was her "baby" regarding his positive coverage of her governorship foibles.
Palin and the media.
In July 2009, Palin threatened to sue any media outlet that printed rumors that she was being investigated by the FBI on corruption charges involving inappropriate contracts. The head of the FBI in Alaska said that she was not being investigated. Some sources have noted however, that the statute of limitations on the contract incident would have passed. She also criticized the media in an op-ed in "The Washington Post" in which she said "many in the media would rather focus on the personality-driven political gossip of the day than on the gravity of these [Cap and Trade] challenges. So, at risk of disappointing the chattering class, let me make clear what is foremost on my mind and where my focus will be."
Thomas Frank, of "The Wall Street Journal" wrote of her, "Ronald Reagan stood tall. John McCain was about service. Barack Obama has hope. Sarah Palin is a collector of grievances. She runs for high office by griping." Conversely, Palin said of the media in a February 2009 interview, "This is for the sake of our democracy that there is fairness in this other branch of government, if you will, called the media. It is foreign to me the way some in the mainstream media are thinking. There have been lies told, there have been reputations trashed, there have been children that have been harmed."
Palin herself, the "LA Times", and other commentators have accused "Newsweek" of sexism for their choice of cover in the November issue discussing Palin's book, "". The cover depicted her posing in gym-clothes and was captioned "How do you solve a problem like Sarah." "It's sexist as hell," wrote Lisa Richardson for the "LA Times". Taylor Marsh of the Huffington Post called it "the worst case of pictorial sexism aimed at political character assassination ever done by a traditional media outlet." David Brody of CBN News stated: "This cover should be insulting to women politicians." The cover came from a photo of Palin used in the August 2009 issue of "Runner's World".
In March 2010, Palin starred on a travelogue reality television series on the Discovery Channel called "Sarah Palin's Alaska", produced by Mark Burnett. A Palin series on Fox News called "Real American Stories" generated some controversy since several of the guests shown "interviewed" by her claimed to have never met her: L.L. Cool J and Toby Keith both complained that footage taken from an interview with someone else was recycled for this.
Author Joe McGinniss rented the house adjacent to the Palins' home in Wasilla while researching a book on Palin. The Palins erected a fence between the properties and Sarah Palin referred to McGinniss as "The Wasilla stalker" and intimated that she believed his book will be "unfair."
Paul Revere remarks.
During a 2011 bus tour, titled "One Nation," across the Northeastern states and paid for by her PAC, Palin visited the Paul Revere House in Boston. When asked what she had learned during her visit, Palin replied with a comment to the effect that Paul Revere had warned the British that Americans would not let them confiscate American arms, and that Revere's warnings involved ringing bells and firing guns. The remark was widely seen as a gaffe and not accepted by the news media, but she declined to withdraw her assertion. Historian Brendan McConville stated that Palin's account was "essentially right" and Cornell law professor William Jacobson said Palin's critics are the ones in need of a history lesson. "It seems to be a historical fact that this happened, A lot of the criticism is unfair and made by people who are themselves ignorant of history." On the other hand, Revere biographer James Giblin disagreed with some of Palin's remarks, characterizing her comment about warning the British as a "blooper." A director from the Paul Revere House also disagreed with historical descriptions made by Palin. Robert Allison, the chair of the history department at Suffolk University, commented in an interview with NPR that Revere did not personally ring bells nor were gunshots involved, but he did ride as part of the militia warning system, intending the ringing of church bells as a sign of American solidarity and a warning to the British not to impound the colonists' weapons. Allison said that Palin was correct on the whole.
Parodies.
Palin became a subject of parody and satire soon after her nomination for Vice President on the Republican Party ticket for the 2008 presidential election.
2008 Presidential election.
Immediate comic reaction.
A Comedy Central writer joked that "she's a pit bull who wears lipstick for some reason!" (in response to her statement at the 2008 Republican National Convention that the difference between a pit bull and a hockey mom was lipstick). In addition, David Harrington's "Sarah Palin Baby Name Generator" generates hunting, industrial, hockey-related, and other idiosyncratic personal names from names that are supplied to it.
Also, comedienne Julie Brown re-wrote her 1980s single "The Homecoming Queen's Got a Gun" as a parody titled "The Ex-Beauty Queen's Got a Gun." Some street art in New York City also parodied Palin before the 2008 election, including one employing Shepard Fairey's Barack Obama "Hope" poster.
Tina Fey and "Saturday Night Live".
On September 13, 2008, Tina Fey appeared in a comedy skit, "A Nonpartisan Message from Governor Sarah Palin & Senator Hillary Clinton," on "Saturday Night Live" as Sarah Palin, alongside Amy Poehler as Hillary Clinton. The sketch was written by Poehler, Fey, and head writer and "Weekend Update" anchor Seth Meyers. The following year Fey won an Emmy in the category of Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her impersonation of Palin.
Due to its popularity, additional sketches with Tina Fey as Sarah Palin were seen in later "SNL" episodes leading up to the weekend before the election, with Fey ultimately performing her impersonation alongside both the real Palin and John McCain. Palin has said that, before her national prominence, she once dressed up as Fey on Halloween.
Nicole Parker and "MADtv".
On September 27, 2008, Nicole Parker portrayed Sarah Palin during a mock Q&A session in a live audience. On October 4, 2008 MADtv aired a Special Election Presidential Special where it featured Parker once again appearing as Palin.
Gina Gershon.
Actress Gina Gershon self-produced and posted several parody videos in which she portrays Palin for the comedy website Funny or Die. In one of the videos, Gershon, as Palin, dons a stars-and-stripes bikini and totes a gun, a reference to a widely circulated, but faked, photograph purporting to be the real Palin in such a scenario.
Sara Benincasa.
YouTube contributor Sara Benincasa created video logs, or vlogs, in which she stars as Governor Palin. In these vlogs, Benincasa (as Palin) compares the experience of heading up a Parent-Teacher Association to the responsibilities of running Alaska and discusses how being a mother of five children makes her fit to run the United States. In the skits, Benincasa's sometime comedy partner, Diana Saez, appears as Palin's (fictional) cousin and assistant Dina Heath-Barr.
"Live with Regis and Kelly".
Kelly Ripa impersonated Palin on the Halloween edition of "Live with Regis and Kelly" (broadcast October 31, 2008), parodying phrases associated with Palin such a "Say it ain't so, Joe" and "Maverick," wearing Palin's well-known red outfit, and speaking in Palin's accent. Her co-host, Regis Philbin, impersonated Joe Biden.
Caribou Barbie.
Following her nomination, Palin was often tagged with the epithet "Caribou Barbie," a play on Malibu Barbie, owing to her background as a beauty pageant contestant in her home state of Alaska. Palin herself uttered this phrase when she made an October 18, 2008 guest appearance on "Saturday Night Live", filling in the blank for Alec Baldwin, who could not remember what people called her. Baldwin later referred to Palin as "Bible Spice" in an appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman". The epithet Caribou Barbie has been contrasted with Palin's usage of Mama grizzly to describe herself and later to describe other moms seeking political office.
Country music singer Ray Stevens issued a YouTube music video entitled "Caribou Barbie" on March 11, 2010 which gently parodies Palin's image but at the same time denounces her critics and urges voters to think of her in 2012 should she decide to run for the U.S. Presidency.
Post-resignation.
William Shatner.
In addition to his career on "Star Trek", actor William Shatner is also known for his spoken word performances. On July 27, 2009, Shatner gave a "spoken word" interpretation of Palin's farewell address on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien". He returned to the "Tonight Show" on July 29, 2009 and performed a few of Palin's "Tweets" on "Twitter". Shatner then appeared on the show on December 11, 2009 to recite Palin's "", but was followed by an appearance from Palin herself reading excerpts from Shatner's autobiography, "Up Till Now".
"An American Nightmare" versus "An American Life".
' is a collection of essays about Palin with a spoof title and cover design similar to Palin's memoir. The paperback was released on November 17, 2009, the same day that Palin's own hardback ' was released. Both books feature Palin on the front in red, but "Going Rouge: An American Nightmare" has her against a backdrop of black thunder clouds and lightning, instead of the blue sky with clouds of her actual memoir. "Going Rouge" is compiled by Richard Kim and Betsy Reed, two editors of the left-leaning weekly "The Nation", and includes essays by Katrina vanden Heuvel, Naomi Klein, Katha Pollitt and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19317482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317482" title="Limnakaro">
Limnakaro

Limnakaro () is a small
(approx. 1000 m in the E-W direction and 600 m in the N-S) plateau
located south of the Lassithi plateau, near
the villages of Avrakondes and Agios Georgios in eastern Crete, Greece.
Limnakaro lies at about 1120 m above sea level, at the feet of the Spathi
summit that rises at 2148 m. Because of its altitude, the plateau is mainly
used as grazing grounds for sheep and goats. It has a rich wild flora and
grows a number of walnut, pear, apple and chestnut trees.
Despite a very small number of houses, there are no permanent residents
at the plateau. At its western part there is a double nave church dedicated
to the Holy Spirit (Agio Pnevma) that dates back to the second Byzantine
period (i.e., 961-1204). The church was expanded in 1875 and has been recently
restored. Limnakaro is on the European walking route E4; at a height of 1350 m
to its southwest in the Anestasi area there is a mountain shelter.

</doc>
<doc id="19317523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317523" title="Kargala River">
Kargala River

The Kargala is a river of Kazakhstan, It flows through Aktobe Province. It flows into the Ilek River near Aktobe City.

</doc>
<doc id="19317525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317525" title="The Holy Terror (1929 film)">
The Holy Terror (1929 film)

The Holy Terror is a 1929 "Our Gang" short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan. It was the 83rd "Our Gang" short that was released and is considered to be lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19317532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317532" title="Haron Keitany">
Haron Keitany

Haron Keitany (born December 17, 1983) is a runner from Kenya, who specialises in 1500 metres. In 2008, he won 1500 metres races at the African Championships, the IAAF Golden League meeting of Weltklasse Zürich, and World Athletics Final. He missed the Beijing Olympics though, after finishing fourth at the Kenyan trials.
He competed at the 2009 World Championships, but did not start his semifinal.
His personal best over 1500 metres is 3:30.20, set in June 2009.
Keitany is nicknamed “Land Cruiser”. He is the sixth-born in a family of 10. He graduated from Anasens High School in Wareng District in 2003 and took up running two year later. He is trained by Amos Korir at Golazo Athletics Club in Eldoret 
Personal Bests.
Outdoors
Indoors

</doc>
<doc id="19317536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317536" title="Berent Schwineköper">
Berent Schwineköper

Berent Schwineköper (8 November 1912 – 8 March 1993) was a German archivist and historian.
Born in Magdeburg, Prussian Saxony, Schwineköper was the son of an apothecary. At the universities of Göttingen, Vienna, and Freiburg, Schwineköper studied history, German studies, art history, and historical auxiliary sciences. His main advisors were Alfons Dopsch, Heinrich von Srbik, Hermann Heimpel, and especially Percy Ernst Schramm, from whom Schwineköper received his doctorate in 1937 with the work "Der Handschuh im Recht, Ämterwesen, Brauchtum und Volksglauben".
Schwineköper attended the Institut für Archivwissenschaft (institute for archival science) from 1939–41 and then was the archivist at the Prussian Privy State Archives in Berlin-Dahlem. In 1944 he became archival councillor at the state archive in Magdeburg. From February 1946 to June 1959, Schwineköper was scientific archivist at the provincial archive in Magdeburg. In 1958 he was named an honorary docent for diplomatics of the Middle Ages and for regional history at the Institut für Archivwissenschaft in Potsdam. 
In June 1959 Schwineköper migrated from East Germany to West Germany to work at the city archive of Freiburg. He began teaching at the University of Freiburg in 1964 and was named an honorary professor in 1972. He was a participant of the Konstanzer Arbeitskreis concerning medieval history and an extraordinary member of the historical commission of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences. He was also a member of the East German historical commission for Saxony-Anhalt. Schwineköper died in Freiburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19317538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317538" title="Canadian Federation of Humane Societies">
Canadian Federation of Humane Societies

The Canadian Federation of Humane Societies (CFHS) is the only national animal welfare organization representing humane societies, SPCAs, and animal rescue organizations across the country. The CFHS represents community-based provincial and territorial member societies on animal welfare issues of national importance and supports the work of its diverse membership.
History.
Based in Ottawa, the Canadian Federation of Humane Societies is a not-for-profit organization originally founded in 1957 by individuals who worked on behalf of local societies across Canada. The work begun by the Federation over 50 years ago has resulted in significant changes for animals.
Currently the Canadian Federation of Humane Societies is led by Chief Executive Officer, Barbara Cartwright who joined CFHS in July 2011. Recent prior CEOs of the Canadian Federation of Humane Societies include: Steve Carrol (2006-2011) and Robert Van Tongerloo (2000-2005).
Programs.
The CFHS’s program work focuses on companion animals, livestock and legislation. The Federation continues to push hard for changes to Canada’s federal animal cruelty law, which was originally enacted in 1892 and contains loopholes that prevent the prosecution of some animal abusers. The Federation works with the Canadian livestock sector to improve standards of care for animals on farm, as well as in transit and at slaughter. As a founding member of the National Companion Animal Coalition, the CFHS has been involved in setting the standard for microchip identification for pets, and has worked on such issues as dog bite prevention, puppy mills and municipal bylaws for dogs and cats. The CFHS is also an ex-officio member of the Animal Welfare Committee of the Canadian Veterinary Medical Association.
Funding.
The CFHS does not receive any government funding. It relies on donations from the public, corporate sponsorship and some membership fees to develop educational programs, to promote effective animal welfare legislation and to support, unite and represent local humane societies and SPCAs.
Governance.
The Canadian Federation of Humane Societies is governed by a volunteer-based Board of Directors. Board members may be employed by member societies. The members of the Board meet four times each year (two face-to-face, two conference calls), while both the Executive and Finance Committees meet monthly. The CFHS website maintains a current list of directors.
Membership.
Over 40 non-profit animal welfare organizations, humane societies and SPCAs operating in more than 100 communities across Canada are currently part of the CFHS’ trial and full membership. Through their donors and their members’ networks, the Federation reaches more than 400,000 people nationwide.
Publications.
"Animal Welfare in Focus" is the Canadian Federation of Humane Societies’ flagship publication. This tabloid size publication contains the latest news from the CFHS and member societies, as well as important animal welfare information from across Canada and around the world. 
With over twenty years in publication, "Animal Welfare in Focus" has a diverse readership that includes member societies, animal welfare professionals, municipal leaders, federal decision makers, donors and the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="19317551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317551" title="Jiří Štancl">
Jiří Štancl

Jiří Štancl (born 18 November 1949 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a former international speedway rider who reached the final of the
Speedway World Championship on nine occasions, finishing a career best 9th in 1982 in Los Angeles. He won the Czechoslovakian National Championship twelve times, appeared in the World Team Cup finals on seven occasions and in the Speedway World Pairs Championship finals seven times.
Son George also rides.

</doc>
<doc id="19317559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317559" title="Funky Junction">
Funky Junction

Funky Junction were an Irish rock band formed in 1972 specifically to record a single album of songs made famous by British band Deep Purple, which was released as "Funky Junction Play a Tribute to Deep Purple" in January 1973. 
The project was brought about by a German businessman named Leo Muller, who contacted Irish group Thin Lizzy to record the album. The group were not enthusiastic, as they were trying to forge their own style and identity, but they needed the money. Thin Lizzy's vocalist, Phil Lynott, decided that he was unable to sing like Deep Purple vocalist Ian Gillan, so restricted himself to playing bass guitar and singing back-up. The band brought in Benny White, singer with the Dublin group Elmer Fudd, because they generally performed Deep Purple covers during gigs. Thin Lizzy drummer Brian Downey referred to White as "really an Ian Gillan clone". Thin Lizzy did not have a keyboard player in their lineup, so Elmer Fudd's keyboardist Dave "Mojo" Lennox, later in Blodwyn Pig, was also asked to participate. Thin Lizzy guitarist Eric Bell stated that White and Lennox were each paid "around £60" to travel to De Lane Lea Studios in London to record the album. 
The makeshift band rehearsed for "two or three hours", according to Downey, before recording the whole album in one day. Nine tracks were recorded, with five being Deep Purple covers. Three others were loosely improvised instrumentals; "Dan" – a version of "Londonderry Air" or "Danny Boy" by Bell in a Jimi Hendrix style; "Rising Sun" – a cover of "The House of the Rising Sun" made popular by The Animals; and the original composition "Palamatoon". The last track on the album was "Corina", credited to Leo Muller, as were the other non-Deep Purple songs.
The album was released in the UK and the USA on the Stereo Gold Award label, and on the Sonic Records label in Germany. For the German release, the band's name was changed to "The Rock Machine" with the album title being changed to "The Rock Machine Play the Best of Deep Purple". In its original edition, the album was available at Woolworths for 50p.
Thin Lizzy were paid £1000 for the recording but their name was entirely omitted from the album, and a photo of a different band was featured on the cover, namely Hard Stuff, who were signed to Deep Purple's own label.

</doc>
<doc id="19317560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317560" title="Umm al-Nasr Mosque">
Umm al-Nasr Mosque

Umm al-Nasr Mosque () or Beit Hanoun Mosque is the oldest mosque in the Palestinian city of Beit Hanoun in the Gaza Strip, located in the center of the city. 
History.
The Umm al-Nasr Mosque was built 1239 by the Ayyubids to commemorate their soldiers who had died in the battle on the mosque site between them and the Crusaders. The Ayyubids were victorious, hence the name "Umm al-Nasr" ("Mother of Victories"). The inscription on the wall above the mosque entrance attributes the construction to Ayyubid sultan al-Adil II. 
The battle that is commemorated was not a major one, but in the history of later Crusades it was significant. Egyptian historian al-Maqrizi mentions that the battle occurred on September 13, 1239 and ended in an Egyptian (Ayyubid) victory. Crusader reports confirm al-Maqrizi's claim that Henry the Count of Bar, together with 1,000 of his men were killed in the hostilities, and 600 were taken prisoner, most of whom were killed by their captors on the way to Egypt. 
On November 3, 2006, Israeli forces and Palestinian militants holed up inside the mosque exchanged gunfire. The mosque was virtually destroyed by Israeli shells, the only structure untouched being the southern portico a shallow dome in the mosque center. Nearly 40 women marching to protect the mosque were shot at by Israelis, resulting in the deaths of two. The damage to the mosque was condemned by the United Nations.
Architecture.
The original mosque consisted of one large room, with a simple dome, built from crude and worn-out stones. Nothing is left of the original mosque apart from the southern portico with its roof—which consists of fan vaults and shallow dome in the center. The prayer hall ends with a room to the east roofed with a dome supported on spherical triangles. The foundation plate is inscribed in Ayyubid nashki script.

</doc>
<doc id="19317573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317573" title="Boom Gorge">
Boom Gorge

Boom Gorge ('shoestring gorge', , ) is an antecedent gorge in Chuy Province and Issyk-Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan. From the Russian spelling, the English pronunciation would be 'boh-ohm'. 
The gorge cuts, in a general north-south direction, across one of Tian Shan's mountain range systems. The range east of the gorge is known as Kyungey Ala-Too (, based on similar Kyrgyz spelling), the one to the west is the Kyrgyz Range ().
The Chu River passes northwards through it and then enters the wider Chuy Valley. The Bishkek-Tokmak-Kemin-Balykchy highway (A365) passes through the gorge, as does the railway from Bishkek to Balykchy.

</doc>
<doc id="19317584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317584" title="2009 Speedway Grand Prix">
2009 Speedway Grand Prix

The 2009 Speedway Grand Prix season will be the 15th season of the Speedway Grand Prix era, and will decide the 64th Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme Speedway World Championship. It is the third series under the promotion of Benfield Sports International, an IMG company.
Qualification.
For the 2008 season, there will be 15 permanent riders, to be joined at each Grand Prix by one wild card and two track reserves.
2008 Grand Prix.
The top eight riders from the 2008 championship qualified as of right. These eight qualifiers are, in championship order:
Grand Prix Challenge.
The top eight riders from the 2008 championship will be joined by three riders who qualified via the Grand Prix Challenge. These riders are, in order by qualifying position:
Nominations.
The final four riders were nominated by series promoters, Benfield Sports International, following the completion of the 2008 season. Riders were nominated after the season ended on October 28, 2008.
Calendar.
Calendar is confirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="19317586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317586" title="John Steinbrink">
John Steinbrink

John Steinbrink was a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 65th Assembly District from 1996 when he defeated Republican Jeff Toboyek from the City of Kenosha to 2013. He was beaten for his bid in the 61st district by incumbent Representative Samantha Kerkman due to redistricting.
Biography.
Born in Kenosha, Wisconsin, Steinbrink graduated from George Nelson Tremper High School. He then went to Carthage College and University of Wisconsin–Madison Farm and Industry short course. He was a dairy and grain farmer. He served on the Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin town and village boards.

</doc>
<doc id="19317597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317597" title="Wiggle Your Ears">
Wiggle Your Ears

Wiggle Your Ears is a 1929 "Our Gang" short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. It was the 84th "Our Gang" short that was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19317598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317598" title="Efxeinoupoli">
Efxeinoupoli

Efxeinoupoli (Greek: Ευξεινούπολη) is a small town in the Municipality of Almyros, Magnesia regional unit, Thessaly, Greece. Euxinoupoli counts 2555 residents.
History.
Efxeinoupoli was created in 1906. The first residents that came in the area were Greeks, refugees from Eastern Rumelia (de facto a part of Bulgaria). Firstly they were established in Almyros. The building of the town started on the 29th of September 1907. After the Greco-Turkish war (1919-1922) Greek refugees from Asia Minor came to the town of Efxeinoupoli.
The name of the town had been chosen to denote the origin of all those refugees from regions across the "Euxeinos Pontos" (Black Sea).

</doc>
<doc id="19317605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317605" title="Penn Foster Career School">
Penn Foster Career School

Founded in 1890, Penn Foster is a leader in career-focused online and hybrid education designed to address the skills gap in America. Penn Foster Career School offers over 100 diploma and certificate programs for in-demand careers. 
Accreditation.
Penn Foster Career School is regionally accredited for non-degree granting postsecondary programs by the Commission on Secondary Schools of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, as well as the nationally-recognized Accrediting Commission of the Distance Education and Training Council. Penn Foster Career School is also licensed by the Pennsylvania State Board of Private Licensed Schools, and is an accredited business with the Better Business Bureau with a BBB Rating of A+.
History.
In 1890, a newspaper editor named Thomas J. Foster founded the school to provide coal miners with the education they needed to advance in their careers and increase worker safety. At the turn of the century, the school was officially known as the International Correspondence Schools (ICS), and one out of every 27 adults in the US had taken an ICS course. In December 2009, Penn Foster college was purchased by test preparation and educational support company The Princeton Review from its previous owner, the Wicks Group, a private equity firm that had bought the high school from Thomson Corporation in 2007.
Academics.
Penn Foster Career School provides students with the opportunity to earn certificates and career diplomas at their own pace through online courses and instruction, as well as printed materials delivered to their homes. Penn Foster Career School offers over 80 different programs in Automotive, Business, Creative/Design, Drafting, Education, Health Services, Legal Studies, Natural Health, Technology, and Trades areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19317621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317621" title="Richard Rayner">
Richard Rayner

Richard Rayner (born 1955) is a British author who now lives in Los Angeles.
Early life.
He was born on December 15, 1955 in the northern city of Bradford. Rayner attended schools in Yorkshire and Wales before studying philosophy and law at the University of Cambridge. He has worked as an editor at "Time Out" Magazine, in London, and later on the literary magazine Granta, then based in Cambridge.
First book.
Rayner is the author of nine books. His first, "Los Angeles Without A Map", was published in 1988. Part-fiction, part-travelogue, this was turned into a movie "L.A. Without a Map" (for which Rayner co-wrote the screenplay with director Mika Kaurismäki) starring David Tennant, Vinessa Shaw, Julie Delpy, Vincent Gallo, and, in an uncredited part, Johnny Depp.
1996–present.
In 1996, Rayner published "The Blue Suit", a memoir about his early life that won an Esquire Non-Fiction Award in the UK, and was described as 'a beguiling portrait of the artist as a writer and a crook' by the New York Times. Novels like "The Cloud Sketcher" and "Devil's Wind" followed. "Murder Book", another novel, grew out of a time that Rayner spent riding with the Los Angeles Police Department. Most recently, in 2009, Rayner has published "A Bright And Guilty Place", a non-fiction historical narrative set in Los Angeles in the late 1920s and early 1930s, featuring various true-life tabloid crimes of the era.
Rayner is a prolific journalist and short-story writer. He has published in The New Yorker, The Los Angeles Times, Esquire, The Times, The Guardian, The Observer and Granta Magazine among others. He wrote about the Los Angeles Riots for Granta Magazine, and about the post-Rodney-King Los Angeles Police Department for the New York Times Magazine. His non-fiction work for the New Yorker has included a profile of Robert Redford, and a story about how a Finnish entomologist helped put leaves back on pest-ravaged Beijing trees in time for the 2008 Olympics.
Currently Rayner writes a monthly column entitled "Paperback Writers" for the Los Angeles Times. His work has been translated into many languages. He is married to a Finn, Päivi Suvilehto, and the couple have two sons. He lives in Santa Monica.

</doc>
<doc id="19317630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317630" title="Associated Recording Studios">
Associated Recording Studios

Associated Recording Studios, familiarly known as Associated, was based in the music district of New York City from 1946 to 1985, near the famous Brill Building. As New York’s major independent recording studio for almost 40 years, Associated was used by all types of musicians, singers, songwriters, producers and publishers in New York’s thriving music industry. First located on Broadway, Associated moved a few blocks to a larger space in 1961 at 723 7th Avenue, near 48th Street, at the northern end of Times Square. Associated was owned and operated by Nathan “Nat” Schnapf and Paul Friedberger, who met while working as radar technicians at Western Electric during World War II.
As a major independent studio, Associated was available to anyone with a recording need. It was used by talent from the entire range of New York’s music industry: opera, jazz, broadway, pop, blues, and even country. Beyond pure entertainment, the studio recorded political ads, advertising jingles, comedy albums – just about anything; including a rare field recording of a speech by Albert Einstein.
With the ascendency of Rock and Roll in the 1950s and 1960s, Associated’s staple business became making “demo” records for up and coming singers and bands, and for New York’s large community of songwriters, publishers and producers seeking to strike it rich with a hit song. Much of the material covered by the artists of the 50’s and 60’s was written by the many great songwriters of the day. These songwriters acted independently of the major record labels, often working for one of the large number of publishing companies inhabiting the Brill Building and surrounding area. Taking the idea for a song, the writers/publishers/producers would come to Associated to cut a demo, often adapting and improvising along the way, which would then be used to try to entice a known artist to cover the song. In most instances, once an act’s success was established it would sign with a record label and typically, would thereafter use the label’s private studio. Accordingly, making recordings for established artists was only a small portion Associated’s business. Nonetheless, many major “hits” where recorded there. Some by up and coming artists who went on to long, successful careers; others by “one hit wonders.”
In addition to providing the recording space and equipment, Associated provided engineers and, if requested, hired studio musicians, many of which were enormously talented. It maintained a large assortment of standard and exotic instruments – from penny whistles to Hammond organs, and its engineers were always willing to experiment with new recording techniques to get that new sound many artists were looking for.
Associated was never involved in mass production of records or tapes. In most cases the end product of a recording session was a session tape and a record made using a lathe to cut a groove on a lacquer-covered aluminum disk.
The 70s and 80s brought major changes to the recording industry which impacted Associated business. During this time, recording technology was changing and developing quickly, more and more recording artists began writing their own material, cutting the roll of independent songwriters, and New York’s dominance as a major center of the music industry diminished. Ultimately, these factors led the Associated’s owners to shut down as they neared retirement age.
The following is a partial list of artists, songwriters and others who are believed to have used Associated’s facilities: Al Caiola, Al Hirt, Al Martino, Albert Einstein, Andy Williams, Archie Bleyer, Art Garfunkel, Arthur Godfrey, Barbra Streisand, Barry Manilow, Barry Mann, Bette Midler, Beverly Ross, Bill Charlap, Blood Sweat & Tears, Bo Diddley, Bob Hilliard, Bobby "Boris" Pickett, Bobby Darin, Bobby Goldsboro, Brian Hyland, Bryan Adams, Burl Ives, Burt Bacharach, Buster Poindexter, Carole King, Cat Stevens, Charles Strouse, Charlie Tobias, Connie Francis, Cy Coleman, Danny Davis, Danny Kaye, Dave Blum Trio, Dee Dee Warwick, Dick Van Dyke, Dionne Warwick, Doc Pomus, Don Costa, Donnie Hathaway, Duo Tones, Eleanor Steber, Ellie Greenwich, Elvis Costello, Ethel Merman, Eydie Gorme, Fats Domino, Firefly (Brooklyn local folk-pop band), Frank Sinatra, Gene Autry, Gerry Mulligan, Ginger Rogers, Gwen Verdon, Hal David, Hank Williams Jr., Henry Mancini, Herb Alpert, Herbie Hancock, Hoagy Carmichael, Howard Greenfield, Ike & Tina Turner, Jack Keller, Jake LaMotta, Janis Ian, Jerry Herman, Jerry Keller, Jo Jo Starbuck, Joe Harnell, John Sebastian, John Wayne, Johnny Marks, Jonathan Winters, Jule Styne, Kay Starr, Kenny Karen, Kenny Rogers, King Curtis, Leiber & Stoller, Leslie Gore, Lewis & Clark, Liza Minnelli, Louis Jordan, Marlene VerPlanck, Mary Ford, Mary Martin, Melba Moore, Mickey & Sylvia, Miles Davis, Milton DeLugg, Mitch Miller, Moose Charlap, Mort Shuman, Napoleon XIV, Neil Diamond, Neil Sedaka, Norman Bergen, Noro Morales, Ornette Coleman, Oscar Brand, Oscar Peterson, Otis Blackwell, Pat Boone, Patti Duke, Patti Page, Paul Evans, Paul Robeson, Paul Simon, Peggy Fleming, Peggy Lee, Perry Como, Pete Fountain, Pete Seeger/The Weavers, Peter Criss, Peter Duchin, Peter Dunfield, Peter Nero, Peter, Paul and Mary, Petula Clark, Pierre Brunet, Pink Floyd, Polly Bergen, Prairie League, Ricky Dee, Roberta Flack, Rocky Graziano, Rod McKuen, Ron Dante, Sandy Stewart, Screamin’ Jay Hawkins, Sheb Wooley, Shel Silverstein, Sherman Edwards, Stan Lebowski, Steely Dan, Steve Allen, Steve Lawrence, Steve Neilson, Teresa Brewer, Terry Bradshaw, The Bell Notes, The Belmonts, The Chipmunks, The Delphonics, The Four Lads, The Four Seasons, The Kalin Twins, The Ronettes, The Shirelles, The Three Suns, Thelonious Monk, Tiny Tim, Tito Puente, Tom Glazer, Tommy Edwards, Vic Damone, Walter Carlos, Woody Guthrie.
References.
See, for example, David Simmons, Studio Stories, Backbeat Books, San Francisco, 2004; Ken Emerson, Always Magic in the Air – the Bomp and Brilliance of the Brill Building Era, 2005, Viking Press.
I Was a Teen-age Idol? by Paul Evans http://www.paulevans.com/recollec.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19317641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317641" title="Tofane">
Tofane

Tofane is a mountain group in the Italian Dolomites, west of Cortina d'Ampezzo, in the province of Belluno, Veneto, northern Italy. Most of the Tofane lies within "Parco naturale delle Dolomiti d'Ampezzo", a nature park.
Peaks.
The highest peaks of the Tofane group are "Tofana di Mezzo" (3,244 m), "Tofana di Dentro" (3,238), and "Tofana di Rozes" (3,225 m). Tofana di Mezzo is the third highest peak in the Dolomites, after Marmolada (3,343 m) and Antelao (3,262 m). All the three highest peaks were first conquered by Paul Grohmann along with local mountain guides, in 1863 (di Mezzo), 1864 (di Rozes) and 1865 (di Dentro).
Geology.
The Dolomites were formed during the Cretaceous Period, approximately 60 million years ago, due to the collision of the African and European continents. The Tofane is largely formed from the Upper Triassic rock Dolomia principale. The stratas are perceptibly folded, and the mountains are finally formed by wind, rain, glaciers and rivers.
Tourism.
Access.
A cable lift system ("Freccia nel Cielo", "Arrow in the sky") goes from Cortina almost to the top of Tofane di Mezzo. There is only a short walk from the top cable car to the summit. Alternatively the via ferratas "VF Punta Anna" and "VF Gianna Aglio" can be used to reach Tofane di Mezzo.
Cabins (rifugi).
Some of the cabins in the Tofane are the "Rifugio Angelo Dibona" (2.083 m), the "Rifugio Giussani" (2.580 m), the "Rifugio Duca d'Aosta" (2.098 m), and the "Rifugio Pomedes" (2.303 m).
Via ferratas.
The via ferratas of Tofane are "VF Punta Anna" and "VF Gianna Aglio" on Tofana di Mezzo, "VF Lamon" and "VF Formenton" on Tofana di Dentro, and "VF Giovanni Lipella" on Tofana di Rozes, where there also are tunnel systems from World War I.
History.
During the First World War the Tofane was a battlefield for clashes between the Italian and Austrian forces. The front lines went through the mountains. Mount Tofane itself hosted the alpine skiing events at the 1956 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19317652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317652" title="WCLC">
WCLC

WCLC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19317653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317653" title="Jeff Hardy (rugby league)">
Jeff Hardy (rugby league)

Jeff Hardy (born 20 May 1966) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s.
Playing in the back row Hardy played for the Illawarra Steelers and the St George Dragons in Australia.
Hardy was a part of the consecutive grand final losses to the Brisbane Broncos in 1992 and 1993. He played in a third grand final loss for the Dragons in 1996.
Hardy also had a career in England playing for Sheffield Eagles, Castleford Tigers and the Huddersfield Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="19317666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317666" title="Fernando Venâncio">
Fernando Venâncio

Fernando Venâncio (Mértola, Portugal, born 1944) is a Portuguese born writer, intellectual, literary critic, linguist and academic. At present he holds Dutch nationality.
Fernado Venâncio spent his childhood in Lisbon and completed his secondary school in the northern Portuguese city of Braga. He studied Philosophy in Vila Nova de Ourém and Theology in Lisbon. In 1970 he moves to the Netherlands, where he eventually completes his studies in linguistics at the University of Amsterdam in 1976. Two years later he starts lecturing at the department of Portuguese studies in the University of Nijmegen. From 1984 to 1988 he taught at the University of Utrecht, eventually returning to the University of Amsterdam to teach Portuguese language and culture, until today. In 1995 Venâncio completed his doctoral degree with a thesis on Portuguese language. 
He is an accomplished author and a regular contributor to prestigious journals such as "Jornal Literário", "Ler" and "Colóquio/Letras", working as a literary critic. He also publishes in the Portuguese newspaper "Expresso" and in the magazine "Visão". Until March 2008, he was a regular contributor in the collective blog "Aspirina B". 
Venâncio, although controversial in some issues, has expressed pro-reintegrationism views, referring to the relationship between Galician and Portuguese language. 

</doc>
<doc id="19317671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317671" title="WCLE">
WCLE

WCLE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19317674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317674" title="2007 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles">
2007 World Table Tennis Championships – Women's Singles

The 2007 World Table Tennis Championships, Women's Singles event took place in Zagreb, Croatia between May 21 and May 27, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19317681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317681" title="Military Liaison Element">
Military Liaison Element

A Military Liaison Element (MLE) is small group of special forces personnel, sometimes just one or two at a time, attached to embassies in Africa, Southeast Asia, South America, or somewhere else where terrorists are thought to be operating, planning attacks, raising money or seeking safe haven, especially those teams in the United States. MLEs report to the local US combat commanders and Special Operations Command (SOCOM) and not to the local ambassador or CIA station chief.
These units work to gather information on possible terror threats, but do not actively hunt down terrorists. In addition, MLEs are not undercover. SOCOM, under then Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, first deployed MLEs in 2003 under the name "Operational Control Elements" a term changed in 2005 because it raised the hackles of regional commanders and ambassadors.
MLEs were first introduced to the general public by a New York Times expose.

</doc>
<doc id="19317698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317698" title="Amy Sue Vruwink">
Amy Sue Vruwink

Amy Sue Vruwink is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 70th Assembly District since 2002.
Career.
Born in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin, Vruwink graduated from Auburndale High School and then from Marian University. Vruwink was a former aide to Congressman David Obey and the area program director for the Minnesota Farm Bureau. On November 6, 2012, Vruwink narrowly defeated her Republican opponent Nancy VanderMeer.

</doc>
<doc id="19317702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317702" title="Mysore Hiriyanna">
Mysore Hiriyanna

Mysore Hiriyanna (1871–1950) was one of the foremost writers on Indian philosophy who lived in the last century. His prominent works include Indian Conception of Values, Outlines of Indian Philosophy, Quest after Perfection and Art Experience. His books are held in hundreds of libraries; even outside India. 

</doc>
<doc id="19317705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317705" title="WCLT">
WCLT

WCLT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19317733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317733" title="Josias Weitbrecht">
Josias Weitbrecht

Josias Weitbrecht (, born November 6, 1702 in Schorndorf, died February 28, 1747 in St. Petersburg) was a known German Professor of Medicine and Anatomy in Russia.
Life and career.
After his studies at the University of Tübingen initially Josias Weitbrecht acquired the academic degree for a magister of philosophy. By the medium of Dr Duvernoy in the year 1721 he came to the University of St. Petersburg, where he studied medicine, physiology and anatomy, his main subject, which he taught students from the academic grammar school, associated with the Russian Academy of Science. This academy accepted him as a member in 1725. Later, on January 22, 1730, he was appointed ordinary professor of physiology at this university, but in 1743 he underwent the danger to be released despite best credentials due to the expiry of his agreement but until 1746 he could remain in his position with a freelance contract. Finally due to an intervention of the count Alexei Grigorevich Razumovsky his employment contract could be renewed and Weitbrecht was appointed Full Professor of anatomy in January 1747. Shortly after having restarted officially his work he suddenly died due to the takings resulting from the above mentioned uncertain situation.
In his time Josias Weitbrecht was considered one of the most important anatomists. He described first and foremost the construction and function of the intervertebral disc. Some special foramina, ligaments, cartilages and fibres were named after him. Furthermore in winter 1738 he recalibrated the Delisle thermometers, which usually had 2400 graduations, to a new Delisle scale with 0 degrees as the boiling point and 150 degrees as the freezing point of water. The Delisle thermometer remained in use for almost 100 years in Russia. Altogether 21 articles, where he described his researches, are the basis of new cognitions and he used an excellent style of the Latin language.
Josias Weitbrecht married Katharina Sophia Duran from Copenhagen, and with her had two sons and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19317741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317741" title="Flyer (Croatian band)">
Flyer (Croatian band)

Flyer is a Croatian pop band from Zagreb, Croatia, formed in 1996. The members of the band are Petra Geber ("lead vocals"), Bianka Zugelj and Lara Antic ("backing vocals"), Ivan Dumalovski ("guitar"), Ivo Dunat ("bass"), Zeljko Kozar ("drums") and Mario Kovac ("keyboards"). In mid-2003, they recorded a demo album to win the demonstrated band festival IDEMO among other bands. In October 2003, they were signed by Croatia Records. Incognito member Imaani was achieved many cooperations with world famous divas which are Jocelyn Brown and Chaka Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="19317755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317755" title="List of Soundgarden band members">
List of Soundgarden band members

Soundgarden is an American alternative grunge band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1984 by lead singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. The drummer position was originally filled by Cornell, who played drums while singing, but in 1985 the band enlisted Scott Sundquist to allow Cornell to concentrate on vocals. The band's first recordings were three songs that appeared on a compilation for C/Z Records called "Deep Six".
In 1986, Sundquist, who by that point had a wife and a child, decided to leave the band and spend time with his family. He was replaced by Matt Cameron, the drummer for Skin Yard, who became Soundgarden's permanent drummer. This line-up released the extended plays "Screaming Life" in 1987 and "Fopp" in 1988, and the studio albums "Ultramega OK" in 1988 and "Louder Than Love" in 1989. Following the release of "Louder Than Love", Yamamoto left the band to finish his Master's degree in Physical Chemistry at Western Washington University. He was replaced by former Nirvana guitarist Jason Everman. Everman was fired following Soundgarden's tour supporting "Louder Than Love". His only contribution for Soundgarden was the band's cover of The Beatles song "Come Together".
In 1990, the band was joined by a new bassist, Ben Shepherd. With the addition of Shepherd, Soundgarden's line-up would not change for the remainder of its existence. Soundgarden subsequently released "Badmotorfinger" in 1991, "Superunknown" in 1994, and "Down on the Upside" in 1996. Tensions within the group arose during the "Down on the Upside" sessions, with Thayil and Cornell reportedly clashing over Cornell's desire to shift away from the heavy guitar riffing that had become the band's trademark. In 1997, the band broke up due to internal strife over its creative direction. In a 1998 interview, Thayil said, "It was pretty obvious from everybody's general attitude over the course of the previous half year that there was some dissatisfaction."
Cornell announced Soundgarden's reunion on January 1, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19317800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317800" title="Wentworth, Cambridgeshire">
Wentworth, Cambridgeshire

Wentworth is a small village near Ely in Cambridgeshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19317802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317802" title="Decision list">
Decision list

Decision lists are a representation for Boolean functions. Single term decision lists are more expressive than disjunctions and conjunctions, however 1-term decision lists are less expressive than the general disjunctive normal form and the conjunctive normal form.
The language specified by a k-length decision list includes as a subset the language specified by a k-depth decision tree.
Learning decision lists can be used for attribute efficient learning.
Definition.
A decision list (DL) of length formula_1 is of the form:
where formula_8 is the formula_9th formula and formula_10 is the formula_9th boolean for formula_12. The last if-then-else is the default case, which means formula formula_6 is always equal to true. A formula_14-DL is a decision list where all of formulas have at most formula_14 terms. Sometimes "decision list" is used to refer to a 1-DL, where all of the formulas are either a variable or its negation.

</doc>
<doc id="19317807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317807" title="Witchford">
Witchford

Witchford is a small village near Ely in Cambridgeshire, England with a 2011 population of 2,385.
Witchford houses the secondary school Witchford Village College that serves all of the surrounding villages, including Haddenham, Little Thetford, Mepal, Stretham, Sutton, Wilburton and Witcham.
The village hosts the Grunty Fen Half Marathon road race, which has been staged annually in the village since 1991. The race begins and ends at Witchford Village College and involves two laps into the nearby Grunty Fen.
RAF Witchford.
The village was once the home to RAF Witchford, an RAF Bomber Command base that was built in 1942 and closed and broken up in 1946. It was initially home to the Vickers Wellington bombers of No. 196 Squadron RAF, but after they relocated to RAF Leicester East their place was taken by No. 115 Squadron RAF flying Avro Lancasters. It was proposed to become a missile base thereafter (rumours were it was to become a Blue Streak base), which is why some of the older residents refer to the site (now an industrial park) as "The Rocket Base".
A museum dedicated to RAF Witchford is located in the village.
Archaeology.
A cemetery was discovered here during World War II whilst constructing the aerodrome. Archaeologist Major Gordon Fowler reported witnessing a bulldozer levelling off ground and in so doing was crushing skeletons. Little archaeological work could be undertaken as the urgent war effort could not be stopped. He was however able to recover some objects from the graves, which were later dated by Lethbridge to be consistent with the period AD 450–650. More recent survey work found Iron-Age and Roman period domestic and other remains. An Anglo-Saxon cemetery was not found at that time leading to the conclusion that this was not the site of the lost village of Cratendune.

</doc>
<doc id="19317824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317824" title="Eduard Andreevitch Krushevsky">
Eduard Andreevitch Krushevsky

Eduard Andreevitch Krushevsky () - was a Russian conductor and composer. Born in Warsaw in 1857, finished study in Saint Petersburg Conservatory in 1890.
He was frequently conducting concerts of Imperial Russian musical society. He was capable to conduct without any preparation such difficult operas as "Esclarmonde", "Mlada", and "Falstaff" and that his very ability was the reason for hiring him as the second conductor of the Mariinsky Theatre (where Russian premieres of those works took place).
His compositions include a skillfully written overture and recitatives to the opera "Il matrimonio segreto" by Cimarosa. Krushevsky was also a first-class piano accompanist.

</doc>
<doc id="19317838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317838" title="Bəydili">
Bəydili

Bəydili or Beydili may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19317842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317842" title="Timothy Killeen">
Timothy Killeen

Timothy Killeen (10 May 1923 – 2 March 1993) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A company secretary, Killeen stood at the 1969 and 1973 general elections but was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin Artane constituency at the 1977 general election. Following constituency revisions, Killeen contested the 1981 general election for the Dublin North–West constituency but was defeated. He failed to be elected at the February 1982 and November 1982 general elections. 

</doc>
<doc id="19317847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317847" title="St. Albert Transit">
St. Albert Transit

St. Albert Transit (StAT) is the public transportation system in the City of St. Albert, Alberta, Canada, which is located only about northwest of downtown Edmonton. Scheduled bus service consists of local circuits within the community and express commuter routes to Edmonton. The city owns and maintains the vehicles but the drivers are privately contracted from Diversified Transportation.
"Handibus" is the accessible service for those who cannot use regular transit buses. They operate within the city limits or provide travel to Edmonton for work or education purposes. Customers must be registered to use the service and all trips must be booked ahead of time.
Facilities.
Transit Garage.
Renovations to the garage have been completed and it has been renamed the Dez Liggett Transit Facility. Dez Liggett is the founding Director of Transit in St. Albert and worked there for over 23 years.
Controversy.
Parking at St. Albert Centre exchange is prohibited, but lack of parking at Village Transit Station has left few alternatives to those who do not dwell within St. Albert city limits. This has led to numerous controversies, mainly among students, who are required to pay for the service with the U-Pass program. Many are now seeking alternatives, petitioning the universities to abandon the service due to its inaccessibility.

</doc>
<doc id="19317870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317870" title="Sally Lunn bun">
Sally Lunn bun

A Sally Lunn is a type of enriched yeast bread associated with the city of Bath in the West Country of England, known since the late 18th Century and described by Eliza Acton's as a version of "Solimemne - A rich French breakfast cake, or Sally Lunn". 
There is an unrelated dish of the same name known in the French parts of the US.
Sally Lunn's house.
The building, now known as the Sally Lunn Eating House at 4 North Parade Passage (formerly Lilliput Alley), Bath, is a medieval building. It formed part of the Duke of Kingston's house in 1480 and was the first post office of Ralph Allen in 1725. It is now a Grade II* listed building.
The building was acquired in the 1930s by Marie Byng-Johnson who opened it as a tea-room specializing in Sally Lunn buns, promoted with a story that she had discovered an ancient document in a secret cupboard explaining that Mlle. Sally Lunn was a young French Huguenot refugee who brought the recipe to Bath around 1680.

</doc>
<doc id="19317871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317871" title="Armenians in Italy">
Armenians in Italy

Armenians in Italy covers the Armenians who live in Italy. There are currently 3.000 Armenians in Italy mainly residing in Milan, Rome and Venice; another main centre of Armenian culture and history is Padua
Besides the general population, there are monastic communities on the island of San Lazzaro (Venice) and at the Moorat-Raphael College of Venice as well as Armenian clergy at the Holy See (Vatican).
History.
The oldest information about Armenians living in Italy goes back to the 6th-8th centuries. 
Later, in the 9th-10th centuries, a great number of Armenians moved to Italy from Thrace and Macedonia. They were the descendants of Paulicians chased from Armenia by emperor Constantin.
As to Armenian communities, they were formed in Italy in the 12th-13th centuries, when active trade was going on between Cilician Armenia and Italian big city-republics as Genoa, Venice and Pisa. Under Cilician Armenian king Levon II (1187–1219) (also known as King Leo II of Armenia), treaties were signed between the two parties, according to which Italian merchants had the right to open factories and to develop industrial activities in the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia and Armenian merchants could do the same in Italian towns. These treaties were periodically renewed, as long as the Cilician Armenian Kingdom existed. In the 13th century the number of Armenians in Italy increased because of the new wave of emigrants after the invasion of Tatars and Mongols. 
Beginning with the 15th-16th centuries the process of catholicizing Armenians was strengthened in Italy which greatly contributed to their assimilation with Italian people. Nevertheless, some Armenian organizations continued to function with the aim to preserve national identity. As a result first Armenian books were printed in Venice. 
Besides, in the beginning of the 18th century the Armenian Congregation of the Mechitarists (, also spelled Mekhitarists), was founded in Venice, on the St. Lazzaro Island (San Lazzaro degli Armeni). It exists up till now with its monastery, library, manuscripts depository and publishing house, and is considered as a centre of Armenian culture in Italy. 
There is also the reputable Moorat-Raphael College in Venice for general education with student body from Armenians from many countries and Collegio Armeno (The Pontifical Armenian College) in Rome for preparation of clergy in the Armenian Catholic Church.
San Lazzaro Island.
The Monastic Headquarters of the Mekhitarist Order is on the island of St. Lazarus in Venice (San Lazzaro Monastero Armeno in Italian). It is located on San Lazzaro degli Armeni, (Armenian: "Սուրբ Ղազարոս Կղզի", English: "Saint Lazarus Island"), a small island in the Venetian Lagoon, lying immediately west of the Lido; completely occupied by an Armenian Catholic monastery that is the mother-house of the Mekhitarist Order. It is considered as one of the world's foremost centers of Armenian culture.
The beginnings of the island's Armenian history started when Mekhitar da Pietro and his seventeen monks built a monastery, restored the old church, and enlarged the island to its present 30,000 square metres, about four times its original area. 
Its founder's temperament and natural gifts for scholarly pursuits immediately set the Mekhitarist Order in the forefront of Oriental studies: the monastery published Armenian historical, philological and literary works and related material, renowned for their scholarship and accuracy as well as for the beauty of the editions, on its own multilingual presses. 
The island also houses a 150,000-volume library, as well as a museum with over 4,000 Armenian manuscripts and many Arab, Indian and Egyptian artifacts collected by the monks or received as gifts.
The Mekhitarist Order also publishes the longest-running Armenian periodical, the academic "Pazmaveb".
Collegio Armeno in Rome.
Gregory XIII in 1584 had decreed the erection of a college for the Armenians (Bull "Romana Ecclesia"), but the plan fell through. When the Collegio Urbano of the Propaganda was founded later, there were always some places for Armenian students to study. 
Finally, in 1885, thanks to the generosity of some wealthy Armenians and of Leo XIII, the Collegio Armeno (The Pontifical Armenian College) was granted the Church of S. Nicola da Tolentino in the street of that name and the original wishes and decree of Gregory XIII relaized after so many years. 
The president of Collegio Armeno is an Armenian prelate; the students numbering from 20 to 25 study and attend lectures at the Collegio Urbano of the Propaganda, and wear red sashes and large-sleeved Oriental cloaks.
Moorat Raphael College in Venice.
Two wealthy Armenians from India, namely Mkertich Murat and Edward Raphael made donations to establish an Armenian college in Venice that was named Murat-Raphael College (Collegio Armeno Moorat Raphael) in honour of the donors. 
The property housing the college was the Palazzo Ca'Zenobio, built in prestigious Baroque style in 1690, and a subtle example of Venetian art and life in the 17th century, as testified by the beautiful Sala degli Specchi and Sala degli Stucchi. The college also maintained high academic level of education, reputable teaching staff, both clergy and laity, and the college had beautiful gardens. Moorat Raphael College has been closed recently, and the location serves as a motel, but occasionally art exhibitions, summer schools and workshops are organized to keep the special artistic atmosphere of the college.
Cardinal Krikor Bedros Aghajanian and the Vatican.
The Georgian-born Cardinal Grégoire-Pierre Agagianian (Krikor Bedros Aghajanian () (September 18, 1895—May 16, 1971) was a leading prelate of the Armenian Catholic Church. He served as Patriarch Catholicos of Cilicia for Armenian Catholics from 1937 to 1962, and Prefect of the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith (Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples) in the Roman Curia from 1958 to 1970. Agagianian was elevated to the cardinalate in 1946 by Pope Pius XII.
Cardinal Agagianian was born in Akhaltsikhe (in modern Georgia), he studied at the seminary in Tbilisi and the Pontifical Urbaniana University in Rome. He was ordained as a priest on December 23, 1917. He entered the teaching Faculty of the Pontifical Armenian College in Rome in 1921; he became later the Rector of the same college from 1932 to 1937. Appointed Titular Bishop of "Comana" on July 11, 1935, he was elected Patriarch Catholicos of Cilicia of All Armenians by the Armenian Catholic Synod, on November 30, 1937, with the name of Gregory Peter XV. On February 18, 1946 he was elevated to the College of Cardinals by Pope Pius XII.
During the 1958 papal conclave, following the death of Pius XII, Agagianian received a large number of votes, eventually approaching the majority needed for election. This was confirmed by the elected pope himself, Pope John XXIII. The newly elected pope John XXIII appointed Cardinal Agagianian to be a member of the leading body of the Second Vatican Council together with Cardinals Leo Joseph Suenens, Julius Döpfner and Giacomo Lercaro. Aghajanian was Pro-Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith from 1958 and full Prefect from July 18, 1960 to October 19, 1970. He died in Rome on May 16, 1971.
Famous Italians of Armenian Origin.
Among the most famous Armenian names in Italy in earlier centuries was Gjuro Baglivi (Giorgio Baglivi), whom the Enciclopedia Italiana (known as Treccani) holds to be "one of the most eminent men in the history of medicine". Baglivi was the name of a doctor of Lecce who adopted him as an orphan of a Julfa family. Other famous Italians of Armenian origin are the Venetian engineer Anton Sourian, the Venetian abbot and author Zaccaria Seriman, the poetess Vittoria Aganoor and the chemist Giacomo Luigi Ciamician.
In spite of their small numbers, the Armenians in Italy have achieved notable successes in the country's cultural life. For example, often mentioned are the book and film critic Glauco Viazzi (Jusik Achrafian, 1921–1981), the art critic Eduardo Arslan (Yetwart, 1899–1968), the musician Angelo Ephrikian (1913–1982), the Arslan family of ear, nose, and throat specialists in Padua and Genoa, and Alessandro Megighian (1928–1981), former president of the European Academy of Gnathology. The first three were commemorated in a praiseworthy initiative from 1982 to 1984 in Venice, under the general title "Armenians in Italian culture."
A prominent living writer and academic is Antonia Arslan, from Padua.
A recently known famous Italian with Armenian ancestry is the showman Paolo Kessisoglu (1969), whose grandfather, born "Keshishian", moved from Anatolia to Genoa at the beginning of 20th century fearing aggressions in Turkey (though having already changed his surname to a more "Turkish version").
Gevorg Petrosyan is a famous Armenian kickboxer and muay thai fighter living in Italy and fighting out of Satori Gladiatorium in Gorizia, Italy.
Community.
In 2000, the issue of Recognition of the Armenian Genocide was floored as a bill in the Italian Parliament that went on to recognize the Armenian Genocide. A memorial dedicated to the victims of the Armenian Genocide was inaugurated in 2006 in the center of Rome.
Religion.
Besides the San Lazzaro degli Armeni, Italy has a number of very important churches and religious establishments.
Also operating are the Levonian Monastery and the Armenian Immaculate Conception Order.

</doc>
<doc id="19317884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317884" title="Theater in Michigan">
Theater in Michigan

Outside Metro Detroit:
Metro Detroit:
City of Detroit:

</doc>
<doc id="19317885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317885" title="Ministerial Conference">
Ministerial Conference

The Ministerial Conference is the top decision making body of the World Trade Organization (WTO). There have been nine conferences from 1996 to 2013, usually every two years.
Ministerial conferences.
First ministerial conference.
The inaugural ministerial conference was held in Singapore in 1996. Its primary purpose was to initiate an international effort among global trading nations to overhaul the structure and mechanisms of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) while preserving the considerable progress and success achieved by that system since its inception in 1948. 
Disagreements, largely between developed and developing economies, emerged over four issues initiated by this conference; afterward, these were collectively referred to as the "Singapore issues".
Second ministerial conference.
Was held in Geneva in Switzerland.
Third ministerial conference.
The third conference in Seattle, United States ended in failure, with massive demonstrations and police and National Guard crowd control efforts drawing worldwide attention.
Fourth ministerial conference.
Was held in Doha In Persian Gulf nation of Qatar. The Doha Development Round was launched at the conference. The conference also approved the joining of China, which became the 143rd member to join.
Fifth ministerial conference.
The ministerial conference was held in Cancún, Mexico, aiming at forging agreement on the Doha round. An alliance of 22 southern states, the G20 (led by India, China and Brazil), resisted demands from the North for agreements on the so-called "Singapore issues" and called for an end to agricultural subsidies within the EU and the US. The talks broke down without progress.
Sixth ministerial conference.
The sixth WTO Conference Ministerial was held in Hong Kong from 13 December – 18 December 2005. It was considered vital if the four-year-old Doha Development Agenda negotiations were to move forward sufficiently to conclude the round in 2006. In this meeting, countries agreed to phase out all their agricultural export subsidies by the end of 2013, and terminate any cotton export subsidies by the end of 2006. Further concessions to developing countries included an agreement to introduce duty-free, tariff-free access for goods from the Least Developed Countries, following the Everything But Arms initiative of the European Union — but with up to 3% of tariff lines exempted. Other major issues were left for further negotiation to be completed by the end of 2006.
Seventh ministerial conference.
Was held 30 November – 2 December 2009 in Geneva, Switzerland. The general theme for discussion was "The WTO, the Multilateral Trading System and the Current Global Economic Environment". 
Eighth ministerial conference.
Was held 15–17 December 2011 in Geneva, Switzerland. Membership agreement where made for Russia, Samoa, and Montenegro.
Ninth ministerial conference.
Was held 3–6 December 2013 in Bali, Indonesia. 159 members of World Trade Organization agreed to the Bali Package which eases barriers to international trade.
Doha Round.
The WTO launched the current round of negotiations, the Doha Development Agenda (DDA) or Doha Round, at the Fourth Ministerial Conference in Doha, Qatar in November 2001. The Doha round was to be an ambitious effort to make globalisation more inclusive and help the world's poor, particularly by slashing barriers and subsidies in farming. The initial agenda comprised both further trade liberalization and new rule-making, underpinned by commitments to strengthen substantial assistance to developing countries. 
The negotiations have been highly contentious and agreement has not been reached, despite the intense negotiations at several Ministerial Conferences and at other sessions. , disagreements still continued over several key areas including agriculture subsidies.

</doc>
<doc id="19317888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317888" title="Hugo Bruckmann">
Hugo Bruckmann

Hugo Bruckmann (13 October 1863, Munich – 3 September 1941, Munich) was a German publisher.
Bruckmann was the younger son of the publisher Friedrich Bruckmann. After his father's death in 1898 Hugo and his brother Alphons became the owners of F. Bruckmann KAG in Munich. Bruckmann and his wife Elsa Bruckmann were among the early and highly influential promoters of Adolf Hitler, and they helped him with gaining access to, and acceptance within, upper-class circles in Munich.
The Bruckmanns were from 1928 public promoters of the National Socialist Society for German Culture. As from 1930 Hugo Bruckmann was a board member of the "Kampfbund" for German culture, founded by Alfred Rosenberg, and from 1932 until his death in 1941 he was a NSDAP member of the Reichstag. After Oskar von Millers resignation in 1933 Bruckmann became a member of the board for the German museums. His personal influence on Hitler were to some extent to reduce the political interference within the cultural sphere. The attempt to ban Jewish books from libraries was successfully opposed by Bruckmann.
After the outbreak of World War II Bruckmann was, because of personal connections, able to have his publishing house declared of special importance for the war effort. After his death in 1941 he was honored with a state funeral.
Further reading.
Othmar Plöckinger, "Geschichte eines Buches: Adolf Hitlers Mein Kampf 1922-1945" 
Henry Ashby Turner, jr., "Hitler's secret pamphlet for industrialists, 1927".
See also.
Alfred Schuler

</doc>
<doc id="19317892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317892" title="WCMR">
WCMR

WCMR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19317904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317904" title="Fred (band)">
Fred (band)

Fred were a five-piece Irish alternative band from Cork. They released four albums, the last of which, "Leaving My Empire", was released in Ireland in 2011.
Career.
The "Fred EP" was released in 2000. A debut album, "Can't Stop, I'm Being Timed" was released in 2002. The single "October", released in 2004, was taken from their second album. Two follow-up singles taken from the album were released in 2005: "Summer's Coming" and "Four Chords and the Truth".
Fred released their second album, "Making Music So You Don't Have To" independently, debuting it to a sold-out Cork Opera House in 2005. It peaked at No. 70 in the Irish Albums Chart, spending one week there. The single "Good One" (which eventually appeared on their third album) was released in June 2007 and gained huge support from both national and international radio stations.
Fred's third album, "Go God Go" was released in Ireland on R.C.M Music the band's own label and distributed via Faction Records on 30 May 2008 and via United For Opportunity in the U.S. in 2009. The album was recorded in Love Tap Studios in Ireland and mixed by Mark Wallis in London. It spent a total of two weeks on the Ireland Albums Top 75, climbing as far as No. 30 in the Irish Albums Chart. The singles, "Skyscrapers" (released 16 May 2008) and "Running" (released 8 August 2008) received a significant amount of airplay on national radio during the summer of 2008. A third single from the album, "The Lights" was released in Ireland on 14 November 2008. Fred performed at a number of Irish festivals including Electric Picnic 2008 and Hard Working Class Heroes. They played their debut show in Canada at NXNE in June 2008 and played at Pop Montreal and the Halifax Pop Explosion to support their "Go God Go"'s album's release in Canada in October. Their cover of the Irene Cara song "Fame", recorded on "The Ray D'Arcy Show" on Today FM, featured on "Even Better Than the Disco Thing" released in December 2008.
On 20 January 2009, it was reported that thousands of euro worth of equipment owned by the band had been stolen from their van parked across from Anglesea Garda Station in Cork, just as the band were to begin a North American tour. The missing gear was recovered within 48 hours. The following week, Fred appeared on "The Cafe" on 30 January 2009, where reference was made to the incident and it was explained that the "amateur" thieves had attempted to pawn the weapons off only to be foiled by leaving their addresses in the shop. The band played their single "Good One" on "Tubridy Tonight" on 21 March 2009.
Fred's product has been used by the BBC amongst others as theme music to television shows. The single "Skyscrapers" was awarded iTunes Canada's influential "Single of the Week" accolade in October 2008. In January 2009, the band were nominated in the Hope for 2009 category at the Meteor Music Awards. They have performed at festivals such as Oxegen, Electric Picnic and Hard Working Class Heroes. They were also the first band to perform at the renovated Thomond Park, home of Munster Rugby.
Fred were the first band to perform at the renovated Thomond Park in Limerick. They played three singles, "Running", "Skyscrapers" and "Good One" before Munster played Ospreys in the quarter-final of the Heineken Cup on 12 April 2009. Fred's performance at the Cork Midsummer Festival's spiegeltent on 15 June 2009 was named as "Gig of the Week" by "The Irish Times". Fred's early Saturday performance on the Green Spheres stage in front of a large crowd at Oxegen 2009 was described as "everything that a festival band should be–fun, energetic and visibly having a superb time".
On March 19, 2010, the band were announced as one of the first acts expected to perform at that year's Indiependence.
In November 2010, Fred travelled to Montreal to record their new album with producer Howard Bilerman (and former Arcade Fire member) at his studio Hotel2tango (Which he runs the Hotel2Tango recording studio in Montreal along with Efrim Menuck and Thierry Amar of Godspeed You! Black Emperor and A Silver Mt. Zion, and Radwan Moumneh) . Fred spent 3 weeks recording with Howard and returned to Ireland at the start of December 2010. In January 2011 they travelled to London and mixed the new record with Ben Hiller.
On April 11, 2011 the band streamed their new album Leaving My Empire on Soundcloud. The album, released in Ireland on Friday, April 15, 2011, went straight into the Irish Album charts at No. 23, and The Indie charts at No. 10. The Irish national press received the record with High praise with State Magazine calling it "A burst of Technicolor glory", Irish Independent describing it as "Sprawling, ambitious and intoxicating", Heineken Music calling it "A joy to behold", and Hot press stating the album "has seen them ascend to a new level of brilliance". In August 2011 'We are the city now' was used in a national Canadian commercial for TBooth Wireless.
In October Fred played during the CMJ Music Marathon in New York city they were joined by Julie Feeny on the trip as a guest pianist & singer
Fred appeared on the 10th anniversary of 'Other Voices' in Dingle in December 2011. Alongside Wild Beasts, Edwyn Collins, Ham Sandwich, Spiritulized, Lisa Hannigan, The Frames. They performed in the IMRO Other room and performed 'Stereoscope'. On New Year's Eve Fred performed at the Vicar St in Dublin for the 'Mixed Tape' concert. Other artists performing on the night included Wallis Bird, Lisa Hannigan, Maria Doyle Kennedy, Jerry fish, Rhob Cunningham, Jerry Fish & Tucan. Fred performed a version of Jackie Wilson's 'Higher & Higher' with James Vincent McMorrow on Lead vocals, They also did a version of Bruce Springsteens 'Hungary Heart' with their Drummer Justin O'Mahony playing guitar and singing lead vocals.
Fred's song 'The Life behind' was used as a soundtrack to the gorilla exhibition 'Romantic Ireland from the streets' which was erected on St.Patricks day 2012 on the former Anglo Irish banks HQ along Dublin's Quays. The Anglo Irish bank is said to be the central player in the banking crisis in Ireland. The exhibition was responded to the Yeats poem 'September 1913' which was recited by spoken word artist Stephen James Smith alongside the song 'The Life Behind'
On March 21, 2012 'Leaving My Empire' was released in Canada on Sparks Music. Fred performed during the week of its release at 'Canadian Music Week' in Toronto. They appeared on Canada AM on the 21st of March, and on March 24 they appeared on CBC's 'Q' with Jian Ghomeshi. Again the record was received with high praise in Canada, Jian Ghomeshi saying "...pop rock with effortless authenticity, FRED are a rewarding listen." Alan Cross "...if you have room in your heart for one more band then you may find yourself smitten with FRED very quickly." The McGill Tribune "...poignant melodies, poetic lyrics"
Break-up.
Fred announced they were to break up in November 2013. The announcement included details of a final tour of Ireland to thank their fans. Their "Last Hurrah" concert in the Pavilion in Cork on 28 December 2013 sold out in 14 minutes, with the result that a second concert entitled "The Second Last hurrah" was announced for the 27th December 2013.
Awards.
In January 2009, the band were nominated in the Hope for 2009 category at the Meteor Music Awards. They lost to Wallis Bird at the ceremony on 17 March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19317909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317909" title="Craterellus lutescens">
Craterellus lutescens

Craterellus lutescens, or Cantharellus lutescens or Cantharellus xanthopus or Cantharellus aurora, commonly known as Yellow Foot, is a species of mushroom. It is closely related to "Craterellus tubaeformis". Its hymenium is usually orange or white, whereas the hymenium of "C. tubaeformis" is grey. "C. lutescens" is also usually found in wetlands.
Description.
The species is more brightly colored than "Craterellus tubaeformis". The cap is lobed irregularly and is brown to bistre. The hymenium and stipe are also more brightly colored than "C. tubaeformis". The hymenium is almost smooth or slightly veined and is pink. The stipe is yellow-orange.
Habitat.
The species can commonly be found in large colonies in some coniferous forests, under spruce, mountain fir trees, or pinewoods near the seashore.

</doc>
<doc id="19317915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317915" title="CIT du Haut-Saint-Laurent">
CIT du Haut-Saint-Laurent

The CIT du Haut-Saint-Laurent ("Conseil Intermunicipal de Transport du Haut-Saint-Laurent") provides a bus service, operated under the auspices of Le Haut-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality, in southwestern Quebec, Canada. The CITHSL serves the communities, within the region, of Godmanchester, Howick, Huntingdon, Ormstown, Très-Saint-Sacrement and also Sainte-Martine, in the adjoining Region of Beauharnois-Salaberry, and Mercier in Roussillon Region.
Fixed route bus service.
While demand response service is available in all of the above communities, CIT also operates one fixed commuter service. The line operates seven days a week, with reduced frequency on weekends. The route starts at Huntingdon and runs along Highway 138 to Montreal; it terminates at either Angrignon station on the Montreal Metro or continues to downtown near the Terminus Centre-Ville bus station. Due to congestion, as of 25 August 2008, the downtown stop was moved out of the bus terminus. Originally, it was to be relocated nearby on Boulevard René-Lévesque along with the CIT du Sud-Ouest (CITSO), but were later moved to rue St-Antoine and Mansfield. Along its route, the bus also stops in Châteauguay and Kahnawake, immediately south of the St. Lawrence River, but does not provide service between Montreal and those communities, which have their own bus service provided by CITSO.

</doc>
<doc id="19317930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317930" title="Anchor Gaslamp">
Anchor Gaslamp

The Anchor Gaslamp is a Christian community in downtown San Diego, California. It is missional in intent and incarnational in practice. Since the first gathering on Easter Sunday in 2008 the group has attracted a diverse congregation.
Gatherings.
Anchor Gaslamp meets on the first three Sundays of the month in the heart of downtown San Diego's Gaslamp Quarter. The gatherings are held upstairs in The Keating Hotel located on the corner of 5th & F St.). On the other Sundays, the Community joins together for Anchor in Action which are mission-driven events all over the city, with the sole purpose of "not just going to church, but being the church." These Sundays have ranged in activities from homeless barbecues to delivering truckloads of donated goods to orphanages and women's recovery homes in Baja California.
The larger community is made up of other smaller communities that meet throughout the week. All other meetings, services, or mission-events are derived out of these communities, which meet in various locations throughout the city.
History.
The Church began as a church planting project of The Anchor Church, formerly Revival Tabernacle, located in the Oak Park area of San Diego. It was initially established as a Bible study group under the direction of Pastors Karlton Edison and Vince Larson in 2007. During this time the group met in the Downtown San Diego area, in locations which varied from restaurants to hotels to coffee houses until its first Sunday Gathering in a nightclub on Easter Sunday, 2008.
Anchor Gaslamp is a nondenominational church, whose doctrinal view is in alignment with the Nicene Creed.
Leadership.
For the sake of accountability and authenticity, Anchor Gaslamp adapted a Biblically-based eldership model. The two founding pastors are Karlton Edison and Vince Larson, both Pentecostal ministers in their 20s.
Karlton Edison, a native San Diegan, graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Theology from Christian Life College in 2004. Since then he has attended Bethel Theological Seminary (The San Diego-based campus of Bethel University), working toward a Master’s Degree in Theology. After receiving his ministerial license in January, 2007, Edison joined the United States Air Force as a lieutenant, and plans to become a licensed chaplain as soon as his Master’s Program is completed.
Vince and Nancy Larson have been married for seven years and have served as Administrative Pastor and assistant for three years at a large church in town. After founding Anchor Gaslamp, Vince Larson began teaching high school at a local private school as a day job. Vince received his ministerial license in January 2007, and is enrolled at a local college where he is working towards a double major in Psychology and Communications. Larson was described by the "San Diego Reader" as "looking every inch the hipster".

</doc>
<doc id="19317941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317941" title="Asturian miners' strike of 1934">
Asturian miners' strike of 1934

The Asturian miners' strike of 1934 was a major strike action, against the entry of the Spanish Confederation of the Autonomous Right (CEDA) into the Spanish government on October 6, which took place in Asturias in northern Spain, that developed into a revolutionary uprising. It was crushed by the Spanish Navy and the Spanish Republican Army, the latter using mainly Moorish troops from Spanish Morocco. 
Francisco Franco controlled the movement of the troops, aircraft, warships and armoured trains used in the crushing of the revolution. Visiting Oviedo after the rebellion had been put down he said; "this war is a frontier war and its fronts are socialism, communism and whatever attacks civilization in order to replace it with barbarism." Though the forces sent to the north by Franco consisted of the Spanish Foreign Legion and the Moroccan colonial troops known as Regulares, the right-wing press portrayed the Asturian rebels in xenophobic and anti-Semitic terms as the lackeys of a foreign Jewish-Bolshevik conspiracy.
Background.
Following the victory of the parties of the right in the general election of 1933, the new government, led by Alejandro Lerroux, met a stiff resistance from the leftist parties. As a result, the anarchists and communists called a general strike. However the strike immediately exposed differences on the left between the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) linked Unión General de Trabajadores (UGT), which organised the strike and the anarcho-syndicalist trade union, the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT), which was sceptical of the value of strike action as a political tactic. As a result, the strike failed in much of Spain. A "Catalan republic" lasted just ten hours, and despite an attempt at a general stoppage in Madrid, other strikes did not endure and Asturias was left to fight alone.
Asturian miners' strike.
In several mining towns in Asturias, local unions gathered small arms and were determined to see the strike through. The strike began on the evening of October 4, with the miners occupying several towns, attacking and seizing local Civil and Assault Guard barracks. The following day saw columns of miners advancing along the road to Oviedo, the provincial capital. With the exception of two barracks where fighting with government troops continued, the city was taken by October 6. The miners proceeded to occupy several other towns, most notably the large industrial centre of La Felguera, and set up town assemblies or 'revolutionary committees', to govern towns they controlled.
The government in Madrid now called on two of its senior generals Manuel Goded and Francisco Franco to co-ordinate suppression of what had become a major rebellion. Goded and Franco recommended that regular units of colonial troops from Spanish Morocco be used instead of the inexperienced conscripts of the Peninsular Army. The Minister of War Diego Hidalgo agreed that the latter would be at a disadvantage in combat against the well organized miners, who were skilled in the use of dynamite.
Columns of Civil Guards, Moroccan regulares and the Spanish Foreign Legion were accordingly organized under General Eduardo López Ochoa and Colonel Juan de Yague to relieve the besieged government garrisons and to retake the towns from the miners. These troops were carried on the CNT-controlled railways to Asturias without resistance by the anarchists. During the operations, an autogyro made a reconnaissance flight for the government troops, in what was the first military employment of a rotorcraft. On October 7, delegates from the anarchist-controlled seaport towns of Gijón and Avilés arrived in Oviedo to request weapons to defend against a landing of government troops. Ignored by the socialist UGT-controlled committee, the delegates returned to their town empty-handed and government troops met little resistance as they recaptured Gijón and Avilés the following day. The capture of the two key ports effectively spelled the end of the strike.
Aftermath.
In the armed action taken against the uprising some 3,000 miners were killed in the fighting with another 30,000–40,000 taken prisoner, and another thousands sacked from their jobs. The repression of the uprising carried out by the colonial troops was very harsh including looting, rape and summary executions. According to Hugh Thomas, 2,000 persons died in the uprising: 230-260 members of the army forces, 33 priests, 1,500 miners in combat and 200 killed in the repression (among them the journalist Luis de Sirval, who pointed out the tortures and executions and was arrested and killed by three officers of the Legion). The government suspended Constitutional guarantees, almost all the left's newspapers were closed as they were owned by the parties which promoted the uprising, hundreds of town councils and mixed juries were suspended and the torture in prisons was widespread as it was during all the Republic's lifetime.
Franco was convinced that the workers uprising had been 'carefully prepared by the agents of Moscow', fed by material he gathered from the Entente Anticommuniste of Geneva. Franco believed that he was justified in the brutal use of troops against Spanish civilians. Historian Paul Preston: "Unmoved by the fact that the central symbol of rightist values was the reconquest of Spain from the Moors, Franco did not hesitate to ship Moorish mercenaries to fight in Asturias, the only part of Spain where the crescent had never flown. He saw no contradiction about using the Moors because he regarded left-wing workers with the same racialist contempt he possessed towards the tribesmen of the Rif." 

</doc>
<doc id="19317948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317948" title="Harry Bright">
Harry Bright

Harry James Bright (September 22, 1929 – March 13, 2000) was an American first baseman, third baseman, utilityman and scout in Major League Baseball, and a longtime player and manager in minor league baseball. Born in Kansas City, Missouri, Bright stood tall, weighed , and threw and batted right-handed.
Versatile journeyman.
During his minor league playing career, Bright was known for his versatility in the field — he played every infield position, caught and played the outfield — his batting ability, and his frequent changes of address: in a 12-year stretch, through , he played for 14 different minor league teams and at least four different MLB organizations. He led the Class C West Texas-New Mexico League in batting average in 1950 with a .413 mark. Two years later, as the 22-year-old playing manager of the Janesville Cubs of the Class D Wisconsin State League, Bright led the league in runs batted in with 101 — although Janesville finished seventh in the eight-team WSL. 
Bright's best minor league season came when he was a 30-year-old veteran playing for the 1960 Salt Lake City Bees in the Pacific Coast League. He slugged 27 home runs, led the PCL with 119 RBI and batted .313. Bright was a fixture in the Pacific Coast League of the 1950s, having played three and a half seasons for the Sacramento Solons (1955–58). He became a resident of Sacramento, and later managed the Solons in .
Major League career.
Bright's first Major League trials came with the Pittsburgh Pirates, where he played in parts of the and seasons, and spent all of on the Pirate roster, appearing in 40 games in a utility role. On December 16, 1960, he was traded by the Pirates to the American League's new expansion franchise, the Washington Senators, where he played two full Major League seasons and enjoyed his most sustained success. In , he played in 113 games, mostly at first base, swatted 17 homers, knocked in 67 RBI and batted .273. But at season's end, the Senators swapped the 33-year-old Bright to the Cincinnati Reds for a young first baseman, Rogelio Álvarez. 
Bright batted only once for the Reds before his contract was sold on April 21 to the defending world champion New York Yankees, who were seeking a right-handed bat off their bench. He stuck with the club all season long, batting .236 with seven homers in 157 at-bats as the Yanks copped another AL pennant.
1963 World Series.
Then, in Game 1 of the 1963 World Series, Bright made history when he was sent up as a ninth-inning pinch hitter against Sandy Koufax of the Los Angeles Dodgers. Bright struck out, enabling Koufax to set a new mark (broken five years later by Bob Gibson) for strikeouts (15) in a World Series game. Said Bright: "It's a hell of a thing. I wait 17 years to get into a World Series. Then I finally get up there, and 69,000 people are yelling — yelling for me to strike out." To compound matters, the game was played in Bright's home ballpark, Yankee Stadium.
Bright struck out again in his only other World Series at bat, and by he had returned to the minors with the AAA Richmond Virginians. His MLB career ended in , as a pinch hitter for the Chicago Cubs. All told, Bright appeared in 309 MLB games over all or parts of eight seasons, batting .255 with 32 homers and 126 RBI.
Post-playing career.
In 1967, Bright "resumed" his minor league managerial career in the farm system of the Chicago Cubs after a 15-year hiatus, taking over the reins of the Quincy Cubs of the Class A Midwest League, a decade and a half after his stint as playing skipper of the Cubbies' Janesville affiliate. He later managed in the Kansas City Royals, Oakland Athletics, Milwaukee Brewers and Atlanta Braves organizations, and scouted for the Montreal Expos. He died in Sacramento at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="19317959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317959" title="Bağbanlar">
Bağbanlar

Bağbanlar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19317977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19317977" title="King's Manor, Southwark">
King's Manor, Southwark

The King's Manor - formally 'The City of London’s King's Manor of the Town and Borough of Southwark' - is an institution of the City of London which is not a Livery Company as it is territorially rather than trade based, being the organisation of the Juror freemen of the Court Leet. The Manor covers the area from the western-side of Borough High Street, Southwark, to the borders of Newington and Lambeth. The manor originally lay in Surrey.
The City of London acquired the ‘borough of Southwark’ from the Crown in 1327, nicknamed the 'Guildable Manor' since 1377. In 1550 the City purchased from Edward VI's government the manors to the south of this on the west and the east of the high street. The City's royal charter of 1550 makes difficult reading because the three manors being described are referred to as 'The Town and Borough of Southwark' (Guildable), 'Our Lordship and Manor of Southwark' (King's) and 'Our Manor and Borough of Southwark' (Great Liberty), all three together are termed ‘The Borough and Town of Southwark and all of its parishes and precincts aforesaid’ (all text in Latin). Today the City officers refer to the three manors as the 'Town and Borough of Southwark', as stated on the Courts Leet summons, on which none of the nicknames appear.
Earliest beginnings: The 'Abbot of Bermondsey's manor of Southwark'.
At the time of Domesday Book in 1086 the Southwark and Bermondsey areas were owned by the king and by the Archbishop of Canterbury, the latter’s holding was the manor along the eastern side of the high street. The king owned the northern bridge-head or borough area and the land on the western side of the highway, over to Lambeth and also the areas of Bermondsey and Rotherhithe to the east of the Canterbury manor.
Before Henry VIII acquired the manor in 1536 it belonged to Bermondsey Abbey. A fascinating early plan-map, discovered in the Duchy of Lancaster archive, shows Southwark at some point between the Dissolution and the 1550 charter. Perhaps it was prepared with reference to the jurisdictional disputes with the king’s agents, the City and its manor of the Guildable, as the boundary points are shown on it. A date of 1543 has been assigned to this. On this plan the City’s manor at the northern end of the high street is called ‘"the lyberte off the mayre". The later nicknames 'King's manor', and occasionally the 'Queen's manor', for the western Bermondsey Abbey manor, are used only after the crown had sold it to the City; the nickname probably derives from the prominent royal mansion/ mint there; Henry VIII only held it from 1536. This western manor area is delineated, ambiguously, as the "liberte off the manor". In fact the plan refers to the eastern manor acquired from Canterbury, the so called ‘Great Liberty’, as "the kynges lyberte". In John Silvester's (Recorder~High Steward in 1807) notes and procedures of the Southwark manors he also uses the abbreviations of "the borough" for the Guildable, "the manor" for the King's and "the liberty" for the Great Liberty.
The first post Domesday fracture of this extensive royal estate is a result of the creation by one Aylwin ‘Cild’ of a priory at Bermondsey in 1082, but he also assigned rents from properties in the City to a Cluniac house in France, presumably for the purpose of supporting this church. Members of the Order arrived in Bermondsey in 1089 to formalise the relation. The priory was dedicated to ‘St Saviour’. We know little of this benefactor save that he was a London merchant but seems to have been (by name and title) an Englishman rather than a Norman.
It has been suggested that the mercantile dynasty of the early mediaeval period called ‘Ailwyn’ were his descendants and that Henry Fitz-Ailwyn, the first known Mayor of London (ca 1189) was one of these; we know that his daughter in law was interred in the Priory church.
The Priory’s, (from 1399 an Abbey) main site can be identified today by Abbey Street and Bermondsey Square. In Domesday 'Bermondsey' is described as ‘held’ by King William I but before him by 'Earl' Harold i.e. Harold Godwinson. According to the Annals of the Abbey, King William Rufus gave the manor of Bermondsey (along with Rotherhithe) to the Priory in 1092.
The priory became exceptionally well endowed and eventually as an abbey had lands all over the country. However, one of its earliest forays was into local real estate but it was constrained by the neighbouring manors, including Walworth to the south, held by Canterbury. Nevertheless, it approached Henry I in 1103/04 to acquire what was held directly by the crown there. This was all of the territory on the western side of the high street, designated by this writer the ‘Royal Manor’ for convenience; it was described as ‘the hide of Southwark’, i.e. of one hide, as a part of the king’s demesne.
This transaction did not include the far north-western part of the area. This, presumably, had already been granted by the crown to another party. It was later described as 'Wideflete' or 'the Wyldes', this was very poor quality low-lying flood-plain as its original name indicates. The priory had this granted to them, shortly afterwards, by Robert Marmion in 1113. He was the hereditary King's Champion and certainly a direct tenant of the Norman kings. It was described as of "one hide, seventy acres and a mill". It was later to be called 'Paris(h) Garden' and is best identified today as the northern part of Blackfriars Road.
Therefore by 1113, Bermondsey Priory had control of most of the Southwark area, all of that which had previously constituted the 'Royal Manor', except the borough. There is an anomaly to this territory: The Canterbury holding on the eastern side of the high street has a small part detached from it. This, at least in part, derives from what was the small de Ardern family property which occupied the corner of the junction of the high street, Long Lane and 'old' Kent street (Tabard Street), presumably this had been acquired from Canterbury after 1086. It may have been a hamlet that had congealed at what is the junction of the Roman roads now known as Stane Street and Watling Street. This too was given to Bermondsey priory in 1122, by the Ardern’s along with St George’s church which is in that precinct. It clearly is in the ‘wrong’ manor as the high street is the natural border. However, at the period under scrutiny it was just a small part of the extensive combined area held by the Priory occupying the western side of the high street, which as shown above was already owned by it. This area is coincident with St George's ancient parish. Obviously, this largely open area was assigned to that church as an administrative convenience. The Rectors were appointed by the Priory/Abbey until the transfer to Henry VIII in 1536. The main open ground, sparsely populated, of the manor was assigned to this church as its outlying parish and hence it acquired the alternative epithet of 'St George's Fields'.
To use the post-Reformation titles of these areas we can see that by 1122 Bermondsey Abbey owned all of the so-called 'King's', 'Clink' and 'Paris Garden' manors, as well as Bermondsey and Rotherhithe. Canterbury owned Walworth as well as the 'Great Liberty'. The crown controlled only the western side of the 'borough' or 'Guildable' manor, the eastern part being controlled by the de Warrennes successors to the Godwins' sub manor.
From this large combined area Bermondsey Priory divided a part which was let-out to one Ordgar the Rich; just when is not clear. However, it was from Ordgar (with the consent of Bermondsey Priory) that the Bishop of Winchester acquired it, no earlier than 1144/49, this was for the creation of a palace near London to enable the Bishop to carry out his political duties. The part acquired by Winchester was the nucleus of the manor later known as 'The Clink'. The parts remaining to Bermondsey Priory were 'Wideflete' and the remnant of the 'Royal Manor' (i.e. less the 'Clink') along with the Ardern property. The 'Wideflete'/ Paris Garden was demised to the Templars (on the opposite side of the river to their 'New Temple') in "1166".
The manorial area that was left was informally referred to as 'le weste socne' (i.e. the 'soke' west of the 'high' street) in the thirteenth century and as the 'Abbot's manor' later. From some point in the fifteenth century the Brandon family became the King’s Marshals; as such they controlled the two ancient royal prisons on the eastern side of the high street, the King's Bench and the Marshalsea. As they became more prominent at court they grew wealthier and acquired parts of the western side of the high street from the Abbey to create a large mansion and grounds including, notably, Moulton Close which is now the park around the Imperial War Museum. The house became known as Brandon Place. Charles Brandon, the last of the male line, became Marshal in 1510 and was created Duke of Suffolk in 1514; he married Henry VIII's sister in 1516. The mansion then becomes known as Suffolk Place.
Henry took an interest in Suffolk Place and acquired it from Charles in 1536. Shortly after, in June 1536, the St Saviour's Abbey of Bermondsey was induced to 'grant' its land to the king, part of the Dissolution process, hence he now owned all of the Abbey’s manor west of the high street. However, Henry gave this building to Queen Jane Seymour in 1537, mother of Edward VI, who died of post-natal complications shortly after his birth. In 1538 Henry acquired from Thomas Cranmer the Archbishop of Canterbury's manor on the eastern side of the high street; it seems it was his intention to create a new hunting park out of the two areas and the Brandon mansion was to act as its lodge.
The mansion is shown on the 'Lancaster Plan' of 1543 and there called "De manor place". In any case Henry seems to have lost interest in the project before his death in 1547. From 1545 until 1551 it was the Mint, supplementing the main mint at the Tower of London. This part of the borough is still called 'the Mint'. These manors belonged to the king for only fourteen and twelve years respectively, as in 1550 the City acquired both of the properties. The building then reverted to being a royal mansion; in 1554 Queen Mary I stayed overnight with her new husband King Philip II of Spain as part of their progress to London. In 1556 she granted it to the Archbishop of York for his London house, but it was soon leased out in parts for income. Unfortunately, although the park behind it and various buildings at its lodge or gatehouse were transferred to the City the mansion and garden where retained by the king; this curtillage might be what is delineated by the semi-circular line around the building in the 'Lancaster Plan'. These had been specifically excluded from the City’s jurisdiction by clauses in the charter. This allowed it to become a haunt and refuge for undesirable persons and activities (see Alsatia). So notorious a place did it become that it was included in an Act of 1697 to allow the Sheriff a power of 'posse comitatus' (a writ to raise an armed group) and enter into it to evict its inhabitants. However, it reverted to its bad ways and another, specific, Act of 1723 was required to clear it out for good. The City's jurisdiction was now complete.
Annual Court Day.
"The Court Leet and View of Frankpledge with the Court Baron of the Lord Mayor and Commonalty of the City of London" is now summoned for each of the three City manors once a year, usually on the second Wednesday in November, i.e. following the Presentation of the Lord Mayor (see Lord Mayor's Show).

</doc>
<doc id="19318003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318003" title="Ya'akov Moshe Toledano">
Ya'akov Moshe Toledano

Rabbi Ya'akov Moshe Toledano (, born 1880, died 15 October 1960) was an Israeli rabbi who served as Minister of Religions for two brief periods between 1958 and 1960. He also served as chief rabbi of Cairo, Alexandria and Tel Aviv.
Although not a member of the Knesset, Toledano was appointed Minister of Religions on 3 December 1958, serving until 30 November the following year. When David Ben-Gurion formed a new government on 17 December 1959 Toledano returned to his ministerial role, serving until his death in October 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19318016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318016" title="Baby, Baby I Need You">
Baby, Baby I Need You

"Baby, Baby I Need You" is a 1963 song recorded by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label. It was written by Smokey Robinson, and was later used as the B-side to their Top 40 1964 hit "Girl (Why You Wanna Make Me Blue)". 
The song is about one's devotion to the one they love; it's narrator telling the girl he's falling for that if she let their “hearts combine” that he vows to always let her know how much he needs, wants, and loves her. A fusion of Gospel and Doo-Wop, the song is mostly an ensemble piece, with all the original members singing most of the song's lead vocal in unison (with Eddie Kendricks' higher falsetto voice making him the primary vocal in song). It is on the song’s bridge and outro where Kendricks and Paul Williams each sing a few lead lines out front while Elbridge "Al" Bryant sings harmony vocals behind Kendricks and Williams (and throughout the song's bridge). All the group members get a chance to also be heard outfront when they sing the last word of each of the song's three verses in a five-part harmony (Bryant, Williams, Kendricks, Otis Williams, and Melvin Franklin respectively). This B-side is the last single released to feature Bryant's vocals (he was fired several months prior), and the last to feature Paul Williams' signing lead that would be released while he was still the group's main lead singer (although he would still record a few more leads). With the release of the single "My Girl", newest member David Ruffin would become The Tempts' new main lead (more or less replacing both Williams and Kendricks in the role).
Although "Baby, Baby I Need You" did not chart nationally, the song was a regional smash hit in some parts of the country. It was a favorite of fans of the group (and the group itself) and became a part of the Temptations' onstage repertoire. The song was performed by the "classic five" members on the group's first live album, "Temptations Live!" where it received a standing ovation. In 1966, The Wailers, featuring Bob Marley, covered the song (retitled "I Need You") which was released as a single and included on the 1966 compilation album, "The Wailing Wailers". The Wailers also recorded a different song of the title "I Need You" in 1964, and so recent releases have retitled this cover as "I Need You So".

</doc>
<doc id="19318037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318037" title="1995 Valencia Open">
1995 Valencia Open

The 1995 Valencia Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Valencia, Spain and played on outdoor clay courts. It was the inaugural edition of the tournament which was held from October 2 to October 9 and was part of the ATP World Series of the 1995 ATP Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19318084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318084" title="Independent Socialist Party of Chad (1955)">
Independent Socialist Party of Chad (1955)

Independent Socialist Party of Chad (, PSIT) was a political party in Chad. The party emerged from a split of the Independent Socialist Party of Chad in 1955. This PSIT was constituted at a General Assembly held March 27, 1955. The Assembly adopted statues for the party. A politburo of the new PSIT was constituted, with Ahmed Kotoko as general secretary, Chérif Hamid Mahamat as chairman and Mahamat Yakouma and Ali Kamara as vice chairmen. The PSIT of Kotoko joined the coalition 'Republican Entente', together with PST, BDT and UDIT.

</doc>
<doc id="19318089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318089" title="Khatgal Airport">
Khatgal Airport

Khatgal Airport is an airport in Khatgal, a town in Khövsgöl Province, Mongolia. It has a gravel runway 15/33 . The small airport building was erected in 2006/2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19318094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318094" title="Sporting Lucas Terrier">
Sporting Lucas Terrier

The Sporting Lucas Terrier is a small breed of dog of the terrier type. The breed is named for Jocelyn Lucas.
Appearance.
A short-legged working terrier that must be small and narrow enough in the chest to go to ground when required. About twelve inches at the withers, and about 15 lbs. in weight. The harsh shaggy coat is white with dark patches, or various combinations of brown, black and tan or grizzle and tan.
History.
The Sporting Lucas Terrier was developed in Scotland (firstly in Mey, Caithness and later in Abington, South Lanarkshire) from the Lucas Terrier, the Jack Russell Terrier, and various Fell Terriers by Brian Plummer in the 1990s, in an effort to create a good working terrier. In 1999 the Lucas Terrier Club de-listed all of Brian Plummer's dogs as they "did not want infusions of other terrier types introduced into their bloodlines". Breed clubs were then set up for Plummer's dog, and it became the Sporting Lucas Terrier, despite the fact that the connection to the original Lucas terrier is tenuous.
The "Lucas Terrier" was created by Major Jocelyn Lucas in the late 1940s, in an effort to breed a Sealyham Terrier that could go to ground, from Sealyhams and Norfolk Terriers. Today it has returned to being primarily a pet and showdog.
Another breed of terrier developed by Brian Plummer is the Plummer Terrier. It is similar, but bull terrier was also used, and the dog developed a reputation for quarrelsomeness.
Recognition.
Of the major kennel clubs in the English-speaking world, only the United Kennel Club (US) recognises the Sporting Lucas Terrier, in their Terrier Group. It may also be recognised by any of the very large number of specialty dog clubs, dog sports clubs, minor registries, and internet based breed registry businesses.
The primary breed club for the Sporting Lucas Terrier, which was founded in 1999 after the split with the Lucas Terrier Club, is "The Sporting Lucas Terrier Club". Mr. Plummer (Sept 11th 1936 - Sept 12th 2003) is deceased.
Further reading and external links.
the Sealyham Terrier and the Norfolk Terrier. 

</doc>
<doc id="19318106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318106" title="Automatic Black">
Automatic Black

Automatic Black is a rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The band formed in 2001 when vocalist Jeff Darr returned from Europe and met Tom Chambers and Steve Kitabjian through mutual friends. In 2003, Automatic Black opened for Kiss and Aerosmith on the second leg of their Rocksimus Maximus Tour.
Their debut album, "De-Evolution", intended to be released in 2004 under Arista Records, was never formally released due to financial difficulties; however, their song "Crash and Burn" was featured in the EA game Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004. The group released their self-titled EP in 2008 on independent label Nashville NOiR, and again in 2009 on independent Nashville record label Per Capita Records.
Albums.
2004 :De-Evolution (Arista Records)
2008 :Automatic Black (Nashville NOiR)

</doc>
<doc id="19318107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318107" title="Too Late (True Love)">
Too Late (True Love)

"Too Late (True Love)" is a song recorded by The Real Milli Vanilli. It was released in 1991 and peaked at #26 in Austria, #65 in Germany. The song was also released in France, but failed to enter the singles chart. Notable is the fact that John Davis is pictured on the single's cover, although he did not perform in the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19318108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318108" title="Embrace (non-profit)">
Embrace (non-profit)

Embrace is a non profit organization run by a group of students who graduated from the Entrepreneurial Design For Extreme Affordability program at Stanford University and developed the concept of low-cost incubators to prevent neonatal deaths in rural areas in developing countries. The founding group consists of Jane Chen, Linus Liang, Rahul Panicker, and Naganand Murty.
Incubator.
The incubator produced by Embrace uses phase-change material in a sleeping bag design to maintain temperature inside the incubator entirely without electricity, making it well-suited to rural areas. The device can periodically supply heat using hot water. Each baby warmer is priced at approximately $200.
The Embrace development team won the fellowship at the Echoing Green competition in 2008 for this concept. Embrace also won the 2007-2008 Business Association of Stanford Entrepreneurial Students Social E-Challenge competition grand prize. At a ceremony at BAFTA in London on December 3rd 2013 Jane Chen, Rahul Panicker, Naganand Murty and Linus Liang won an innovation award from the Economist.

</doc>
<doc id="19318143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318143" title="1989 Aloha Bowl">
1989 Aloha Bowl

The 1989 Jeep Eagle Aloha Bowl was a college football bowl game, played as part of the 1989-90 bowl game schedule of the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the 8th Aloha Bowl. It was played on December 25, 1989, at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii. The game matched the Hawaii Rainbows against the Michigan State Spartans, and was televised on ABC. The game marked the first ever bowl appearance for Hawaii Rainbow Warrior football. Michigan State won the 1989 contest 33-13.
The game was notable for the offensive struggles of the Rainbow Warriors in committing seven fumbles and four interceptions. Blake Ezor would star for the Spartans in being selected as the game's MVP with 41 carries for 179 yards and three touchdowns.

</doc>
<doc id="19318167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318167" title="Michael Henry Herbert">
Michael Henry Herbert

Sir Michael Henry Herbert, (25 June 1857 – 30 September 1903), was a British diplomat and ambassador.
Career.
Herbert was brought up at the family house at Wilton House, in Wiltshire. He joined the Diplomatic Service and was posted to Paris aged 21, on 1 June 1879, where he was appointed Third Secretary in March 1880 and Second Secretary in November 1883.
He was transferred to Washington DC on 31 August 1888 and was awarded the CB in 1896. He ended his career as the second British Ambassador to the USA in succession to Lord Pauncefote, who had died in office. He created with the U.S. Secretary of State John Hay a joint commission to establish the border between the U.S. district of Alaska and British interests in the Dominion of Canada, where gold had been found in the 1890s, which resulted in the definitive Alaskan boundary treaty of 1903. He was awarded the KCMG in 1902 for services during the Venezuela Crisis of 1902–1903.
He died of tuberculosis in Davos, Switzerland, aged 47. The town of Herbert in Saskatchewan, Canada, is named after him.
Family.
Sir Michael Herbert was the fourth and youngest son of distinguished parents: Sidney Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Lea, the British statesman, and Elizabeth Herbert, Baroness Herbert of Lea, philanthropist and Roman Catholic writer and apologist. His father, Sidney, was himself the younger son of George Augustus Herbert, 11th Earl of Pembroke, by the Russian noblewoman Countess Catherine Vorontsov, daughter of Semyon Vorontsov. In due course, two of Herbert's brothers succeeded to the earldom of Pembroke, his half-uncle Robert Herbert, 12th Earl of Pembroke having died without legitimate issue in Paris on 25 April 1862. Herbert was granted the style and precedence of the younger son of an earl by Royal Warrant on 30 May.
Herbert married on 27 November 1888 Leila 'Belle' Wilson (d. 19 Nov. 1923), a daughter of Richard Thornton Wilson, a banker and cotton broker of New York and Newport, Rhode Island, all of whose children married advantageously. Wilson's eldest daughter, Mary (also called May) married New York landowner Ogden Goelet (they were the parents of Mary Goelet) and his youngest daughter, Grace, married Cornelius Vanderbilt III; his son Orme was married to the daughter of Mrs. William Astor, "the" Mrs. Astor.
Herbert and his wife had two sons: 

</doc>
<doc id="19318168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318168" title="1996 Marbella Open">
1996 Marbella Open

The 1996 Marbella Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Marbella in Spain and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. It was the second edition of the tournament and was held from September 30 through October 6, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19318242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318242" title="Sunday Night Show">
Sunday Night Show

The Sunday Night Show with Iain Lee was a Sony Award Silver winning weekly radio show broadcast on Absolute Radio, between 10pm on Sunday to 1am on Monday, hosted by Iain Lee and produced by Eloise Carr, formerly by Dave "Davis" Lambert. The format of the show was primarily phone-in based, with callers discussing the pre-set topics of the evening, or to discuss topics that they themselves introduce. The show is notable for allowing calls to be aired unscreened for the last half hour of the show, in a segment called MMM (or Triple M), which is similar in format to The Human Zoo. As well as talk, records are sparsely played throughout the show (approximately 4 to 5 records per hour) due to Absolute Radio's license as a music station. The show ended in September 2009, and was replaced a month later by Iain Lee's 2 Hour Long Late Night Radio Show on the same station.
Origins.
The Sunday Night Show was similar in format to Iain Lee's Good Evening, which was broadcast on LBC up until November 2007. Unlike Iain's previous show, it was only broadcast one night a week as a niche show, as it was the only predominantly phone-in show broadcast on Absolute. The show featured some continuity from the LBC days, with callers from the previous station contributing similar output on the new show, for instance Barry from Watford.
Regular features.
The Sunday Night Show had several regular features including "Answerphone Messages", where best bits of messages left during the week on the answerphone are played and "Triple M", the part of the show (broadcast at approximately 12.30am) when calls went straight to air with no screening. However, as this may lead to inappropriate utterances from callers, the show was broadcast with a seven second delay.
"Win Win or Lose" was a former feature where Iain gives away items he has received that week. Occasionally, he has given away other items as prizes, e.g. unwanted presents from relatives. The feature was not strictly speaking a competition but a game of chance - the only criteria needed to win was to be on hold on the right line(s) when the feature was played. The format has recently been changed to allow more than one person to play, however there is still no element of competition - if two callers partake, then the "winners" split the items equally, and may have been given the chance to swap prizes on air.
The "Col-Lee-Seum" (conceived by XTC guitarist Andy Partridge) was a feature when two listeners both argue separate issues. Following this the first 5 people to call in and vote for one of the contestants means that contestant wins. Although the game was meant to be serious, due to the contestants and issues chosen, for instance chocolate or vanilla, the feature normally became a rabble.
Regular callers.
Barry from Watford An senile old man who phoned up during most shows. He has a wife called Margaret and a mental son called Dave. Both Barry and Dave are played by actor Alex Lowe.
Varinder or Vinny A caller who used to be obsessed with Iain's show but has now turned into Iain's personal friend. During his very first call to the show, he asked a number of questions to Iain that were recorded and are regularly played out by Iain to confuse intoxicated callers.
G-Man A wannabe gangster.
Rob Burnett The most rebellious regular, who called in and makes fun of Iain and has created his own 'Top 50 List', which Lee's wife and producer joined.
Mr. Naughty A caller who lives in a basement and often talks to Iain about sexual and disturbing things. He also is in love with Eloise.
Kitty Karen A woman who has five cats.
Gary From Bristol An unemployed country bumpkin from Bristol who rants, raps and sometimes sings. Also has a crush on Eloise.
Sifu A man from Birmingham who likes karate.
Pitcher Phil A man who called in at the start of each show to update listeners on the latest results from Major League Baseball.
Anxious Man A man who claimed he is anxious, at times unbearably so. This individual had been phoning Iain on radio stations over the period of 3 years.
Gary from Catford A man from Catford who called in regularly.
Nick from Braintree A very camp gentleman who often called in to discuss the men he's been sleeping with.
Paulie A man who rang in to let the world know that he has "a dirty..." Paulie was invariably cut off (or disconnects) before he is able to say which possession, or part of his anatomy, is unclean.
Psychic Sylvia the Swinger A lady from the West Midlands who claimed to be psychic.
Fat Steve An American from Atlanta, Georgia.
Ed from Newent A 14 year old boy from Newent who often phoned trying to convince Iain he's under 10 years old.
Alan Caddick A gentleman from the West Midlands who rang up every week. He has a semi-comprehensible accent and was often impersonated on air by other regular callers, especially during Triple M.
The Merchant A gentlemen from the South East who rang up. He impersonated "The Merchant" from Resident Evil 4 He wanted to buy things from other listeners, sang many classic songs and was accused by Iain of having an obsession with urine after a failed call involving a urine chart during Triple M. The Merchant was confused at the fact he had an enemy called "The Alpha" and doesn't know how him and "The Alpha" became enemies. The Merchant has now lost his Husky voice. It has now been replaced with a raconteur's voice. However, The Merchant beat Death and his voice has now returned to the airwaves. He claims to have connections to The British Royal family.
The Alpha The arch nemesis to the merchant. He often laughed at Iain's dial up connection and was known to call up and copy Paulie's "I've got a dirty..."
Long running jokes.
I've got a dirty...
This surreal joke was started by caller Paulie where he called up and says 'I've got a dirty...' with the intention of saying bumhole before Iain cuts him off. Usually he calls up on multiple lines so when Iain cuts him off he is on the air again immediately.
Ryan Reynolds
Iain once commented that he thought that actor Ryan Reynolds had nice hair and he would like his hair cut like that. This prompted Rob Burnett to phone up and say that Ryan Reynolds is Iain's boyfriend.
Pradeep
Callers often phoned in to see how long they can say Pradeep for. This ranged from 10 seconds to 1 minute.

</doc>
<doc id="19318272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318272" title="Card Sharks (disambiguation)">
Card Sharks (disambiguation)

Card Sharks can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19318280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318280" title="Iveco Massif">
Iveco Massif

The Iveco Massif is a utility 4×4 vehicle mainly aimed at the utility services and military markets and was part of Iveco’s 4×4 and off-road range which also includes the Trakker lorry and Daily 4×4 van. Massif was produced by Santana Motors from 2007 to 2011 and its rebadged and restyled version of the Santana PS-10. In 2010, due to poor sales and Fiat Group's ability to serve the European 4×4 market with imported Jeep vehicles, Iveco decided to stop the agreement with Santana. In 2011 the owner of Santana, the Government of Andalusia, decided to close down the company and its car factory and 1,341 people were laid off or retired prematurely. From 6,692 cars made in 2007, the company manufactured 1,197 in 2009 and no more than 769 in 2010.
Overview.
The Massif was produced in Linares (Spain) by Santana Motor Company’s and was marketed Iveco (the commercial section of the Fiat motor company) and competed with the Land Rover Defender at the utility end of the 4×4 market.
The Massif is essentially a revamped and restyled version of the Santana PS-10, which (like the Defender) is itself a derivative of the Land Rover Series which Santana formerly built under license. The Massif was part of a joint venture between Iveco and Santana; Iveco announced in Madrid in May 2006 that it was essentially taking over the PS-10 product. Iveco already supplied the engine and drive-train to Santana for its PS-10 model so this seemed a logical progression.
The Massif was produced alongside the Santana PS-10.
Specification.
The Massif was styled by Giorgetto Giugiaro and the Iveco Style Centre. The Massif bears a clear family resemblance to its sister product the Santana PS-10 which itself was heavily based on the Land Rover Series. Beyond the modernized front clip, the family resemblance to the Land Rover Defender is strong.
The Massif was available with two versions of Iveco’s 3.0 litre diesel engine taken from the Iveco Daily van. A HPI version with of torque and a HPT version with of torque were available. The extra horsepower of the HPT version comes from a variable geometry turbocharger. Both engines met Euro IV emissions standards.
The Massif is fitted with a 6-speed ZF 6S400 overdrive manual gearbox with high and low range ratios. No automatic was available. The Massif also has selectable four-wheel drive, like its forebear the Land Rover Series (but unlike the Land Rover Defender which has permanent four-wheel drive). This was intended to reduce fuel consumption, claimed as “up to 10%” by Iveco. The decision to have selectable four-wheel drive is believed to be because Iveco suggested permanent four-wheel drive is unnecessary for the majority of driving conditions. The Massif is usually in four-by-two, rear-wheel drive unless four-wheel drive is engaged.
The Massif is also fitted with manual-locking free-wheeling hubs on the front axles which prevent the rotation of front axle components, supposedly to reduce wear. An optional limited slip rear differential was also available to improve off-road ability by reducing the chance of getting cross-axled.
The Massif has all round disc brakes with ventilated discs on the front axle and simple discs on the rear axle. The hand brake is also a disc brake, operating on the transmission.
The Massif is fitted with parabolic suspension all round, as opposed to the coil springs of its contemporary the Land Rover Defender. The parabolic suspension system is arranged with double bladed springs on the front axle and four bladed springs on the rear axle. The Massif is fitted with hydraulic dampers on the front axle, gas dampers on the rear axle and anti-roll bars at both front and rear to give a compromise of on-road handling and off-road ability. The parabolic suspension system can be regarded as a cost-effective compromise between the simplicity and load carrying ability of leaf springs and the better comfort and axle articulation (and thus off-road ability) of coil springs.
The Massif is built as a body-on-frame construction with a ladder chassis, rather than a monocoque construction which is now common with most modern 4×4s. The chassis is based on the chassis used for the Iveco Daily van range. This layout is another similarity with Land Rover’s Defender.
The rear door of the Massif was designed to have a full metre-wide opening to allow a standard Euro pallet to be comfortably carried in the rear of the vehicle – intended as a unique selling point of the vehicle because of its anticipated market of the utility/commercial sector.
The Massif can also be specified with a variety of transmission or transfer box power take-off units and electrical connections on the body work to increase its attraction to commercial users further.
The interior of the Massif had been overhauled from the Santana PS-10 version to make it more competitive with the recently updated Land Rover Defender.
Models.
The Massif was available in long () and short wheelbase () variants. A hard top, station wagon, pick up and chassis cab were available. The long wheelbase station wagon seats up to 7 people. A "heavy duty" version of the Massif with a 3.5 tonne GVW and towing capacity was also in development for commercial users.
Launch models had been heavily promoted with advertising showing the All Blacks New Zealand Rugby Union squad as Iveco had signed up as the main sponsor of the team. Launch vehicles had been displayed with black body work and "tribal" graphics which are associated with the team.
The Massif was also aimed at the service sector and the Iveco website showed computer generated models of the Massif with custom bodywork to allow the Massif to be used as emergency service vehicles such as ambulances and fire-fighting vehicles for off-road use; traditionally a sector that the Land Rover Defender with its specially dedicated Land Rover Special Vehicles division has dominated.
Iveco also announced that a military specification of the Massif would have been available, being fully air-portable similarly to its sister vehicle the Santana PS-10.
The Massif was available only as left-hand drive and only in mainland Europe, but a UK release date of January 2009 had been announced.

</doc>
<doc id="19318295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318295" title="Joseph Karakitie Azigbo">
Joseph Karakitie Azigbo

Chief Joseph Karakitie Azigbo, the Olorogun of Okpe Kingdom, was born in Orereokpe on December 29, 1918. He worked with the United African Company UAC in Jos, Plateau state before establishing his mining business (Azigbo Brothers Limited). He soon became very successful in the mining field and became one of the richest men in Nigeria in the 1950s. He was the biggest Miner of Tin and Columbite in the whole of West Africa, owning over 150 mining sites. At the outbreak of the Nigerian Civil War in 1967, he moved part of his business from Jos, Plateau state to Sapele, in the Niger Delta. There he established a palm produce export business. He also built a Sawmill factory on the exclusive Elder Dempster Embankment by the River Ethiope.
After the war, on his return to Jos, most of his properties had either been vandalised or commandeered by the Nigerian Army, others had been occupied by locals who laid claims to them. Among these was his private residence in Anglo Jos a part of which was turned into the Nigerian Air force office at the junction of Bukuru road/Miango road. His attempts to regain possession of his properties from the Nigerian government dragged on for decades. This was a huge financial blow from which chief J.K. (as he was referred to) never really recovered. He had spent most of his early adult life working and investing heavily in Jos and he must have assumed that after the war, it would be business as usual.
In the face of these setbacks, JK left his eldest son, Raymond, in charge of the mining business and returned to the Niger Delta. Chief J.K. Azigbo leaving his son Raymond in charge turned out to be one of the worst decisions he ever made. Raymond was a pampered child; his father really loved him and made sure that he had the best in life. He never worked even for a day in his life. He lived a sheltered life and, being put in charge of Azigbo Brothers Limited brought out the worst in him. There is a saying that money brings out the worst in some people; in the case of Raymond, power and money sent him on a destructive course - he started selling off properties, company vehicles, the lot.
By the time word got to the chief, a lot of financial damage was done. He quickly issued a disclaimer in most of the newspapers in northern Nigeria, including "The Nigerian Standard" in Jos against Raymond Azigbo. Chief Jk now had a new enemy; it was neither the Nigerian government nor the locals in Jos, this was an enemy from within. The chief still lived a wealthy life, he had servants and stewards, some of whom migrated with the family from Jos but, he was now a shadow of his former self. He was no longer ranked as one of the richest men in the country. Gone were the days when he would be met by the governor of Plateau state at the airport on his return from trips abroad.
Someone who met him after the war remarked that he was a broken man.
He died on 11 July 1986 at the age of 68. He was survived by 18 children, amongst whom is Hon Edesiri Azigbo (former Member of the Federal House of Representatives).

</doc>
<doc id="19318302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318302" title="Richard Henyard">
Richard Henyard

Richard Henyard (June 26, 1974 – September 23, 2008) was an American murderer executed in Florida for the double murder of 7-year-old Jamilya Lewis and 3-year-old Jasmine Lewis in January 1993 in Eustis, and the rape of the sisters' mother during the same day.
Crimes.
On the evening of January 30, 1993, Dorothy Lewis and her daughters arrived at a Winn-Dixie supermarket in Eustis. As Lewis, the eventual survivor, and her daughters, the victims, entered the Winn-Dixie, she noticed a few people sitting on a bench near the doors. After Lewis exited the store with Jamilya, age 7, and Jasmine, age 3, she walked to her car and placed her daughters in the front passenger seat. As Lewis crossed the rear of the car to get to the driver’s side, she noticed Alfonza Smalls approaching her. As Smalls neared, he revealed a gun tucked into his waistband. Lewis and her daughters were ordered into the back of the car as Smalls and Henyard entered the front. The Lewis car left town with Henyard driving and Smalls issuing directions. Prior to the abduction of Lewis and her daughters, a female witness observed Henyard and Smalls loitering outside of the Winn-Dixie. During the drive, Smalls repeatedly demanded that Lewis keep her crying daughters quiet. Later, Henyard pulled the car over at a remote area and pulled Lewis from the car. Henyard forced Lewis against the trunk and raped her. Henyard then told Lewis to sit on the ground. She hesitated, and Henyard shot her in the leg and forced her to the ground. He then shot her an additional three times at close range, wounding her in the mouth, neck, and on the forehead between the eyes. After she was unconscious, Henyard and Smalls rolled her over to the shoulder of the road. 
Lewis survived, however, and several hours later regained consciousness and went to a nearby house for help. The occupants contacted the police and Lewis collapsed and waited for the officers to arrive. As Henyard and Smalls drove away from the scene of the shooting, Jamilya and Jasmine Lewis repeatedly asked for their mother. Henyard pulled the car over after a short period of time and removed the girls from the car. Henyard and Smalls took the girls away from the road, out of the clear view of passersby, and killed both Jamilya and Jasmine with a single bullet to the head. Henyard and Smalls then threw their bodies into some brush over a fence. 
Smalls, Henyard, and a third individual arrived at the home of Bryant Smith in a blue car. Henyard boasted about raping and killing Lewis, unaware that she was still alive. He also showed Smith the gun he used. Later that evening, Henyard went by the Smalls’ residence where Colinda Smalls, Alfonza’s sister, noticed blood on Henyard's hands. He explained that the blood was from a minor knife accident. 
On January 31, the next day, Henyard's aunt, Linda Miller, agreed to drive him to Smalls' residence so that Henyard could speak with Smalls. Henyard made a trip to the Eustis Police Department that same Sunday claiming to have information concerning the Lewis case. He offered knowledge of the crime, and claimed that he was present at the scene of the crime. Henyard’s initial story pointed to Smalls and another individual as the perpetrators. However, when an officer noticed blood spots on Henyard’s socks, he admitted to kidnapping, raping and shooting Lewis, yet maintained that he did not shoot her daughters. The police apprehended Smalls and discovered the murder weapon after a search of his bedroom. The autopsies of the girls confirmed that they were killed by a single gunshot wound at close range and that Jasmine’s eyes were open when she was shot. Analysis of the blood spots indicated that Henyard was less than four feet from the victims when they were shot.
Autopsies of victims.
The autopsies of Jasmine and Jamilya Lewis showed that both girls died of gunshot wounds to the head and were shot at very close range. Powder stippling around Jasmine’s left eye, the site of her mortal wound, indicated that her eyes were open when she was shot. One of the blood spots discovered on Henyard’s socks matched the blood of Jasmine Lewis. “High speed” or “high velocity” blood spatters found on Henyard’s jacket matched the blood of Jamilya Lewis and showed that Henyard was less than four feet from her when she was killed. Smalls’ trousers had “splashed” or “dropped blood” on them consistent with dragging a body. DNA evidence was also presented at trial indicating that Henyard raped Lewis.
Execution.
Henyard was sentenced to death on August 19, 1994, and put in lockdown. Henyard's death warrant was signed on June 9, 2008. Henyard was the 66th execution in the state since the death penalty was reinstated in the United States in 1977.
Henyard was executed on September 23, 2008, by lethal injection. The execution was delayed by two hours because Henyard had two appeals before the U.S. Supreme Court trying to block the execution; both were denied.

</doc>
<doc id="19318304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318304" title="Miss Mundo Dominicana 2009">
Miss Mundo Dominicana 2009

In 2009, the Miss Mundo Dominicana pageant was cancelled due to lack of money and sponsors. While the winner usually went on to represent the Dominican Republic in the Miss World 2009 beauty pageant, due to the cancellation it was decided that Miss Republica Domincana Universo 2009 first runner-up, Ana Rita Contreras Sosa from Bayaguana, Monte Plata, would receive the title of Miss Mundo Dominicana 2009 and represent that country instead. 

</doc>
<doc id="19318307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318307" title="Shana Poplack">
Shana Poplack

Shana Poplack, is a leading proponent of variation theory, the approach to language science pioneered by William Labov. She has extended the methodology and theory of this field into bilingual speech patterns, the prescription-praxis dialectic in the co-evolution of standard and non-standard languages, and the comparative reconstruction of ancestral speech varieties, including African American Vernacular English. 
She is a Distinguished University Professor in the linguistics department of the University of Ottawa, where she directs the Sociolinguistics Laboratory and holds the Canada Research Chair in Linguistics.
Born in Detroit, Michigan, and raised in New York City, she studied at Queens College and New York University, then lived in Paris for several years, studying with André Martinet at the Sorbonne before moving to the University of Pennsylvania, where she took her PhD (1979) under Labov's supervision. 
During three years as a researcher at the Centro de estudios puertorriqueños, City University of New York, her studies of code-switching among Puerto Ricans in New York
initiated her characterization of universal patterns of intrasentential language mixing, and demonstrated that fluent code-mixing is a bilingual skill rather than a defect. Over three decades, she made numerous contributions to the understanding of
bilingual syntax in social context, many involving typologically contrasting language pairs.
In 1981 Poplack moved to the University of Ottawa, where she assembled,
transcribed and concordanced a “mega-corpus” of conversations among 
French speakers in the Canadian capital region, providing her and many other researchers with an extraordinary research resource on modern vernacular French.
Poplack's analyses of vernacular varieties of New World Spanish, Canadian French and English and Brazilian Portuguese 
are characterized by skepticism towards standard explanations of variation
and change based on language simplification or external influences, in
favor of historical and comparative studies of internal evolution. 
Poplack's work on the origins of African American Vernacular is based on evidence from elderly descendants of American slaves recorded during fieldwork in isolated communities in the Samaná Peninsula (Dominican Republic) and in Nova Scotia. This showed widespread retention of syntactic and morphological features (including the entire tense and aspect system) from earlier British and colonial English, contrary to previous theories attributing such features to a widespread early American creole.
Current projects (2008) focus on contact-induced change in English as a minority language and the role of the school in impeding linguistic change.
Among her awards, she held a Fulbright visiting scholar award (1990) in Brazil, was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 1998) and won that society's Pierre Chauveau Medal (2005). She was awarded a Killam Research Fellowship in 2001 and the Killam prize in 2007, was the University of Ottawa Arts Faculty Professor of the Year (1999) and Researcher of the Year (2003), was awarded a Canada Research Chair in 2001, renewed in 2007. Poplack was elected Fellow of the Linguistic Society of America (2009) and won a Trudeau Foundation Fellowship (2007) and the Ontario Premier’s Discovery Award (2008). Poplack was awarded the Gold Medal for Achievement in Research in 2012 by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada.
Poplack's works include "Instant Loans, Easy Conditions: The Productivity of Bilingual Borrowing" (1998), a special issue of the International Journal of Bilingualism, with Marjory Meechan, "The English History of African American English" (2000) and, with Sali Tagliamonte, African American English in the Diaspora" (2001).

</doc>
<doc id="19318336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318336" title="1997 Marbella Open">
1997 Marbella Open

The 1997 Marbella Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Marbella, Spain. The tournament was held from September 8 to September 15. 

</doc>
<doc id="19318337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318337" title="Təzəkənd, Bilasuvar">
Təzəkənd, Bilasuvar

Təzəkənd, Bilasuvar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19318340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318340" title="Ethan Cohn">
Ethan Cohn

Ethan Cohn (born April 18, 1979) is an American actor.
Biography.
Acting career.
Movie.
Cohn starred in the films "Cry Wolf", "Rubber", "The Experiment," and "Lady in the Water".
He portrays Owen Kellogg in "Atlas Shrugged" (2011), the film adaptation of Ayn Rand's novel of the same name.
Most recently, he played a cranky birdwatcher A Birder's Guide to Everything, which has been picked up by Focus World.
Television.
He is best known for his role as Zane Taylor in science fiction serial drama television series "Heroes". 
Cohn has worked in many television series, having small roles in "", "Head Cases" and "Huff" . However, he advanced rapidly in his career and had a recurrent role in "Gilmore Girls" as Glenn.
Writer.
Along with playwright and journalist Elizabeth Savage, Cohn has written comedy television pilots and feature films.

</doc>
<doc id="19318354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318354" title="Cliff Hanger Stakes">
Cliff Hanger Stakes

The Cliff Hanger Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Monmouth Park in East Rutherford, New Jersey during late September/early October. Open to horses age three and older, it is contested on turf over a distance of 1 1/16 miles. Currently the purse is $60,000.
Known as the Cliff Hanger Handicap until 2008, it was raced on dirt from 1978 through 1981 and again in 1985 and 1987. Prior to 1982, it was restricted to horses bred in the State of New Jersey.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="19318366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318366" title="Jaime Miguel de Guzmán de Avalos y Spinola, Marquis of la Mina, Duke of Palata and Prince of Masa">
Jaime Miguel de Guzmán de Avalos y Spinola, Marquis of la Mina, Duke of Palata and Prince of Masa

Jaime de Guzmán y Spinola, II Marquis of la Mina (1690 – 1767) was a Spanish Army commander and Captain General of Catalonia. He was also the Fifth Count of Pezuela de las Torres, near Alcalá de Henares.
Biography.
He was born at Seville.
As a young soldier, Jaime de Guzmán y Spinola fought for Philip of Bourbon in the War of Spanish Succession and participated in the attack on Sardinia and Sicily during the War of the Quadruple Alliance. After the war he became an important diplomat and was embassador to France between 1736 and 1740. In 1738 he was made a Knight in the Order of the Golden Fleece.
At the outbreak of the War of the Austrian Succession he joined the Spanish army in Italy and played an important role in the Battle of Madonna dell'Olmo. After the disastrous 1746 campaign, he replaced the Count de Gages as Supreme Commander of the Spanish troops in Italy until the end of the war.
In 1749 he was appointed Captain General of Catalonia, a function he exercised for the next 10 years till the death of King Ferdinand VI of Spain in 1759, but the new King Charles III of Spain, former King in Naples, kept him on doing so, for another eight years, until his death, something very inusual.
During his term of power he developed a good school of Military Engineers in Barcelona, the Academia de Matemáticas de Barcelona, now a prestigious center for the actual chocolat guild masters.
He did much to approve the access to the city from land and sea, the water supply and the street lighting.
His most important works were the construction of Barceloneta, the San Fernando Castle in Figueras and the reconstruction of the Montjuich fortress. He was buried in the Barceloneta "San Miguel del Puerto Church", an area much decayed along the times but now flourishing again after the 1992 Barcelona Olympic Games.
At his death in Barcelona he was replaced by Irish-Spanish General Bernardo O´Connor.

</doc>
<doc id="19318380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318380" title="1998 Majorca Open">
1998 Majorca Open

The 1998 Majorca Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Majorca, Spain. The tournament was held from September 28 to October 5.

</doc>
<doc id="19318394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318394" title="The Varangian Way">
The Varangian Way

The Varangian Way is the second full-length album by the Finnish folk metal band Turisas, released on May 27, 2007 through Century Media. It is a concept album that tells the story of a group of Scandinavians traveling the river routes of medieval Russia, through Ladoga, Novgorod and Kiev, down to the Byzantine Empire. 
A Special "Directors Cut" edition was released with the Rasputin single.
Director's cut track listing.
A Limited Edition "Pagan Fest Tour Edition" version comes with the bonus tracks (with Rasputin and To Holmgard and Beyond swapping places in the track listing) and a DVD containing the video for Rasputin and several live performances.
Enhanced edition bonus tracks
Normal listing +

</doc>
<doc id="19318415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318415" title="Ted Kaptchuk">
Ted Kaptchuk

Ted Kaptchuk is an author, researcher, and Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, where he focuses on the placebo effect. He earned his Doctorate of Oriental Medicine after five years of study in China in 1975. After returning to the United States, he was clinical director of the Pain Unit at Boston's Lemuel Shattuck Hospital. In 1990, he accepted a position as the associate director of the Center for Alternative Medicine Research and Education at the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston. In 2011, he became Director of the Harvard-wide Program in Placebo Studies and the Therapeutic Encounter, hosted at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.
Kaptchuk has been an expert panelist for the FDA, served on numerous NIH panels, and worked as a medical writer for the BBC. He has authored over 175 peer-reviewed publications. 

</doc>
<doc id="19318419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318419" title="Wakey Wakey Campers">
Wakey Wakey Campers

Wakey Wakey Campers is a British Reality television series about a group of modern holiday-makers who stay on a mock 1960s-style holiday camp. The series finds out whether they will enjoy the experience, lack of technology, living conditions and activities. The series was filmed at Atherfield Bay Holiday Camp in the Isle of Wight and starred, among others, singer-songwriter and entertainer Tony King, South west comedian Buster and St.Helens born comedy vocalist John Devereux. The series was produced by Twenty Twenty Television, and aired on Tuesday nights throughout August.
Viewing figures peaked at 2.3 million, and was featured as Radio Times front cover for the shows opening month.

</doc>
<doc id="19318420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318420" title="Symphony No. 18 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 18 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 18 in F major, K. 130, was the last of three symphonies composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in May, 1772, when he was sixteen years old. 
Structure.
The symphony has the scoring of two flutes, four horns, and strings. There are no oboes in this symphony, they were replaced by flutes for the first time. Mozart also used a second pair of horns in the first and second movements, which is a rarity in his oeuvre.
\new Staff «
</score>
There are four movements:

</doc>
<doc id="19318425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318425" title="Konstanty Gorski">
Konstanty Gorski

Konstanty Antoni Gorski (Lida, June 13, 1859 – May 31, 1924, Poznań) was a Polish composer, violinist, organist and music teacher.
Life.
Gorski began attending school in Grodno and continued at the First Philological Gymnasium in Wilno. He obtained his musical education at the Musical Institute in Warsaw (then under the direction of Apolinary Kątski) and at the St. Petersburg Conservatory. In 1881 he graduated from the great Hungarian violinist and pedagogue Leopold Auer class and received large silver medal and “free artist” status. Next year he spent studying composition and instrumentation in class of famous Russian composer Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov.
In year 1890 after eight-years-trip over Russia and Georgia – through Penza, Saratov and Tiflis (Tbilisi nowadays) Konstanty Gorski arrived to Ukrainian city of Kharkov to stay there for 29 years. He spent those years teaching youth in Kharkov Musical Secondary School, performing public work (he was one of the “Polish House” culture organization founders), working as conductor of symphonic orchestra and Polish and Church Chorus that was created due to his efforts, and staying beloved by publicity violinist and highly valued by other composers performer of their musical compositions (and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky treated him with deep respect saying that Gorski was the greatest one to execute his violin concert D-dur).
Political and economical changes in Russian Imperia, mainly October Revolution in 1917, had a great influence on the Gorski's fortune. Foreseeing approaching civil war and having no possibility of continuing his work in Kharkov, Gorski took his family and returned to Poland that had achieved freedom. At first he settled in Warsaw, where he then worked as taper in cinemas “Colosseum” and “Wodewil,” and after Warsaw he went to Poznan and achieved position of the Great Theatre concertmaster, and held it till the end of life. His opera “Margier” was shown in Poznan Opera in 1927. Other compositions of Gorski also were executed during the interwar period, e.g. a Missa Solemnis in E-flat major (inter alia by Poznan Moniuszko Chorus), symphonic poem Vicious Circle (Zaczarowane koło) and Organ Fantasy f-moll (first time it was executed in 1920 by Antoni Karnaszewki in Warsaw Philharmonic and after three years – by Feliks Nowowiejski in time of Copernicus cultural event in Poznan University). That fantasy is executed till nowadays with a great success.
Works.
His best-known compositions include:

</doc>
<doc id="19318450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318450" title="Melinda Padovano">
Melinda Padovano

Melinda Padovano (born January 28, 1987), better known by her ring name, Alicia, is an American professional wrestler. She has appeared for Shimmer Women Athletes, Women Superstars Uncensored, and has appeared for many independent promotions in the United States, including Ring of Honor and Jersey All Pro Wrestling.
Professional wrestling career.
Padovano originally began her training to become a professional wrestler while still attending jr. high school. Her interest in wrestling stemmed from a middle school boyfriend, who loved it.
In 2004, she won the SSCW Women's Championship and held it for approximately eight months before losing it to Alere Little Feather.
On October 23, 2005 she defeated Cindy Rogers to win the 2005 World Xtreme Wrestling's Elite 8 Tournament. On March 9, 2006, she won the WXW Women's Championship in a three-way dance with Rogers and Alere Little Feather.
Women Superstars Uncensored.
WSU Champion and retirement (2007).
On March 3, 2007, Alicia made her debut for Women Superstars Uncensored by defeating Becky Bayless. On July 14, 2007, she defeated Luna Vachon, Nikki Roxx, and Amy Lee at the Women's Title Tournament event in a no disqualification falls count anywhere four-way tournament final to become Women Superstars Uncensored's first-ever WSU Champion. She lost the title to Alexa Thatcher on August 17, but regained it the next day. On December 22, at her retirement show, Alicia lost the WSU Championship to Tammy Lynn Sytch.
Return and WSU Tag Team Champion (2009).
Alicia made a surprise return at "Uncensored Rumble II" as she was announced as the new tag team partner of Brooke Carter,replacing Brooke's former partner, Miss April, who recently signed a WWE developmental deal. Alicia and Brooke went on to defeat Jessicka Havok and Hailey Hatred to become the new WSU Tag Team Champions. At the PPV "On the Road" the team of Alicia, Brooke Carter and Mercedes Martinez lost to the team of Angel Orsini, Hailey Hatred and Jessicka Havok. On 22/8 Alicia and Brooke Carter defeated Rain and Angel Orsini by DQ after Rain smashed Brooke Carter with a steel chair. Later in the night Alicia and Brooke Carter lost the tag team titles to Jessicka Havok and Hailey Hatred. On 3 October Alicia and Brooke Carter lost the re-match for the WSU Tag Team Titles. After the match, Brooke Carter turned into a villain by becoming Brittney Savage, brutally attacking Alicia and aligning with Rick Cataldo. Later in the night, Alicia teamed with Becky Bayless defeating Brittney Savage and Rick Cataldo in a Tag Team Match.
Spirit Champion (2009–2010).
During the fall Brittney became WSU Spirit Champion by defeating Becky Bayless and Latasha in a Triple Threat Match. Alicia got her first WSU Spirit Championship Title Shot on November the 14th but Brittney retained by getting herself purposely counted out, NWS/WSU commissioner Gino Moore ordered an immediate rematch between Alicia & Brittney Savage for the WSU Spirit Championship on 11/21 at an NWS event in Ridgefield Park, NJ. Unfortunately for Alicia, Rick Cataldo made Brittney disqualified allowing Carter to retain once again. At 12/12 event of WSU it was scheduled a Tag Team Match between Latasha and Alicia and Jana and Brittney Savage. However Latasha couldn't make it there so it became a Single Match between Alicia and Brittney Savage with Jana and Rick Cataldo banned from Ringside. At the end of the match Alicia was able to score the win and become the First Ever Triple Crown Champion in WSU by Winning at least once WSU Championship, WSU Tag Team Championship and WSU Spirit Championship. Alicia and Brittney Savage will once again meet each other in the ring at the 3rd Anniversary Show of WSU. She successfully defended the title against Jana but she lost the title back to Brittney Savage on the Third Anniversary Show due to Rick Cataldo's Interference. Alicia won the Spirit Championship back at "When the Tigers Broke Free", defeating Savage in a three way also involving Brittany Force, but would then lose the title back to Savage in an Empty Arena match taped for WSU's Uncensored web show, when Angel Orsini hit Alicia with her All Guts, No Glory championship belt.
Championship Pursuit (2010-2012).
On May 2, 2010 Alicia was able to win for the first time the Women's J-Cup Tournament. She defeated Tina SanAntonio, Brittney Savage and Angel Orsini earning a title shot at the WSU Championship on June 26, 2010 against Mercedes Martinez. On May 3, 2010 Alicia also won the WSU King and Queen of the Ring tournament teaming with Devon Moore and defeating the teams of Danny Demanto & Marti Belle, Nicky Oceans & Jana and Kevin Matthews Nikki Roxx. On May 15, 2010 Alicia teamed with Mercedes Martinez to take on the team of Brittney Savage and Velvet Sky. During the match Alicia accidentally hit with her finishing manouvre allowing Brittney to pin Mercedes Martinez. After Alicia apologized to the WSU Champion Mercedes hit her with the Fisherman Buster. The two faced off at WSU Uncensored Rumble III with Mercedes coming out on top after hitting Alicia with the Fisherman Buster three times and thus losing her WSU Championship. Only a few months later on August 6, Alicia won the WSU Spirit Championship by defeating Brittney Savage and Brittany Force, however her success lasted a very short time, after not even 24 hours had passed, Savage would defeat Alicia in an empty arena match. On November 6, WSU made its iPPV debut which featured Alicia taking on Angel Orsini for the WSU All Guts No Glory Championship, which she lost.
2011 kicked off with a WSU Championship match against Mercedes Martinez and would once again come up short. In July, Alicia participated in her first Uncensored Rumble match where the winner would earn a title shot against the WSU Champion, which Lexxus won. Most of the year would prove to be uneventful for Alicia.
In early 2012, Alicia would begin teaming with Brittney Savage. The pair lost a number one contendership match the Midwest Militia and once the Midwest Militia cashed in their opportunity and won the WSU Tag Team Championship, Alicia and Savage would take them on and once again lose. In the first round of the 6th Annual J-Cup tournament, Alicia took on Lexxus and the match ended in a double count out.
At Uncensored Rumble V, Alicia would defeat Lexxus in one on one action, continuing their feud, Lexxus would eliminate Alicia and win the rumble a second year in a row.
Personal life.
Padovano is majoring in marketing and advertising in college. In May 2011 she graduated magna cum laude with a Master's Degree in Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="19318466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318466" title="Viver senza tei">
Viver senza tei

"Viver senza tei" ("To live without you") was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1989.
After Celine Dion's win the previous year, Switzerland were the host country for the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, held in Lausanne. Furbaz sang "Viver senza tei" for Switzerland in the Romansh language, the first (and to date only) time the language was used at Eurovision. The song was composed by band member Marie Louise Werth.
Furbaz performed 18th on the night of the contest, following Cyprus's Fani Polymeri and Giannis Savvidakis singing "Apopse As Vrethume" and preceding Greece's Mariana Efstratiou singing "To Dhiko Su Asteri". The song received 47 points, placing 13th in a field of 22.
The song was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1990 contest by Egon Egemann singing "Musik klingt in die Welt hinaus".

</doc>
<doc id="19318471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318471" title="Hudson Kennaugh">
Hudson Kennaugh

Hudson Kennaugh (born 12 January 1981) is a South African motorcycle racer. He is a former South African Superbike champion, he rode the 2009 British Supersport Championship, for the Linxcel-Seton Tuning Team. His surname is of Manx descent and is pronounced 'Ken-Oh'.(Although, the surname on the Isle of Man is pronounced as 'Kenyk' rather like the word 'cognac' only starting with 'ken' rather than 'con')
Early years.
Kennaugh began racing mini-moto aged 5, winning the Junior South African Motocross championship in 1993. He turned to road racing a year later, and in 1995 he came 4th in the South African 125cc championship. Four years of 250cc racing followed.
South African Superbikes.
Kennaugh contested the South African Supersport 600cc championship in 2002 and 2003, finishing 8th and 3rd in the championship. He then moved up to the 1000cc Superbike class, winning the title at his first attempt.
Britain and Beyond.
He did one off races in the GSX-R Cup in both 2003 and 2004, and contested the championship full-time in 2005, winning the title. He also made two World Supersport Championship starts at the end of 2005, with the Moto - 1 team.
For 2006 he moved to England, and contested that year's British Superstock Championship for the Raceways team. He started 2007 in Superstocks, but also contested several rounds of the British Superbike Championship on a Virgin Yamaha, without much success. For 2008 he mounted a challenge for the British Supersport Championship, taking on Australian Glen Richards' Triumph, taking a dominant win at Mallory Park and three poles. He ultimately finished second to Richards in the standings, despite a further win at Silverstone.
He also wildcarded in the World Supersport rounds at Brands Hatch and Donington Park, finishing 10th and 5th 
In 2009 Hudson Kennaugh joined the Linxcel-Seton Tuning Team, again in Supersport on a Yamaha. He recorded two pole positions but his best race result was a pair of fourth places.On 14 August Kennaugh announced on his website that him and the Linxcel-Seton Tuning Team had gone their separate ways. He joined Gearlink Kawasaki to replace the injured Chris Martin, but results did not improve.

</doc>
<doc id="19318504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318504" title="Little Thetford">
Little Thetford

Little Thetford is a small village and civil parish south of Ely in Cambridgeshire, England, about by road from London. The village is built on a boulder clay island surrounded by flat fenland countryside, typical of settlements in this part of the East of England. During the Mesolithic era, the fenland basin was mostly dry and forested, although subject to salt and fresh water incursions. The marshes and meres of this fenland may therefore have been difficult to occupy, other than seasonally, but there is evidence of human settlement on the island since the late Neolithic Age; a Bronze Age causeway linked the village with the nearby Barway, to the south-east. An investigation, prior to a 1995 development in the village, discovered a farm and large tile-kiln of Romano-British origin; further investigations uncovered an earlier settlement of the Pre-Roman Iron Age. The Roman road Akeman Street passed through the north-west corner of the parish, and the lost 7th century Anglo-Saxon village of Cratendune may be nearby.
The 10th-century Old English name, "lȳtel Thiutforda", suggests a ford across the nearby River Great Ouse, which today forms most of the village's eastern boundary. In 1007, an Anglo-Saxon noblewoman named Ælfwaru granted her lands in Cambridgeshire and Norfolk, including the "land at Thetford and the fisheries around those marshes", to the abbots of Ely Abbey; the village was still listed as a fishery in the Domesday Book, 79 years later. Pasture farming, and harvesting of reeds, peat, and rushes were the other dominant activities of the time. The draining of the land, which began in the 17th century, enabled arable farming activity that continues to this day. During the late 19th century, coprolite, a phosphate-rich fossil used as a fertiliser, was mined in shallow pits around the village.
Little Thetford resisted the Parliamentary Inclosure Acts of William IV for seven years, which may have led to the strong Baptist following amongst the poor of the village. About half of Little Thetford was eventually enclosed under the Parliamentary Inclosure Thetford Act of Victoria.
The river flooding, which affected 30 counties in England during March 1947, caused the Great Ouse to break its banks at Little Thetford. Heavy rain following a very severe winter overwhelmed multiple rivers throughout England and eastern Wales. It was the worst flooding in over two hundred years. The dismantled Ely and St Ives Railway crossed the A10 road at . The Cambridge station to Ely station section of the Fen Line passes through the east of the village. The rail journey from Ely to London takes about 75 minutes. Occupying an area of , and with a population of 693, Little Thetford is the smallest civil parish in the ward of Stretham; notable buildings in the village date from the 14th century.
History.
Prehistory.
There is evidence of human settlement at Little Thetford since the Neolithic Age. A 1996 search along the Anglian Water pipeline at Little Thetford—Cawdle Fen uncovered an important and unusually dense concentration of late Neolithic (3000–2201 BC) remains. This is unusual because, although the fenland basin was dry and forested during the Mesolithic era, the area was sometimes subject to marine incursions, and at other times, fresh-water flooding. This led to marshes and open water areas which may have been difficult to settle on—except perhaps for seasonal activity. A Neolithic polished flint axe (4000–2201 BC) was found in the village in 1984 at Bedwell Hey Farm. Fourteen pre-Roman flints of various finishes were also discovered in 1998 at the same site.
A more substantial Bronze Age settlement is known to have existed; the remains of what may have been a causeway were discovered in 1934, in the form of wooden piles unearthed by a farmer between Little Thetford and nearby Barway. A Bronze Age ring and a late Bronze Age sherd were excavated nearby. There have been a number of Bronze Age finds in the area, including a pre–701 BC palstave at nearby Fordey farm, Barway, and at Little Thetford, a middle Bronze Age (1600–1001 BC) rapier in 1953, and a late Bronze Age flesh-hook in 1929.
A Romano-British farm around 200 AD, largely built upon a previous Iron Age settlement dating from 200–100 BC, was discovered during the Watson's Lane development in 1994. Pre-Roman Iron Age and Romano-British pottery was found on the site, as well as human skeletal remains. A single-flue-chamber tile kiln was also uncovered. Roofing tile fragments were found near the kiln, including tegulae, imbrices, lydions, pedales and sesquipedales. The Roman road Akeman Street is three-quarters of a mile () due west of the village.
Medieval.
A middle Saxon pendant dating from 601–700 AD was discovered in a field in Little Thetford in 1952. This diameter by thick pendant, made from rock-crystal, gold, garnet, and amethyst coloured-glass, has been worked in a lathe. The workmanship is not of a high standard. Æthelberht of Kent was said to have built a church at Cratendune around 600 AD, about a mile from what is now Ely Cathedral. In 673 AD, Æthelthryth considered restoring this church, thought to have been destroyed by Penda of Mercia, but instead made what is now Ely Cathedral the site of her monastery. An early Anglo-Saxon cemetery, used at some point between 410–1065 AD, was uncovered around 1945 near Little Thetford (52.376N, 0.2375E), and was thought to be this lost village of Cratendune. A deserted Saxon settlement, 410–1065 AD, examined in 1999 in Ely, may also be a candidate for this lost site of worship.
Little Thetford means "little public" or "people's ford"—Old English "lȳtel Thiutforda" (c. 972) and (1086)—compare with Thetford, Norfolk—Old English "Thēodford" (late 9th century) and "Tedfort" (1086). The online Domesday Book records the settlement under the name . The first written evidence that Ely Abbey had inherited the Little Thetford lands was in the 12th-century chronicle, "Liber Eliensis". The will of Ælfwaru (d. 1007), an Anglo-Saxon noblewoman, granted estates in Cambridgeshire and Norfolk to the Abbey, which included "... that land at Thetford and fisheries around those marshes". In 1110, Hervey le Breton, Bishop of Ely, granted the manor to William Brito, his Archdeacon and also his nephew. Chapel Hill in the village, near the river, commemorates the site of Harrimere Chapel, used since 1381. Some of the stone from this chapel, dismantled in 1571, was used in the building of St George's Church. By 1539, the Little Thetford manor and its estates contained arable land, pasture, gardens, and orchards. In the mid-16th century, the antiquary William Bowyer owned the farm.
There was once a medieval windmill in Thetford Field, west of the main built up area of the village. This may have been the site of the "look-out tower" that village legend says had been used during the Norman Conquest by Hereward the Wake's defence of the Isle of Ely; a deserted settlement at this location may once have been the centre of the village. The stump of a late medieval (roughly 1540–1900 AD) windmill in the present centre of the village was converted into a house. The site of this mill is where the Roundhouse still stands to this day. The Harrimere windmill was on the east bank of the River Great Ouse at Barway. The chain ferry linked Barway with Little Thetford.
Modern.
The apothecary and botanist, William Sole (June 1741 February 1802), was born in Little Thetford and educated at King's School, Ely. Sole was apprenticed to Robert Cory of Cambridge for five years; he followed this by setting up a solo apothecary practice in Bath and later a practice in partnership with Thomas West. Sole published "Menthae Britannicae"; he was one of the first elected associates of the Linnean Society of London and Sprengel named a plant species "Solea" (now "Viola") after him.
An Enclosure Act is a parliamentary authority to fence-off common land, thus making that land private property, while awarding commoners land in compensation. "Inclosure" is the name given to the parliamentary statute thus created. The enclosure process began in the 13th century and was supported by Acts of Parliament from 1640. In November 1833, the Isle of Ely intended to apply for Acts of Parliament to enclose the lands of Little Thetford. Officials arrived in the village armed with nothing more than a notice to be pinned on the Church of England's St. George's church door, but were prevented from doing so by a dozen villagers. They returned later with ten constables, authorised by Ely magistrates, and were confronted this time by 150 stick-wielding protesters, who continued to prevent due process. When the clergyman, Henry Hervey Baber, arrived the following afternoon, he was prevented from carrying out his normal Sunday service. Villagers may have rebelled against the church at this time, perhaps believing it was acting on behalf of the establishment in the enclosure acts. This event may have been the trigger that, five years later, encouraged a strong Baptist following amongst the poorer villagers. About half the total area of Little Thetford was eventually enclosed in 1844, seven years after that of Stretham.
The village sent 61 men to fight in the First World War, which represents over 30 percent of the village population of 1911. Two villagers won Distinguished Conduct Medals. Thirteen villagers—over six percent of the village—died at battles including La Cateau, Second Battle of Ypres, Gallipoli Campaign, Battle of the Somme, and the Battle of Arras.
One of the thatched houses in Little Thetford was destroyed by fire. Reported in the "Cambridge Chronicle" 6 November 1930, the cause of the fire at the c. 13th-century six-room building was not known. Fireworks were being discharged at the other end of the village. All that remained were burnt beams and smouldering walls, which were apparently made of old fen-mud. The villagers saved the nearby Three Horseshoes public house, by forming a bucket chain, and pouring water on its thatched roof.
Two residents of the village were killed in action during the Second World War. One villager, serving with the 5th Battalion of the Suffolk Regiment, was captured during the Battle of Singapore, and died in captivity in Thailand. Another villager, serving on board , was fatally wounded at Salerno during his ship's support of the Allied invasion of Italy.
The river floods that began in mid-March 1947 affected over of England. Some parts of thirty out of the forty English counties were underwater for nearly two weeks, during the worst flooding for over 200 years. Before the flooding, snow had been falling continuously since 23 January, with drifts up to deep in places. The winter of 1946–1947 had been very severe, with mean average temperatures 4 °C (7 °F) below normal, for that time of year. As the thaw began in mid-March, the warmer weather brought heavy rains. The rain running off the frozen ground, combined with the thaw, overwhelmed multiple rivers in England and eastern Wales, which flooded. The River Great Ouse collapsed at Little Thetford on 17th March, flooding over of nearby land. The army was drafted in to help repair the river banks, assisted by villagers, including women, and German prisoners.
Built in 1958, the village hall houses the village social club, which started in a small extension to the hall in 1973. The club was extended in 1981, as the membership had grown to over 400. Ely Member of Parliament, Mr. Clement Freud, opened the new room, built mainly by members themselves, on 7 May 1981.
Governance.
In 1929, Stretham and Little Thetford were together one of the twelve parishes of the South Witchford Hundred, with a total area of . The village of Little Thetford is coterminous with the civil parish of Thetford. The civil parish today is in the ward of Stretham, which comprises three civil parishes, Stretham, Thetford, and Wilburton, each of which has an elected council. Thetford seems to be the preferred administrative name used for the village, however it is easily confused with Thetford in Norfolk. Parish council services include bus shelters, cemeteries, shared equity housing, local planning consultation, play areas, village halls, and war memorials. Parish council meetings are held in the village hall situated in each civil parish. Little Thetford is also an ecclesiastical parish, although the church no longer has the same administrative responsibilities as it had until the early 19th century. A civil parish need not cover the same area as an ecclesiastical parish, but in the case of Little Thetford, they do.
The civil parish councils were governed by Ely Rural District council from 1894 until 1974. East Cambridgeshire District Council (ECDC) was formed in 1974 with administration buildings in Ely. The district council collects council tax, provides services such as building regulations and local planning, leisure and tourism, handles issues strategic to the district, and many other services. ECDC is in turn governed by Cambridgeshire County Council which has administration buildings in Cambridge. The county council provides county-wide services such as major road infrastructure, fire and rescue, libraries and heritage, and strategic planning. A mobile library visits the village every fortnight.
The parish is represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom as part of South East Cambridgeshire. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. It is also part of the East of England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.
Geography.
Geology and topography.
The village, which lies at about above sea-level, sits largely on the Kimmeridge Clay, a Jurassic shallow-water shelf-sea deposit, with an overall south-south-east to south-east dip. Underlying the Kimmeridge Clay, are similarly dipping older Jurassic clays, which also contain thin beds of limestone and sandstone. Overlying the Kimmeridge Clay and lying some distance to the east of the village are similarly dipping, younger Cretaceous rocks, comprising the Greensand and Chalk. At the west of the village, an outlier of Greensand forms the foundation of a hill rising to some above sea-level. This hill is capped by much younger (Pleistocene) boulder clay, the result of large ice sheets having moved over the wider general area.
The Greensand also crops out to the south of the village. There it forms the eastern end of a similar outlier, on top of which is sited the village of Stretham. To the north-west of Little Thetford, a further outlier of Greensand, capped by boulder clay, occurs in the vicinity of Bedwell Hey Farm. Northwards, an even larger outlier of Greensand, partly capped by glacial deposits, forms a hill rising to above sea-level. This, the highest point locally, has allowed the development of the regionally important Saxon settlement of Ely, Cambridgeshire.
Even more geologically recent gravel, alluvium and fen deposits are found in the valley of the River Great Ouse at the eastern end of the village; they merge into the extensive flat tracts of The Fens which stretch north-north-west towards The Wash. Holme at nine feet () below sea-level is East Cambridgeshire's (and the United Kingdom's) lowest point, and is north-west.
Boundaries.
The A10 road forms most of the western boundary. The fourth longest river in the United Kingdom, the River Great Ouse, forms most of the eastern boundary. The northern boundary of the village extends from the north of Bedwell Hey Farm then eastwards across the A10 road to the River Great Ouse. Braham Farm falls just outside the village boundary to the north. The southern boundary encloses the Stretham coprolite pits, between Hundred Acre and Holt Fen, thus putting the pits firmly within the Little Thetford boundary. The size of the parish has changed. It was two-and-a-half-square mile () in 1861; one-point-seven-square mile () between 1891 and 1931; then changed to the present value of two-square mile () from 1951 onwards.
Drainage and the Fens.
There are many man-made waterways, or Lodes nearby, including Wicken Lode and Soham Lode. Researchers suggest the Fenland Lodes are Roman in origin—almost certainly Soham Lode. Other researchers disagree, presenting a case for such lodes being Anglo-Saxon or later. The Thetford catchwater (drain), constructed in 1838, runs south-west to north-east around the eastern edge of the built-up part of the village. It drains by gravity, into the River Great Ouse north-east of the village, at the Braham Dock drain.
The Earl of Bedford carried out extensive venture-capital led Fen draining schemes during the 17th century. The Fens continue to be drained to this day. Wicken Fen, one of Britain's oldest nature reserves, is two-mile () south-east of the village. Little Thetford is in the Littleport and Downham Internal Drainage board, which itself is part of the Ely Group of Internal Drainage Boards. Stretham and Prickwillow local museums preserve examples of steam-driven and diesel-driven pumping stations, respectively. The Little Thetford pumping station is just inside the eastern boundary of the village.
Climate.
With an average annual rainfall of , Cambridgeshire is one of the driest counties in the British Isles. Protected from the cool onshore coastal breezes east of the region, Cambridgeshire is warm in summer and cold and frosty in winter. Regional weather forecasting and historical summaries are available from the UK Met Office. The nearest Met Office weather station is Cambridge NIAB. Additional local weather stations report periodic figures to the internet such as Weather Underground, Inc.
Demography.
Between 1881 and 1961, the village population density remained static at around . In contrast, the England and Wales figures for the same period almost doubled, rising from around to around . Little Thetford is in output area classification zones (CGM) six and seven. The area is classified as type three-C, accessible countryside. In this classification, most residents work from home employed in agriculture or fishing. The areas in this classification are less densely populated than other areas of the country. The usually detached households generally have two or more cars. Varied ethnic backgrounds are less likely in such areas.
Economy.
The marshes and meres surrounding the village supported fishing since Saxon times, at least until significant draining during the 17th century. Eels were plentiful in the waters in and around the Isle of Ely (Eel–ey). In 1086, Little Thetford was worth 3,250 eels to the nearby abbots. In one year, 1087, it was written that 52,000 eels were caught in and around the city. The islands in this landscape supported pastures; whilst reeds, peat, and rushes were harvested from the wetlands. As the land was drained, arable farming became the dominant activity, as it is today.
Little Thetford played a part in the coprolite mining rush of c. 1858–1900. Coprolites are phosphate-rich fossils found below the surface in deep by rarely more than wide Gault clay beds. When mixed with sulphuric acid, the coprolite forms a fertiliser. One author attributes the Stretham coprolite pit, in Little Thetford, as being owned by John Bailey Denton, 1814–1893, the surveyor and civil engineer. The site was worked from 1866. Mainly local labour was used in shovelling the coprolite from the pit, for washing and sorting. In 1871, six percent of the population of Little Thetford worked at the pit. The coprolite was transported to the James Fison (now Fisons Ltd) factory in Thetford, Norfolk, by river and then onwards by railway.
The Three Horseshoes, now a residential property, was one of seven public houses known to be within the village boundaries since the mid-19th century. The British Beer and Pub Association estimated in 2001 that "six rural pubs close each week". There was a public house at Little Thetford, the Fish and Duck, situated along the river nearer Stretham; it closed sometime during 2006, and the owning company dissolved on 11 May 2010. There is a combined newsagent, post office, and grocery store in Stretham, south of the village. The one remaining local store is the recumbent bicycle shop, D.Tek, on the main street.
The average distance the village population travels to work, by any means, is . Most residents commute to Cambridge, although some villagers use the 75-minute Fen Line commuter service to London from Ely railway station, away. There is a train every 30 minutes during peak time.
Community facilities.
Sports and social activities including regular quiz-nights, netball, and cricket, are held in and around the village hall. The hall is a brick building erected in 1958. The larger of the two village greens is used as a play area. A picnic bench shaded by large trees is available for passing walkers. The green has a full-sized basketball hoop at one end. Dog control orders are in force. In the Upware to Ely section of Judith Bambers "Rough Guide to walks in London and the south-east", a walk is described which passes Little Thetford on the east bank of the River Great Ouse.
Saffron Walden Angling Club, formed in 1960, has a number of venues, including Little Thetford on the River Great Ouse. Fish species caught, along the weed and reed-lined river at Little Thetford, include roach, bream, rudd, perch and bleak. In addition, some tench to and rarely carp have been landed. A family run all-year-round grass camp site is in the village, offering 36 pitches for caravans or tents, with toilet facilities, showers, a laundry room, a vegetable preparation area, and washing-up facilities.
Notable buildings.
St George's Church is a 14th-century stone building with slate roof. The roof was thatched until 1863, when the church was heavily restored. In 1886, it was struck by lightning and required extensive rebuilding. Today, the church consists of a chancel, nave, north porch, and south vestry. The octagonal bowl font still has an original lead lining. St. George's Church, a Grade II* listed building, is part of the Ely Team Ministry. The Baptist chapel was erected in 1867 on the site of its 1839 predecessor.
The Round House is thought to be a late 15th-century dovecote. A Sun Firemark insurance policy still exists, number 616606, dated July 1793, the earliest known written record of the house. Other sources suggest the Round House is an 18th-century thatched cottage, similar to the South African rondavel. A further source classifies this building as a post-medieval, 1540–1900 AD, windmill. A family of 13 children lived in the building during the 19th century. The now private dwelling was re-thatched in 2009.
The Horseshoes is a Grade II listed residential thatched cottage, which was originally the Three Horseshoes public house, a 17th-century pink-painted cottage built to follow the curve of the road. April Thatch is a former public house, now a Grade II listed residential property. This white-painted early 18th-century cottage used to be the Rose & Crown.
Transport.
A half-mile () section of the Roman road Akeman Street is shown on the 1903 Ordnance Survey map, three-quarters of a mile () due west of the village. This straight north-north-east section originates in Stretham and heads towards Ely. John Cary, the 18th-century cartographer, documents a coach route from London to King's Lynn passing by the village in his Cary's New Itinerary Road vehicle access to the village is now from the A10 road at Thetford Corner. Stagecoach operate the X9 bus service, Cambridge to March via Ely. This service stops near The Wyches, Thetford Corner. The village is a cul-de-sac to road vehicles, with no possible passage except in and out. It is a five-minute walk to the River Great Ouse from the eastern end of Holt Fen.
The former Ely and St Ives Railway, known locally as the Grunty Fen express, crossed the A10 road at Thetford Corner. Passenger service ceased in February 1931; the line was never popular because of the high cost of travel. In 1866, a year after the Ely–Sutton section opened, for example, the return journey from Ely to Sutton cost 2s 0d. That equates to a cost of almost £ at present worth, as of . The line completely closed in 1964. The nearest station was Stretham railway station, situated on nearby Grunty Fen. The Fen Line, Cambridge to Ely railway is close to the River Great Ouse as they both pass the village. Little Thetford "presents a picturesque appearance from the railway. The main line running close to its eastern end". The nearest station is at Ely, north-east of the village, about one hour 15 minutes away from London by rail.
The village can also be accessed by boat. The River Great Ouse passes to the east, forming much of the village's eastern boundary, and there are mooring bollards inside the village boundary. A privately owned 1945 de Havilland Dragon Rapide, based at the Shuttleworth Trust's Old Warden airfield, passes over the village during sightseeing tours to Ely. A privately maintained light aircraft airfield is located at Bedwell Hey Farm in the village.
Education.
Little Thetford School is a Church of England primary school. In 1870, there was a school in the village using run-down premises lent by "Townsend's Feoffee", now the John Townsend charity. Following local subscriptions and charitable donations, a 75-place school, designed by J. P. St. Aubyn, was erected in 1872. This late Victorian building now provides education to around 100 pupils. The school was ranked joint-top in all of Cambridgeshire by aggregate-scores in all three key-stage 2 test subjects in 2009. The secondary education school, City of Ely Community College, is from the village. The independent King's school, established c. 970, is also in Ely. King's provides education to pupils of nursery age through to international study.
Public services.
Anglian Water supplies the village water and sewage services from their Ely Public Water Supply zone FE33. The water quality was reported as excellent in 2009. In the same report, the hardness was reported as 304 mg/l. This is in the hard range of the scale which is more than moderately hard and less than very hard. The nearest reservoir, Grafham Water, is due west of the village.
The Distribution Network Operator for electricity is EDF Energy. The largest straw-burning power station in the world is at nearby Sutton. This renewable energy resource power station rated at 36.85 MW from burning biomass, nearly 25 percent of the total renewable energy reported for Cambridgeshire in 2009. The world's largest poultry litter power plant, 38.5 MW, at Thetford, refers to the "other" Thetford in Norfolk. 
East Cambridgeshire District Council is part of the Recycling in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough (RECAP) Partnership, which was granted Beacon status for waste and recycling in 2006–2007.
National health services (NHS) for the village are administered by NHS East of England. Acute cases are handled by four hospitals, including Addenbrooke's Hospital, south and Papworth Hospital south-west of the village. The nearest doctor's surgery is Haddenham Surgery, Stretham, south of the village. This is a satellite surgery for the main surgery in Haddenham, Cambridgeshire, west of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19318518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318518" title="Mapleson Cylinders">
Mapleson Cylinders

The Mapleson Cylinders are a group of more than 100 phonograph cylinders recorded live at the Metropolitan Opera, primarily in the years 1901–1903, by the Met librarian Lionel Mapleson (a nephew of impresario James Henry Mapleson).
The cylinders contain short fragments of actual operatic performances from the Italian, German and French repertoires. Despite their variable quality of sound (some are quite good while others are nearly inaudible), the cylinders have great historical value thanks to the unique aural picture they document of pre-World War I singers in performance at an opera house with a full orchestra. Other contemporary recordings only capture singers as recorded with piano or a tiny orchestra in a boxy commercial recording studio. The Mapleson cylinders also feature the only recordings known to exist of a number of famous singers and conductors who were never recorded commercially. They include legendary tenor Jean de Reszke, soprano Milka Ternina, and conductor Luigi Mancinelli.
History.
On March 17, 1900, Lionel Mapleson, the librarian of the Metropolitan Opera House in New York City, purchased an Edison Home Phonograph. Mapleson was apparently enchanted with the acoustic device, and on March 21, 1900, his friend the cellist and occasional composer Leo Stern presented him with a new machine: a Bettini cylinder recorder and reproducer. By the end of the month, Mapleson had persuaded the soprano Marcella Sembrich to record her vocalization of Johann Strauss's "Frühlingsstimmen" into it.
The following year, Mapleson hatched the idea of putting the recorder in the prompter's box of the Met. His first effort recorded Nellie Melba singing a scrap of music during a performance of Massenet's "Le Cid" on January 16, 1901. He recorded several more times during performances, still utilising the prompter's box, but often with unsatisfactory results. After a short cessation and with the commencement of the 1901–1902 season, he resumed his recording activity from up in the flies of the Met. This time, he employed a huge recording horn that would be able to capture the sounds emanating from singers and orchestra stationed below. He was thus able to unobtrusively record bits of many stage performances from 1901 through 1903. The morning after his recording 'session', he would invite the artists involved to listen to playbacks of their performances. His recording activity continued until the end of the 1902–1903 season. At that point Mapleson either lost interest or was forbidden by the Met's management from continuing his recording activities (although a few cylinders exist of orchestral rehearsals or concerts dating from 1904).
IRCC.
Alerted to the cylinders' existence from an article in "The New Yorker", William H. Seltsam, secretary (actually head) of the International Record Collectors' Club (IRCC), met with Mapleson a few months before his death on December 21, 1937. Mapleson offered two cylinders with the challenge to derive something from them. Seltsam's experiment met with success and after Mapleson's death, was able to borrow 120 cylinders from his estate for the purpose of releasing them on IRCC issues. Over the remainder of Seltsam's lifetime, the IRCC was able to issue about 60 sides on 78-rpm records and LPs.
After Mapleson's death, a number of cylinders were found in a junk store in Brooklyn, and were purchased by various collectors.
New York Public Library and CD Reissue.
With the co-operation of collectors, by 1962 eventually all existing Mapleson Cylinders had wound up in the The Rodgers and Hammerstein Archives of Recorded Sound, a division of The New York Public Library. In 1985, under the direction of David Hall, the library transferred all the existing cylinders to six LPs which were released with a 72-page booklet containing translations and extensive historical and biographical notes.
In 2000, David Hamilton and Seth Winner gave a lecture-demonstration to determine if any more sound information could be retrieved from the cylinders using the most modern technology then available. Their verdict was that the cylinders were then too deteriorated to retrieve much more information than previous dubbings.
A number of the cylinders have been reissued on CD by the Romophone and Marston record labels as part of wider anthologies devoted to individual singers. A comprehensive but unauthorized CD transfer of the cylinders was issued in 1987 by the British company Symposium Records (catalogue number: Symposium 1284). For its reissue, Symposium used the IRCC 78 rpm recordings.
Artists.
Singers included on existing Mapleson Cylinders are:
Suzanne Adams, Albert Alvarez, Georg Anthes, Jacques Bars, Mathilde Bauermeister, Bernard Bégué, David Bispham, Robert Blass, Lucienne Bréval, Carrie Bridewell, Alois Burgstaller, Emma Calvé, Giuseppe Campanari, Carlo Dani, Emilio de Marchi, Edouard de Reszke, Jean de Reszke, Andreas Dippel, Emma Eames, Johanna Gadski, Emil Gerhäuser, Charles Gilibert, Louise Homer, Marcel Journet, Marguerite Marilly, Aristide Masiero, Marie Maurer, Nellie Melba, Adolph Mühlmann, Lillian Nordica, Pol Plançon, Albert Reiss, Luise Reuss-Belce, Albert Saléza, Thomas Salignac, Fritzi Scheff, Ernestine Schumann-Heink, Antonio Scotti, Marcella Sembrich, Camille Seygard, Eugene Sizès, Milka Ternina, Marie Van Cauteren, Anton van Rooy, Roberto Vanni, Lodovico Viviani, Alexander Von Bandrowski, and Adolph Von Hübbenet.
Conductors included on existing Mapleson Cylinders are:
Walter Damrosch, Phillippe Flon, Nahan Franko, Alfred Hertz, Luigi Mancinelli, Felix Mottl, Armando Seppilli, and Artur Vigna.

</doc>
<doc id="19318528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318528" title="2008 KV42">
2008 KV42

, nicknamed "Drac" (short for "Dracula"), is a trans-Neptunian object orbiting the Sun in retrograde motion (backwards) and almost perpendicular to the ecliptic: it has a 104-degree inclination. This odd orbit suggests that may have been perturbed inwards from the Oort cloud. Comets are thought to originate from the Oort cloud and this discovery may finally show how they transition from the Oort cloud to become objects like Halley's Comet. is only 1 of 5 objects known to have i>60 and q>15AU (HiHq objects).
The orbits of trans-Neptunian objects provide important clues as to how the outer Solar System took form and evolved. Discoveries of new classes of objects have led to fresh insights into the early history of the Solar System, challenging accepted theories. The discovery of , the first-ever object in this region to be detected with a retrograde orbit, promises to do just that.
"Although we've been specifically looking for highly-tilted trans-Neptunians for some time now, we didn't expect to find a retrograde one", said Dr. JJ Kavelaars of the National Research Council of Canada. "A number of theories on the formation of the outer Solar System have suggested that such things might be out there, but observational searches for them are very difficult."
Part of the difficulty is that these objects are extremely rare. Despite having surveyed most of the northern sky for bright objects of this type, astronomers have found only one other that might belong to the same class as . Discovered in 2002 by the Deep Ecliptic Survey, has an orbit on a 77-degree tilt.
One of the great frustrations for researchers looking into the region beyond Neptune has been trying to pin down the source regions for various comet types. Finding objects that provide a link between the source region and the observed comet population is an enormous help in choosing between the source regions, greatly clarifying our understanding of the formation of the outer Solar System.
This discovery was made using the Canada–France–Hawaii Telescope in Hawaii, with follow-up observations provided by the MMT telescope in Arizona, the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory (CTIO) 4-metre telescope in Chile, and the Gemini South telescope, also in Chile, of Canada's Gemini Observatory. The discovery team consists of scientists in Canada, France, and the United States.
"Having quick access to the MMT and Gemini South telescopes, via the generous support of the observers at MMT and the Canadian Director of Gemini South, Jean‑René Roy, was a huge help here. Given the highly unusual orbit, the object would have been lost without the critical tracking contribution of these large telescopes," said Dr. Brett Gladman, an astronomy professor and Canada Research Chair at the University of British Columbia.
The discovery team is currently planning follow-up observations of to pin down its orbit with greater precision. The work of unraveling the archaeological information trapped in the orbit of this trans-Neptunian object can then begin.
The discovery of was announced at the 10th triennial "Asteroids, Comets and Meteors" meeting in Baltimore and via the Minor Planet Electronic Circular (MPEC) 2008-O02 on July 16, 2008, and International Astronomical Union electronic circular (IAUC) 8960 on July 18, 2008. Recent observations taken with the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope have further refined our knowledge of the orbit, securing this as a possible link between the inner Oort cloud and the Halley-type comets.
With a semi-major axis of 46±5 AU, was discovered while at a distance of 32 AU and has a perihelion at roughly the distance of Uranus.

</doc>
<doc id="19318588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318588" title="Rob Stafford">
Rob Stafford

Rob Stafford (born December 15, 1958) is a Chicago television anchor and a former correspondent for NBC's Dateline NBC newsmagazine.
Early life and education.
A native of New Hampshire, Robert R. Stafford earned a degree in political science and journalism at Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota in 1981.
Professional career.
Stafford began his career as a reporter and anchor for KBJR-TV in Duluth, Minnesota and WFRV-TV in Green Bay, Wisconsin. He then became a morning news anchor and an investigative reporter at WFTV-TV in Orlando, Florida. While at WFTV, Stafford founded the station's investigative unit and launched a two-year investigation into hotel security in Orlando, which because of Disney World is a popular tourist destination. Stafford's work exposed significant security breaches for tourists and ultimately resulted in a grand jury investigation.
In September 1992, Stafford joined WBBM-TV in Chicago as a general assignment reporter. During his four years at the station, he also worked as a fill-in anchor.
Stafford left WBBM in 1996 to join NBC's Dateline NBC newsmagazine show, where he worked as a Chicago-based correspondent for the newsmagazine program for almost 11 years. He was fired from Dateline NBC in 2006 in a cost-cutting move.
On September 23, 2007, Stafford joined WMAQ-TV in Chicago as a weekend anchor and general assignment reporter. "I wanted this job and asked for it," Stafford told the Chicago Sun-Times after being hired by WMAQ.
He moved to the main anchor position in July 2009 and currently anchors the station's 5 p.m., 6 p.m., and 10 p.m. newscasts.
Awards.
While at Dateline, Stafford won two national news Emmy awards. He also won the Edward R. Murrow award in 2000 for his Dateline investigation into racial profiling.
Personal.
Stafford and his wife, Lisa, live in Hinsdale, Illinois. 

</doc>
<doc id="19318598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318598" title="Jim Giles">
Jim Giles

Jim Giles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19318615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318615" title="Chris McGrath">
Chris McGrath

Chris McGrath may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19318626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318626" title="Corned beef sandwich">
Corned beef sandwich

A corned beef sandwich is a sandwich prepared with corned beef. The salt beef style corned beef sandwiches are traditionally served with mustard and a pickle. 
Another variant has sauerkraut, known as a Reuben sandwich.
A contraband corned beef sandwich brought aboard the Gemini 3 spacecraft resulted in a sandwich in space incident.

</doc>
<doc id="19318653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318653" title="Gran Peña FC">
Gran Peña FC

Gran Peña Fútbol Club is a Spanish football club based in the parish of Lavadores, Vigo, in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1926 it currently plays in Preferente Autonómica, holding home games at "Municipal de Barreiro", with a 4,500-seat capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="19318663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318663" title="1999 Oahu Bowl">
1999 Oahu Bowl

The 1999 Jeep Oahu Bowl was a college football bowl game, played as part of the 1999-2000 bowl game schedule of the 1999 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the 2nd Oahu Bowl. It was played on December 25, 1999, at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii. The game matched the Hawaii Warriors against the Oregon State Beavers, who were making their first bowl game appearance in 35 seasons, and was televised on ESPN. The victory marked the finale to one of the most memorable seasons in school history as Hawaii had seen an improvement of nine wins over the previous winless season in . Hawaii won the 1999 contest 23-17.

</doc>
<doc id="19318668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318668" title="Anal Cunt discography">
Anal Cunt discography

The discography of Anal Cunt, an American grindcore band, currently consists of eight studio albums, five compilation albums, ten extended plays (EPs), one demos and seven split EPs.

</doc>
<doc id="19318720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318720" title="Luis Manresa Formosa">
Luis Manresa Formosa

Luis Manresa Formosa born in Guatemala City, Guatemala in the spring of 1915 and was ordained a priest on July 29, 1948 in the Catholic religious order of the Society of Jesus. 
Appointed bishop of the Diocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapan on November 30, 1955, he was ordained bishop on January 6, 1956, remaining in his post until May 30, 1979, when he resigned.

</doc>
<doc id="19318733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318733" title="List of Nepalese models">
List of Nepalese models

This is a partial list of Nepalese models.

</doc>
<doc id="19318735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318735" title="Zentis">
Zentis

Zentis is a German jam and confectionery manufacturer. It supplies finished products to customers and also to companies, especially dairy product industries, for which it is the market leader in Europe.
History.
The company was established by Franz Zentis on 20 June 1893 in Aachen as a trading company. Real breakthrough came in 1900, with the production of "FAMOS" a jam made from dried apricots and sugar. There are no Zentis producers in the United States, except for one in northern Indiana. It is found in the town of Plymouth, Indiana.
Pope Benedict XVI is among the company's patrons; every December near Christmas, a German banker from Bavaria, a Munich native named Thaddaeus Joseph Kuehnel, hand-delivers sweets from the company to the Vatican, along with Bavarian sausages from the Pope's favorite restaurant, Franziskaner, and special mustard.

</doc>
<doc id="19318740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318740" title="Administrative divisions of Uganda">
Administrative divisions of Uganda

Uganda is divided into 
Subdivisions in Uganda are officially united and served by the national government body, the Uganda Local Governments Association (ULGA). 

</doc>
<doc id="19318749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318749" title="Upper Fell's Point">
Upper Fell's Point

Upper Fells Point, also known as "Fells Prospect," is a neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Located north of Historic Fells Point, originally the neighborhood was home to Baltimore's dock workers. By the 1880s canneries and factories provided employment to new immigrants, including Irish, Italians and Poles. In the early 1900s these new Americans were joined by Jews, Lithuanians and Greeks. Today its tidy brick rowhouses and tree-lined streets are home to both old-timers and young urban professionals. It is also the heart of Baltimore's growing Latino community and is sometimes called "Spanish Town". Although most Hispanics in the neighborhood are Mexicans, there are significant populations of Salvadorans, Puerto Ricans, Hondurans, Dominicans, Guatemalans, Colombians, and Cubans, as well as many others.
It is bordered by S. Broadway on the west, S. Patterson Park Avenue on the east, E. Lombard Street on the north and Eastern Avenue on the south, Upper Fells Point's central location puts residents within walking distance of Patterson Park, the dining and nightlife of Fells Point, Little Italy and Canton, and Johns Hopkins Hospital. It is also just a water taxi ride from Baltimore's Inner Harbor as well as Federal Hill.
In 2006 the Baltimore City Paper selected Upper Fells Point as Baltimore's Best Neighborhood.
The neighborhood was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 21, 2007. It is within Baltimore National Heritage Area.
History.
Prior to 1729, the town of Fells Point consisted of three homes, several tobacco houses, an orchard, and a mill. The name "Fell's Prospect" derives from the name given to the area in 1730 by an English Quaker, William Fell, who bought land on a marshy hook that jutted into the Patapsco River. He called his tract of land "Fell's Prospect," sensing the Point's possibilities for shipping and shipbuilding. The river offered a deep-water anchorage, which enabled seagoing vessels to send smaller boats back and forth from shore with cargo.
In 1797 Fells Point was incorporated into Baltimore town as the Debtor Hundred, a parcel of land that included all the Fell family holdings, both the Point and the higher ground to the north then known as Fells Prospect, often referred to as Upper Fells Point.
Fells Point was largely responsible for shaping the ethnic character of Upper Fells as it exists today. The first wave of immigrants were the Irish, establishing the second Catholic Church in Baltimore, St. Patrick's, in 1792. A few years later, this was the site of the first free school in Baltimore. It was academically rigorous and admitted poor children of all races and religions. The Irish and African-Americans lived side by side with the newer German immigrants.
By 1860, one quarter of the population of Baltimore was German. By the 1880s East Baltimore canneries and clothing sweatshops were providing employment to hordes of newcomers. Czechs from Bohemia, Scandinavians, Italians, and Poles found work and lodging in Upper Fells Point. These groups were joined by the Lithuanians and Greeks in the early 1900s. The Depression caused many of the larger homes in the area to be divided into multi-family dwellings. Adding to the neighborhood's ethnic diversity is a Hispanic population.
Population.
As of 2010, Upper Fells Point was 37.7% white, 36.9% Hispanic, 16.8% African American, 7.4% Asian, and 1.2% other. The neighborhood has a diverse population.

</doc>
<doc id="19318751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318751" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 82 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 82 kg

The Men's Freestyle 82 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19318766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318766" title="Frederick William Grafton">
Frederick William Grafton

Frederick William Grafton (1816 - 27 January 1890) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician.
He was the eldest son of Joseph Smith Grafton, a Manchester merchant. Following a private education he obtained employment at a calico printing works. He subsequently established his own calico printing business, F.W. Grafton and Company, with premises in at Broad Oak Works, Accrington and Manchester. He was a major employer in the area and was selected as a parliamentary candidate by the Liberal Party at the 1880 general election. He was felt to represent the "commercial class" and was elected to represent North East Lancashire along with Lord Hartington.
When the North East Lancashire seat was split into four divisions by the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885, Grafton was chosen to contest the new Accrington constituency. Although elected as a Liberal, he voted against the government's First Home Rule Bill and joined the Unionist Party. The rejection of the bill led to the dissolution of parliament, and Grafton announced that he would not be standing due to ill health.
Grafton lived at Heysham Hall, Lancaster and Hope Hall, Manchester. He married Emily Sophia Howard in 1850. Frederick Grafton died at his London residence, 7 Kensington Palace Gardens in January 1890, aged 74.

</doc>
<doc id="19318769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318769" title="Zagreb train disaster">
Zagreb train disaster

The Zagreb train disaster occurred on August 30, 1974, when an express train (number 10410) traveling from Belgrade to Dortmund derailed before entering Zagreb Main Station (then in Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, present-day Croatia), killing 153 people. It was the worst rail accident in the country’s history to that date and remains one of the worst in Europe’s history. Many of the passengers died immediately, as many as 41 of whom could not be identified and were buried in a common grave at the Mirogoj Cemetery.
The accident occurred when a passenger express train from all nine cars derailed and rolled over at the entrance to Zagreb's main train station, at 719 meter from the entrance to the track IIa. At 22:33 hours the locomotive on the track IIa station went alone.
The passengers found were mainly gastarbeiters from Germany and their families, including a lot of children. The driver and assistant remained unharmed, and the locomotive intact. The locomotive is now on display in the Croatian Railway Museum.
The train was arriving into Zagreb from Vinkovci at 19.45 local time. The driver, Nikola Knežević and his assistant Stjepan Varga, were both exhausted, both of them having worked for two full days.
A subsequent investigation into the accident showed that the train at several sites exceeded the speed limit by nearly 70 kilometers per hour, so that instead of entering the station at the speed limit of 40 km/h, the engine driver rushed in with a speed of 104 km/h. They also began to hit the brakes too late, so that the train derailed and soon became an unrecognizable wreck.
The driver was sentenced to 15 years imprisonment, and his assistant to 8 years. The court upheld their fatigue due to spending 52 hours working as a mitigating circumstance.
The surviving passengers reported that the train had not slowed down while passing through the stations at Ludina and Novoselec, about an hour before reaching Zagreb Main Station, and that it had leaned dangerously.

</doc>
<doc id="19318797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318797" title="La Mesilla">
La Mesilla

La Mesilla is a village in La Libertad municipality, Huehuetenango Department, Guatemala. It is the home of Peñarol La Mesilla football club. 
La Mesilla lies close to the border with Mexico, between Huehuetenango city and Comitán, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19318800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318800" title="David Sturrock">
David Sturrock

David Sturrock (born in Dundee) is a former footballer who played as a forward in the Scottish Football League and The Football League in the 1950s and 1960s.
Sturrock began a five-year spell with local club Dundee United in the mid-1950s, joining English side Accrington Stanley for the 1960/61 season. He is reported as having made a total of 26 appearances for Accrington (scoring 7 goals), before moving to Southern League side Bedford Town. Sturrock moved back to his hometown of Dundee following the end of his playing career.

</doc>
<doc id="19318807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318807" title="Éon de l'Étoile">
Éon de l'Étoile

Éon de l'Étoile (died 1150), from the Latin Eudo de Stella, was a Breton religious leader and "messiah". He opposed the Roman Catholic Church to the point of pillaging abbeys and monasteries and accumulating a large treasure during a period of eight years (1140–48). He was considered little more than an "illiterate idiot" by the Church authorities.
Born near Loudéac to a noble family, Eudon, as he was originally called, was briefly an Augustinian monk taking up a hermit's life in the Brocéliande (Brécheliant). Around 1140, during the reign of Conan III of Brittany, Éon took up residence in the abandoned priory of Moinet, but he did not remain there long. According to his own story, one day while attending the mass, he heard the priest say "Per eum qui venturus est judicare vivos et mortuos" ("by him whose it is to judge the living and the dead") and interpreted this as applying to himself, hearing his name in the "eum" of the liturgy. He thereafter went by the name "Éon". Considering himself a prophet and messiah, he soon gathered about himself a body of faithful who met at his priory.
He became renowned for his magic, the glow which supposedly surrounded him, his ability to be in many places at once, and the sumptuous feasts to which he treated his guests. He secured the loyalty of the poor by granting them great riches, stolen from castles and monasteries. As an article of faith, the established Church was worldly, its wealth, its sacraments, and its offices worthless and ineffectual. Éon's band of followers attacked the rich and redistributed their wealth amongst themselves, eventually dressing themselves in the highest finery and eating lavishly. Members were ranked as "angels", "apostles", etc. Their principal message was of the Parousia. Éon and his followers spread their message throughout northern Brittany and as far as Gascony.
Éon's epithet, "de l’Étoile" ("of the star"), derives from a comet which appeared in 1148. Generally considered bad omens in the Middle Ages, a comet often signified the downfall of an illustrious person. Under Pope Eugene III, the Council of Reims in 1148 condemned Éon's movement as heresy ("hérésie éoniste"). The prelates ordered him arrested and brought before an ecclesiastical tribunal, though the first men sent to arrest him were themselves converted by his extravagant lifestyle. When Éon was first brought before the council he carried with him a forked branch, which he said would point heavenward if God were to have two thirds of the world and he a third and earthwards if their shares were to be reversed. The council is said to have burst into laughter upon hearing this. He was tortured into confessing his messiahship and condemned to life imprisonment. He was handed over to the custody of Archbishop Samson of Reims and sent to the Abbey of Saint-Denis, where he died in 1150. His followers (with names like Wisdom, Knowledge, and Judgement) were hunted down, with difficulty, and burnt at the stake, for none would disavow their master.

</doc>
<doc id="19318822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318822" title="WCNA">
WCNA

WCNA (95.9 FM, "Max 95.9") is a radio station licensed to the community of Potts Camp, Mississippi, USA, and serving the Tupelo, Mississippi, area. The station is owned by Olvie E. Sisk, part owner of WKEA-FM and WMXN-FM in Jackson County, Alabama. WCNA is operated by SnyderMedia as of August 15, 2011..
WCNA "Max 95.9" airs an Adult Hits music format featuring programming from ABC Radio. WCNA's signal can be heard from Bolivar, Tennessee, to Houston, Mississippi, and from Olive Branch, Mississippi, to Red Bay, Alabama.
The station was assigned the WCNA call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on February 17, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19318839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318839" title="2007 China Open – Women's Singles">
2007 China Open – Women's Singles

Svetlana Kuznetsova was the defending champion, but was forced to withdraw due to a left abdominal strain.
Ágnes Szávay won in the final 6–7(7–9), 7–5, 6–2, against Jelena Janković, saving a match point in the second set.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19318841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318841" title="Geras Abbey">
Geras Abbey

Geras Abbey ("Stift Geras") is a Premonstratensian monastery in Geras in Lower Austria. Since 1783 it has also owned the premises of the former Pernegg Abbey nearby.
History.
The abbey was founded in 1153 as a daughter house of Seelau Abbey by Ekbert and Ulrich of Pernegg and settled by canons from Seelau. Geras Abbey was able to survive the reforms of the Emperor Joseph II and the consequent monastery closures of 1783, and remains in operation to this day.
The abbey church is a Romanesque basilica which was reworked in the Baroque style in the 18th century by the architect Josef Munggenast and the fresco painter Paul Troger.
In 1953 the church was given the title of Papal basilica.
Today the abbey is often used as a venue for classical music recitals.
Pernegg Abbey.
In Pernegg, about 10 kilometres from Geras, Ekbert and Ulrich of Pernegg, the founders of Geras Abbey, also founded Pernegg Abbey, a Premonstratensian nunnery which was also a daughter house of Seelau Abbey.
Pernegg became a community of canons in 1584. In 1700 it became an abbey but was dissolved in 1783 under the reforms of Emperor Joseph II. In the mid-19th century the premises were acquired by Geras Abbey. Since 1995 they have been used as a retreat and seminar centre for the monastery at Geras.

</doc>
<doc id="19318844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318844" title="Janet Fox">
Janet Fox

Janet Fox (June 12, 1912, Chicago, Illinois – April 22, 2002, Palm Beach, Florida) was an American actress.
The niece of American novelist and playwright Edna Ferber, Fox may have been best known in the role of Bernice Niemeyer in the original Broadway production of "Stage Door", and as Tina in the original Broadway production of "Dinner at Eight".
Death.
She died in Palm Beach, Florida on April 22, 2002 from natural causes, aged 89. She was survived by her husband and her daughter Julie Gilbert Daniel.

</doc>
<doc id="19318848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318848" title="Thomas F. Gieryn">
Thomas F. Gieryn

Thomas F. Gieryn (born 1950) is Rudy Professor of Sociology at Indiana University. He is also the Vice Provost of Faculty and Academic Affairs. In his research, he focuses on philosophy and sociology of science from a cultural, social, historical, and humanistic perspective. He is known for developing the concept of "boundary-work," that is, instances in which boundaries, demarcations, or other divisions between fields of knowledge are created, advocated, attacked, or reinforced. He has served on many councils and boards, including the Advisory Board of the exhibition on "Science in American Life" by the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History.

</doc>
<doc id="19318850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318850" title="Validation master plan">
Validation master plan

A Validation Master Plan, also referred to as "VMP", outlines the principles involved in the qualification of a facility, defining the areas and systems to be validated, and provides a written program for achieving and maintaining a qualified facility. A VMP is the foundation for the validation program and should include process validation, facility and utility qualification and validation, equipment qualification, cleaning and computer validation. It is a key document in the GMP (Good manufacturing practice) regulated pharmaceutical industry as it drives a structured approach to validation projects. 
Food and Drug Administration inspectors often look at VMPs during audits to see whether or not a facility's validation strategy is well thought-out and organized. A VMP should have logical reasoning for including or excluding every system associated with a validation project
based on a risk assessment. 
Common topics to be covered in a Validation Master Plan:
Introduction, scope, responsibilities, description of facility and design, building and plant Layout, cleanrooms and associated controlled environments, storage areas, personnel, personnel and material Flow, water and solid waste handling, infrastructure and utilities, water system, ventilation and air-conditioning system, clean steam, compressed air, gases and vacuum system, list manufacturing equipment, building management systems, products that are planned to be validated, qualification/validation approach, process validation and cleaning validation approach, microbiological monitoring, computer Validation, calibration, maintenance, related SOPs.

</doc>
<doc id="19318879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318879" title="Kapalua LPGA Classic">
Kapalua LPGA Classic

The Kapalua LPGA Classic was a golf tournament on the United States-based LPGA Tour. The event was played in 2008 at the Kapalua Resort in Kapalua near Lahaina, on the island of Maui in Hawaii. 
History.
For purposes of qualification for the season-ending LPGA Playoffs at The ADT, it was a "standard" event, which means that players earned points toward the playoffs, but the winner did not receive an automatic playoff spot. The point system was ended after the 2008 season.
The tournament was held for only one year, at the Bay Course at Kapalua Resort. It was originally announced that the tournament would be played for a minimum of three years, and the event was placed on the 2009 LPGA schedule for October 12-18, 2009. However in June 2009, four months before the tournament was scheduled to take place, event organizers announced its cancellation, citing the lack of a title sponsor.

</doc>
<doc id="19318913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318913" title="United States Academic Decathlon topics">
United States Academic Decathlon topics

The United States Academic Decathlon (USAD) is an academic competition for high school students in the United States. The Academic Decathlon consists of 10 events: Art, Economics, Essay, Interview, Language and Literature, Math, Music, Science, Social Science, Speech and Super Quiz. Each year, one of the ten subjects is chosen as the Super Quiz, which uses a different format than the other events. The topics and theme of the competition are released in March of every year, giving students time to prepare for the competition season which runs from November to April. The events are split up into two groups: the seven objective tests (Art, Economics, Language and Literature, Math, Music, Science and Social Science) and the three subjective events (Essay, Interview and Speech). They are designated as such because the former seven are multiple choice tests, whereas the latter three are graded by judges. Students are given half an hour to answer each multiple choice exam. These exams consist of 50 questions, with the exception of Math and Super Quiz which have 35 and 52 questions respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19318933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318933" title="Organization X">
Organization X

The Organization "X" (, commonly referred to simply as "X" ("Chi" in Greek), and members as Χίτες, "Chites") was a notorious paramilitary militia of the extreme right set up during the Axis occupation of Greece, in June 1941. Initially, the group's name was "Grivas Military Organization"' (Greek: Στρατιωτική Οργάνωσις Γρίβα) and in March 1943 it was renamed, adopting the letter of the Greek alphabet chi from the George's II royal monogram (X). "X" was heavily involved in the persecution of non-monarchists during and after the occupation and considered communism to be its principal or even sole enemy.
Foundation and activities during the Occupation.
Founder and leader of "X" was Colonel Georgios Grivas, a Greek Cypriot by birth, who later acquired fame as leader of the underground EOKA movement in Cyprus. Grivas concentrated his efforts in the wealthy districts of Athens and expanded "X" to between 2,000 and 3,000 men in 1944. He recruited his men and arms from officers who were retained on the active list by the quisling government.
"X" was pure anti-communist and its resistance action included spying for the Allies, minor anti-German actions and transport to the Middle East. But its relations to the occupying power were ambivalent. The organisation was tolerated and possibly armed by the Germans, and even before the German departure fortified a base near the ancient temple of Thiseion. Towards the end of the Occupation, "X" received arms from British sources with which its members fought in the "Dekemvriana" clashes of December 1944.
The Dekemvriana.
In the weeks between the departure of the Germans and the events of December 1944 (the Dekemvriana), "X" played an active part in the campaign of provocation of Athenians orchestrated by the British, according to ELAS' members. This commenced in Athens on 12 October, the day that Athens was celebrating liberation, when a mixed gang of EDES and Chites killed the ELAS member Theodoros Tsilikas. In late October the "X" of Thiseio, reinforced by Security Battalionists, made an incursion into Petralona and killed 20 locals, including a number of Petralona gypsies.
On 3 December 1944 a 250,000-strong (but unarmed) demonstration was shot at by Greek police under the police chief Angelos Evert, with between 22 and 28 people killed and hundreds wounded. The next day, 4 December, another peaceful demonstration cum funeral procession took place. This time government forces took no action but the procession was attacked by Chites led by Colonel Grivas, with over 100 dead. There followed the December insurrection, in which "X" supported the British and Greek government forces.
"X" during the White Terror.
In accordance with the Treaty of Varkiza of February 1945, ELAS disarmed, leaving its supporters vulnerable to attacks from right-wing gangs, during a period known as the White Terror. The White Terror was conducted by an informal alliance of army officers, National Guards, policemen, armed gangs, political organisations and people from families who had victims during the occupation and Dekemvriana seeking revenge. The majority were determined to prepare the way for a rigged plebiscite and the return of the king. Anyone deemed to be left-wing, or who had supported the communist-led resistance (EAM or ELAS) in any way was subjected to random beatings, repeated arrests, torture, murder or rape. Many people left their villages for safety either in the big towns or in the mountains. Civil war now appeared to be inevitable.
"X" played an active role in the White Terror, and even in the weeks before Varkiza British officials were complaining of police using elements of "X" and EDES to make political arrests under warrants issued by a police magistrate who was a member of "X". One of the significant events involving "X" occurred in January 1946 when 1000 Chites under the bandit Manganas took over the town of Kalamata in the Peloponnese. They released 32 right-wing prisoners and terrorised the town during the night killing 6 people. In 1948 Manganas resumed a career of banditry in the Olympia region.
During 1945 attempts were made to coordinate persecution of the Left. Much of the liaison was conducted by "X", which from May 1945 sent agents into the provinces to recruit members, and accepted affiliation from numerous other organisations. The local right-wing organisations rigged the electoral process and compiled lists of people to be arrested in the event of a coup.
As the general election approached early in 1946 the role of "X" diminished. Themistoklis Sophoulis’s government closed "X"’s national offices in January, and its successor did not allow them to reopen. By 1946 "X" was regarded as an embarrassment as it discredited the Greek government in international eyes.
"X" was officially recognized as a "National Organization of Internal Resistance" by a royal decree of March 10, 1950. (The biggest resistance organisation EAM-ELAS was not recognised until 1982.)

</doc>
<doc id="19318943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318943" title="Clean, Clean">
Clean, Clean

"Clean, Clean" is a synthpop song by the British synthpop group The Buggles from their debut album "The Age of Plastic". It was released as the album's third single on 24 March 1980 and was written by Trevor Horn, Geoff Downes and Bruce Woolley.
Background and release.
Along with "Video Killed the Radio Star", the song was co-written by Bruce Woolley. "Clean, Clean" was first recorded and originally released in 1979 by Bruce Woolley and the Camera Club. It was issued as a single in the Netherlands and Japan on 7" vinyl via Epic Records. It was the only song that The Buggles fully wrote as a trio. "Video Killed the Radio Star" was also issued as a single by Woolley in 1979. Both songs were included on the album "English Garden", which was also issued under the title "Bruce Woolley and the Camera Club".
The single was released on 7" vinyl via Island Records across Europe, America and New Zealand. In the UK, the single was manufactured and distributed by EMI Records Ltd. The single included the B-side "Technopop" which was written by Downes and Horn. The song was originally exclusive to the single before it appeared as a bonus track on the 2000 remastered re-issue of "The Age of Plastic" album, amongst other re-issues of the album.
The majority of the releases of the single featured the same track listing, however the main American release of the single featured "Astroboy (And the Proles on Parade)" as the B-side - an album track from "The Age of Plastic". Additionally, a promotional version of the single was released in America which featured a stereo and mono version of the song on each side.
In America, the single was also issued on 12" vinyl as a scarce promotional release only. This version featured an extended 12-inch version of the song, whilst the B-side was "Living in the Plastic Age", the duo's previous single release. The release also featured exclusive artwork. The 12-inch version of "Clean, Clean" would later see release as a bonus track on the 2010 Japanese CD re-release of "The Age of Plastic".
Following the song's original release, it has appeared on three various artists compilations; the 1980 Warner Bros. Records compilation "Troublemakers", the 1994 Oglio Records release "Richard Blade's Flashback Favorites, Vol. 3" and the 1995 Polygram compilation "Teenage Kicks: 46 Classic Punk & New Wave Tracks".
Composition and critical reception.
The original version of "Clean, Clean" by Bruce Woolley plays at a length of 3 minutes and 16 seconds. The Buggles version of "Clean, Clean" runs for 3 minutes and 51 seconds, and is performed at a tempo of 160 beats per minute. The 12-inch mix of the Buggles version included on the 2010 re-issue of "The Age of Plastic" plays for 5 minutes and 15 seconds. Lyrically, the song follows the story of a young boy who grows out of being a gangster, and, despite not willing to do so, he will at least try to keep the fighting clean.
Jeri Montesano of Allmusic highlighted the song as an album standout by labeling it an AMG Pick Track. A review of the album from Audio magazine, noted "Clean, Clean" to be one of "best moments are those coauthored by Wooley" along with "Video Killed the Radio Star". The Independent, on 3 October 2010, spoke of the song in a review of The Buggles' live performance "The Lost Gig" in London, where the author Simon Price stated "The Age of Plastic", played in order, and accompanied by films generally involving old footage of things that once, like the songs, felt impossibly futuristic. Then again, minor hits such as "Clean Clean" and "Elstree" sound radiantly relevant now." Krinein magazine's writer L. Vincent described the song as ""pop-electronic"", along with the album track "I Love You Miss Robot" and the single's own B-side "Technopop". 
Nicholas Baker of Napster spoke of the song in a review of the album, stating that it was one of the songs from the album that Trevor Horn's "considerable songwriting prowess" was "evident" in.
Performances.
On 10 April 1980, The Buggles appeared on the UK music show Top of the Pops where they mimed the song.
The band performed the song live on BBC Radio 1 on 4 October 1980.
On 28 September 2010, The Buggles reunited to play their first full-length live concert. The event was billed as "The Lost Gig" and took place at "Ladbroke Grove's Supperclub", Notting Hill, London, and was a fund raiser with all earnings going to the Royal Hospital for Neuro-disability. Except "Video Killed the Radio Star" and "The Plastic Age" which the band had previously played together, "The Lost Gig" saw the first live performances of all songs from The Age of Plastic, and included Bruce Woolley performing vocals with Horn on "Clean, Clean".

</doc>
<doc id="19318945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318945" title="Tony D'Souza">
Tony D'Souza

Tony D'Souza is an American novelist, journalist, essayist, reviewer, travel and short story writer. He has published three novels with Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, and in foreign translations: "Whiteman" (2006), "The Konkans" (2008), and "Mule" (2011).
Life and career.
D'Souza was born and grew up in Chicago. He is multiracial with a Mangalorean Catholic father and a Caucasian American mother; his mother served in the Peace Corps in India from 1966-1968. Tony studied fiction with the short story writer Janet Desaulniers while an undergraduate at Carthage College, later earned Masters degrees in writing from the University of Notre Dame and Hollins University. At Hollins, his friend and mentor was the Canadian poet Eric Trethewey, father of United States Poet Laureate Natasha Trethewey. D'Souza received a 2006 NEA Fellowship, a 2007 NEA Japan Friendship Fellowship, a 2008 Guggenheim Fellowship, and a 2011 John Ringling Towers Fund Grant. He also served 2.5 years in the Peace Corps in Côte d'Ivoire where he was a rural AIDS educator. After that program was evacuated in September 2002 due to the outbreak of the Ivorian Civil War, he transferred to the Peace Corps program in Madagascar, where he served an additional six months before leaving the Peace Corps. Three years after leaving Peace Corps/Côte d'Ivoire, his short story, "Club des Amis" was published in "The New Yorker". This short story would become a part, a year later, of his first novel "Whiteman". D'Souza is a member of PEN, the National Book Critics Circle, the Great Books Foundation, and the National Peace Corps Association. He has two children, Gwendolyn Alice and Rohan Anthony. In 2009, he was honored by the Returned Peace Corps Volunteers of South Florida for his work. In 2011, his work was included in a special Peace Corps collection at the Library of Congress, and he received a commendation from Congressman John Garamendi.
"Whiteman" garnered many awards, including the Sue Kaufman Prize from The American Academy of Arts and Letters, was a "New York Times" Editor's Pick, a "People Magazine" Critic's Choice, a finalist for the New York Public Library's Young Lions Prize, PEN's Robert Bingham Award, and the "LA Times" Art Seidenbaum Award, and was named one of the " 'Greatest Fiction Travel Books of All Time' " by "Condé Nast Traveler". "The Konkans" was called a " 'Best Novel of the Year' " by "The Washington Post", "Poets & Writers", "Publishers Weekly" and "The Christian Science Monitor". "Mule" was praised by "Vanity Fair", "Gawker", the "San Francisco Chronicle", "Kirkus", "Library Journal", and "Booklist", and was optioned for film by Warner Bros. for director Todd Phillips ("Old School", "The Hangover"). His work has appeared in "The New Yorker", "Playboy", "Esquire", "Outside", "Mother Jones", "Salon", "Granta", "Tin House", and "McSweeney's". He received an "O. Henry Award", had a story anthologized in "Best American Fantasy", and received a " Distinguished Story " mention in the Stephen King edited "Best American Short Stories". His early fiction and poetry appeared in a wide range of literary journals, including "Nimrod", "The Literary Review", "The Fiddlehead" (Canada), "Imago" (Australia), and "Takahe" (New Zealand), winning prizes from "Black Warrior Review" and "Stand" (UK) and receiving Pushcart Prize nominations. He detailed his coverage of Nicaragua's Eric Volz murder trial on "The Today Show", "Dateline", "Bill Kurtis Investigates", E! Channel, the BBC, and NPR, has been interviewed about his novels by "The Leonard Lopate Show", Michael Silverblatt's "Bookworm", "Marketplace" with Kai Ryssdal, Sandi Toksvig's "Excess Baggage", and "West Coast Live!", and appeared on "All Things Considered". Tony holds Florida Gold and Silver Medals in Fiction and has awards for his journalism from the California Newspaper Publishers Association, the Society of Professional Journalists, the National Association of Black Journalists and the Florida Magazine Association.
References.
[http://www.concierge.com/cntraveler/articles/500078?all=yes]
[http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/artsandliving/features/2008/holiday-guide/gifts/best-books-of-2008/index.html]
[http://www.deadline.com/2011/10/tony-dsouza-novel-mule-optioned-by-hunting-lane-films/]
[http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/bios/tony_d-8217souza/search?contributorName=Tony+D%26%238217%3BSouza]
[http://www.pinemagazine.com/site/article/an-interview-with-writer-tony-dsouza-519]
[http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/18264642/ns/dateline_nbc-crime_reports/t/murder-sea/]
[http://www.mtshastanews.com/features/x505217591/D-Souza-s-Altoona-stories-win-statewide-newspaper-award]
[http://www.granta.com/Magazine/108/Mr-Harris/1]
[http://www.khaasbaat.com/aug2007/books.htm]
[http://www.nea.gov/features/writers/writersCMS/writer.php?id=06_26]
[http://www.gf.org/fellows/3223-tony-dsouza]
[http://www.carthage.edu/english/tony-dsouza/]
[http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio4/excessbaggage/index_20060715.shtml]
[http://magazine.nd.edu/news/10210-domers-in-the-news-7/]
[http://www.nytimes.com/2006/04/16/books/review/16mason.html]
[http://www.pen.org/viewmedia.php/prmMID/1032/prmID/1387]
[http://www.stltoday.com/entertainment/books-and-literature/article_9a3fa857-9761-5ac7-a37d-f84dc077b785.html]
[http://www.rpcvsf.org/newsletters/winter2010.pdf]
[http://peacecorpsworldwide.org/pc-writers/2011/03/20/noted-rpcv/]

</doc>
<doc id="19318946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318946" title="Grand China Air LPGA">
Grand China Air LPGA

The Grand China Air LPGA was a golf tournament on the American LPGA Tour and was the first LPGA event to be played in China. The event was played in Haikou, China. For purposes of qualification for the season-ending LPGA Playoffs at The ADT, it was a "standard" event, which means that players earn points toward the playoffs, but the winner does not receive an automatic playoff spot.
The title sponsor was Grand China Air, a Beijing-based airline founded in 2007.
The inaugural event was played in 2008, at the Haikou West Golf Club. The tournament was to be played a minimum of three years but was played only in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19318967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318967" title="The Clarion Project">
The Clarion Project

The Clarion Project (formerly Clarion Fund, Inc.) is a New York City-based,independently funded, nonprofit organization
founded in 2006 whose stated mission is to "educate people about the inherent dangers of Islamic extremism, provide a platform for moderate Muslim voices, and motivates people to take an active stand against those who want to deny others their basic human rights." With its main focus on what it calls "the most urgent threat of radical Islam."
The group has been involved in the production or distribution of films such as "", "The Third Jihad", and "Iranium".
The Clarion Fund had their films shown at venues such as the Hudson Institute, Heritage Foundation, Library and Archives Canada, and Fox News Channel.
Origins and affiliations.
The organization was founded by Canadian-Israeli
film producer Raphael Shore.
According to Clarion Fund's incorporation papers, it is based at the same address as Aish Hatorah, a pro-Israel organization.
The three founders of The Clarion Fund are or were full-time employees of Aish HaTorah. Raphael Shore, the leader of The Clarion Fund was but is no longer a full-time employee of Aish HaTorah. Clarion Fund initially denied its ties to Aish Hatorah, which were first discovered by an IPS investigation in 2007.
The International Relations Center reports that the Endowment for Middle East Truth (EMET) was Clarion's distribution partner for the "Obsession" DVD. EMET's advisors include former Israeli ambassador Yoram Ettinger, a former chair at the Ariel Center for Policy Research.
Advisory Board.
In December 2010, the organization announced an advisory board including:
News analysis website.
The Clarion Project website is the premiere news analysis site focusing on the threats of Islamic extremism. It features analysis, alternative Muslim voices, blogs and videos, and promotes progressive Muslim organizations. Additionally, the site streams content, hosts webinars and acts as a social networking tool to bring people together around this critical issue. 
Films produced by The Clarion Project.
Obsession: Radical Islam's War Against the West (2006).
In September 2008, the group gained attention by distributing free copies of the film "Obsession: Radical Islam’s War Against the West", produced and co-written by Shore, by mail and in newspaper supplements. The Fund has reportedly sent 28 million DVDs to at least 70 newspapers in the United States to place at the doorstep of newspaper subscribers. The DVDs were distributed almost exclusively in swing states. The DVD's website www.radicalislam.org endorsed John McCain in September 2008, before being pulled down.
Amongst its notable content, "Obsession" intersperses scenes of Muslim children being encouraged to become suicide bombers with shots of Nazi rallies.
The movie starts with a disclaimer:
Despite this statement, the DVD's content was controversial. The film features Walid Shoebat, who, according to the Huffington Post, said "Islam is the devil." NPR called the DVD inflammatory. The film draws parallels between Nazi Germany and monolithic Islam, according to Willamette Week. News & Record, a newspaper that refused to distribute the DVD, called it "fear-mongering and divisive."
National Public Radio reported that it is unclear as to who funded Clarion's distribution of the DVD. Clarion claimed it used only money from U.S. citizens.
Allegations of McCain support.
The endorsement of John McCain, on the website of the DVD "Obsession", was noted by several media sources. The Patriot-News reported that the website stated,
McCain's policies seek to confront radical Islamic extremism and terrorism and roll it back while Obama's, although intending to do the same, could in fact make the situation facing the West even worse.
The Huffington Post referred to the distribution as a "propaganda campaign". The National Public Radio received complaints from listeners who said the DVD seemed like a partisan message in favor of McCain.
The group Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) filed a Federal Elections Commission complaint against Clarion Fund, Inc. CAIR alleges that the free distribution of the documentary "Obsession" was designed to help John McCain win the presidential election. CAIR also claimed that "Obsession" is intended to foster hatred of Muslims. Because they are a non-profit, tax-exempt organization, the Clarion Fund is not legally permitted to intentionally influence voters.
Clarion Fund director of communications Gregory Ross, later acknowledged that the article "crossed the line" and would be removed. The Clarion Fund has denied that it endorsed any candidate, and asserts that they are a non-partisan organization.
The Third Jihad: Radical Islam's Vision For America (2008).
"The Third Jihad: Radical Islam’s Vision for America" is a 72 minute documentary released in May 2009 and produced by NBC News journalist and Clinton administration advisor Erik Werth.
Unlike its predecessor, "The Third Jihad" focuses on Western Europe and America, and not on worldwide radical Islam.
"Third Jihad" in the title refers to, according to the film makers the rise of Islamic terrorism (the film makers claim that Arab spread throughout the Middle East and Northern Africa in the seventh century, then the Turkish push into Constantinople and Southeastern Europe in the fifteenth century, were the first and second jihads).
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani stated that "The Third Jihad" was “A wake up call for America.”
In 2011, "The Third Jihad" was shown to over 1,489 NYPD officers over the course of three months to a year of police training. The use of the video was initially minimized by Police Academy officials, but the extent of its use was uncovered after a request under New York's Freedom of Information Act.
Iranium (2011).
In 2011, the Clarion Fund released a film entitled "Iranium", which focuses on the history of Iran's government since 1979 and perceived threats associated with the Iranian nuclear program.
Criticism.
Clarion Fund has been criticized for its close ties to Aish Hatorah, a Jewish educational organization. According to Clarion Fund's incorporation papers, it is based at the same address as Aish Hatorah, a religious organization.
According to the International Relations Center, Eli Clifton said that the Clarion fund was attempting to “stir up a climate of fear in the United States.”

</doc>
<doc id="19318972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318972" title="Sammi's X-Dimension Concert 1996">
Sammi's X-Dimension Concert 1996

"Sammi X Live '96" "(traditional Chinese: 鄭秀文X空間演唱會 1996)" is a live concert album released by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded at the Hong Kong Coliseum, during her "Deep Passion Tour".
This concert features her hit, "Ｘ派對". She also sang romantic songs featuring, "薩拉熱窩的羅密歐與茱麗葉", and "娃娃看天下". This concert features her signature Nike eyebrow and the red rose. She also sang an English song called "Crying" and covered Andy Hui's "唯獨你是不可取替". Sammi also danced up with her dance hit "叮噹" and ended with her all-time Cantonese hit "捨不得你".

</doc>
<doc id="19318978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318978" title="Natalie Joy Johnson">
Natalie Joy Johnson

Natalie Joy Johnson (born May 1978) is an American actress.
Johnson was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She attended Mt. Hebron High School in Ellicott City, Maryland and has a B.A. in Theatre from Mary Washington College.
In 2006, Johnson made her solo cabaret debut at Joe's Pub in a concert directed by Ben Rimalower.
In 2008 she appeared in a national commercial for Bank of America. On the East Coast she is seen getting a Boston Red Sox tattoo.
Johnson originated the role of Enid Hoopes in "Legally Blonde" and in 2008 performed as Paulette in the national tour of "Legally Blonde". Some of her Off Broadway roles include Sinéad in "But I'm a Cheerleader" and Nadia in "". Johnson will join the Broadway production of "Kinky Boots" as of December 23, 2013 in the ensemble. 
In 2010, she appeared in the film "When in Rome".

</doc>
<doc id="19318980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19318980" title="Kat Long">
Kat Long

Kat Long (born Kathryn Noel Long, December 31, 1974 in Silver Spring, Maryland) is an American journalist, author, and social historian. She is the author of "The Forbidden Apple: A Century of Sex & Sin in New York City" which was released in February 2009 by Ig Publishing. The book was reviewed in The Village Voice and The New York Press On April 5, 2009, the book was reviewed in the New York Times. Kat was the editor-in-chief of the New York Blade, the only gay-owned and operated newspaper in New York City, prior to shutting down operations in June 2009. 
She is the executive editor of "GO Magazine" and has contributed numerous articles to "Playgirl", "The Village Voice", "The Advocate", and other publications. She was editor-in-chief of the best-selling annual guidebook "Sexy Miami 2003-2004" and co-wrote two editions of "Sexy New York City". She also contributed entries to the forthcoming "Encyclopedia of Gay Folklife", to be published by M.E. Sharpe.
Long attended Sarah Lawrence College from 1993 to 1997, where she was a recipient of the Nancy Lynn Schwartz Fiction Award; she graduated with a BA in creative writing in 1997.
She currently resides in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19319014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319014" title="Seán Dowling">
Seán Dowling

Seán Dowling (born 1978 in Kilkenny, Ireland) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club called O'Loughlin Gaels and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 2001 until 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19319035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319035" title="Council of Reims (1148)">
Council of Reims (1148)

In 1148, a Council of Reims was called by Pope Eugene III to consider a number of regulations, or canons, for the Church, as well as to debate some other issues. Originally the summons for the council went out in October 1147 and it was supposed to be held in Trier, which is now in Germany, but conditions in Trier were such that it was moved to Reims, in France, for February 1148. A number of the summoned bishops and other church officials did not attend and Eugene suspended many of the non-attendees, excepting the Italian ecclesiastics, who were excused. The council lasted 11 days, and convened on 21 March 1148. From 400 to 1100 ecclesiastics are considered to have attended, although this number does not include the various servants and officials of the attendees, who would have swelled the numbers.
After the conclusion of the council, Eugene held a consistory trial of Gilbert of Poitiers, the Bishop of Poitiers, who was accused of heretical teachings. In the end, Gilbert was allowed to return to his bishopric.
Preliminaries and attendees.
The council was first called on 11 October 1147 by Eugene, who ordered the bishops and others summoned to the council to assemble at Trier on 21 March 1148. This is from a letter sent to Henry Zdík, the Bishop of Olmuetz by the pope. However, a letter sent by the pope on the next day, 12 October 1147, to Eberhard, the Archbishop of Salzburg, named Troyes as the location for the council. It is likely that Troyes, however, was a scribal error, as a further letter of Eugene's, to Suger, Abbot of St Denis, dated 6 October 1147, named Trier as the location also, thus confirming the location given in the letter of 11 October.
The papal entourage arrived in Trier on 30 November 1147, but shortly after arrival the pope decided to move the proceedings because of complaints from the residents of Trier, and announced in February 1148 that the council would move to Reims, but still on the date given before. A feature of the council was that the pope ordered the attendance of the various bishops and other officials. Although some requested attendees were excused, it was mostly due to ill health, not to the need to see to the business of their offices. Those who did not attend were suspended from office. The Italian bishops, however, were mostly excused from attendance, as Eugene held a council at Cremona in July 1148 where the Reims decrees were announced.
Although the number of Spanish bishops who attended is unknown, the Archbishop of Toledo, Raymund, did attend. King Alfonso VII of León and Castile interceded with the pope to lift the sentences against those bishops who did not attend. King Stephen of England refused permission for any of the English bishops to attend, except for the bishops of Hereford, Norwich and Chichester. It was the papal summons which caused the Archbishop of Canterbury, Theobald of Bec, to quarrel with his king, after Stephen refused the archbishop permission to go to the council. Theobald instead managed to evade the guards placed on him and hired a fishing boat to take him across the English Channel to attend the council.
The precise number of bishops, archbishops, and abbots who attended is unknown. Estimates range from 1,100 to 400, with the lower number being much more likely. The attendees were from what were later the countries of France, Germany, England, and Spain, and in keeping with the times, would have included not just the prelates who were summoned, but also their servants and officials, making the true number of people in Reims impossible to know.
Council.
The opening of the council took place on 21 March 1148 at Reims Cathedral on a Sunday. Eugene and his attendants had arrived in Reims by 9 March. The main business of the council was the debate on a number of canons, or rules, for the church that would be announced. Most of these were not new decrees, having been promulgated by Eugene's predecessor at the councils of Reims in 1131 and at the Lateran council of 1139. All of the proposed canons were approved, except for one on clerical attire which was opposed by Rainald of Dassel and other German ecclesiastics. This canon had prohibited cloaks made of fur. Another canon condemning clerical marriage was greeted with amusement, as the council members felt that all clergy should already know that marriage was forbidden to them.
The Reims council also condemned and ordered the arrest of Éon de l'Étoile, a Breton heretic. He was eventually tortured into confession and imprisoned until his death in 1150. Further decrees condemned the Anacletans, supporters of an earlier antipope, who had previously been condemned in 1136. Further side business was the settling of a dispute between two Norman abbots – Eustachius of Jumieges Abbey and Robert of the Abbey of St. Vincent, Le Mans, which was handed to two cardinals to decide. The two prelates reached a decision on 5 April. Other disputes, including ones between abbots, were also handled at the council, although not necessarily during the council deliberations. Also included in the council's business was the confirmation of the excommunication of the Bishop of Dol and the Bishop of Brieux. Although it was reported that the Bishop of Orleans and the Bishop of Troyes were deposed by the council, this is erroneous, and probably stemmed from the number of ecclesiastics who were suspended for non-attendance.
A number of ecclesiastics died at or shortly after the council, including Robert de Bethune, the Bishop of Hereford, who fell ill on the third day of the council and died on either 14 or 16 April 1148. The Bishop of Angouleme died in June, after attending the council. The Archbishop of Trier, Albero de Montreuil, was so ill he was carried to the council on a horse litter.
The council is said to have lasted 11 days in total, but it is likely that it was shorter, given the large increase in the population of Reims, which would have strained the resources of the town. This gives an end date of the council of 1 April 1148.
Consistory.
Although the council probably ended on 1 April, Eugene asked a number of attendees to stay after the formal close of the council to consider the case of Gilbert of Poitiers, who was under investigation for heresy, connected with his teachings. The main concern against Gilbert seems to have been his convoluted vocabulary and style of writing, which led to his writings being easily misunderstood. The specific problem came when Gilbert's writings attempted to explicate the relationship between God and his "divinity", which led to his opponents claiming that Gilbert was attempting to create two Gods, rather than just one. His opponents claimed that this occurred in Gilbert's treatise on Boethius' theological work "De Trinitate".
Gilbert had previously been investigated by Eugene at Paris in April 1147, but this hearing came to nothing for two reasons. One was that Gilbert's opponents were not unified in what they opposed in Gilbert's teachings. The second reason was that no one had a copy of the treatise on Boethius by Gilbert that was in dispute. Prior to the second hearing at Reims, Bernard of Clairvaux, who was opposed to Gilbert's teachings, held a private meeting with a number of the attendees, where Bernard attempted to pressure them to condemn Gilbert. This offended the various cardinals in attendance, who then proceeded to insist that they were the only persons who could judge the case.
Although connected with the council, Gilbert was tried after the council closed, at a consistory held in the Archbishop of Reims' chambers. A consistory was a specialized form of trial held to investigate questionable theological teachings, and was beginning to be used for this purpose in this period. The consistory lasted two days, and included John of Salisbury, who had previously been a student of Gilbert's, but was now in Eugene's service. The trial likely took place on 2–3 April 1148, as it lasted took two days, and most accounts state that it took place during the week before Palm Sunday, which was 4 April that year. As the consistory took place after the closing of the council on 1 April, that only allows 2 and 3 April for the trial. However, if the council closed earlier than 1 April, then the trial could have taken place on 29–30 March 1148. In the end, no verdict of heresy was placed against Gilbert, who remained Bishop of Poitiers until his death in 1154.
Besides Bernard, other ecclesiastics in opposition to Gilbert were Robert of Melun and Peter the Lombard. Robert was a teacher at both Paris and Melun, and later became Bishop of Hereford. Another opponent was Otto of Freising, who was unable to attend the trial.
No official records of the trial were kept, which led to considerable confusion in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19319058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319058" title="Joan Silber">
Joan Silber

Joan Silber is an American novelist and short story writer. She is the author of "Household Words" (Penguin Books, 1981), which won a PEN/Hemingway Award, and "Ideas of Heaven: A Ring of Stories" (W.W. Norton, 2004), which was a finalist for both the 2004 National Book Award and the Story Prize. She has received grants from the Guggenheim Foundation, the National Endowment for the Arts and the New York Foundation for the Arts. Her work has been published in The O. Henry Prize Stories and The Pushcart Prize collections, and has also appeared in "The New Yorker," "Ploughshares," and "The Paris Review."
Silber grew up in Millburn, New Jersey. She graduated from Sarah Lawrence College and obtained a M.A. degree from New York University. She taught at NYU and now teaches at Sarah Lawrence College and currently lives in New York City.
Published work.
Novels
Short Story Collections

</doc>
<doc id="19319074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319074" title="The Gods of the Copybook Headings">
The Gods of the Copybook Headings

"The Gods of the Copybook Headings" is a poem published by Rudyard Kipling in 1919, which, editor Andrew Rutherford said, contained "age-old, unfashionable wisdom" that Kipling saw as having been forgotten by society and replaced by "habits of wishful thinking."
The ""copybook headings"" to which the title refers were proverbs or maxims, extolling virtues such as honesty or fair dealing that were printed at the top of the pages of 19th-century British students' special notebook pages, called copybooks. The school-children had to write them by hand repeatedly down the page.
The work has been described as "beautifully captur the thinking of Schumpeter and Keynes." David Gilmour says that while topics of the work are the "usual subjects", the commentary "sound better in verse" while Alice Ramos says that they are "far removed from Horace's elegant succinctness" but do "make the same point with some force."
Text.
The Gods of the Copybook Headings
AS I PASS through my incarnations in every age and race,
I make my proper prostrations to the Gods of the Market Place.
Peering through reverent fingers I watch them flourish and fall,
And the Gods of the Copybook Headings, I notice, outlast them all.
We were living in trees when they met us. They showed us each in turn
That Water would certainly wet us, as Fire would certainly burn:
But we found them lacking in Uplift, Vision and Breadth of Mind,
So we left them to teach the Gorillas while we followed the March of Mankind.
We moved as the Spirit listed. They never altered their pace,
Being neither cloud nor wind-borne like the Gods of the Market Place,
But they always caught up with our progress, and presently word would come
That a tribe had been wiped off its icefield, or the lights had gone out in Rome.
With the Hopes that our World is built on they were utterly out of touch,
They denied that the Moon was Stilton; they denied she was even Dutch;
They denied that Wishes were Horses; they denied that a Pig had Wings;
So we worshipped the Gods of the Market Who promised these beautiful things.
When the Cambrian measures were forming, They promised perpetual peace.
They swore, if we gave them our weapons, that the wars of the tribes would cease.
But when we disarmed They sold us and delivered us bound to our foe,
And the Gods of the Copybook Headings said: "Stick to the Devil you know."
On the first Feminian Sandstones we were promised the Fuller Life
Till our women had no more children and the men lost reason and faith,
And the Gods of the Copybook Headings said: "The Wages of Sin is Death."
In the Carboniferous Epoch we were promised abundance for all,
By robbing selected Peter to pay for collective Paul;
But, though we had plenty of money, there was nothing our money could buy,
And the Gods of the Copybook Headings said: "If you don't work you die."
Then the Gods of the Market tumbled, and their smooth-tongued wizards withdrew
And the hearts of the meanest were humbled and began to believe it was true
That All is not Gold that Glitters, and Two and Two make Four
And the Gods of the Copybook Headings limped up to explain it once more.
As it will be in the future, it was at the birth of Man
There are only four things certain since Social Progress began.
That the Dog returns to his Vomit and the Sow returns to her Mire,
And the burnt Fool's bandaged finger goes wabbling back to the Fire;
And that after this is accomplished, and the brave new world begins
When all men are paid for existing and no man must pay for his sins,
As surely as Water will wet us, as surely as Fire will burn,
The Gods of the Copybook Headings with terror and slaughter return!

</doc>
<doc id="19319076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319076" title="Delaware Volunteer Firemen's Association">
Delaware Volunteer Firemen's Association

The Delaware Volunteer Firemen's Association is an organization established to assist the volunteer fire companies of the state of Delaware.
History.
The Delaware Volunteer Fireman's Association can be traced to a meeting in January 1921. Several firemen from throughout the state of Delaware met in Milford to establish a state fireman's association. The Carlisle Fire Company of Milford was authorized to begin the process to form the association. Notices were to be sent to all volunteer fire companies throughout the state, asking them to send two delegates to a meeting at Milford on February 24, 1921, although some newer companies were left out, such as the newly formed Ellendale Vol. Fire Company, the next company south of Milford, which had been formed in April 1920.
The state of Delaware releases an audit each year on the costs and savings of the volunteer fire departments in the state. For the fiscal year ending June 30, 2012 it was estimated that the volunteer fire departments in the state saved the taxpayers more than $289,000,000.
The first resolution was adopted at the first meeting: 
"Resolved, that we, the delegates of the Volunteer Fire Companies in the State of Delaware, in convention assembled in order to form a more perfect organization, establish harmony, insure prosperity and success, obtain and compile statistics concerning the practical working of various apparatus, cultivate fraternal fellowship among the companies and promote the best interest of the Volunteer Firemen of Delaware, do hereby form an organization to be known as the Delaware State Volunteer Firemen's Association." 
With the delegates from the nine companies present, the officers were elected and a set of by-laws was adopted.
The first regular convention was held on July 1, 1921, at the Laurel Fire Department, with thirteen companies being represented. The Association has continued to hold conventions regularly each year with the exception of 1942 - 1944 when gatherings were restricted by World War II to executive meetings. Today, all 60 volunteer fire companies in the state are members of the Delaware Volunteer Firemen's Association. The Wilmington Fire Department, Delaware's only paid municipal fire department, is an associate member.
On January 20, 2009 the Delaware Volunteer Firemen's Association marched in the inauguration parade for President Barack Obama as a guest of Vice-President Joseph Biden of Delaware who is an honorary member of the D.V.F.A. Five members from all 60 departments were invited to march in the parade, led by the marching band of the Citizen's Hose Company of Smyrna.
Presidents.
The President of the Delaware Volunteer Firemen's Association is elected to a 1 year term, beginning in September at a presentation at the annual conference. The presidency is on a rotating basis between Delaware's three counties, Sussex, Kent, and New Castle, with the representatives from the other two counties being the first and second vice-president based on when they will become president in the rotation. There was no president in 1942 and 1943 due to World War 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19319085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319085" title="Billy Steele">
Billy Steele

William 'Billy' Steele (born 19 May 1956 in Dunfermline) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a striker. Steele began his career in the early 1970s as a youngster with Rangers, although he failed to make a first-team appearance. In 1975, Steele moved to Dundee United, making ten league appearances over a year and a half in the newly formed Premier Division. After refusing to move to Dundee, as was required by then-manager Jim McLean, Steele dropped down a division to join Dumbarton. Playing in twice as many matches for "the Sons", Steele moved on again at the end of the season, dropping down to the Second Division with Cowdenbeath. Steele spent five years back in his native Fife before a final two-year playing spell with Arbroath.
After leaving football, Steele moved into the bookmaker business, working in Edinburgh before opening "BS Bookmakers" in Inverkeithing.
Billy regularly holidays in Thailand and was presented with a special liquor licence for attending soi six for ten years in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="19319086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319086" title="Rivista di Filologia e di Istruzione Classica">
Rivista di Filologia e di Istruzione Classica

Rivista di Filologia e di Istruzione Classica or "Riv. Fil." is a peer reviewed Italian academic journal, Published by Loescher editore of Turin. It presents articles and essays on Greek and Roman languages and literatures, history, philosophy, religion, art, and society.

</doc>
<doc id="19319107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319107" title="India–Indonesia relations">
India–Indonesia relations

Indian-Indonesian relations refers to the bilateral relations of India and Indonesia.
India and Indonesia are neighbours. India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Indonesia along the Andaman Sea. 
The Indian-Indonesian relationship stretch back for almost two millennia. In 1950, the first President of Indonesia - Sukarno called upon the peoples of Indonesia and India to "intensify the cordial relations" that had existed between the two countries "for more than 1000 years" before they had been "disrupted" by colonial powers. Yet in the spring of 1966, the foreign ministers of both countries began speaking again of an era of friendly relations. 
India has an embassy in Jakarta and Indonesia operates an embassy in Delhi. India regards Indonesia as a key member of ASEAN. Both nations had agreed to establish a strategic partnership.
Indonesia and India are member states of the G-20, the E7 (countries), the Non-aligned Movement, and the United Nations.
According to a 2013 BBC World Service Poll, 79% of Indonesians view India's influence positively, with 21% expressing a negative view, one of the most favourable perceptions of India in the world.
History.
The ties between Indonesia and India date back to the times of the Ramayana, "Yawadvipa" (Java) is mentioned in India's earliest epic, the Ramayana. Sugriva, the chief of Rama's army dispatched his men to Yawadvipa, the island of Java, in search of Sita. Indians had visited Indonesia since ancient times, and ancient Indonesian (Austronesian people) has embarked in maritime trade in Southeast Asian seas and Indian Ocean. The Ancient Indians spread Hinduism and many other aspects of Indian culture including the Sanskrit and Brahmi Script. India had played a big role in Indonesian culture, which is a fusion of Indian, Chinese, Southeast Asian, and indigenous Indonesian culture. The trace of Indian influences is most evident in great numbers of Sanskrit loanwords in Indonesian languages.
The name "Indonesia" derives from the Latin "Indus", meaning "India", and the Greek "nesos", meaning "island". (due to the similarity of the culture in both regions). The name dates to the 18th century, far predating the formation of independent Indonesia. During the Srivijaya era, many Indonesians studied at Nalanda University in India.
Indonesia entered its historical period after the adoption of Pallawa script and Sanskrit language from India as evidence in some of earliest inscriptions dated from Indonesia's oldest kingdoms such as the Yupa of Kutai, Tugu of Tarumanagara and historical records of Kalingga. Indianised Hindu-Buddhist kingdoms, such as Srivijaya, Medang, Sunda and Majapahit were the predominant governments in Indonesia, and lasted from 200 to the 16th century, with the last remaining being in Bali. 
Throughout their shared history, most of relations between ancient India and Indonesia were harmonious and peaceful, however there was one exception when ancient India and Indonesia were involved in warfare against each other. In 1025 Rajendra Chola, the Chola king from Coromandel in South India, launched naval raids on ports of Srivijaya and wrested Kadaram from Srivijaya and occupied it for some time. 
The Indian Epics — the Ramayana and the Mahabharata — play an important role in Indonesian culture and history, and are popular amongst Indonesians to this day. In the open theatres of the Prambanan in Java, Javanese Muslims perform the Ramayana dance during full moon nights. An example of deep Hindu-Buddhist influence in Indonesian history is 9th century Borobudur and Prambanan temples. Even after the adoption of Islam, the link between two countries remained strong; not only because India has a significant population of Muslims herself. Indonesian Islamic architecture, especially in Sumatra, has been deeply influenced by Indian Mughal architecture, evident in the Baiturrahman Grand Mosque in Aceh and Medan's Great Mosque.
Cultural admiration is not one-sided however, Indians also relate closely to Indonesian culture. Rabindranath Tagore visited Java and Bali in 1927 and was fascinated by Balinese culture and Balinese Hinduism. 
In 1945—1949, during Indonesian National Revolution and the formation of the republic, India and Egypt were among the earliest nations that supported and recognised Indonesian independence and fostered diplomatic relations with Republic of Indonesia. In addition, prior to Indonesia's independence Muhammad Ali Jinnah - the founder of Pakistan - who at that time was President of the All India Muslim League, encouraged Indian Muslim soldiers serving in British Indian army to join hands with Indonesians against their fight against the Dutch Empire colonisation of Indonesia. As a result 600-Muslim soldiers of the British Indian Army deserted the colonial forces putting their lot at stake, and allied with Indonesians. India and Indonesia officially opened the diplomatic relations since 3 March 1951. In 1955, Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and Indonesian President Sukarno were among the five founders of the Non-aligned Movement.
During the 1965 war with India, Indonesia offered to provide Pakistan with military help, and 'to seize Andaman and Nicobar Islands' of India so as to distract it from the Kashmir front, eventually mobilising submarines to help Pakistan. A maritime boundary agreement between the two countries was issued in New Delhi on 14 January 1977.
Economic relations.
On 25 January 2011, after talks by Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and visiting President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, India and Indonesia had signed business deals worth billions of dollars and set an ambitious target of doubling trade over the next five years. 
Indonesia is one of only 14 countries in which tourist visas prior to entry are not required in India. Indian Nationals also are issued tourist visas on arrival in Indonesia.
India also has further economic ties with Indonesia through its free trade agreement with ASEAN, of which Indonesia is a member.
President of Indonesia Sukarno was the first chief guest at the annual Republic Day parade of India. In the year 2011 too, President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was the chief guest for the same.
Culture.
The cultural ties still continue, with popular Indonesian Dangdut music displaying the influence of Hindustani musics. Bollywood films and music are also popular in Indonesia. To promote Indian culture in Indonesia, the Jawaharlal Nehru Indian Cultural Centre was established in Jakarta in 1989, featuring a library and providing lessons on Indian culture, as well as promoting art such as Yoga, Indian music and dance 
Similar fashion of both the countries are like the lungi which is the sarung of Indonesian people that men wear commonly. Foods from both the country also share many similarities like "Kare" which is actually "Curry" and Padang foods that are from West Sumatra share similar spices and herbs like making an Indian Curry, besides that Apam which is the cake that Indonesians enjoy eating is available in India which is called also Apam. 
Culture itself from both the countries share some similarities also, like the word Pribumi which means "Indonesian Natives" derives from the Sanskrit which "Pri" means "original/native" and "Bumi" means "earth/soil", besides that Indonesian and Indian people also have some similar personality which they like to eat with hands, watch Bollywood movies, etc. The Dangdut which is a popular Indonesian music genre is very similar to the classical Hindustani songs/music, which uses the traditional Indian percussion instrument which is the Tabla, and Indonesians while listening to it usually dance to the song, which is similar to Indian traditions. Pasar Baru in the Jakarta area for business districts are popular with the Indian shops and fabric selling, it is also popular in Mayestik market in southern Jakarta which Indians sell the most popular fabric shop which is called Bombay. The popular department store also have Indian names from epics that is the: Ramayana Department Store. Street names also take languages from the Sanskrit which is the Jl. Surya Dharma in the city of Tangerang, etc. Transportation in Jakarta commonly uses the "Bajaj" which is an Auto Rickshaw from India. 

</doc>
<doc id="19319122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319122" title="Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 4 × 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 4 × 500 metres

The men's K-1 4 × 500 metres event was a relay kayaking event conducted over 500 meters as part of the Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics program on Lake Albano. This would be the only time this event was held in the Summer Olympics though it was part of the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships from 1948 to 1975.
Results.
Heats.
The 18 crews first raced in three heats on August 26. The top two finishers in each heats advanced directly to the semifinals. One was disqualified while remaining 11 teams were relegated to the repechage heats.
Czechoslovakia was disqualified in the first heat in accordance to article 22 of the competition rules.
Repechages.
Held on August 26, the top two finishers in each of the three repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top two finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on August 27) advanced to the final. All other teams were eliminated.
Beudner replaced Knuppe for the Netherlands between the first heat and the first semifinal.
Final.
The final was held on August 29.

</doc>
<doc id="19319127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319127" title="Board of Governors, FRS v. Investment Company Institute">
Board of Governors, FRS v. Investment Company Institute

Board of Governors, FRS v. Investment Company Institute, 450 U.S. 46 (1981), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that the amendment to Regulation Y does not exceed the Board's statutory authority.

</doc>
<doc id="19319128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319128" title="Paddy Mullally">
Paddy Mullally

Paddy Mullally (born 1976 in Glenmore, Kilkenny) is an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club called Glenmore and was a member of the Kilkenny senior inter-county team from 1999 until 2004. He's now part of the Glenmore Management Team with responsibility for Under 21 hurling.

</doc>
<doc id="19319135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319135" title="José Nicomedes Grossi">
José Nicomedes Grossi

José Nicomedes Grossi (15 September 1915 – 21 June 2009) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He was one of oldest bishops in the Catholic Church and one of the oldest Brazilian bishops. 
José Nicomedes Grossi was born in Cipotânea, Brazil in September 1915, he was ordained a priest on September 21, 1940. Grossi was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Bom Jesus da Lapa on August 28, 1963 and ordained bishop January 25, 1963, where he remained until his retirement on March 15, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19319149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319149" title="Kheti Virasat Mission">
Kheti Virasat Mission

KVM is registered as a trust, with head office at Jaitu, Faridkot, Punjab.

</doc>
<doc id="19319185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319185" title="Institute of Central Technology (Central Tech)">
Institute of Central Technology (Central Tech)

The Institute of Technology at Syracuse Central is a newly added high school (once a vocational school) in downtown Syracuse, New York. Tech Central was recently reopened during the 2007-2008 school year with 96 students in their freshman year.
History.
ITC was founded as Syracuse Central High School. The historic building had been neglected and has been in a state of disrepair for some time. The project to renovate the building faced funding issues.
With all of the funding issues, ITC re-opened in the building next to the original school during the 2007-2008 school year. After the 2009-2010 school year, renovating began on the new school. During the 2010-2012 school years, students attended Levy Middle School during renovations. But at the beginning of the 2012-2013 school year, students moved back into the newly renovated building, where they currently attend classes.
Building.
Students attended Levy Middle School from 2010-2012 while renovations were done on the building. At the beginning of the 2012-2013 school year, students and teachers moved back into their newly renovated building.
Physical education.
With the new renovations to the building, came a brand new gym for ITC. Everything is brand new, and will be completed by Thanksgiving 2012.
Sports.
ITC has Varsity and Junior Varsity Football and Basketball teams. They also have District Bowling, Baseball, and Lacrosse teams. For girls, there is a volleyball team. Track is also available for boys and girls.

</doc>
<doc id="19319192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319192" title="Disturbance">
Disturbance

Disturbance and its variants may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19319200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319200" title="Tony Romeo (American football)">
Tony Romeo (American football)

Anthony Lamar Romeo (March 7, 1938 – May 2, 1996) was an American football tight end in the American Football League for the Dallas Texans and Boston Patriots. He played college football at Florida State University and was drafted in the 19th round of the 1961 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins. Mr. Romeo was a part of the growing evangelical movement among professional football players. During the off season and after his retirement he traveled widely speaking in Southern Baptist and other evangelical churches. Romeo was also known for beginning the first chapel services in professional football. Following his pro career, he spent time in the ministry before putting his FSU business degree to work.

</doc>
<doc id="19319207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319207" title="John Leahy">
John Leahy

John Leahy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19319209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319209" title="WDLP">
WDLP

WDLP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19319219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319219" title="Wolfgang Prinz">
Wolfgang Prinz

Wolfgang Prinz is director of the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Leipzig, Germany, and an internationally recognized expert in experimental psychology, cognitive psychology and philosophy of mind. He is the founder of the common coding theory between perception and action that has a significant impact in cognitive neuroscience and social cognition.
Background.
Wolfgang Prinz studied Psychology, Philosophy and Zoology at the University of Münster (Germany) from 1962–1966, and was awarded a Ph.D. from the Ruhr University in Bochum, Germany, in 1970. Prinz was a director of the Max Planck Institute for Psychological Research Munich, Germany, from 1990 to 2004. Since 2004 he has been a director at the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences, Leipzig, Germany.
Memberships in Research Councils and Societies.
Academia Europea; German Academy of Natural Scientist Leopoldina, Halle (Saale), Germany; Scientific
Advisory Board of the Centre for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF), University of Bielefeld, Germany; Advisory
Board of the Dean, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, Jacobs University Bremen, Germany; Honorary
Member of the European Society of Psychology (ESCoP); Psychonomic Society; German Society of
Psychology (DGPs).
Academic achievements.
Prinz is the father of the common coding theory. This theory claims parity between perception and action. Its core assumption is that actions are coded in terms of the perceivable effects (i.e., the distal perceptual events) they should generate Performing a movement leaves behind a bidirectional association between the motor pattern it has generated by and the sensory effects that it produces. Such an association can then be used backwards to retrieve a movement by anticipating its effects. These perception/action codes are also accessible during action observation (for an historical account of the ideo-motor principle, see Observation of an action should activate action representations to the degree that the perceived and the represented action are similar. Such a claim suggests that we represent observed, executed and imagined actions in a commensurate manner and makes specific predictions regarding the nature of action and perceptual representations. First, representations for observed and executed actions should rely on a shared neural substrate. Second, a common cognitive system predicts interference effects when action and perception attempt to access shared representations simultaneously. Third, such a system predicts facilitation of action based on directly prior perception and vice versa.
The common coding theory has received strong support from a variety of empirical studies in developmental psychology, cognitive neuroscience, cognitive science and neurophysiology. This theory is at the core of what has been called Motor cognition.
In neuroscience, evidence for the common coding theory ranges from electrophysiological recordings in monkeys in which mirror neurons in the ventral premotor and posterior parietal cortices fire both during goal-directed actions and observation of the same actions performed by another individual, to functional neuroimaging experiments in humans which indicate that the neural circuits involved in action execution partly overlap with those activated when actions are observed.

</doc>
<doc id="19319229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319229" title="David Lale (British cellist)">
David Lale (British cellist)

David Lale (born 1981) is a cellist from the United Kingdom.
He is a member of the Lale String Quartet and plays regularly in a number of orchestras in the UK
including the BBC Symphony Orchestra and the Philharmonia Orchestra. David is the nephew of Australian cellist David Lale.
David studied under Anna Shuttleworth at the University of Leeds and Louise Hopkins at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. He has performed as soloist with the Southbank Sinfonia
and with other orchestras.
Recordings.
David Lloyd-Mostyn "tigh-nan-uiseagan"

</doc>
<doc id="19319233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319233" title="Griffin family">
Griffin family

The Griffin family is a fictional family from the animated television series "Family Guy". The Griffins are a nuclear family consisting of the married couple Peter and Lois, their three children Meg, Chris, and Stewie, and their dog Brian. They live at 31 Spooner Street in the fictional town of Quahog, Rhode Island. Their family car is a red sixth generation Ford Country Squire. They were created by Seth MacFarlane, in model of his two animated films, "The Life of Larry" and "Larry & Steve". The family debuted January 31, 1999, after Super Bowl XXXIII, in the episode "Death Has a Shadow."
Alongside the six main family members, there are a number of other major and minor characters in their family. The most commonly recurring characters are Lois's father, Carter Pewterschmidt, Peter's father, Francis Griffin, as well as Peter's mother, Thelma Griffin. Other family members include Lois's mother Barbara Pewterschmidt, as well as Lois's two siblings, Carol and Patrick.
Creation.
MacFarlane conceived the idea for the "Family Guy" in 1998, developing it out of his two short films. MacFarlane caught the attention of Fox, and was given $50,000 to make a pilot. MacFarlane completed the 11 minute pilot after six months of hand animation. Upon review, Fox gave the green light to "Family Guy" as a series. Although "Family Guy"s cancellation was initially announced after the second season, Fox decided to make a third season, after which it was truly canceled at the end of 2003. However, reruns on Adult Swim drove up interest in the show, and its DVD releases did quite well, selling over 2.2 million copies in one year, which renewed network interest.
"Family Guy" returned to production in 2004, making four more seasons (for a total of seven) and a straight-to-DVD special, "." The show celebrated its official 100th episode during its sixth season in November 2007, resulting in the show's syndication. The show is contracted to continue producing episodes until 2012.
Casting.
MacFarlane voices three of the show's main characters, Peter Griffin, Brian Griffin and Stewie Griffin. He has stated that he already knew what kind of voice he was looking for the main characters so it was easier to do it himself. Peter's voice is inspired by the voice of a security guard MacFarlane overheard talking while attending the Rhode Island School of Design. Stewie's voice was based on the voice of English actor Rex Harrison, particularly on Harrison's performance in the 1964 musical drama film "My Fair Lady". Brian's voice is MacFarlane's regular speaking voice. In addition MacFarlane provides the voice of various recurring and one-time characters, most prominently those of the Griffin's neighbor Glenn Quagmire, news anchor Tom Tucker and Lois' father Carter Pewterschmidt. Alex Borstein voices Lois Griffin, Asian correspondent Tricia Takanawa, Loretta Brown and Lois' mother Barbara Pewterschmidt. Borstein was asked to provide a voice for the pilot while she was working on "MADtv". She had not met MacFarlane or seen any artwork and said it was "really sight unseen". At the time, she was doing a stage show in Los Angeles, in which she played a redhead mother, whose voice she had based on one of her cousins. The voice was originally slower, when MacFarlane heard it, he replied "Make it a little less annoying and speed it up, or every episode will last four hours". Seth Green primarily plays Chris Griffin and Neil Goldman. Green admittedly did an impression of the Buffalo Bill character from the thriller film "The Silence of the Lambs" during his audition. His main inspiration for Chris' voice was how "Buffalo Bill" would sound if he worked at a drive-thru in a McDonalds (speaking through a PA system). Mila Kunis and Lacey Chabert have both played the voices of Meg Griffin. Chabert voiced Meg Griffin for the first production season (15 episodes). However, because of a contractual agreement, she was never credited. Chabert left the series due to time constraints with her acting role in "Party of Five", as well as schoolwork, while Kunis won the role after auditions, a slight rewrite of the character and because of her performance on "That '70s Show". MacFarlane called Kunis back after her initial audition asking her to speak slower; she was called back again later, this time instructed to enunciate more. Kunis said that she had it under control, and MacFarlane hired her. In an interview with a Sun Media correspondent in 2007, Kunis was asked about her character and said: "She's the scapegoat". "Meg gets picked on a lot. But it's funny. It's like the middle child. She is constantly in the state of being an awkward 14-year-old, when you're kind of going through puberty and what-not. She's just in perpetual mode of humiliation. And it's fun."
Main family.
The show revolves around the adventures of the family of Peter Griffin, a bumbling, but well-intentioned, blue-collar worker. Peter is an Irish American Catholic born in Mexico with a prominent Rhode Island and Eastern Massachusetts accent. His wife Lois is a stay-at-home mother and piano teacher, and has a distinct New England accent from being a member of the Pewterschmidt family of wealthy socialites. Peter and Lois have three children: Meg, their teenage daughter, who is frequently the butt of Peter's jokes due to her homeliness and lack of popularity; Chris, their teenage son, who is overweight, unintelligent and, in many respects, a younger version of his father; and Stewie, their diabolical infant son of ambiguous sexual orientation who has adult mannerisms and speaks fluently with an upper-class affected English accent and stereotypical archvillain phrases. Living with the family is Brian, the family dog, who is highly anthropomorphized, drinks martinis, smokes cigarettes, drives a car, and engages in human conversation, though he occasionally acts like a normal dog, for example, he cannot resist chasing a ball.
Peter Griffin.
Peter Löwenbräu Griffin, voiced by Seth MacFarlane. Peter is the father of the Griffin family, he is a stereotypical blue-collar worker. Head of the Griffin family is Irish-American Catholic Peter, an obese and bespectacled man who is just a big child. He has other roots beside his Irish ones, including African-American, Spanish, Scottish and German.
In an interview with "The Advocate" MacFarlane described him as "Archie Bunker without the knowledge of what he's doing. He has the mind of a child, basically, and a source of big laughs is when he does not realize he's doing something inappropriate." In the season four episode "Petarded", Peter takes an I.Q. test, and discovers that his low intellect places him in a category slightly below mentally retarded, but higher than a creationist. He is incredibly jealous of other attractions Lois has in her life, an attitude that tends to get out of hand in most cases, even assaulting a whale that kissed Lois at SeaWorld. In the season three episode "Stuck Together, Torn Apart", Peter and Lois split up because of Peter's jealousy only to discover that Lois has the same character flaw and the two decide to live with their mutually jealous nature. Peter has a very short concentration span and somehow frequently ends up in bizarre situations, as Chris points out in "Long John Peter", after Peter's parrot dies "He will get over it pretty quickly and then move on to another wacky thing", to which Peter finds a pipe organ and forgets about his parrot.
Lois Griffin.
Lois Griffin (née Pewterschmidt), voiced by Alex Borstein. Lois is the mother of the Griffin family. Lois's morals are often questionable. She went through a brief period of kleptomania in the episode "Breaking Out Is Hard to Do", for which she went to prison. She also showed a gambling addiction when the family went to an Indian casino in "The Son Also Draws" during the first season. Various episodes have hinted that Lois is a drug user, but this is shown most clearly in "Deep Throats". She revealed that she smoked marijuana when she was pregnant with Stewie, a claim backed-up by series creator Seth MacFarlane on a DVD commentary. Also, when asked by Peter where she got a tattoo on her lower back, she replied, 'Oh, I do not know Peter, meth is a hell of a drug' (Prick Up Your Ears). She also hints that she engaged in similar activities when a younger Meg was around. When Meg is thought to have become pregnant, Lois tells her to "smoke and drink a lot" (when Meg does not want to have an abortion, which Lois hinted at beforehand) She also mentions, "but do not start then chicken out half way or you end up with Chris," which implies she smoked and consumed alcohol while pregnant with Chris.
Meg Griffin.
Megan “Meg” Griffin, voiced by Mila Kunis. Meg is a disturbed and self-conscious teenage girl who is enrolled at James Woods Regional High School. Her self-consciousness causes her to desperately try to be part of the cool crowd, but this only results in her getting coldly rebuffed by Connie D'Amico, the bullying head cheerleader of her school. She is also usually at the bottom of the family's pecking order and the butt of Peter's jokes due to her homeliness, tendency toward social awkwardness and lack of popularity. However, another student named Neil Goldman is attracted to her.
She has been so self-conscious about herself that she engaged in dangerous sexual behavior just for attention.
Chris Griffin.
Christopher Cross “Chris” Griffin, voiced by Seth Green. Chris is the teenage son of the family, who is overweight, unintelligent and, in many respects, a younger version of his father. Though Chris is not the brightest one in the family, he is particularly coherent and makes good points when talking about movies. Chris deals with the problems that most pubescent boys face: acne, girls, and school. He is 15 years old and, like Meg, is enrolled at James Woods Regional High School. Chris has been known to feel self-conscious about himself, especially his weight. In fact, on the Volume 1 DVD Boxset, it stated that Chris "would not hurt a fly, unless it landed on his hot dog." He was referred to as an "Elephant Child" when he was born. Chris is also willing to do something as drastic as to convert to Judaism order to do better in school, specifically math. He once believed his low grades in mathematics were caused by himself when he tickled his brain by sticking an army man's rifle into his nose and accidentally puncturing a lobe.
Stewie Griffin.
Stewart Gilligan “Stewie” Griffin, voiced by Seth MacFarlane. Stewie is the youngest Griffin member. A sociopathic one year old, hell-bent on killing his mother and taking over the world, Stewie serves the anti-hero of the show. Though he was originally an evil child-genius, in more recent episodes he is a more flamboyant (possibly homosexual) character. Despite always having a rivalry with the family dog, Brian, he and Brian share a very close friendship, and they admitted that they loved each other, in the episode "Brian & Stewie". Stewie is considered to be the show's breakout character. "Wizard" magazine rated him the 95th greatest villain of all time.
Brian Griffin.
Brian Griffin, voiced by Seth MacFarlane, is the Griffin family's pet dog. Brian has lived with the Griffin family since Peter picked him up as a stray. Peter is his best friend, despite Brian's superior intelligence. Brian is often the voice of reason for the family, frequently reminding Peter how stupid or corrupt his ideas are. He also has a very close friendship with Stewie, and the two of them have been at the center of some of the most critically acclaimed episodes during the series, most notably the Road to... episodes.
Seth MacFarlane has once described Brian as "a dog who has a wit as dry as the martinis he drinks." MacFarlane also revealed that Brian is his favorite character from the series, as he feels most comfortable when playing that role.
Brian was (temporarily) killed off, after he was hit by a car in the season 12 episode "Life of Brian". Brian however, returned two episodes later, in "Christmas Guy", after Stewie went back in time to save him.

</doc>
<doc id="19319234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319234" title="Plaxton Pointer">
Plaxton Pointer

The Plaxton Pointer (originally known as the Reeve Burgess Pointer, and later as the TransBus Pointer and Alexander Dennis Pointer) is a single-decker bus body manufactured during the 1990s by Plaxton and latterly built by Alexander Dennis.
With the launch of the Dennis Dart in 1989, Plaxton's subsidiary Reeve Burgess made the Pointer body on the short 8.5 m chassis. Launched in 1991, at 2.3 m wide, this proved popular with big transport operators, and they sold in big numbers in London. The modular nature of both chassis and body meant for various permutations in length, with 8.5 m, 9.0 m and 9.8 m variants being manufactured. The Pointer became the most successful midibus body. The Pointer was also available with Volvo B6 chassis.
The introduction of the Super Low Floor version of the Dennis Dart, the Dart SLF, in 1995 saw the Pointer body redesigned at a 2.4 m width, with a step-free entrance, giving easy access for the disabled. This redesigned Pointer bodywork was also built on the Volvo B6LE, one for the UK and the other 20 for Citybus of Hong Kong. Not long after, the body received an all-new lower front end design, and alterations to the rest of the body - the Pointer 2 was born, and has proved to be just as successful. This was also available in a range of lengths to suit individual needs - 9.3 m, 10.1 m, 10.7 m, 11.3 m "Super Pointer Dart" (SPD), and after 3 years of production, the 8.8 m "Mini Pointer Dart" (MPD).
In 1998, the Mayflower Group, owner of Alexander's Coachbuilders, took over Dennis. The future of the Pointer at that time appeared uncertain as it was thought the Dart may be solely bodied by Alexander. As a result, Plaxton built two Pointer bodies on the Volvo B6BLE chassis known as Bus 2000, but the project was scrapped when Mayflower also purchased Plaxton, forming TransBus International. Certain design features of the scrapped Bus 2000 project have since been used on other designs, most notably the Alexander Dennis Enviro300 and Enviro500.
With the collapse of TransBus in 2004 and subsequent restructuring by the administrators, Plaxton and Alexander Dennis were sold to different parties. As Pointer production had been transferred to the former Alexander plant at Falkirk, it became an Alexander Dennis product. Plaxton, once again an independent company, has signalled its return to the bus market by developing the Centro on VDL and MAN chassis to join its Primo low-floor minibus in competition with the Pointer.
As of 2006 the Pointer was still popular in the UK, securing large orders from Stagecoach, First and Arriva.
On 20 March 2006 Alexander Dennis announced the replacement for the Pointer Dart, the Enviro200 Dart, with the vehicle being launched in August 2006. Some Pointers were still being finished off as the first Enviro200 Darts came off the production line, but all have now been delivered.

</doc>
<doc id="19319238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319238" title="Relativistic star">
Relativistic star

A relativistic star is a rotating neutron star whose behavior is well described by general relativity, but not by classical mechanics. Relativistic stars are one possible source to allow gravitational waves to be studied.
Another definition of a relativistic star is one with the equation of state of a special relativistic gas. This can happen when the core of a massive main sequence star becomes hot enough to generate electron-positron pairs. Stability analysis shows that such a star is only marginally bound, and is unstable to either collapse or explode. This instability is believed to limit the mass of main sequence stars to a couple of hundred solar masses or so. Stars of this size and larger are able to directly collapse into a black hole of either intermediate or supermassive size.

</doc>
<doc id="19319239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319239" title="My Japanese Coach">
My Japanese Coach

My Japanese Coach is a video game for the Nintendo DS and iOS (currently unavailable) published by Ubisoft. As an installment of the My Coach series, the game teaches Japanese through a series of lessons and games. It was released on October 14, 2008.
Gameplay.
According to Ubisoft, "My Japanese Coach" (MJC) will develop a player's Japanese knowledge by lessons which teach the player the correct ways to pronounce words in Japanese. Players can compare their pronunciation to that of native speakers using the Nintendo DS's microphone, as well as using the touch screen and stylus to allow players to trace and correctly practice writing Japanese characters.
A digital character in the game, called Haruka, acts as your teacher for learning Japanese. There are various stages that you work your way through after having taken a small multiple choice, placement like test to see if you knew any Japanese prior to starting the game. If you miss two questions in a row on the placement test, the test ends.
There are also several games you can play to help you learn and win the mastery points that are needed to clear levels; once you master all the words given in one level, you'll be able to move on. Games include flash cards, multiple choice, hit-a-word, fading characters, write cards, memory, word search, etc.
Reception.
The reception for the DS version of My Japanese Coach has been mixed to positive and currently holds a 59 on Metascore. The game has received slighter higher scores from users of the game compared to gaming critics. 
IGN gave the game a 5.5 out of 10, describing the game as having a “Difficulty curve (that) gets very steep and explanations come hard and fast.” 
AceGameZ however gave the game an 80 out 100 describing it as “a great idea that's well implemented and definitely worth investing in if you're trying to learn Japanese.”
References and notes.
http://ds.ign.com/objects/142/14270524.html

</doc>
<doc id="19319264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319264" title="Westoe RFC">
Westoe RFC

Westoe RFC is a Rugby Union Football Club which currently plays in National League 3 North at Wood Terrace, South Shields.
History.
A family club where sons follow fathers and a traditional club, with a historical seafaring influence through the marine faculty at the college nearby Westoe RFC is South Shields' longest established rugby club. Originally formed in 1875, the club has been on the same ground at Wood Terrace since its formation, after it agreed to level the former ridge and furrow farmland for sub rent with the local cricket club. It has shared the Wood Terrace ground with South Shields Cricket club to this day.
The club was formed when Charlie Green and his friends, all aged 16 to 19, crossed the River Tyne on the Tyne ferry after winning a match against Tynemouth, a prominent local rugby club at the time.
In 2005, Westoe RFC, to the interest of South Shields, had a notable Intermediate Cup run. In the semi-final, being the underdogs, they beat much fancied Staines for a passage to Twickenham the national stadium, taking many travelling fans. Unfortunately in the final the first team were beaten by giants Morley R.F.C. from Yorkshire. In the same 2004/05 season the defensive side finished champions in the Division North two, an achievement for the club.
The first XV gained national league status in the 2008/2009 season after a thrilling finale to the season in which they had to beat Beverley away to ensure promotion. This was done in emphatic style and they will now play in national 2 north for the first time in its history.
The club runs four senior teams and has flourishing minis and Colts sections running on two fields a mile away on the outskirts of the town.
First team.
In 2009/10, the club’s first team competes in the English rugby union league and plays in the National League Two North after being crowned champions of the Northern League One in the 2008/09 season, [http://www.rfu.com/fixtures/ViewClubDetail.aspx?TeamID=5746284&CompetitionID=5730101&LeagueID=11395841&sType=League the first time the club has been in this division.
First team honours.
Year 2000 onwards.
Durham and Northumberland League Division One Champions 2000/01
Division North Two (East) Champions 2004/05
Intermediate Cup Runners up 2005
Northern League North One Champions 2008/09

</doc>
<doc id="19319271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319271" title="Raphael Shore">
Raphael Shore

Raphael Shore is a Canadian-Israeli film writer, producer, and rabbi. He is the founder of The Clarion Fund, a non-profit organization that seeks to "educate Americans about issues of national security".
Early life and education.
Shore is the twin brother of Ephraim Shore, the former head of HonestReporting and younger brother of television producer and writer David Shore.
Career.
Shore previously worked for Aish HaTorah, an Orthodox organization devoted to promoting Jewish learning, and has collaborated with its sub-organization, HonestReporting, a pro-Israel media watchdog site run by his brother Ephraim.
Film producer.
In 2010, Shore self-released the documentary film, "Crossing the Line: The Intifada Comes to Campus".
Shore wrote and produced the documentary films ', ', "The Third Jihad: Radical Islam's Vision for America", and "IRANIUM".
Shore's anti-Islam documentary, "Obsession", became a controversial part of the 2008 United States presidential campaign when he distributed copies of it to 28 million voters in U.S. swing states in an apparent attempt to convince them of the dangers of Muslims in the run-up to the election. Shore has declined to reveal who funded both the production of the film or dissemination of the DVDs.
Shore produced the 2012 documentary "Israel Inside: How a Small Nation Makes a Big Difference", narrated by Tal Ben-Shahar. The film explores dimensions of Israeli history and society that tend not to be addressed in mainstream coverage of the country.
Jerusalem Online U..
In 2007 Shore founded the unaccredited Jerusalem Online U., an educational portal offering classes on Israel, positive psychology, Judaism and cinema. Jerusalem Online U. speakers include Tal Ben-Shahar and Tzvi Gluckin.

</doc>
<doc id="19319272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319272" title="WDMC">
WDMC

WDMC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19319282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319282" title="Carlton Theatre">
Carlton Theatre

The Carlton Theatre was a London West End Theatre from 1927 until 1960 when it was converted into The Carlton Cinema. This is now called Cineworld, Haymarket / The Cinema On The Haymarket. The architect was Frank Verity. It is located at 63-65 Haymarket, London, SW1.
Significant productions were:

</doc>
<doc id="19319286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319286" title="2007 China Open – Men's Doubles">
2007 China Open – Men's Doubles

Mahesh Bhupathi and Mario Ančić were the defending champions, but Ančić chose not to participate, and only Bhupathi competed that year.
Rik de Voest and Ashley Fisher won in the final 6–7(3–7), 6–0, [10–6], against Chris Haggard and Yen-hsun Lu.

</doc>
<doc id="19319310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319310" title="Sonora Pilots">
Sonora Pilots

The Sonora Pilots are a professional independent baseball team based in Yuma, Arizona and represent Sonora, Mexico. They play in the International Division of the developmental Arizona Winter League, a short-season instructional winter league sanctioned by the North American League and they play their home games at Desert Sun Stadium in Yuma, along with the Canada Miners, San Diego Surf Dawgs and Yuma Scorpions. They are not affiliated with Major League Baseball or Minor League Baseball.
Team history.
The team started as the Snow Falcons and they used the logo and uniforms of the inactive Surprise Fightin' Falcons team of the now-defunct Golden Baseball League. They were initially managed by Benny Castillo during their original 2-year AWL run. The team did not return after two seasons in November 2008 and were replaced by Team Canada.
On July 10, 2009, they were announced as set to play in 2010 in the Arizona Winter League, again playing at Desert Sun Stadium. However, an October 23, 2009, update does not have them coming back to the AWL after all. They could be invited to play in another league in the future. On January 5, 2011, they were announced to be returning to play in the International Division for the 2011 season. 
Season-by-season records.
Arizona Winter League:

</doc>
<doc id="19319325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319325" title="Shipley Hall">
Shipley Hall

Shipley Hall was a country estate near Heanor and Ilkeston in Derbyshire, England which now forms a Country Park.
Early history.
The Shipley estate is an ancient manor that was mentioned in the Domesday Book. From the 14th century the land was covered in extensive forest used for hunting, with a hunting lodge on Shipley Hill. From the 16th century, coal mining began to provide income for the owners. 
Shipley Hall was built in 1700, and by 1722 coal mining was an important activity on the Shipley estate. The Hall became the property of the Miller-Mundy family who in around 1765 started running the mines themselves. The Nutbrook Canal opened in 1796 to serve the Shipley Colliery, and the income led to extensive development of the estate. The Hall was rebuilt in 1799 (the building in the above photo) to the design of William Linley of Doncaster, and the grounds were landscaped by William Emes, a follower of Capability Brown.
19th century.
In the late 19th century, under Alfred Edward Mille- Mundy, the colliery was becoming increasingly prosperous, especially with the opening of the Midland Railway. Miller-Mundy was regarded as an excellent employer by the standards of the time, with a hands-on approach. Further developments were the building of a model dairy and farm, and the water tower to feed it, designed by W. E. Nesfield, a doubling of the size of the hall and the creation of a cricket ground. The Lodges and gates were designed by Sir Walter Tapper. 
In 1887 there was a scandal at the Hall when Ellen Miller-Mundy, née Palmer-Morewood, who was married to Captain Mundy ran off with Charles Chetwynd-Talbot, the young Earl of Shrewsbury and then left the country with her three brothers who had skipped bail as they were wanted by the police. Her brothers were accused of drawing lots to decide who would kill the eldest brother and heir of Alfreton Hall if he did not sign over outstanding inheritances. 
Captain Mundy was able to entertain King Edward VII at one of the lavish house parties prior to World War I.
20th century.
After Captain Miller Mundy died, the Hall was sold to the Shipley Colliery Company, which his family had founded, who took over complete control of the mines and the family moved out mainly because life at the Hall was seriously affected by the noise and pollution of the colliery. 
After the collieries were nationalised in 1948, the National Coal Board decided that the Hall was too damaged by subsidence to be worth keeping, and demolished it. The Woodside and Coppice coalpits, regarded as uneconomical, were closed in the 1960s,ending over 250 years of deep mining at Shipley. There was a residual legacy of spoil heaps, derelict buildings, polluted lakes and thirty abandoned mine shafts. In the late 1960s Derbyshire County Council decided to create a Country Park as a memorial to mining in the area. 
The National Coal Board reclaimed land near the closed collieries by opencast methods between 1970 and 1974. Two years were spent contouring the site, planting trees, seeding fields and meadows, and building facilities for the public: Shipley Country Park opened to the public on 26 May 1976.
In the 1980s the County Council controversially agreed to the use of part of the park and a lake to form a theme park, initially as Britannia Park. That business closed soon after and the park re-opened as The American Adventure. The last incarnation of this park closed in 2007 and has been partly demolished. The future of this area of the Shipley Country Park, which contains the site of the former Woodside Colliery, is still uncertain.
The cricket ground created in 1899 is still going strongly and is the home of Shipley Hall Cricket Club

</doc>
<doc id="19319328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319328" title="Kaixin001">
Kaixin001

Kaixin001 () is a social networking website launched in March 2008.
In 2010, Kaixin001 ranks as the 13th most popular website in China and 67th overall according to Alexa Internet.
Competition.
Kaixin001's success can be partly credited to internet censorship in the People's Republic of China. Due to the permanent blockage of other social-networking websites such as Myspace, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube since the summer of 2009 following the Ürümqi riots, many Chinese nationals turned to domestic sites, hence the membership spikes.
On 20 May 2009, Kaixin001 formally sued Qianxiang Group for unfair competition. Qianxiang Group runs one of China's popular social networks Renren. It purchased the kaixin.com domain and launched a Kaixin001 clone. This enables Renren to confuse users and attract some Kaixin001 potential users to the Kaixin.com clone. On April 2011, Oak Pacific, owners of Renren, was found by a Chinese court as guilty of violating legal rights of Kaixin001. The compensation sum is still being settled by the Chinese legal system. The other main competition for Kaixin001 is Weibo.com, which is like a hybrid of Twitter and Facebook. Weibo.com has 140 million users and is owned by Sina.com.
Applications.
Kaixin001 cloned and brought the most famous successful Facebook applications to the Chinese Market before anyone else. For example

</doc>
<doc id="19319335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319335" title="Aringa">
Aringa

Aringa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19319342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319342" title="Pemako">
Pemako

Pemako (Tibetan: པདྨ་བཀོད་)is a region located in the southeast corner of Tibet. Its name literally means "Lotus array" in the Tibetan language. Historically a hunting ground for Abors the region became famous specially during the visit of Guru Rinpoche in 8th century. Pemako is considered to be the most sacred place in Tibet, blessed with holy virtues. Many popular Lamas visited the place in search of termas which were made hidden during crisis in Tibet, the most renowned Lama who was born in Pemako is H.H. Dudjom Rinpoche (1904).
Geography.
Pemakoe (Pemakoe, Pemakod or Pema ko) is located in the altitude ranging from 2000 to 3500 meters above sea 
In contemporary Tibet Pemako has become a mere historical name, it has been officially termed as Metok County (after Metok Dzong) or spelled by Chinese as Medog or Mòtuō irrespectively which is under Nyingchi Prefecture, Tibetan Autonomous Region. According to Chinese govt, Metok county covers an area of about 30,000 km2 and has population of 9200 (2001 census) people.Maps of Pemako and Metok Dzong, Maps of Nyintri Prefecture and Minling county
Mêdog.
Mêdog is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. Formally called Metok Dzong, it used to be the residence of Dzongpon (district head) representing the authority of Tibetan Lhasa Govt (Ganden Phodrang). Metok town is located within the valley of the great bend of the river Brahmaputra, its elevation is the lowest of all the counties of Tibet hence the town is abundant in vegetation and has rich flora and fauna. Metok is in the heart of Pema ko which connects the county with rest of the country. Majority of Metok population is Pemakopas (a.k.a. Pemako Tshangla), with significant minority of Khampas, Kongpopas and Lhopas.
The Pemakö Region.
The spatial extent of the Pemakö region can only be approximately determined. It stretches down from the mountain range of Gyala Pelri and Namche Bawar in the north, on either side of the south and south-west flowing Tsangpo River2 until the McMahon Line as defined on British, Tibetan and Indian maps after 1914. The western boundary seems to follow the mountain range with the Tamnyen La, Deyang La, Pepung La, and Doshung La connecting Pemakö and Kongpo. The eastern boundary approximates to the southwards flowing Tsangpo, the Shumo Chu, the Kangri Karpo pass down to Tashigong in the Yang Sang Valley area that is bounded by the right bank of the Yang Sang River between Tashigong until Jido. 3 This area forms the southern part of Pemakö and, with three of its five major pilgrimage sites, constitutes the main pilgrimage area of Pemakö as a holy place. 4 Although Pemakö is often imagined and presented as an isolated region, accounts by British explorers and officers of the Indian administration show that it was rather a dynamic hub for peoples both from the Tibetan plateau and the lower hill regions to the south. They came there in search of new places to settle, or on pilgrimage, or traversed the region on trade and tax collecting missions. The imagined isolation of Pemakö might have emerged from the scarcity and nature of material from the past, which mainly focus upon religious aspects of its exploration and opening as a hidden land. The Tibetan Buddhist concept of hidden lands in itself already conveys the idea of isolation and inaccessibility. 
Observations at Phe in 1924 by the British naturalist Frank Kingdon Ward reveal a lively movement of people through Pemakö: "The Mönbas were now crossing the Doshong La in hundreds, a few Kampas, Pobas, and Kongpobas with them; we also saw three Lopas - presumably the people we call Abors - who had come 25 marches. They had all come to get salt, bringing rice, curry, vegetable dyes, canes […], maize, tobacco, and a few manufactured articles such as coloured bamboo baskets, garters, and so forth. […] By the end of October traffic ceased, […] but at this time not a day passed without fifty or a hundred people coming over – men, women, and children – and Pe, with its camps, and supplies, and people coming and going, presented a lively scene. Between one and two thousand must have crossed the Doshong La in October, which made Pemako appear quite thickly populated. But it is not. The area of Pemako cannot be less than 20,000 square miles, and probably a third of the population come to Pe for salt each year. Most of the remainder go to Showa". 
Measured against Kingdon Ward’s estimation of Pemakö’s spatial dimension, the region might have been sparsely populated but, as he notes himself, the number of people coming to Phe only comprised a third of the population. The rugged mountain area of Pemakö allows little space for settlements and farmland. In relation to these stretches of inhabitable land, the population density was higher only along certain river valleys. Up to the end of the 1950s, these valleys functioned as the major transport arteries between the Tibetan plateau and the lower hill regions. Apart from these main routes, the region is criss-crossed by trails connecting the various villages within the Pemakö region. Due to the increasing number of migrants flowing into Pemakö since the beginning of the 20th century, the native inhabitants of the region were, by degrees, displaced from their settlement areas, which often resulted in armed conflicts. The spatial extent of settlement areas was closely connected with expansion of the Tibetan state’s territorial control in Pemakö. By acting as the agents of the Tibetan administration, the Buddhist population of Pemakö established itself as a powerful community, one collecting taxes from other non-Buddhist groups beyond the border (McMahon Line) agreed upon by British-India and Tibet, and controlling exchange and interaction between the Tibetan plateau and the lower hill regions to the south. This situation alerted the British authorities. In the context of the advance of Chinese troops towards Tibet at the beginning of the 20th century, they feared loss of the region as a convenient buffer zone between their Himalayan hill territory and the Tibetan plateau. In order to exercise better control over their virtually unadministered territory, the British administration conducted several expeditions to Pemakö with the aim of building friendly relations between the administration and the population, as well as stabilising relations among the different tribal groups. In addition to gathering much geographical and natural history data, British explorers recorded whatever facts they were able to obtain about the local populations. The integration of the wide range of local peoples under British-Indian administration lead to pragmatically simplified classifications using exonyms at the time; previous attempts to base such classifications upon local autonyms elsewhere in British Himalayan territories had resulted in thousands of identities being generated. British classifications of Pemakö peoples were created according to the larger regions where migrants were thought to have originated from and the languages spoken in these regions. The establishment of the category ‘Tshangla-speaking Memba’ and ‘Tibetan-speaking Tibetans’ forms the basis for the contemporary classification of Upper Siang’s Buddhist population. The long-term result has been that, up to the present day, a variety of Pemakö groups are subsumed under these ST categories with an ascribed name that in many cases have no corrolation with their autonyms nor their own sense of origins and history.
History.
Tibet as whole was ruled by small princely rulers, sometime called Pon-, Dzongpon and by some monastery. Pemako was no exception. It came under the rule of Powo king who ruled whole area of which defines Pemakoe (Now Metok county and part of Arunachal Pradesh (upper siang). During Powo rule Pemako people had good relations with the Poba people, they jointly fought against Abors (Adis, mishmis etc.) who regularly disturbed the pilgrimage. Hardly any people lived in Pemako before Tsangla migrants settled in the region, currently Pemakopas makes up the majority of the population. As we always talk about Greater Tibet or Bhoet Chenpo at one time in Tibetan History all area of Drukyul, Dremong yul, Lha-dhak yul and Mon-yul were under the great king of Tibet, half ancestor of Pemako peoples the Tsangla group immigrated internally to the land of hidden valley to escape aggression in their original homeland. When first Tsangla people arrived in Pemako region they found that the land was unused, they settled in the lower Yarlung valley, surrounded by Kongpopas in the northwest and Pobas in the northeast and Lopas in the south, Tsangla adopted many customs from them but still retained their original language which they still speak at home. By 1931 Tibetan national government was able to dismantled Powo kingdom and region come under direct rule of central Tibetan Government, Lhasa. Pemako region came into the jurisdiction of Tibetan central Government. Ganden Phodrang (Tibet govt) had its governor stationed in Metok Dzong who look after the territory and established communications between Lhasa and region of Pemako. Hence tax to be paid to Tibet Lhasa govt which was compulsory for all the people living in the region in the form of cash or kind. Region of pemako was divided among different monastery and different aristocratic family. Some region of Pemako pay tax to Sera monastery in form of grains, chillis, bamboo poles for prayer flags (Dharchen), products made of cane, medicinal herbs such as yertsa-goonbu, mushroom and animal skin. Some regions of Pemako was under Kyabje Dudjom Rinpoche as monastic entitlement of nyingma lineage.Head of the Tsang la requested powo for help fight against abor,but there was no evidence of powo ruled on Pemakoe and was unfamiliar in pemakoe.Some books referred pemakoe was ruled by powo is an contradiction of the claim.
Migration.
This study explores the history of migration by different Buddhist peoples from eastern Bhutan, the neighbouring Tawang area and the Tibetan plateau to the ‘hidden land’ (Tib. sbas yul) of Pemakö, and the circumstances that induced migrants to leave their homelands. The descendants of these diverse migrants who settled in the southern part of Pemakö - the Tuting, Geling and Singa Circles of Upper Siang District, Arunachal Pradesh - became officially classified as the Memba and Khamba1‘Scheduled Tribes’ (hereafter ST) by the Indian administration during the early 1950s, in order to incorporate them all into the newly independent Indian state. These ST categories were constructed on the basis of supposed common group origins and spoken language, and thus convey the impression that Upper Siang’s Buddhist population consists of two different groups, both of which are internally homogeneous. However, both written sources of the British and post-independence Indian administration and my own fieldwork data demonstrate clearly that Pemakö’s Buddhist population traces its origins back to a wide variety of homelands. Moreover, the ST labels are themselves exonyms that carry certain stereotypes and negative notions, especially the label Memba. Thus, both the Memba and Khampa labels meet with disapproval by local peoples so labeled. The present study retraces the various migration histories and movements of Pemakö ancestor populations. This allows some preliminary explanation of the autonyms used by these migrants themselves, in contrast to the generic exonyms, such as Memba and Khampa, that external agents haveapplied to them. We can also demonstrate that, in large part due to the religious status of the region as a hidden land, Pemakö became an ethno-linguistic melting pot for migrants from many different places. This diverse group nevertheless developed a common Buddhist identity vis-à-vis their nonBuddhist neighbours, while simultaneously maintaining clear group boundaries among themselves according to place of origin and/or residence.
Migration from eastern Bhutan during the early 19th century.
According to historical socurces, Orgyan Drodül Lingpa (b. 1757), recognised as the 5th reincarnation of the Kagyü master Gampopa, was a key 18th-century religious figure actively involved in the exploration of Pemakö. By the end of the 18th century, due to his priest-donor relation with the king of Powo who controlled the region of Pemakö, Orgyan Drodül Lingpa travelled down the Tsangpo gorge. In a dream he received instruction to build a temple on a nearby hill. The foundation to Rinchenpung was laid in 1806 and the temple became the centre of religious life in Pemakö. It is reported that he, “[…] took under his wing […] whole assemblage of inhabitants of Klo and Mon”and his teachings and activities became widely known. Today, a larger group of Pemakö’s population correlates its migration history with the agency of Orgyan Drodül Lingpa. According to local Pemakö oral traditions, there was an important Lama in Lhasa whose name was Gampopa. Hisfame had spread widely in Tibet and at the time when he went to Pemakö many people from eastern Bhutan accompanied him. These people not only “were encouraged by the legendary reputation of these ‘hidden lands’”, the reason “to flee there in the 19th century to escape from oppressive taxation in the area of eastern Bhutan and elsewhere”. 
Local oral accounts describe this situation as follows: “The Mön king was very cruel. People had to work very hard for him. They started to look for a new place to live and so left Mön and thus they came to Pemakö. First a few came and later more and more followed. ” On their way, these migrants were held up by local non-Buddhist populations described as ‘Lopas’ (Tib. klo pa), who only allowed them to pass through their territory after paying a toll. Being unable to pay, the migrants had to stopover and their journey was delayed for almost two years. After their arrival in Pemakö the migrants leased a plot of land near Metog from the local Lopa, but the land was covered with trees and bamboo and inhabited by demons and spirits. After these evil forces were expelled from the land the migrants used the wood and bamboo to build houses and they cultivated the land. The good news circulated and more than one hundred households followed. In 1913, roughly a century after this major Bhutanese and Mönpa migration movement occurred, George Dunbar visited the Pemakö region and reported that: “About a hundred years ago a band of emigrants from Darma e. Bhutan crossed the main range, it is conjectured by the Doshung La, and settled in the valley about Marpung, which is probably the oldest settlement. ” From Marpung these migrants gradually spread “ousting the earlier inhabitants from the best land on either bank of the river, but permitting them to remain on their holdings in the unproductive tracts lying immediately below the gorge and about the 29th parallel”. Even though these migrants counted themselves at the time as the fourth generation settled in Pemakö29, their ties with Bhutan seem to have remained strong in certain respects, since they once in their lives went back to Bhutan to pay respect to the Trongsa Penlop. The historical timeframes in the above accounts correspond to what Bailey was also told in 1913 by a man from Kapu, who claimed his grandfather to be one of the original migrants from Bhutan about hundred years earlier, but which Bailey interprets as “just another way of saying ‘a long while’”. Bailey’s impression was that this time period “had not been so long that the immigrants were truly settled”. 
However, in the early 1880s, Kinthup, one of the Panditexplorers, reports several settlements and monasteries between Pemaköchung and Mayum, and we can assume that at the beginning of the 1880s the Buddhist migrants had established them as a recognisable group in the region. By the start of the 20th century, their settlement area stretched from Payi to Kopu on the right bank of the Tsangpo gorge, and from Pango to Mayum on the left bank. Several of the non-Buddhist groups were engaged in conflicts with Memba settlers over the limited resources of land and food, and according to the situation they formed alliances among each other that were renounced as quickly as they were tied. Bailey reports that, “bout the year 1905 the Abors raided up the valley and burnt the village of Hangjo below Rinchenpung and penetrated as far as Giling. Up to this time the Powo administration had allowed the frontier villages to settle their accounts with the Abors as best they could, but now became alarmed and sent troops down the Tsangpo valley to help their subjects on the frontier”. These battles and the victory over the local non-Buddhist populations are still part of Memba memories in Pemakö. In order to consolidate their authority, the Powo administration established an outpost, the Kala Yong Dzong, at Nyereng in the Yang Sang Valley around 1908. This military takeover of the valley and the outpost offered security for Buddhist pilgrims and settlers coming down from the Tsangpo and Chimdro Valley. During the following decades, this Powo Tibetan influence in the form of tax collection and trade control extended as far south as the villages of Karko and Simong. Nevertheless, the main areas of settlement were, at least up to the beginning of the 1940s, located on the upper stretches of the Tsangpo Valley and, as Godfrey reports after a flight over the area up to Namche Bawar, only few scattered “Bhutia” villages were recognisable further down stream.
Migration from Tibet during the 20th century.
During the early 20th century, various waves of migrants from parts of the south-eastern Tibetan plateau, a region generally known as Kham, first began to arrive in areas immediately adjacent to Pemakö, such as the Mishmi Hills to the southeast and Chimdro to the east. In 1906/07, Noel Williamson reported a Tibetan settlement as established in the upper Dibang River area of the Mishmi Hills, whose settlers-originally arriving there for trade-came from the “province of Darge” e. the Derge kingdom in Kham at an unknown date. In 1913, the British Mishmi Expedition explored the upper Mathun Valley and came across a colony of Kham Tibetans settled at Mipi. They were refugees from a devastating flood in the Yidong Valley of Pome which had occurred around the turn of the century, and arrived in the Mishimi area via the neighbouring region of Chimdro. A further group of about two thousand Tibetans from parts of Kham, Derge, Powo and elsewhere arrived in the Mishmi hills gain via Chimdro around 1902/03, guided by Jampa Jungne, the head of Riwoche monastery in Kham. Jampa Jungne interpreted imperial China’s western expansion onto the eastern Tibetan Plateau at the time as a sign to depart for Pemakö, and thus escape military invasion and colonisation. Disillusioned after conflicts with the local Mishmi inhabitants, and convinced that this place was not the hidden land they sought, the majority of the settlers returned to Tibet around 1909. The numbers of migrants arriving around the Pemakö region from eastern Tibetan regions such as Chamdo, Dragyab, Gonjo and Derge gradually increased, and they mainly settled in the Chimdro valley and around Metog Dzong. With their fellow countrymen on the southern side of the mountain range, these Tibetan migrants established extensive trade relations with several groups in the Abor Hills. During the same period, the Yang Sang Valley within Pemakö became the centre of Buddhist activities, where Buddhist masters and their disciples wandered through the hills discovering religious treasures and establishing several pilgrimage sites that seasonally attracted larger groups of pilgrims. Following the introduction of Indian administration several of these pilgrimage places fell into neglect because “Tibetans from across the border come nowadays for worship as they used to do in large numbers in the past”. However, the number of permanent Tibetan settlers in Pemakö continued to increase. While stationed at Tuting, Hranga noted in the 1950s that, “By enquiry I found that these villages came into being some 46 years ago […. Some of the Khambas (and I think most of them) came from Chimdru. ”In 1944, James was told by the Head Lama Pema Yeshi that his father was the one who started the Khampa colony in the Yang Sang Valley. At that time Pema Yeshi was a small boy. Around 1954 Lama Pema Yeshi died and his position as Head Lama was taken over by his son Sangtapji. Whereas in 1944, only two permanent Tibetan settlements were reported at Nyereng and Tasigong with 23 houses in total,in 1956 the Buddhist population, most of them being Khampa, consisted of around 350 people and they had established several villages, small monasteries and nunneries in the valley. Not everyone coming down the Tsangpo or Yang Sang Valley was attracted merely by the pilgrimage sites. Until the mid-1930s, the kingdom of Powo enjoyed a certain degree of independence from the Central Tibetan administration. It is also said that the 26th Kanam Depa of Powo had a penchant for shady characters and surrounded himself with them, and the region became infamous for its marauding gangs. The wilderness of Pemakö, and the fact that the southern part was controlled by the British and later Indian authorities, offered a good hideout for criminals, outlaws and tax fugitives as is reported in British and Indian administrative documents. The last major migration movement into Pemakö was set in motion around 1949/50 by China’s invasion in Tibet. In the beginning of this exodus, the majority of these refugees came from eastern Tibetan regions hoping to return to their homes after some time, thus they established temporary settlements around Metog Dzong and the Chimdro Valley. The situation in Chimdro must have been tense at that time and most likely due to a constant influx of new refugees, in January 1959 a “land dispute between the Rekho Khambas and the Riwoche Khambas caused massacre of the former by the latter”. Therefore more and more refugees desired to move further south into the Yang Sang Valley where not only the main pilgrimage sites are located, but also land was available. However, after the establishment of the Indian administrative post in Tuting in 1953, entering Indian Territory became more difficult and people crossing the border usually had to ask for permission. But not only Tibetan refugees have asked for permission to settle permanently on the Indian side. A number of Pemakö residents from north of the McMahon Line went down on permits to visit the holy places and their relatives, and in fear they might settle in Indian Territory, the Dzongpön of Pemakö requested the Indian administration not to allow any of his people to settle south of the border without his approval, to which the Indian officer agreed, since the Mishmi and Abor groups already had the feeling that Tibetans were encroaching on their land. The escape of the Dalai Lama in 1959 was a final signal for thousands to follow him into exile, and many from the nearby region of Kongpo and Pome also set out to Pemakö in the hope of reaching an earthly paradise with an unending supply of food, rivers of milk, and where people didn’t have to work to make a living. Often these refugees encountered Chinese troops on their way and many lost their lives or were captured and brought back. But those who were able to escape were welcomed by the local Buddhist population who provided them with food and shelter, as did the Indian Army. On the eve of the Sino-Indian War in 1962, many of the Memba and Tibetan families who had been settled in the Tsangpo Valley above the McMahon Line for generations, abandoned their homes and also sought refuge in India. This flow of refugees was finally stopped by the outbreak of the war in October 1962. From the mid-1950s until January 1962, the Indian administration registered 7004 refugees entering the Siang Frontier Division via Mechukha, Manigong and Tuting/Geling. Most of them were eventually evacuated to different Tibetan settlements around India, but around 1000 were allowed to settle temporarily in Tuting. The reason for all those who decided to settle permanently in southern Pemakö was the sacredness of the land, as I was informed. Ever since then, Tuting became the biggest settlement for southern Pemakö’s Buddhist population. Nevertheless the main areas of distribution, with the Memba settling in the Tsangpo Valley between Tuting and Geling, and the Khampa/Tibetan in the Yang. 
Ever since Pemako was first opened to outside world thousands of people from different walks of life settled in the region, among them, earliest were the Tshangla people from Eastern Bhutan who fled their homeland and took refuge there. Among the first clans of Tshangla people were the Ngatsangpas (Snga Tsang pa)who paved ways for others to join them in their plight for a promised land free from sufferings. The exodus of Tshangla community continued from beginning of the 18th century right until the early 20th century. Political and religious turmoil in Tibet forced many Tibetans to join Tshangla people in Pemako a land where religious serenity pledge through many revered Lamas who had been to this land, prophesied by Guru Rinpoche in the mid-8th century to be a land of final call where devotees would be flocking at the time of religious persecutions, the last sanctuary for Buddhism, with the time Pemako's popularity grew more and more, with the popularity many Tibetan people particularly from Kham followed their Lamas and settled alongside Tshangla populace. Over the period of time Tibetans and Tshangla migrants amalgamated to form an homogeneous group called Pemako pas ( Pad-ma dkod pa). The process of infusion gave birth to a new Tshangla dialect called Pemako dialect. People who reside in Pemako enclave are of mixed blood originated from early Tshangla settlers and different Tibetan tribes, Standard Tibetan is also spoken in Pemako, with many different languages such Khampa language, Kongpo dialect, Poba Language etc.
Modern and Contemporary Pemako People.
Since 1904 the year Kabgye Dudjom Rinpoche was born in Pemako, people from all over Tibet especially from Khams, Golok and Utsang, descended in Pemako and settled near their Lama. Gradually intermarriage between the first settler and second wave settler produce what is today Pemakopa spread around the world. Descendant of Pemakopa are hard working, strong, smart and intelligent people. Descendant of Pemakopa are spread across the Globe in this times. Today Pemakopa has unique cultural identity and dialect that can be compared to any other region and dialect of Tibet. Tsangla is collequial of Pemakoe. Eastern Bhutaness sharing same language in the form of text, therefore, Tsangla has text no longer use in Pemakoe.
Pemakopa means people of Pemako as a whole. People of Pemako include Tsanglha, Khampa i.e. Lhasawa, Rekhewa, Gonjowa, Nangchenpa, Golokpa, Kongpopa, Powowa, Zayulwa, Memba, Adhi, Mishimi and other Lopas. Modern day Pemakopa descendent have the multi- ethnic roots.
Yarlung Tsangpo == Tsangchu in Pemakoe (not Yarlung Tsangpo)
River Tsangpo (Tsangchu) which originates from Lake Manasarovar in Western Tibet flows through 1500 km eastward when it reaches Mt Namcha Barwa, its bend making a U shape turn to penetrate into lower Himalayan ranges, thus curving one of the deepest Canyon in the world. Water dropping above 3,000 meters near Phe, about 300 metres at the end of the gorge. The river is called Tsangchu a famous river in Pemakoe, like kyichu in lhasa.
Demography.
Pemako is surely not a homogeneous society, different ethnic people lived here from many years, people like Pemakopas (Tsangla), Kongpowas, Poba Tibetans and Lopas (Adi, mishis etc.) live here but Pemakopas make up the majority about 65-70% of the total population of 10,000-15,000, remaining are Khampas, kongpowas and Lopas. (According to 2001 census in Metok county (Dzong) there are about 10,000 people ). In exile Pemakopa people spread through the world, but mainly concentrated in Tibetan Settlement of Miao choephelling, Tezu Dhargyeling, Tuting and area, Orissa-Jerang camp, Tibetan Women Centre - Rajpur, Clementown, Delhi area, some in Europe and North America.
Language.
The Tshangla dialect of Pemako (Tibetan: པདྨ་བཀོད་ཚངས་ལ་སྐད་, Wylie: Padma-kod Tsangla skad, also Padma kod skad) is the predominant language in the Pemako region of Tibet and an adjoining contiguous area south of McMahon line in Arunachal Pradesh in India. Though Tshangla is not a Tibetan language it shares many similarities with Classical Tibetan, particularly in its vocabulary. Many Tibetan loanwords are used in Pemako, due to centuries of close contact with various Tibetan tribes in the Pemako area. Pemako dialect has undergone tremendous changes due to its isolation and Tibetan influence.
Tsangla or Pemakopa is one of the many dialects of Tibet. Tsangla is widely spoken and understood by many non-tsangla speakers in the area. As a Tibetan, people of Pemako also speak Shuong Ke or official Tibetan national language. Pemakopa people also speak other dialects of Tibet such as khampa, Kongpo and Zayul ke. Today inside Tibet pemakopa people are also well verse in Mandarin. As majority are Pemakopas, Tsangla spoken is well established. If we talk about Tsangla language it is a branch of Tibeto-Burman bodish language which is mutually intelligible with those Tsangla in Eastern Bhutan. The dialect has evolved into a new dialect as intermarriage between the first wave of settler and second wave of settler that came from kham, golok and ustang after the birth of Kyabje Dudjom Rinpoche in Pemako. Contemporary pemakopa dialect is, a distinct, one of many and rich regional dialect of Tibet. Tsangla or Pemakopa dialect doesn't have tones unlike Shoung Ke or Tibetan National language, but Tsangla language in Pemako has high and low sound, which is absence in other Tsangla speaking people of neighboring countries. Pemakopa dialect numerical denomination up to 20 and higher number are counted in Shoung Ke or Tibetan National language. Globally Pemakopa or Tsangla dialect is spoken by about 140,000- 160,000 people.
Religion.
People in Pemako follow Nyingma tradition of Tibetan Buddhism. Nyingma means "old translation" in Tibetan.
In Dec 2010 Chinese Govt connected the tunnel through Mount Galung la, which claimed to be connected Pemako to the rest of world throughout the year.
Pemako Monastery.
Lamaling Monastery in Kongpo headed Dudjom Rinpoche's daughter, Rinchenpong Monastery in Metok.
Lama of Pemako.
H.H. The Dudjom Rinpoche of Pemako, Terton Ngangey, Marpong Rinpoche, ven gyalsay rinpoche. Late Tulku Dawa, Taksham Choegye Lingpa, Lama Yonten Yangsi rinpoche Gyetrul Jigmey Rimpoche these are the few lamas which original being born and spiritually connected to the hidden and sacred pilgrims of pemako moreover, there are more tulkus which are now recognizing as a lama of pemako.
Elders.
Dzongpon Dawpo, descend of Pemako who was the chieftain of Metok district (dzong) during Powo khanam rules, late Tsopon Ngawang Tsultrim (He served the people of Pemako in Tibet and in exile as a representative, late Tsopon Norbu wangchuk.
External links.
Baker, Ian. The Heart of the World: A Journey to the Last Secret Place. New York, N.Y: The Penguin Press, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19319343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319343" title="Allen Correctional Institution">
Allen Correctional Institution

The Allen Correctional Institution is a prison located in Lima, Ohio, USA. It is part of the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction. Its most well-known inmate is mass murderer James Ruppert, II, the Hamilton, Ohio resident who killed 11 family members at his mother's house on Easter Sunday in 1975.
The current warden of the prison is John Coleman. 
History.
Allen Correctional Institution was built in 1987 in Allen County, Ohio on a site northwest of Columbus that shared land with the Lima Correctional Institution, a medium-security prison that closed in 2004.
In June 1995, the parole request of 61-year old James Ruppert, II was rejected and he was ordered to serve another 40 years minimum. Ohio had no death penalty at the time of Ruppert's arrest and therefore he cannot be put to death by the correctional system of Ohio.
Hope Taft, wife of Bob Taft who was the Governor of Ohio from 1999 to 2007, approached the administration at Pickaway Correctional Institution in 2000 regarding the establishment of a reading room for children who visit the prison. The idea spread statewide and the room has been built in all 32 institutions that comprise the Department of Rehabilitation and Correction including the Allen Correctional Institution. Each room has an inmate narrator who reads to visiting children twice a day.
The prison.
The population of the facility is typically around 1300 male inmates, most of whom are housed under minimum or medium security. A few prisoners are held under close or maximum security. The facility employs roughly 375 staff members of, half of whom are classified as security. The cost of maintaining each inmate at the facility is approximately $62 per day.
Prisoners can participate in programs that will allow them to earn their GED or even a degree from the University of Findlay, located northeast of the prison. In addition, special classes are offered in power equipment technology, turf management, carpentry, masonry and plumbing.
Court case.
In 2004, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals heard the case of Michael Bigelow v. Jesse Williams, Warden, in which inmate Bigelow maintained he was innocent of the charges of kidnapping and arson. On June 17, 1993, real estate agent Charlotte Schrier was kidnapped in Toledo, Ohio and asked to drive to a remote location where the assailant cut her with a razor blade before she escaped. She picked Bigelow out of a police lineup, but he maintains he was in Columbus, Ohio all day.
Special programs.
Bonds Beyond Bars is a program that allows fathers housed at Allen Correctional Institution to participate in girl scout activities with their daughters in the visiting room on a biweekly basis.
My Child and I is a program that educates inmates on issues regarding family responsibility, relationship building and behavior cycles to promote positive fatherhood.
Angels for Animals is an organization that brings abandoned kittens to Allen Correctional Institution where selected inmates care for the animals 24 hours a day until a home can be found for them. As of 2007, 40 kittens had been brought to the prison.
The Sugar Creek Development Unit (SCDU) is a 60-bed residential facility on the prison grounds that provides psychiatric and psycho-social services for mentally ill inmates. For some, this program is only temporary during their incarceration while for others, the SCDU serves as their living quarters for the duration of their sentence.
The Residential Treatment Unit (RTU) is a special facility that also provides psychiatric assistance for inmates who have difficulty living in the general prison population and are admitted to this program not only from within the Allen Correctional Institution but from other correctional institutions in Ohio as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19319348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319348" title="2008 FIA GT Brno 2 Hours">
2008 FIA GT Brno 2 Hours

The 2008 FIA GT Brno 2 Hours was the seventh round of the 2008 FIA GT Championship season. It took place at the Brno Circuit, Czech Republic, on 14 September 2008.
Race results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC). Cars with a C under their class are running in the Citation Cup, with the winner marked in bold italics.

</doc>
<doc id="19319353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319353" title="Yitzhak Aharonovich">
Yitzhak Aharonovich

Yitzhak Aharonovich (, born 22 August 1950) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu, and as the country's Minister of Internal Security.
Biography.
Born in Jerusalem on 22 August 1950, Aharonovich studied history at the University of Haifa. In the 1980s, he headed the northern command of the Israel Border Police and led rescue operations during the two Tyre catastrophes. From 2002 to 2004 he was deputy Police Commissioner, before serving as director general of the Dan Bus Company from 2004 to 2005. 
In 2006, he was elected to the Knesset on Yisrael Beiteinu's list. In March 2007, he was appointed Minister of Tourism, but his tenure ended in January 2008 when the party left the coalition. He retained his seat in the 2009 elections, for which he was placed fourth on the party's list. Upon the formation of the Netanyahu government on 31 March 2009, he was appointed Minister of Public Security. On 16 June 2009, Aharonovich told an undercover police detective, who apologized for being untidy while meeting the minister in Tel Aviv's central bus station, that he looked as dirty as an “Araboosh” a Hebrew slur roughly meaning “little Arab”. He was denounced by several members of the Knesset as a racist following that, and he subsequently apologized.
Aharonovich was praised for his actions during the Mount Carmel forest fire.

</doc>
<doc id="19319368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319368" title="Monomaster">
Monomaster

The monoMASTER[http://www.independentmail.com/news/2009/dec/31/bassmaster-classic-2010-less-two-months-away/] is a fishing tool used by anglers to store waste nylon monofilament line (fishing line). Invented by Dr. Ian Alexander White and produced by Grasshopper Outdoor Products, Ltd the monoMASTER debuted at the Sommerset Flyfishing show in NJ in January 2008. 
The monoMASTER offers an easy way for anglers to safely dispose of bits of fishing line which otherwise might end up entangling fish, birds, or other wildlife. For its contributions to environmental conservation the monoMASTER received an official endorsement from the Federation of Flyfishers and from screenwriter Richard Friedenberg (A River Runs Through It)

</doc>
<doc id="19319376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319376" title="Gira Me Verás Volver">
Gira Me Verás Volver

Gira Me Verás Volver is a live album recorded by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo. The album was released in 2008 as two different albums, Gira Me Verás Volver CD #1 and Gira Me Verás Volver CD #2, also was recorded a DVD of the concerts of the tour. The album was recorded during their 2007 comeback tour, Me Verás Volver, that spanned the months of October through December. Countries visited during the tour were Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Panamá, Perú, USA and Venezuela. Recordings were taken from various shows from the tour including Argentina, USA, Colombia, Chile, Mexico and Perú.
CD track listing.
"Gira Me Verás Volver" DVD 2.
(P)2007,2008 Sony-bmg music entertainment (Argentina) s.a.

</doc>
<doc id="19319385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319385" title="Acanthurus olivaceus">
Acanthurus olivaceus

Acanthurus olivaceus, also known as Orange band Surgeonfishor Orange-shoulder Surgeonfish, is a member of the family Acanthuridae, the surgeonfishes. It lives in tropical waters of the Indo-west Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="19319421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319421" title="Gua">
Gua

Gua may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19319433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319433" title="Pedro Reginaldo Lira">
Pedro Reginaldo Lira

Lira was born in Salta, Argentina in 1915 and was ordained a bishop on September 21, 1938. He was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Salta and Titular Bishop of Tenedus on July 16, 1958, and ordained bishop on September 7, 1958 (his 43rd Birthday). Lira was then appointed bishop of the Diocese of San Francisco in Argentina on June 12, 1961. He resigned from this post on June 22, 1965, and was then appointed Titular bishop of Castellum in Mauretania. He was again appointed to Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Salta in 1967 and resigned from that position on May 12, 1978, along with the Titular Bishop of Castellum in Mauretania.

</doc>
<doc id="19319458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319458" title="WDXE">
WDXE

WDXE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19319472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319472" title="Shaul Amor">
Shaul Amor

Shaul Amor (, born 24 December 1940, died 2 October 2004) was an Israeli politician who served as a Minister without Portfolio between January and July 1999.
Biography.
Born in Boujad, Morocco in 1940, Amor made aliyah in 1956. He studied at the Social Work institute in Haifa, and served as mayor of Migdal HaEmek.
In 1988 he was elected to the Knesset on the Likud list. He was re-elected in 1992 and 1996, and on 20 January 1999 was made a Minister without Portfolio. However, he lost his seat in the May 1999 elections, after which he also lost his ministerial position.

</doc>
<doc id="19319480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319480" title="Moisuc">
Moisuc

Moisuc is a Romanian surname. People with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19319505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319505" title="Eastern Cape Parks">
Eastern Cape Parks

Eastern Cape parks is a governmental organisation responsible for maintaining wilderness areas and public nature reserves in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19319512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319512" title="Sasson">
Sasson

Sasson (hebrew: ששון) is a hebrew name which means happiness.
The name Sasson can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19319534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319534" title="Sun Dance (song)">
Sun Dance (song)

"Sun Dance" is a song by Tomahawk from their 2007 album, "Anonymous". It is the ninth song on the album and it was released as a digital download single in iTunes. The song is influenced by traditional tribal songs that were sung by Native Americans during the Sun Dance celebration. The B-side, "El Tecolote", is an instrumental piece. Unlike the album tracks of "Anonymous", "El Tecolote" does not feature any type of metal integrated into the song, and it is an easy, laid-back song, whereas the songs of "Anonymous" are eerie and spooky in nature.
The song's lyrics are only a chorus and chanting. The main body of the song that includes the chanting is very low and creepy, whereas the chorus is heavy metal, featuring distorted vocals, similar to the style of Mr. Bungle, one of Mike Patton's other bands.
El Tecolote is a small town on the Mexican coast, and the song is thought to represent the atmosphere of that place.
The single cover does not feature the name "Sun Dance"; however, it does mimic an old Wild West wanted poster, stating the band, their names, and a reward of 10,000,000 dollars.
Track list.
iTunes Single

</doc>
<doc id="19319551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319551" title="Grade I listed buildings in Cambridgeshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Cambridgeshire

There are approximately 372,905 listed buildings in England and 2.5% of these are Grade I. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Cambridgeshire, by district.

</doc>
<doc id="19319570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319570" title="6615th Ranger Force">
6615th Ranger Force

The 6615th Ranger Force was an American regiment in World War II. It served in the Italian campaign and lost two battalions at the Battle of Cisterna, part of the Battle of Anzio.
Formation.
The 6615th Ranger Force was formed specially for use in Operation Shingle (the Anzio battle). The 1st, 3rd, and 4th United States Ranger Battalions, the 509th Parachute Infantry Battalion, and several other units were molded into a temporary regiment given the name "6615th Ranger Force." Colonel William Orlando Darby, the former commander of the famous 1st Ranger Battalion, became the regimental commanding officer. Lieutenant Colonel Hermann Dammer served as the regimental executive officer.
Units and commanding officers.
6615th Ranger Force-Colonel William O. Darby, C.O.
Combat missions.
The 6615th landed at Peter Beach in the port of Anzio, on January 22, 1944. It suffered very few casualties and moved into the city itself. After the U.S. Sixth Corps occupied Anzio, the corps commander, Major General John P. Lucas and the 3rd Division commander, Major General Lucian K. Truscott, met with Colonel Darby and decided to have the Rangers sneak behind the German lines and capture the town of Cisterna. The corps and division intelligence officers thought that there was a gap in the German lines. However, the German commanders, Field Marshal Albert von Kesselring and General Eberhard von Mackensen suspected an American attack in the vicinity of Cisterna and sent a large force of crack troops, armored units, and artillery to cut off the Rangers.
On the night of January 30, 1944, the 1st and 3rd Ranger Battalions made their way behind enemy lines and killed the German sentries in Cisterna. Suddenly, concealed German artillery and armor opened fire on the Americans. One of the first shells killed Major Miller, the 3rd Battalion commander. Major Dobson, the 1st Battalion C.O., took command of the two battalions. The Rangers took cover and started firing, but rifles were no match for the heavy German equipment. All of the Rangers fought bravely, killing a good number of Germans, but they suffered many more killed and wounded. Major Dobson was among the wounded.
When Colonel Darby, Colonel Dammer, and the other staff officers in the 6615th Regimental Headquarters found out about the plight of the 1st and 3rd Battalions, Lt. Colonel Murray's 4th Battalion, with armored and infantry support, fought a bitter, bloody battle with the Germans to try to save the surrounded Rangers of the 1st and 3rd. Many Germans were killed in the two-day battle that followed. However, the relief force was stalled too long to be of much help to their fellow Rangers. Out of the 767 Rangers who made it into Cisterna, only 6 made it out. The rest were killed or captured.
After Cisterna.
Cisterna marked the end of the 6615th as a complete regiment. The 4th Battalion was attached to the 504th Parachute Infantry Regiment (PIR) and then to the 1st Special Service Force. Colonels Darby and Dammer were given different assignments. Darby eventually became assistant division commander of the 10th Mountain Division and was killed by an artillery shell while he was riding in a jeep in northern Italy.
After the Battle of Cisterna, the 509th Infantry Battalion bore the brunt of a German counterattack. One of its companies was overrun, but the other companies fought valiantly and, with reinforcements from other regiments and divisions, was able to repulse the attack and took part in a parachute landing in Southern France. It ended the war with a very distinguished record.
On film.
The Battle of Cisterna and the story of the six Rangers who made it out is depicted in the 1968 film Anzio.

</doc>
<doc id="19319573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319573" title="Water supply and sanitation in Zambia">
Water supply and sanitation in Zambia

"This article was last updated in December 2012, but not all parts of the article may be up to date. Please feel free to further update it if need be."
Water supply and sanitation in Zambia is characterized by achievements and challenges. Among the achievements are the creation of regional commercial utilities for urban areas to replace fragmented service provision by local governments; the establishment of a regulatory agency that has substantially improved the availability of information on service provision in urban areas; the establishment of a devolution trust fund to focus donor support on poor peri-urban areas; and an increase in the access to water supply in rural areas. Among the challenges are a low rate of cost recovery despite tariff increases in urban areas; limited capacity in the sector; insufficient progress in increasing access to sanitation; a high level of non-revenue water in urban areas; a high rate of non-functioning rural water systems; and insufficient investment levels despite substantial foreign aid.
Access.
In 2010 only 61% of the population of Zambia had access to an improved source of water supply and 48% had access to adequate sanitation, according to UN data calculated on the basis of national surveys, including most recently the Demographic and Health Survey of 2007. Concerning water supply, there is a stark contrast between urban areas (87% access according to the UN, 78% access according to the regulator in 2010) and rural areas (46% access according to the UN). For sanitation, access rates are only slightly higher for urban areas (57% according to national surveys, 54% according to the regulator in 2010) and rural areas (43% according to the UN). In urban areas, only 41% have access to water connections in their house or yard and 49% rely on water kiosks and standpipes. The share of those with access to house connections has actually declined, while the share of those served by kiosks has increased. According to National Water and Sanitation Council director Kelvin Chitumbo, Zambia has achieved the Millennium Development Goal for drinking water, but is off track to reach the goal for sanitation.
Water kiosks, which were first introduced in Zambia in 2005, are operated by private individuals who have signed an agreement with water utilities and municipalities. The kiosk operators buy piped water in bulk and sell it at a slightly higher regulated price of about 1 US Cent per 20 litres to users who carry the water in gericans to their homes. The kiosk operators supplement their income by selling various other items of daily life. There were about 170 water kiosks in Zambia in 2008, providing water to 200,000 people. Another 100 kiosks were expected to be added in 2009.
Concerning sanitation, only 29% of the urban population are connected to sewers and 30% are served by septic tanks or improved household-level latrines. While these figures are low, they are actually higher than the average access in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Lack of access to water and sanitation has significant negative social impacts, in particular on girls and women who are often in charge of collecting water for their villages and homes – sometimes walking extremely long distances to do so. After that girls are too tired to come back home and concentrate on education.
Service quality.
Drinking water quality. According to the regulatory agency, 94% of water samples collected in urban areas were in compliance with drinking water standards in 2010. Pollution from mines affects drinking water supply quality provided by the Mulonga and Nkana water and sewerage companies, where in some cases, the concentration of manganese was beyond treatable limits.
Continuity. Water supply in urban areas is intermittent, with an average supply of 16 hours per day in 2010. The highest intermittency has been measured in the small Luapula Utility with 6 hours per day. The only utility providing continuous supply in 2007 was in Chipata, while in 2010 the only utility that provided near continuous supply was the Northwestern Water and Sewerage Company.
Wastewater treatment. Wastewater treatment plants regularly do not achieve effluent standards. Capacities of plants like the Manchinchi in Lusaka and the Kanini in Ndola have been out-grown by the population. Stabilization ponds such as in Kaunda Square in Lusaka and Livingstone City are in 
a deplorable state and pose a serious environmental hazard.
Water resources.
Unlike many other countries in the region Zambia has more than adequate water resources, although during the dry season water resources may be scarce, especially in the southern part of the country. The annual rainfall averages between 1400 mm in the north and gradually declines to 700 mm in the south. The country is rich in rivers, such as the transboundary Zambezi and lakes Tanganyika, Mweru and Kariba. It is estimated that only 1.5% of the annual renewable water resources are being used at present. There are significant regional differences across the country with regard to place and time when water is available. Also groundwater availability is unevenly distributed.
Responsibility for water supply and sanitation.
Responsibilities in the sector are clearly separated between the Ministry of Local Government and Housing (policy), National Water Supply and Sanitation Council (economic regulation) and local government as well as commercial utilities owned by local government (service provision in urban areas).
Policy.
The Ministry of Local Government and Housing is in charge of sector policies. Within the Ministry the Department of Infrastructure and Support Services (DISS) is responsible for water supply and sanitation infrastructure planning and resource mobilization. DISS has established a specific Rural Water Supply and Sanitation Unit (RWSSU) in 2003 and shortly thereafter also a unit for peri-urban water supply and sanitation.
According to the 1994 National Water Policy seven principles govern the state's policy in water and sanitation
By 2008 at least the first three principles had been put into practice. However, full cost recovery was far from being achieved and budget spending remained far below what is needed to achieve the Millennium Development Goals for the sector.
In 2010 the national water policy was revised in order to take into account "current international developments", to integrate cross-cutting issues such as gender, HIV/AIDS and climate change, and to introduce modern principles of water resources management.
Regulation and Training.
Economic regulation of water supply and sanitation services is the task of the National Water Supply and Sanitation Council (NWASCO). It oversees tariff adjustments, minimum service levels, financial projection and investment planning and corporate governance. NWASCO has made “significant progress in benchmarking, reporting and engaging users” despite being “underfunded and understaffed”. However, its effectiveness remains limited, among others because “the mechanisms for enforcing regulatory rules remain unclear”. NWASCO's is supported by water watch groups and part-time inspectors who monitor the quality of service on the ground. Water watch groups exist in 10 cities. They consist of volunteers who educate users about their rights and obligations, and assist users to resolve complaints. This has apparently reduced petty corruption and meter manipulation. According to research, while it is common in Zambia to pay bribes for a connection to the electricity grid, this type of bribe is almost absent for water connections. In 2010 the regulator dissolved water watch groups in Chingola, Kabwe and Lusaka "for non-performance", but all three were re-established a few months later.
According to the German Technical Cooperation, NWASCO is so successful that it “can serve as a role model for other countries in the region”. NWASCO reports to the Ministry of Energy and Water Development, not to the Ministry of Local Government and Housing that is in charge of sector policy.
The Water and Sanitation Association of Zambia (WASAZA), created in 1999, provides training, promotes the exchange of experiences on good practices and aims at increasing public awareness. It has more than 300 corporate and individual members.
Service provision.
There are three forms of service provision in urban areas in Zambia: Commercial Utilities, Local Authorities and Private Schemes. 
In 2011 there were eleven commercial utilities, each covering between 3 and 17 municipalities. They are owned by the local authorities and provide water services to more than 86% of the urban population with access to improved water supply. The size of the utilities ranges from 3,000 to more than 75,000 connections. The capacity of the utilities differs considerably. In 2010 the Southern utility with its seat in Choma was ranked first and the Chambeshi utility in the Northeast was ranked last. The utilities have formed the Commercial Utility Association of Zambia (CUZA). A few local authorities still run their own water supply system, but they consider creating their own regional commercial utilities or to join existing ones. The 6 private schemes that are run by commercial entities whose core business is not water supply that supply water to their employees for free. These include the Konkola Copper Mines, the Nakambala Sugar Estate and the Chilanga Cement Factory, among others.
In rural areas district councils are in charge of water supply with the assistance of provincial support teams.
History and recent developments.
Infrastructure boom (1964-1973).
Much of Zambia's drinking water infrastructure was built between independence in 1964 and the mid-1970s at a time when economic growth was strong and export earnings from copper mining were high. Water was provided for free and little attention was given to the sustainability of services. Water supply was the responsibility of local authorities, with the exception of the mining belt where the state-owned copper company operated water systems for the settlements housing their employees. Following the example of other countries in the region during the 1970s and 80s, such as neighboring Congo, Zambia considered the establishment of a National Water Authority with responsibility for water supply, sanitation and water resources management. However, those who preferred decentralized service provision prevailed and the proposal was shelved. There was no national strategy for the sector, and the responsility for the sector was fragemented among several Ministries. Meanwhile the infrastructure deteriorated: Handpumps in rural areas broken down, and urban systems provided water without disinfection on an intermittent basis. The few who had access to continuous water supply received it for free and wasted it, with consumption levels of 200 liter per capita per day, higher than in most European cities. There were 35 sewer systems in the country, but only nine had functioning wastewater treatment plants.
Establishment of Commercial Utilities and a Regulator (1988-2000).
The foundation for reforms was initially laid a the local level when the city of Lusaka created the country's first Commercial Utility (CU) in 1989. The utility charged water tariffs and was a legally and financially autonomous public entity to be operated based on commercial principles. A year earlier, a first study laying out options for the future institutional structure of the sector had been undertaken. But the reform process only gathered steam in 1991 when the first democratic multi-party elections were held. The government of Frederick Chiluba (1991–2002) initiated liberal economic reforms. At this time the current sector structure, consisting of regional commercial utilities and a national regulatory agency, gradually evolved. A Process of "tariff rationalization" began and significant tariff increases were implemented between 1992 and 1994, albeit starting from an extremely low level. In 1992 the second commercial utility was established in Chipata. In 1994 the new National Water Policy (see above) was approved by Cabinet and in 1997 the Water Supply and Sanitation Act was passed. It created the regulatory agency (NWASCO) and a Devolution Trust Fund (DTF) as a financing vehicle for low-income, peri-urban areas. In 2000 NWASCO became operational. Tariffs were once again increased substantially, and six new commercial utilities were created. Unlike the first two utilities, the new utilities were regional utilities grouping together the physical assets and personnel of several local authorities, usually in a single province. At that time a few local authorities had begun to make money from selling water, while neglecting the maintenance of the infrastructure. They were initially reluctant to lose this source of income, because in a commercial utility all revenues were to be used to maintain the assets, to improve service quality and extend access. Also, the tariff level within a commercial utility would be the same, which meant that in some localities tariffs would have to increase.
Introduction of water kiosks (2004 onwards).
When Levy Mwanawasa was elected President in 2002, the sector policies shaped under his predecessor basically remained in place. In 2004 the DTF became operational and two pilot projects in peri-urban areas were initiated in the Itimpi area in Kitwe and the Maiteneke area in Chingola with a total of 11 kiosks supplying 16,000 people. Interestingly, both areas already had a piped water infrastructure. But it was so deteriorated that it provided no more water at all or so infrequently, so that the residents had reverted to the use of water from other sources including contaminated rivers. Some of those who received piped water got it through illegal connections. Those who had a legal the connection and got water did not pay for it. Water was resold from unmetered connections to neighbors. The commercial utilities paid to operate the system, but did not get any revenues. They were ready to give up the piped water systems in the peri-urban areas, and the residents had given up the hope that the authorities would provide proper piped services. There were also a few standpipes in the areas that provided water for free, but not on a regular basis. At the water kiosks the utility sold water in bulk to private operators who resold the water in buckets at a small profit. Under that system all bills to the utility were paid, while before 75% of bills were not paid. Illegal connections disappeared and leakage was reduced, because the length of the pipes was reduced. The pilots were considered successful by the utilities and the residents, and the system was thus scaled up to other areas and cities nationwide.
Privatization and its aftermath in the Copper Belt (2001-2008).
In 2001, after the privatization of the state-owned mining company ZCCM, the responsibility for water supply and sanitation in the mining towns was entrusted to the private French water company SAUR under a management contract supported by the World Bank. However, this remained the only case of private sector participation in the Zambian water sector. A World Bank-supported study by Severn Trent conducted in 2002 recommended that a lease contract should be signed for Lusaka, but the government did not accept the recommendation. In 2005 the management contract in the copper mining area was terminated on the grounds that the privatized management did not perform better than publicly owned utilities. After a transition period of three years, service provision was entrusted to the three commercial utilities in the area. However, contamination of drinking water in the copper areas makes headlines. A similar contamination incident occurs in Chingola in 2006. During a second incident in January 2008, at least 13 people in Mufulira in northern Zambia were admitted to hospital after drinking water alleged to have been contaminated by the nearby Mopani Copper Mines. Residents were afraid to drink tap water and collected water from shallow wells or nearby streams.
Recent developments (2010 onwards).
In 2010 the National Water Policy was revised, but it maintained the same basic thrust concerning water supply and sanitation. In 2011 Parliament passed a new water resources management law. In September 2011 Michel Stata became President, who continued to pursue the established policies in the water sector.
Financial aspects and efficiency.
Tariffs and cost recovery.
Tariff structure. Urban tariffs for unmetered domestic users are set according to the category of housing (low, medium and high costs) for purposes of cross-subsidization. For metered users an increasing-block tariff is applied. The regulator NWASCO is financed through a 1-2% surcharge on water tariffs.
Tariff increases and approval procedures. Tariffs were increased substantially between 1992 and 2006, between twofold and eightfold in real terms. The highest increase (+881% in these 14 years) was for the highest tranche for metered consumption in Lusaka, while the lowest increas (+61%) was for unmetered mid-cost housing in the Southern Province. The average collection efficiency in 2010 was 84%, indicating that 16% of users did not pay their bills. Tariff increases have to be approved by NWASCO based on tariff adjustment guidelines published, in their second and improved version, in 2005. Proposals for tariff increases can be submitted in advance for a period of up to six years. The approval process includes ten steps, including a public hearing with consumper representatives and an analysis of service quality and costs. The regulator can exclude costs from the proposal if it considers them unjustified, but otherwise the regulator mostly has to follow specific calculations that are specified in the guidelines. On the one hand, if the utility has not met previously agreed targets for the share of metered customers, water quality and service continuity the approved tariff will be lower than if the targets are met. On the other hand, if special efforts have been made to improve access, performance or efficiency, higher tariffs will be approved. Sanitation tariffs are usually 30 percent of water tariffs. In contrast to the detailed procedures for the approval of water tariffs, sanitation tariffs are set as a share of water tariffs without taking into account the performance of the sanitation services.
Cost recovery. Financial viability in the urban areas has improved with six of the nine licensed commercial utilities operating in Zambia reaching operational cost coverage by the end of 2006. In 2010 the average operational cost recovery was 105%, varying from 46% to 130% in Mulonga. According to one study, higher levels of cost recovery are impeded by a high level of non-revenue water (44% in 2010) and low collection efficiency due to a large extent to the non-payment of water bills by public institutions. Cost recovery is almost nonexistent in rural areas where most communities do not pay anything.
Affordability. The share of household expenditures for water among the poor varied from 2.5% to 9.9% in 2002-03. More than 60% of poor households paid more than 3% of their expenditures on water 
Investments and Financing.
Actual investment. In 2002 total investments in water and sanitation were estimated at US$ 33.5 million, including US$ 33 million by donors and NGOs (98%) and US$ 0.5 million (2%) by the government using its own resources. Government capital expenditures had been budgeted at US$ 6.1 million for 2002, but only 9% of that amount was actually invested.
Investment needs. The Water Supply and Sanitation Development Group prepared a medium-term development strategy to implement during 1994–2003. Their estimations suggested that the government had to invest between US$ 407 million (under a low-cost investment strategy) and US$ 1,553 million (under medium-cost investment strategy) "every year" during this period in order to rehabilitate the existing system and expand the network to avoid any reduction in access rates, i.e. without increasing access rates. Actual investments were only a small fraction (8% of the low-cost scenario) of investment needs. The investments required for rural areas were estimated at US$260 million in the National Rural Water Supply and Sanitation Programme (2006-2015).
Financing. As pointed out above, 98% of investments in the sector are financed by donors and NGOs. The government has established a Devolution Trust Fund (DTF) to provide financing to increase access in poor urban areas through the use of low-cost technologies. The DTF financed water kiosks that provided access to clean water to 120,000 people at a cost of 643,455 Euro until 2006. The DTF assigns its funds based on proposals received from water utilities.
Efficiency.
The average level of non-revenue water in the commercial utilities operating in urban areas was estimated at about 44% in 2010, varying among utilities between 34% for the Northwest and 67% in Luapula.
Staff per 1,000 connections varies between 7 and 17, thus indicating significant overstaffing, since national targets are less than 5 or 9 staff per 1,000 connections depending on the size of the utility. Utility performance has constantly increased since NWASCO began its benchmarking exercise.
External cooperation.
A large array of external public donors support the water and sanitation sector in Zambia. Donors coordinate their activities on the basis of a Joint Assistance Strategy covering all sectors and a Sector Advisory Group for the water sector. One donor has the function of speaker of the sector advisory group on a yearly rotating basis. There are also coordination groups for the three sub-sectors urban water supply and sanitation, rural water supply and sanitation as well as water resources management. Donors increasingly use basket funding, based on a basket for rural water supply and sanitation and a second basket for urban water supply and sanitation. Many NGOs, such as CARE and WaterAid, also support the sector.
The activities of the main public donors are listed below in alphabetical order.
African Development Bank.
In the Central Province the African Development Bank has been supporting the seven local authorities in institutional reforms and infrastructure rehabilitation under a project approved in 2003. In Nkana it supports water supply and sanitation under a project approved in 2008. Furthermore, a national rural water supply and sanitation program has been approved in 2006.
Denmark.
Since 2004 DANIDA supports the Mulonga, Kafubu and Western Water and Sewerage companies. In 2006 it approved a EUR 32.8 million five–year (2006–2010) Water Sector Support Program, which includes water supply and sanitation in rural and peri-urban areas, as well as integrated water resources management. Denmark will end its support for the Zambian water sector in 2013.
European Union.
Both the European Commission, which provides grants, and the European Investment Bank, which provides loans, are active in the sector. In 2012, a US$ 75 million loan from the EIB to the three commercial utilities in the Copperbelt was under appraisal.
Germany.
Germany supports the water and sanitation sector in Zambia through financial cooperation carried out by KfW Development Bank and German Technical Cooperation carried out by GIZ. German aid has been particularly involved in expanding services to the urban poor through water kiosks, supported via the Devolution Trust Fund (DTF). A more recent pilot project for the construction of latrines is also being supported by Germany through the DTF. GIZ has been active in strengthening the regulatory agency NWASCO, in setting up a sector information system, and in strengthening NWASCO's planning capabilities. In the Eastern Province, which currently has only a single commercial utility in Chipata, the German government assists its partners in commercializing the service delivery in small towns outside of Chipata. Through the support of KfW 520 wells have been built or rehabilitated in eight Districts of the Eastern Provinces. Sanitation facilities have been built at schools and health posts, and measures to promote appropriate hyiene behavior have been supported. The Southern and North-Western commercial utilities have also benefited from German support. In all three commercial utilities training is carried out covering administration, institutional development, electrical engineering and water production/distribution.
Concerning rural water supply, German aid is engaged in the Northwestern Province. The Project is working with the Councils of Kasempa, Kabompo and Mufumbwe District to reach out to a population of about 2.5 million people beginning in 2004 through the construction of boreholes and hand-dug wells. The project emphasizes the participation of the population in the communities, especially of women. Health education including malaria and HIV/AIDS are also part of the project.
Ireland.
Ireland supports the Chambeshi commercial utility.
Japan.
JICA provides grants for investmetns in groundwater development in Luapula Province (2008–2010), technical cooperation for the sustainable operation and maintenance of rural water supply (2007–2010) and capacity building for commercial utilities (2007–2009).
UNICEF.
UNICEF supports water supply projects in cooperation with the Maureen Mwanawasa Community Initiative, the wife of the late President Mwanawasa. UNICEF's activities in the Zambian water sector are supported by UKAid.
United States.
The United States, through the Millennium Challenge Corporation, provides a $355 million grant for water supply and sanitation in Lusaka approved in March 2012. The US also supports water supply and sanitation in 800 rural schools through USAID.
World Bank.
The World Bank assists the Lusaka Water and Sewerage Company (LWSC) with a US$ 23m Water Sector Performance Improvement Project approved in 2006. $22m will be used to support LWSC and $1m will support "institutional capacity building to prepare the Ministry of Local Government and Housing to advance a coordinated approach for the sector".

</doc>
<doc id="19319606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319606" title="Joseph Albert Rosario">
Joseph Albert Rosario

Joseph Albert Rosario, M.S.F.S (30 May 1915 – 31 July 2011) was an Indian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was one of oldest Roman Catholic Bishops and the oldest Bishop from India.
Rosario was born in Nagpur, India on 30 May 1915. He was ordained priest on 29 September 1944 in the religious institute of the Missionaries of St. Francis de Sales. Appointed on 8 May 1955 to the Diocese of Amravati, he was ordained bishop on 13 November 1955, retiring from governance of the see on 1 April 1995.
Popularity.
Bishop Rosario was very popular among the non-catholic masses of Amravati. He was particularly known in the region for his tolerance for other religions

</doc>
<doc id="19319668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319668" title="2004 Gulf Cup of Nations">
2004 Gulf Cup of Nations

The 17th Gulf Cup of Nations was held in Doha, Qatar in 2004. Qatar turned out the victors and Oman came in runners up in a close match that ended in a penalty kick shootout.
Matches.
Group A.
</noinclude><noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19319675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319675" title="Oro Grande Elementary School District">
Oro Grande Elementary School District

The Oro Grande School district is located in the town of Oro Grande, California. 
Oro Grande School District is composed of four schools, three of which are charter schools or academies that take in students from outside the district. 
Oro Grande Elementary School serves grades Kindergarten through six in a college preparatory setting. It is the only non-charter school.
Riverside Preparatory School which serves grades Kindergarten through grade eleven (grade 12 to be added in 2009-2010) in a high academic college preparatory program. Mojave River Academy serves grades Kindergarten through grade twelve in an Independent Study program. Sedona Charter Academy serving grades Kindergarten through grade twelve in an Independent Study program. 
Approximate Enrollment during the 2008-2009 school year was:
Oro Grande Elementary School: 120
Riverside Preparatory School: 755
Mojave River Academy: 450
Sedona Charter Academy: 290 

</doc>
<doc id="19319679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319679" title="AIK Handboll">
AIK Handboll

AIK Handboll is the handball section in AIK. The handball section of AIK was founded in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19319687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319687" title="Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The women's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1960 Summer Olympics program on Lake Albano. This event debutted at these Olympics though it is one of two events that has been at every ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships (The other is the men's K-4 1000 m event which debuted at the 1964 Games in Tokyo.).
Results.
Heats.
The 11 crews first raced in two heats on August 26. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final; the remaining five teams were relegated to the repechage.
Repechage.
The top three finishers in the repechage (raced on August 27) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 29. 

</doc>
<doc id="19319690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319690" title="USS Manderson Victory (AK-230)">
USS Manderson Victory (AK-230)

USS "Manderson Victory" (AK-230) was a "Boulder Victory"-class cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations through the end of the war, earning one battle star, and then returned to the United States for disposal.
Victory built in California.
"Manderson Victory" (AK 230) was laid down 4 July 1944 by Permanente Metals Corporation, Yard No. 1, Richmond, California, under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract; launched 23 September 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Florence Robertson; transferred to the Navy 3 November 1944; and commissioned the same day at the Mare Island Navy Yard, Lt. Comdr. John Larsen in command.
World War II operations.
After shakedown off San Pedro, California, "Manderson Victory" loaded ammunition and planes on board and sailed for Hawaii 5 December to join Service Squadron 10, U.S. Pacific Fleet. She arrived Pearl Harbor 11 December.
Discharging her cargo of planes, "Manderson Victory" departed for the Caroline Islands, arriving Ulithi Atoll 26 December. She transported ammunition in the western Pacific Ocean into June 1945, with two voyages to the Ryukyu Islands from 28 March to 17 June 1945 during the assault and occupation of Okinawa. Departing Ulithi for the Philippine Islands 19 June 1945, the cargo ship arrived San Pedro Bay in the Philippine Islands 22 June and resumed her logistic support.
On 3 November "Manderson Victory" left for the United States, arriving Seattle, Washington, 23 November. She continued on to the U.S. East Coast 17 February 1946 via the Panama Canal and Puerto Rico, docking at New York City 24 April. 
Post-war decommissioning.
"Manderson Victory" decommissioned 10 May 1946 and was returned to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) the same day. She entered the Maritime Commission National Defense Reserve Fleet at James River, Virginia, 17 October 1953. 
In July 1966 "Manderson Victory" was leased under General Agency Agreement to Farrell Lines, Inc., New York, New York, for service as a freighter.
Honors and awards.
"Manderson Victory" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="19319693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319693" title="Montañeros CF">
Montañeros CF

Montañeros Club de Fútbol Banco Gallego, known as Montañeros, is a Spanish football team based in A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1968 it does not play in any official competition, and holds home matches at "Complexo Deportivo de Elviña Grande", with a capacity of 1,500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19319703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319703" title="Jon Fisher">
Jon Fisher

Jon Fisher (born Stanford, California, January 19, 1972) is a Silicon Valley entrepreneur, inventor, author, philanthropist, and economic analyst. Fisher cofounded and was Chief Executive Officer of Bharosa, an Oracle Corporation company, which produced the Oracle Adaptive Access Manager. Fisher is known for making accurate predictions about the U.S. economy, particularly unemployment rates. Fisher is an adjunct professor at the University of San Francisco, and author of "Strategic Entrepreneurism: Shattering the Start-Up Entrepreneurial Myths."
Early life and education.
Fisher was born in Stanford Hospital to university professors Gerald and Anita Fisher. He graduated from The Nueva School and Crystal Springs Uplands School, and attended Vassar College before graduating from the University of San Francisco. 
Business career.
In 1994, Fisher cofounded and was Chief Executive Officer of AutoReach, now an AutoNation company. Former Oracle President and recent Hewlett Packard chairman Ray Lane was Fisher's first angel investor and also invested in two of Fisher's later start ups. In 1998, his company, NetClerk, created the online construction permit. After NetClerk's failure, Fisher teamed with the stars of the documentary film Startup.com, including Kaleil Isaza Tuzman, to help entrepreneurs restructure and wind down their companies. In 2004, Fisher cofounded and was Chief Executive Officer of Bharosa, which was acquired by Oracle Corporation in 2007. On July 20, 2010, Fisher was announced as the CEO of Predilect, a new company working in the area of online security.
CrowdOptic.
Fisher co-founded CrowdOptic, Inc. in 2010 with Jeff Broderick, Doug Van Blaricom and Alex Malinovsky. In November 2010, Fisher became the CEO of CrowdOptic because of a change in Predilect's technology and business model. The company is known for its mobile technology, which analyzes data from smartphones. "Wired" magazine's Bruce Sterling wrote about CrowdOptic "I’ve never read a work of fiction or nonfiction that ever implied that such a technology might be possible.
Patents.
Fisher was a co-patentee in a contextual authentication patent awarded to Bharosa, which later received five issued patents and has twelve patents pending. Fisher was also a co-patentee behind CrowdOptic's technology behind triangulating two or more electronic devices focused in the same direction at the same time.
Prediction of 2010 US unemployment peak.
Fisher has commented that the drop in housing starts is a good indicator of the direction the unemployment rate is headed. He writes: "Historically, when new U.S. housing starts have plunged, unemployment has surged in the following year", concluding that he believes a linear correlation exists between national housing starts and national unemployment in times of severe recession. Fisher made one of the most accurate unemployment forecasts in U.S. history in April 2008 at Marquette University, where he predicted U.S. unemployment would rise to 9% by April 2009.
In August 2009 at the Commonwealth Club of California, Fisher predicted U.S. unemployment would peak at not more than 10.4% before declining to 8.0% by end of 2010.
Philanthropy.
Fisher has served as a trustee of the Nueva School in Hillsborough, CA and was a member of their 2008 capital campaign team. He has served as a trustee of the Pacific Vascular Research Foundation in South San Francisco. Jon has served on the board of the Buck Institute For Age Research.
Bibliography.
Fisher is an adjunct professor at the University of San Francisco. His book "Strategic Entrepreneurism: Shattering the Start-Up Entrepreneurial Myths" (2008) is required reading for the MBA program at several schools, including the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley. The book is also one of three that was selected by the Ohio TechAngels for their project, which studied the timing and strategies involved in the sale of businesses, particularly those financed by angel investors.
Personal life.
Fisher married Darla Kincheloe Fisher, owner of Koze clothing boutiques, in 2002, and their daughter was born in 2010.
See also.
CrowdOptic

</doc>
<doc id="19319710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319710" title="Sophia Jansson">
Sophia Jansson

Sophia Jansson (born 1962) is the daughter of cartoonist Lars Jansson and the niece of the famous Finnish writer and painter Tove Jansson. Jansson has worked as a Spanish language teacher, creative/artistic director, chairman, and majority shareholder of Oy Moomin Characters, Ltd., and provided direct oversight together with her father for the 1990 "Moomin" animated series.
Oy Moomin Characters, Ltd..
Growing up in the center of the collaboration of efforts between her aunt and father, Jansson gained an intimate window into the creative processes behind the "Moomin" comic strip series. As Tove's efforts became directed more at writing and the strip's production became more the effort of her father, Jansson became an active help in management of the visual aspects of "Moomin" as an intellectual property.
In 1979, Lars Jansson founded the limited liability company, Oy Moomin Characters, Ltd., now headed by Christer Timgren. According to a 2004 article in the Finnish business magazine "Talouselämä", Oy Moomin Characters, Ltd. is Finland's most cost-effective business, with some 80 Moomin licences in Finland and almost 300 abroad. It has been listed as among the top Creative Export Companies of Finland in 2007.
Since 1993, Jansson, together with her father, has managed the production of a new series of Moomin strips which Jansson now manages solely.
In 2006 Jansson took the role of director in the release of the CD, "Muumipeikko ja Pyrstötähti".
In 2008, the rediscovery by Jansson of the manuscript for "The King in Moominland" (a TV script written by Tove and Lars in the late 60s) made news as the resulting musical performed at the Åbo Svenska Teater represented the first performance of this "lost episode" in decades.
Sophia Jansson in film and print.
Lars Jansson produced both "Moomin" strips as well as others including a short strip called "Sophia" which he produced for a publication called "Jaana" in 1965.
In May 2003, The Finnish Embassy in London arranged for events to surround the recent translation of Tove Jansson's 1972 "Sommarboken", a novel which featured the fictionalized life of the young Sophia on an island. During this event, publishers presented works by Sophia Jansson and Johanna Sinisalo. Jansson was later interviewed in June 2003 by "The Daily Telegraph" where she explained the details surrounding the story presented in "Sommarboken" and the relationship shared between Jansson and her aunt, Tove Jansson. She would write in more detail about this topic in 2006 in the Scandinavian Review, and again in 2010 for "The Guardian", when she explained the nature of her relationship with the rest of the family including her grandmother Signe and Tove's partner, Tuulikki.
Jansson has been credited in such books as Tove Jansson's 1989 "Rent Spel" and Kate McLoughlin's and Malin Lidström Brock's 2007 "Tove Jansson Rediscovered" among others.
Jansson has appeared as the host of 1998's short film, "Haru: The Island of the Solitary, Introduced by Sophia Jansson". She has also featured in Paul Gravett's 2006 documentary film, "Moomin's Memoirs," presented at the March 2007 Tove Jansson Conference in Oxford.
Honors and awards.
In 2001, following the death of her aunt, Jansson went to the UK to help Sort Of Books promote the re-release of a Moomin picture book.
In June 2004, Jansson was invited by the Consulate General of Finland to the 31st "Dreams & Visions" Annual Children's Literature Conference in California. The Consulate sponsored her trip. Here, Jansson represented Finnish children's literature during an engaging lecture and presentation.
In August 2004, Jansson launched the silver Tove Jansson and Children's Culture collector's coin, receiving the first pressing from Raimo Makkonen, CEO of the Mint of Finland Group. She served as a judge in the selection of the coin's images, as well as the series of medals that were also issued.
In 2006 Jansson was invited as a notable speaker for one of the Monthly Luncheons hosted by IWC Helsinki.
In February 2007 Jansson was invited to speak at the Scandinavia House in New York City.
In September 2008 Jansson participated as a member of the Committee of Honor in the renowned IBBY World Congress.
Jansson participated in the Helsinki Design Week 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19319719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319719" title="2007 China Open – Women's Doubles">
2007 China Open – Women's Doubles

Virginia Ruano Pascual and Paola Suárez were the defending champions, but Suarez retired from the sport on September 1, 2007, and only Ruano Pascual competed that year.
Chia-jung Chuang and Su-wei Hsieh won in the final 7–6(3), 6–3, against Xinyun Han and Yi-fan Xu.

</doc>
<doc id="19319727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319727" title="Goldman Sachs Dynamic Opportunities">
Goldman Sachs Dynamic Opportunities

Goldman Sachs Dynamic Opportunities () is a large Guernsey registered closed-ended fund of hedge funds. Established in 2006, the company is a former constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. The Chairman is Christopher Sewell.

</doc>
<doc id="19319736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319736" title="TT Fusion">
TT Fusion

TT Fusion (Previously known as Embryonic Studios before the TT Games acquisition) is a software house based in Wilmslow, Cheshire, England. The developer was initially formed by the ex-staff of Gizmondo/Warthog including Nick Elms, Andrew Whalley, John Lomax, Roger Bacon and Derek Senior. The company was acquired by Traveller's Tales (Part of the TT Games group) in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19319746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319746" title="Rick Kogan">
Rick Kogan

Rick Kogan (born September 13, 1951) is a Chicago newspaperman, a Chicago radio personality and a noted author.
Early life and education.
A native of Chicago's Old Town neighborhood, Kogan was born the son of longtime Chicago newspaperman Herman Kogan (1914–1989) and longtime Chicago literary and journalism fixture Marilew Kogan (1919–2007). His parents named him Rick and not Richard as a tribute to Riccardo's, a legendary Chicago restaurant and watering hole that now is known as Stefani's. On the night that Kogan was born, noted author, historian and broadcaster Studs Terkel came over and took Kogan's father, Herman, out for a celebratory drink.
Kogan's first home was in an apartment on the second floor of an old graystone at 1444 N. State Parkway on Chicago's Gold Coast, a building that was demolished in 1959. When Kogan's brother Mark was born several years later, the family relocated to an apartment in Old Town.
Kogan attended LaSalle Elementary School in Chicago's Old Town neighborhood. and The Latin School of Chicago, Class of 1969. He did not earn a college degree, and worked a variety of jobs in his late teens and early twenties, including as a cab driver.
Professional career.
Kogan earned his first byline in the Chicago Sun-Times at age 16. Although he did not attend college, Kogan continued to write for the Sun-Times, the Chicago Daily News, and then, after the Daily News ceased publication in 1978, returning to the Sun-Times, where he specialized in writing about Chicago's nightlife.
In 1985, Kogan joined the Chicago Tribune, eventually becoming the paper's TV critic and later serving as editor of the Tribune's Tempo section. He currently is on the staff of the Chicago Tribune Magazine, and he also typically writes front-page obituaries of notable Chicago figures, particularly those who have worked in the news media or literature. Among those whom Kogan has memorialized with front-page tributes are Mike Royko (with Jerry Crimmins), Irv Kupcinet, Ann Landers, Gene Siskel, Charles M. Schulz, Studs Terkel, Jeff MacNelly and Abraham Lincoln Marovitz (with Noah Isackson).
Kogan has had more than 4,500 bylines in the Tribune since 1985. One of his most popular features, "Sidewalks," is a weekly feature in the magazine that he produced with longtime Tribune photographer Charles Osgood, who retired in 2008.
Kogan is also currently the host/producer of Chicago Live!, a radio show produced by the Chicago Tribune and broadcast on WGN Radio.
Kogan worked in the late 1980s as a part-time entertainment reporter for WBBM-TV and has worked for WBBM radio as well.
From the fall of 1994 until the fall of 1995, Kogan hosted a Sunday morning talk show called "The Sunday Papers" on Chicago's WLUP-FM. From March 1998 until September 1998, Kogan teamed up with Chicago Sun-Times columnist and noted movie critic Richard Roeper to co-host a daily radio show called "Media Creatures" on Chicago's WMVP-AM. Kogan hosted a Sunday morning talk show called "The Sunday Papers" on Chicago's WGN-AM. He was widely known among Chicago radio listeners for his distinctive, gravely voice, which once was named the best voice in the city by Chicago's alternative "Newcity". Kogan became the fill-in host for WBEZ, a Chicago FM station, in September 2012. Due to his new show being on during the week, Kogan resigned from WGN.
Kogan has authored eight books, including: "Yesterday's Chicago" (co-authored with his father, Herman); "Everybody Pays" (co-authored with Maurice Possley), about the Chicago mob and the retrial of mob hit man Harry Aleman; "America's Mom: The Life, Lessons and Legacy of Ann Landers"; "A Chicago Tavern: A Goat, a curse And the American Dream", about Chicago's fabled Billy Goat Tavern; "Dr. Night Life", "Sidewalks: Portraits of Chicago"; and "Brunswick: The Story of an American Company from 1845 to 1985".
Personal.
Kogan has a daughter, Fiona, who lives in Hyde Park with her mother. Kogan lives downtown.

</doc>
<doc id="19319748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319748" title="Einar Utzon-Frank">
Einar Utzon-Frank

Aksel (Axel) Einar (Ejnar) Utzon-Frank (30 March 1888 – 15 July 1955) was a Danish sculptor and professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts. During his lifetime, he produced a large number of sculptures, many of which stand as public monuments. He was the uncle of Pritzker Prize-winning architect Jørn Utzon.
Career.
Einar Utzon-Frank was born in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen in 1888, the son of Jens Christian Frank and Anna Cathrine Utzon. 
Utzon-Frank began his artistic life as a painter but changed direction to become a sculptor. He was admitted to the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in 1906, where he became a close friend of the somewhat older Kai Nielsen. However, the two friends followed diverging paths through their creative careers, with Nielsen following a lush modernism in contrast to Utzon-Frank's clear, cool classical style which follows the tradition of Bertel Thorvaldsen.
From 1912 to 1913 Utzen-Frank travelled around Europe, visiting Berlin, Dresden, Munich, Florence, Rome, Naples, Paestum, Paris and later Italy, Greece and England, and many of the classical influences from his travels are evident in his work.
Academia.
In 1918 at the age of 30, he was appointed a professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Art in Copenhagen, a post in which he remained until 1955. In his teaching, he laid emphasis on solid craftsmanship skills. He was a teacher and educator of great importance and came to dominate several generations of sculptors, including Henry Heerup, Sigrid Lütken, Janus Kamban, Anne Marie Carl-Nielsen, Gestur Þorgrímsson and Douglas Bisset.
Private life.
He married Gerda Harriet Margrete Christensen on 4 December 1908. Their daughter Grete Utzon Frank was born on 8 February 1909 in Copenhagen, and she married painter and author William Flemming Bergsøe on 21 March 1930. 
Works.
His best-known works include:

</doc>
<doc id="19319754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319754" title="Pascal Tayot">
Pascal Tayot

Pascal Tayot (born March 15, 1965 in Gennevilliers, Hauts-de-Seine) is a retired judoka from France. He claimed the silver medal in the Men's Middleweight (– 86 kg) division at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. In the final he was defeated by Poland's Waldemar Legień.

</doc>
<doc id="19319763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319763" title="Lansky Brothers">
Lansky Brothers

Lansky Brothers (better known as Lansky's) is a clothier in Memphis, Tennessee, run by Bernard Lansky. It has gained worldwide recognition for being and having been the choice location to buy clothes for music celebrities including Roy Orbison, Isaac Hayes and Elvis Presley.
History.
Samuel Lansky bought a shop for his two sons, Bernard and Guy, at 126 Beale Street in the late forties. Originally a store which sold leftover Army supplies from World War II, Bernard took advantage of the elevating Beale Street music scene and looked to provide clothing for the typical characters of Beale who wanted to dress dapper. After a few years of business, Lansky Bros. already had an impressive list of customers, among them being Count Basie, Lionel Hampton, Duke Ellington and B.B. King.
At the start of 1952, Bernard noticed a young man who would continuously walk past his window and look inside, but never actually came inside to buy anything. Eventually, Bernard went to invite the man in. It was seventeen-year-old Elvis Presley, who worked at the local Loew's Theatre. According to Bernard, Elvis told him that he was going to buy him out when he got enough money. Lansky responded: "Elvis, don't buy me, buy from me!" Once Elvis became an international superstar, Lansky Brothers still provided much of his attire, including his outfit for his first appearance on "The Ed Sullivan Show" in 1956. "I put Elvis in his first suit, and I put him in his last," Lansky recalls. 
In 2001, Lansky's established a new line of clothing entitled "Clothier To The King," which provides reproductions of clothing that Elvis actually wore combined with new 1950s-inspired clothing. Lansky Brothers has since moved its location from Beale Street to Memphis' renowned Peabody Hotel, but is still as busy as ever. Bernard Lansky remains an ideal figure of Memphis history. Musicians who currently shop there include the likes of The Jonas Brothers, Robert Plant, Eddie Floyd, Stephen Stills, Steven Tyler, Dr. John, Gavin DeGraw and numerous others.
On Sunday, August 14, 2011, Lansky Bros. unveiled a historical marker at 126 Beale St. to celebrate the history of Lansky Bros. at the original location.
Bernard Lansky passed away on November 15, 2012. The cause of his death according to his sister was Alzheimer's disease.
External links.
Official Lansky Brothers website
Interview with Bernard Lansky

</doc>
<doc id="19319774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319774" title="Songs of realization">
Songs of realization

Songs of realization, or Songs of Experience (; Devanāgarī: दोहा; Romanized Sanskrit: Dohā; Oriya: ପଦ) are sung poetry forms characteristic of the tantric movement in both Hinduism and in Vajrayana Buddhism. Doha is also a specific poetic form. Various forms of these songs exist, including caryagiti (), or 'performance songs' and vajragiti (Sanskrit: "vajragīti", Tibetan: "rDo-rje gan-sung" ), or 'diamond songs', sometimes translated as vajra songs and doha (Sanskrit:"dohā"), also called doha songs, distinguishing them from the unsung Indian poetry form of the doha. According to Roger Jackson, caryagiti and vajragiti "differ generically from dohās because of their different context and function"; the doha being primarily spiritual aphorisms expressed in the form of rhyming couplets whilst caryagiti are stand-alone performance songs and vajragiti are songs that can only be understood in the context of a ganachakra or tantric feast. Many collections of songs of realization are preserved in the Tibetan Buddhist canon, however many of these texts have yet to be translated from the Tibetan language.
Although many of the songs of realization date from the mahasiddha of India, the tradition of composing mystical songs continued to be practiced by tantric adepts in later times and examples of spontaneously composed verses by Tibetan lamas exist up to the present day, an example being Khenpo Tsultrim Gyamtso Rinpoche. The most famous Tibetan composer of songs of realization is Milarepa, the 11th century Tibetan yogi whose "mgur bum", or 'The Hundred Thousand Songs of Milarepa' remains a source of instruction and inspiration for Tibetan Buddhists, particularly those of the kagyu school.
Caryagiti songs.
A renowned collection of Buddhist caryagiti, or mystical songs, is the Charyapada, a palm-leaf manuscript of the 8th-12th century text having been found in the early 20th century in Nepal. Another copy of the Charyapada was preserved in the Tibetan Buddhist canon. Miranda Shaw describes how caryagiti were an element of the ritual gathering of practitioners in a tantric feast:The feast culminates in the performance of tantric dances and music that must never be disclosed to outsiders. The revelers may also improvise "songs of realization" ("caryagiti") to express their heightened clarity and blissful raptures in spontaneous verse. 
Doha songs.
Ann Waldman describes this poetry form: the "doha", a song of realization that acknowledges an encounter with a master teacher, traditionally a guru or lama, and explores a particular wisdom or teaching transmitted through a kind of call-and-response duet format.
Rangjung Dorje (1284–1339) wrote a Doha song entitled "Distinguishing Consciousness from Wisdom" (Wylie: rnam shes ye shes ‘byed pa).
Bibliography.
Collections of songs of realization:

</doc>
<doc id="19319779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319779" title="2008 1000 km of Silverstone">
2008 1000 km of Silverstone

The 2008 Autosport 1000 km of Silverstone was the fifth and final round of the 2008 Le Mans Series season. It took place at the Silverstone Circuit, Great Britain, on 14 September 2008. The race was attended by a record crowd of 53,000 spectators.
Although Audi scored their first and only win of the season, an accident involving the then championship-leading Peugeots allowed Audi to win the Teams, Constructors, and Drivers Championships in the LMP1 category. Luc Alphand's team won the GT1 championship by merely finishing the event, and Virgo Motorsports and driver Rob Bell secured their second consecutive GT2 championship with a class victory.
This was the first time in Le Mans Series history that none of the Peugeot 908s finished in the podium spots as well as in the top eight points positions (#8 finished 19th overall and 11th in LMP1; #7 did not finish at 44th overall and 15th (last) in class), which helped Audi to take the championship. The only other time that the Peugeot 908 did not finish in the podium was in the 12 Hours of Sebring earlier this year, when the lone 908 finished 11th overall and almost finished in the podium at 4th behind the two Audis and an Intersport Lola-AER.
Race results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="19319795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319795" title="George Hayward (rugby)">
George Hayward (rugby)

George Hayward (1885 – 14 February 1948) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Swansea and was capped for Wales on five occasions and was part of the 1908 Home Nations Championship winning team.
Rugby career.
Hayward made his Welsh international début on Saturday 1 February 1908 against Scotland at St Helens under the captaincy of George Travers. Wales won thr controversial match by a narrow margin and Hayward was selected again for the next match of the tournament against Ireland. Wales won not only the match, but with it the Home Nations Championship and the Triple Crown. During 1908, Hayward faced the touring Australian team, as a member of the Wales, Glamorgan County and Swansea teams, finishing on the winning side in the international and club level, but losing in the Glamorgan encounter. He was also part of the Swansea team that narrowly beat the touring South Africans on Boxing Day 1912.
In December 1913, Hayward left Swansea and joined professional league team Wigan, making his début on Saturday 27 December against Runcorn.
George Hayward played in Wigan's 1913–14, and 1914–15 Lancashire League victories.
International matches played.
Wales
_____________Competition___Team____Played
____Date______Opposition__Position

</doc>
<doc id="19319805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319805" title="SAI KZ X">
SAI KZ X

__NOTOC__
The SAI KZ X was a light aircraft produced in Denmark for army co-operation duties in the early 1950s. It was a strut-braced, high-wing monoplane of conventional design with fixed tailwheel undercarriage and was derived from the KZ VII. Deliveries to the Danish Army commenced in 1952, but by the summer of that year, two had already crashed. 
The investigations of these crashes were conducted with technical assistance from Britain's Royal Aircraft Establishment, but no underlying defect in the aircraft design was uncovered and the KZ X was returned to service. However, when two more crashes took place in 1954, the type was withdrawn from service. Most KZ Xs were scrapped, with the only surviving example now in the Danmarks Flymuseum

</doc>
<doc id="19319882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319882" title="Bertrand Damaisin">
Bertrand Damaisin

Bertrand Damaisin (born October 27, 1968 in Lyon, Rhône) is a retired judoka from France. He claimed the bronze medal in the Men's Light-Middleweight (– 78 kg) division at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. In the bronze medal match he defeated Sweden's Lars Adolfsson.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19319891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319891" title="Festival of Street Musicians">
Festival of Street Musicians

The Festival of Street Musicians (Serbian: Фестивал уличних свирача / "Fesvival uličnih svirača") is a non-competitive festival, which gathers the street art performers and musicians. It is held annually in early September in the city center of Novi Sad, in Serbia. The festival is founded by Centre for Culture Animation, and sponsored by the City of Novi Sad.
Festival features performers of different music genres often playing unusual instruments in a series of street shows, dances and acrobatics. The first festival was held in 2001, initiated by Robert Kolar, the former MP for culture. From the very beginning, the Festival has had not only international character, but includes artists from Novi Sad that are just starting off. 
Tourist organization of Serbia awarded the Festival with the award Tourist Flower, in the category "Cultural-tourist manifestation contributing to tourism".
In 2012 the festival received funding from the European Union and as such has gained a status of a European Festival. Over 150 worldwide artists had performed.

</doc>
<doc id="19319906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319906" title="WDXE-FM">
WDXE-FM

WDXE-FM (106.7 FM, "Mix 106-7") is an Adult Contemporary music formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Lawrenceburg, Tennessee, serving Lawrenceburg and Lawrence County, Tennessee. WDXE-FM is owned and operated by Lakewood Communications, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="19319907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319907" title="Edward Miller Mundy (1750–1822)">
Edward Miller Mundy (1750–1822)

Edward Miller Mundy (18 October 1750 – 18 October 1822) was an English Tory politician who represented the constituency of Derbyshire.
Mundy was the only son of Edward Mundy and his wife Hesther Miller. His father who was descended from the Mundys of Allestree was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1731, and his mother brought the Shipley estate into the family. Both his father and mother died in 1767. 
Mundy was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1772 and was elected Member of Parliament for Derbyshire in 1783 and held the seat for 39 years. He was appointed Colonel of the 2nd Derby Regiment of Militia, in July 1803. In 1817 he was a member of the Grand Jury in the trial of the men involved in the Pentrich Rising.
He died at his seat, Shipley Hall, aged 72.
Mundy married twice. His first wife was Frances Meynell, eldest daughter of Godfrey Meynell,and they had five sons, and one daughter, who married Lord Charles Fitzroy, second son of the late Duke of Grafton. His second wife was Georgiana Chadwick, daughter of Evelyn Chadwick, of West Leak, Nottinghamshire, the widow of Thomas Middleton, 4th Lord Middleton. They only had one daughter, called Georgiana Elizabeth Miller Mundy, who married Henry Pelham-Clinton, 4th Duke of Newcastle.

</doc>
<doc id="19319935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319935" title="Begoña Vía-Dufresne">
Begoña Vía-Dufresne

Begoña Vía-Dufresne (born 13 February 1971) is a Spanish sailor and Olympic champion. She competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, where she won gold medal in the 470 class, together with Theresa Zabell.

</doc>
<doc id="19319936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319936" title="WDXE (AM)">
WDXE (AM)

WDXE (1370 AM, "Classic Country 1370") is a Classic Country music formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Lawrenceburg, Tennessee, serving Lawrenceburg and Lawrence County, Tennessee. WDXE is owned and operated by Lakewood Communications, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="19319961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319961" title="Mpumalanga Tourism and Parks Agency">
Mpumalanga Tourism and Parks Agency

The Mpumalanga Tourism and Parks Agency (MTPA) Board (formerly Mpumalanga Parks Board) is a governmental organisation responsible for maintaining wilderness areas and public nature reserves in Mpumalanga Province, South Africa. 
National Parks and associated reserves in the province.
The original Kruger National Park, covers the eastern parts of both the Limpopo, and Mpumalanga, provinces of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19319970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19319970" title="Nathalie Lupino">
Nathalie Lupino

Nathalie ("Natalina") Lupino (born June 13, 1963 in Valenciennes, Nord) is a retired female judoka from France. She claimed the bronze medal in the Women's Heavyweight (+ 72 kg) division at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. In the bronze medal match she defeated Germany's Claudia Weber.

</doc>
<doc id="19320019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320019" title="Antennaria suffrutescens">
Antennaria suffrutescens

Antennaria suffrutescens is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names evergreen pussytoes and evergreen everlasting. It is native to Oregon and far northern California, where it grows in coniferous forests in the mountains, sometimes on serpentine soils. This is a perennial herb producing several erect stems up to about 12 centimeters tall from a woody base. The densely packed leaves at the base of the plant are spoon-shaped with notched tips, woolly on the undersides and about a centimeter long. They are evergreen, remaining on the plant through the seasons. The inflorescence atop each stem bears a single flower head lined with woolly white phyllaries with yellow-green bases. The species is dioecious with female plants bearing slightly larger flower heads containing pistillate flowers, and male plants producing staminate flowers. The fruit is an achene up to a centimeter long, most of which is a long pappus attached to a small hard body.

</doc>
<doc id="19320031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320031" title="Vincent Zhao">
Vincent Zhao

Vincent Zhao Wenzhuo (born 10 April 1972), sometimes credited as Vincent Chiu or Chiu Man-cheuk, is a Chinese actor and martial artist. Zhao is best known playing the Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung in the "Once Upon a Time in China" film and television series.
Early life.
Zhao was born in Harbin, Heilongjiang, China, as the youngest of three sons. His father was a martial arts practitioner, and his mother was a professional sprinter, who broke the record for being the fastest female sprinter of Harbin. Under the instruction of his father, Zhao attended martial arts lessons at the age of eight, but he never completely devote himself to his lessons as he was more interested in singing. In the early 1980s, Zhao was sent to a martial arts academy in Harbin and began to train vigorously, where he started to love the sport. He soon became the youngest member of the Harbin wushu team, which was established in 1985. Trained in various wushu techniques, Zhao mastered t'ai chi ch'uan, especially the Chen and Yang styles.
Zhao maintained high academic standards, and in 1990, he was accepted by Beijing Sport University to study martial arts. Throughout his university career, he joined many national championships, winning first place titles and gold medals for the National Junior Championship, the National All-Around Championship, and also the National Martial Arts Championship. He was also qualified to be in China's national martial arts team, and his classmates gave him the nickname, "Kungfu King".
Career.
"Fong Sai-yuk".
In 1992, Hong Kong film producer Corey Yuen went to Beijing Sport University to find a martial artist to play the role of the antagonist for his 1993 film "Fong Sai-yuk". Yuen found Zhao through the latter's instructor and was immediately impressed with Zhao. Initially, Zhao was uninterested, but Yuen insisted on offering him the role because he had "the skill and looks." After further encouragement from peers and mentors, Zhao accepted the offer and shooting began in the same year. Zhao was often teased for looking too nice and young for the role of the villain, the Governor of Kau-man, but under the instruction of Yuen and other directors, he learned the easiest way to "look evil". He said, "The director told me: Chiu Man-cheuk, when you look at people, don't look at them like how you usually do. You must look at them from the corner of your eyes with your profile facing them. That way, you will look evil." During filming, Zhao also enrolled in acting classes for three months. "Fong Sai-yuk" was released in March 1993 and became a box office hit in Hong Kong, grossing HK$30,666,842.
"Once Upon a Time in China".
After only a month into the filming of "Fong Sai-yuk", contract problems between Tsui Hark and Jet Li caused Li to back out from the fourth installment of the "Once Upon a Time in China" saga. Tsui met Zhao on the set of "Fong Sai-yuk" and was impressed with Zhao's performance that he quickly recruited Zhao to replace Li in playing the role of Wong Fei-hung. Tsui also encouraged Zhao to sign a three-year contract to be a full-time actor, but Zhao rejected the offer, stating that he felt that his education was more important. Zhao continued to devote himself to filming during school vacations for "Green Snake" (1993) and "Once Upon a Time in China IV" (1994). During filming for Green Snake, Zhao was hung high up in the air during a stunt with two steel wires supporting him but during an incident. One of the steel wires broke and Zhao stated that if the other wire were to also break that he could have lost his life as well. Zhao was ultimately very frightened especially after filming this scene. During the filming of one of the Wong Fei Hung movies he seriously injured his ankle to the point where it haven't healed even till now, year 2012. He stated that some of the bones in his ankle still haven't healed yet and that before this injury he was okay with doing the majority of his stunts even jumping from third or second story high buildings. The injury has also affected his flexibility as well.
Although "Once Upon a Time in China IV" grossed less in the box office than the first three installments, it was significant enough to continue the franchise with a fifth installment, "Once Upon a Time in China V" (1995). While shooting a scene, Zhao slipped during a fighting sequence and injured his head. He was rushed to the hospital and got stitches. He recovered quickly and shooting continued after several weeks. "Once Upon a Time in China V" was Zhao's last role as Wong Fei-hung in the films, as Jet Li returned for the sixth and last installment, "Once Upon a Time in China and America" (1997).
Zhao continued playing Wong Fei-hung in the television drama "Wong Fei Hung Series", also produced by Tsui Hark. The series was aired on ATV in Hong Kong for two years and received high ratings (although "Wong Fei Hung Series: The Final Victory" only had moderate ratings).
1997–1999.
In 1997, Zhao signed a management contract with China Star, a Hong Kong talent agency, after which he began to work on more films, such as "The Blacksheep Affair" (1998), "Body Weapon" (1999) and "Fist Power" (1999-2000). Many considered him as "the next Jet Li".
2000–2010.
Zhao's contract with China Star ended in 1999, and he decided to turn his focus to the mainland Chinese market in hope of making more money (probably due to economic differences), working on television series and films such as "The Sino-Dutch War 1661", "Wind and Cloud" and "Seven Swordsmen". In 2006, Zhao returned to Hong Kong and began working on "The Master of Tai Chi", produced by TVB.
During an interview concerning his career and the transition from movie actor to television actor. He said tactfully "at the beginning of the transition, my heart felt like it was in a uncomfortable state."
Reviews for Zhao's performance in television series were mixed, and many criticized him for giving up big productions and the silver screen. Zhao explained:
"I never took professional acting classes. The only thing I could do back then were sports and martial arts. In order to train myself, I must accept more television series to touch up my acting."
While working on "The Master of Tai Chi", Zhao was given a script for a new martial arts film and he accepted the lead role. Zhao signed with Hollywood agency CAA in 2006 with help from Jackie Chan. He was originally selected to play the lead villain in "Rush Hour 3", but the role was eventually given to Hiroyuki Sanada. After spending one year and a half in America, Zhao returned to Beijing and went into an obvious physical breakdown. In September 2008 he returned to Beijing to prepare for his next film, "True Legend". "True Legend" opened up to mixed reviews and was a failure at the box office. In April 2010 Zhao joined "Sacrifice"'s star studded cast and was only given a minor role.
2011–present.
Zhao starred alongside Yang Mi, Louis Fan, Xu Jiao and Dennis To in the 2012 martial arts fantasy film "Wu Dang" that was directed by Patrick Leung, written by Chan Khan, and action choreographed by Corey Yuen.
On 19 January 2012, in a press conference held in Beijing, it was announced that Zhao would be starring with Donnie Yen in the film "Special Identity". However, on 29 February, Zhao was kicked off the set after having conflicts with Yen.
Personal life.
Zhao graduated from Beijing Sport University in 1994 and decided to remain there as a martial arts instructor. However, due to his busy filming schedule, he only taught classes for three months before resigning.
During his time at Beijing Academy, Zhao signed on for two months of dancing classes and won the National College Dance Championship Competition.
He was once linked with Anita Mui in early 1995 but the pair broke apart in 1996.
Zhao married his girlfriend Zhang Danlu whom he met in 2002 on June 2006, and their daughter, was born in September 2007. In November 2007, Zhao brought his family back to Beijing. At the airport, when interviewed, Zhao said his daughter is named "Rosita", Chinese name "Zhao Ziyang" (赵紫阳). His daughter shares the same name as the late politician Zhao Ziyang, whose name has been a taboo subject in China since 1989. On 15 July 2011, Zhao's wife gave birth in Hong Kong to their second son, who is named "Zilong" after the courtesy name of Zhao Yun, a famous general of the Three Kingdoms period.
Zhao also has a son from a previous relationship with a Shanghai college student studying in Canada and a reported pianist at that time. His son, named "Zhao Yuanda" (赵元达), English name "Joseph", was born in August 2002. The reason for their break up is unknown. In 2004 Zhao Yuanda and his mother moved back to Beijing, where she opened a yoga center in the luxury apartments of Beijing Suburbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19320054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320054" title="Louis Molepske">
Louis Molepske

Louis John Molepske, Jr. (born January 6, 1974) is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 71st Assembly District since a special election in 2003. 
Assemblyman Molepske was the second youngest legislator in Wisconsin's State Capitol at the time of his first election. A Stevens Point Area Senior High graduate, Molepske earned his Political Science degree with an emphasis in Journalism at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and subsequently obtained his Law Degree from Marquette University in 2001.
In November 2012, Molepske was elected district attorney for Portage County, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="19320064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320064" title="Grouping of Rural and Independent Chadians">
Grouping of Rural and Independent Chadians

Grouping of Rural and Independent Chadians () was a political party in Chad. The party was founded in 1956, when the Gountchomé Sahoulba-led faction broke away from the Chadian Social Action. The party mainly represented interests of traditional chiefs from southern Chad.
The party was in alliance with the Chadian Progressive Party (PPT), but broke this alliance and joined the Chadian Socialist Union, a bloc of anti-PPT parties. Later this group evolved into the African National Party. The erstwhile GIRT leader Djibrine Kerallah became the vice chair of the African National Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19320089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320089" title="Heidi Rakels">
Heidi Rakels

Heidi Rakels (born June 22, 1968 in Leuven, Vlaams-Brabant) is a retired female judoka from Belgium. 
Rakels claimed the bronze medal in the Women's Middleweight (– 66 kg) division at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. In the bronze medal match she defeated Germany's Alexandra Schreiber. She also competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19320115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320115" title="Blood Death Ivory">
Blood Death Ivory

Blood Death Ivory is the second studio album by Australian electro-industrial band Angelspit. Work on "Blood Death Ivory" started in October 2006. The groundwork was done from April to November 2007, but the main focused work on the album happened from December 2007 to February 2008.
On 15 May 2009, a remix album of "Blood Death Ivory" entitled "Black Kingdom Red Kingdom" was released featuring remixes by artists such as KMFDM, Ayria, I:Scintilla, Baal and Ego Likeness. 

</doc>
<doc id="19320128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320128" title="Antennaria umbrinella">
Antennaria umbrinella

Antennaria umbrinella is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names umber pussytoes and brown pussytoes. It is native to western North America from southwestern Canada to the Sierra Nevada and southern Rocky Mountains. This is a perennial herb growing erect stems to a maximum height around 16 centimeters from a woody base with spreading stolons. The base is covered in woolly leaves each one to two centimeters long and lance-shaped to spoon-shaped. Each inflorescence holds several flower heads with fuzzy phyllaries which are whitish to brown in color. The plant is dioecious, with males and females producing different flower types in the heads. The fruit is an achene with a hard body 2 millimeters long and a long pappus of hairs up to 5 millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="19320131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320131" title="Kevin Reiter">
Kevin Reiter

Kevin Reiter (born November 4, 1981 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender. He last played in the Central Hockey League with the Fort Wayne Komets and retired from playing after the 2010-2011 season. He is currently working as goaltender coach for WSV Sterzing – SSI Vipiteno Broncos in Italy's Serie A2.
Reiter spent four seasons with the University of Alaska Anchorage before turning pro in 2004, sigining with the Missouri River Otters in a two-year spell. In 2004-2005, Reiter and teammate Jason Tapp set a new UHL record for the most shutouts in one season. He then moved on to the Central Hockey League with the Laredo Bucks and the ECHL with the Phoenix RoadRunners. In 2007, he signed for the Fort Wayne Komets of the International Hockey League. The Komets went on to win the IHL Turner Cup that season. In 2008, Reiter moved to the United Kingdom and signed with the Basingstoke Bison for the 08/09 season. In July 2009, Reiter moved to league champions Sheffield Steelers to replace their out going goalie Jody Lehman. However due to a hernia and torn abdominal muscle, Reiter was released by the Sheffield Steelers and went on to play for the Newcastle Vipers. However after starting netminder Michel Robinson recovered from his injury Reiter returned to Pittsburgh to rehab his injury. In 2010, Reiter rejoined the Fort Wayne Komets in the newly formed collaboration of the International Hockey League and the Central Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19320153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320153" title="Aftermath Clubhouse">
Aftermath Clubhouse

The Aftermath Clubhouse is a two story, wood-frame Italian Villa building which was originally constructed in 1904. It is estimated to be the first women's clubhouse in the state of Washington.
History.
The Aftermath Reading Circle first formed in 1895, as a literary and social club for women of New Whatcom. The organization encouraged socialization, intellectual discussion and became a means for participating in community affairs. Once the informal reading Circle transformed into the formal Aftermath Club, the members took it upon themselves to build a permanent clubhouse. The clubhouse was constructed in 1904 and, for many years in Whatcom County, was the only clubhouse owned by its members. As a testament to their success, the Aftermath Club managed to pay off the debt of their clubhouse while continuing their charitable and philanthropic ventures.
Today.
The Clubhouse is still privately owned and is rented out for events. For years, the second floor was considered to be one of the best ballrooms in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19320154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320154" title="Scott Murawski">
Scott Murawski

Scott Murawski (born October 21, 1956 in Agawam, Massachusetts) is an American multi-instrumentalist, specializing on the electric guitar. He has achieved fame primarily on guitar with the American rock band Max Creek. He is also a proficient pianist, bassist and drummer.
Murawski is a long-time member of Phish bassist Mike Gordon's solo band, and BK3, a trio led by Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann and Bonnie Raitt bassist James "Hutch" Hutchinson.

</doc>
<doc id="19320161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320161" title="Carmelo González (footballer)">
Carmelo González (footballer)

Carmelo José González Jiménez, simply known as Carmelo (born 9 July 1983 in Las Palmas, Canary Islands), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Buriram United F.C. in Thailand, as an attacking midfielder.
Football career.
Carmelo graduated from hometown UD Las Palmas' youth ranks. In his first main squad appearance, in 2001–02's La Liga, he scored in a 3–0 away win against RCD Mallorca on 26 August 2001, and would play a further three seasons with the club in the second (two) and third divisions (one).
Carmelo joined Levante UD in the 2005–06 campaign, where he would be a key figure in the Valencian Community side's promotion to the top level, but would only appear in six matches in the following season, finishing it with Hércules CF.
In 2007–08 Carmelo moved to CD Numancia, scoring seven goals (third-best in squad) "en route" to another top flight promotion. He then switched in the next season to another promotee, Sporting de Gijón, netting in back-to-back wins in October against Mallorca, CA Osasuna and Deportivo de La Coruña, as the Asturians retained their division status.
In the following three seasons Carmelo struggled with injury, but managed to be relatively used by Sporting, only being able to score once in 58 league games combined however. The club suffered relegation at the end of the 2011–12 campaign.
Carmelo left Sporting Gijón in February 2013, moving abroad for the first time shortly after as he signed with Thai Premier League club Buriram United FC. He won the national championship in his first year, being top scorer in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="19320164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320164" title="Microflex Inc.">
Microflex Inc.

Microflex Inc. is an international corporation manufacturing flexible metal products based in Ormond Beach, Florida and supplying a wide range of industries, with customers including NASA. It was founded in 1975 by Josif and Gjorgjija 'George' Atanasoski.

</doc>
<doc id="19320177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320177" title="Gun Röring">
Gun Röring

Gun Röring (17 June 1930 - March 17, 2006) was a Swedish gymnast and Olympic champion. 
Röring competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where she received a gold medal in "Team portable apparatus".

</doc>
<doc id="19320185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320185" title="Chiyori Masuchi">
Chiyori Masuchi

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19320187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320187" title="Estadio Los Pozos">
Estadio Los Pozos

The Estadio Los Pozos is the home stadium of Spanish side UD Fuerteventura who currently play in the Segunda División B. It is situated in the outskirts of Puerto del Rosario in the Canary Island of Fuerteventura. The ground seats 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19320188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320188" title="Karl Bolle">
Karl Bolle

Rittmeister Karl Bolle, (20 June 1893 – 9 October 1955), Pour le Merite, Military Merit Cross, Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Friedrich Order, Iron Cross was a fighter ace with 36 aerial victories during World War I. He became a "Jagdstaffel" commander during that war, and an advisor to the Luftwaffe during World War II.
Life before flying.
Karl Bolle was born in Berlin on 20 June 1893, to a family owning a well-known dairy. He studied economics at The University of Oxford in 1912, and was also well known for his athletic prowess, playing ice hockey while there.
He returned home to Germany to enlist as a leutnant (lieutenant) in the 7th von Seydlitz "Kurassier" (cavalry) Regiment in 1913 as a one year volunteer. At the start of World War I his regiment served on the Western Front, fighting in Belgium and the First Battle of the Marne. It was then transferred to the Eastern Front; Bolle seeing action in Poland and in Courland in Latvia. By the end of 1915, Bolle had won an award for bravery, the Iron Cross, Second Class and transferred to the "Luftstreitkräfte".
Aerial service in World War I.
He undertook his initial training at Johannistal, then was forwarded to FEA 5 in Hannover, Germany. Later he trained to become a fighter pilot at Valenciennes, France at Jastaschule I. The standard German practice was to be trained initially at a Fliegerschule or an FEA (Flieger-Ersatz Abteilung = Pilot Replacement Unit) and serve initially in a two-seater unit, in this case Kagohl IV, and then later transfer for training as a fighter pilot at a Jastaschule where they would be closely tutored by experts with frontline experience. They also had access to captured British and French fighters to familiarize themselves with their opponent's aircraft.
At any rate, upon completion, he was assigned to the bombing group Kagohl IV in July, 1916.
Bolle was wounded in October, 1916 in combat with five French fighters. He crash landed within friendly lines and despite his own injury dragged his injured observer safely out of the shell-fire directed at their downed aircraft.
Upon his recovery, he had been assigned to Kampfstaffel 23 of KG IV; Lothar von Richthofen was assigned as his observer/gunner. It was about this time that Bolle was awarded the Kingdom of Württemberg's 2nd Class Knight's Cross of the Friedrich Order.
He was the only fighter ace to win this award.
Bolle went to Jastaschule (fighter pilot's training) in early 1917. He joined Jagdstaffel 28 in April 1917, while still recuperating from a leg wound. While assigned as a non-flying adjutant, he began tutelage on the fighter pilot's craft with two aces, Karl Emil Schaefer and Otto Hartmann, as well as Bolle's friend, Max Ritter von Müller.
In July he commenced operational flying with Jasta 28. His first victory was over an Airco DH.4 of 57 Squadron on 8 August 1917. He scored once more in August and victories in December 1917 and January 1918 made him an ace by 30 January.
Bolle in command.
He was then promoted to Oberleutnant and transferred to command Jasta 2 on 20 February 1918 at Marcke, France. This was the squadron that Oswald Boelcke had commanded as he invented the first fighter tactics, strategy, and organization. It was being re-equipped with Fokker Dr.I triplanes as it was being incorporated into Jagdgeschwader 3. It was a dispirited squadron, having lost three consecutive Pour le Merite holding commanding officers killed in action. Bolle was destined to be Jasta 2's final commander.
Despite seemingly modest credentials, Bolle set his mark upon the squadron. The Fokker Dr.I triplane supplied was a plane of limited speed but great maneuverability and climb rate. Its slower speed made it more difficult to close to short distance for gunnery against faster fighters. Bolle's solution was the use of an Oigee telescopic sight for his guns. He also painted distinctive white stripes on his upper wings, to denote his leadership role, along with a yellow fuselage band edged by black and white to honor his old cavalry regiment.
Bolle's command of English turned out to be handy upon occasion, when he questioned downed British Empire fliers.
He opened his tally with Jasta 2 on 25 April 1918, as part of a huge air offensive launched to support ground assault on Kemmel Ridge. He then began a steady collection of single and double victories, with five in May, seven in June, nine in July, and three in August. In August, 1918, when he had scored 28 victories, he received the Military Merit Cross, and the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern; the Pour le Merite (commonly known as the Blue Max) was bestowed on the 28th.
Bolle did not score again until 1 November. On 4 November, he downed four British fighters. —two RAF SE.5as of 56 Squadron and two Sopwith Snipes of 4 AFC. The Snipes (claimed with Leut.Ernst Bormann) were flown by aces Captain Thomas Baker (12 victories) and Lt. A. J. Palliser (7). These were Bolle's final victories.
A week later, he and his pilots defiantly marked their Fokker D.VIIs with their names and victory scores before surrendering them into British hands at Nivelles, Belgium.
Bolle's final score of 36 victories included a preponderance of wins over enemy fighters; he downed 25. The other 11 victories were two-seater reconnaissance, ground attack, and bomber aircraft. More importantly, he led Jasta 2 through the intense battles of 1918 to the second highest victory total in the German Air Force, with a total of 336 victories to the Jasta.
Post World War I.
After war's end, he became a flying instructor. He also became the Director of the Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule (German Air Transport School) in the 1920s. Subsequently, he helped in the covert training of pilots for the Luftwaffe.
During World War II, he served as an advisor with the Luftwaffe, reporting to Hermann Göring.
Karl Bolle died in his native city of Berlin on 9 October 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19320193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320193" title="HMS Heroine">
HMS Heroine

Four ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Heroine":

</doc>
<doc id="19320200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320200" title="Tosontsengel">
Tosontsengel

Tosontsengel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19320212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320212" title="North Santee, South Carolina">
North Santee, South Carolina

North Santee is an unincorporated community in Georgetown County, South Carolina. It is located south of Georgetown on U.S. Route 17 on the Santee Rivers. Thomas Lynch, Jr. was born here in North Santee vicinity at the Hopsewee house.

</doc>
<doc id="19320213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320213" title="Dusty Limits">
Dusty Limits

Dusty Limits is an Australian-born cabaret singer and comedian based in the United Kingdom, and one of the leading figures on the "new cabaret" scene.
Biography.
Dusty Limits hailed from Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, where he first appeared in cabaret. he made his European debut in 1999. He has a three-and-a-half octave vocal range, and is noted for his interpretations of the songs of Kurt Weill, Cole Porter, Noël Coward, Tom Waits, Stephen Sondheim, Jacques Brel, Portishead, Tom Lehrer, David Bowie, Philip Jeays and Nick Cave. He also writes original songs, usually with a macabre or satirical twist, including such songs as "I Am A Jolly Self-Harmer", "Cocaine Socialist", "Beaucoup de Lifting", "Is It Too Late?", "Imagine (Think of the Kids)" and "Poor".
Since 1992, he has also performed as an actor on stage and film, sometimes also performing under the name of Dorian Black. He continues to perform regularly throughout the UK as a singer, comic and compere, both in solo shows and as part of variety bills. He is the director and compere of the Black Cat Cabaret which appeared at the Café de Paris every Friday throughout 2013 and now takes place at the Grill Room at the Cafe Royal. He also produced and co-hosted the monthly Savoy Cabaret at the Savoy Hotel.
He won the London Cabaret Award for 'Best Host/Compere' in both 2012 and 2013.
Work.
Dusty performs throughout the UK and abroad as a cabaret singer, comic and compere.
From 2003 to 2005, he had his own monthly show in London under the titles "Dusty Limits and Friends" and "Dusty Limits Etc". Since 2003 he has performed every year at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe, either in his own one-man cabarets and/or as host and programmer of variety nights including the Vaudeville at the Bongo Club. He most recently hosted the Bongo Club Cabaret in 2012. He was also for a number of years a judge and occasionally compere for the Tap Water Awards.
He has appeared on the bill with many of the leading performers in the worlds of neo-Weimar cabaret and burlesque, including Amanda Palmer, Camille O'Sullivan, Justin Bond, Meow Meow, Miss Behave, Empress Stah, Jonny Woo, The Luminescent Orchestrii, Fancy Chance, Paul L Martin, Immodesty Blaize, Kittie Klaw, Roxy Velvet, Gill Manly, Taylor Mac, Amy G, Baby Dee, Daniel Isengart, Ali McGregor, Nathan Evans and Holly Penfield.
In 2004, he performed at the Brisbane International Cabaret Festival. In 2006, he performed at Don't Tell Mama and Joe's Pub in New York City. He also appeared on the bill of Weimar New York at the Spiegeltent in 2007.
In 2003, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010 at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe, Dusty Limits hosted a nightly revue at the Bongo Club Cabaret. In 2007, he was winner in the Ministry of Burlesque Awards for both Best Male Singer and Best Male Performer. Ministry of Burlesque performance at Glasgow's High Tease
In October 2007, he premiered a new show, "The Picture of Dusty Limits", dedicated to the themes of decadence and disillusion. It featured a number of original songs by Dusty Limits and his musical collaborator and accompanist, Michael Roulston. It has been reprised several times, being largely rewritten and updated each time. He performed a completely revised version of the show at the Famous Spiegeltent as part of the Edinburgh Fringe 2010, garnering 5-star reviews.
In 2008, Dusty Limits appeared as a guest performer in the sell-out season of Miss Behave's Variety Nighty at The Roundhouse in Camden, North London. He has also been engaged in writing for "Mr Donne's Particular Cabinet", a full-length 'narrative cabaret' show.
From 2007 to 2009, Dusty programmed and hosted a monthly new-cabaret showcase at the Royal Vauxhall Tavern called first "Kabarett" and then "KUNST", which means 'Art' in German. The night featured both established and up-and-coming performers and has included a number of noteworthy artists on the European cabaret circuit, such as Fancy Chance, Frisky and Mannish, Bourgeois and Maurice, Chrisalys, Desmond O'Connor and Lucifire.
In 2009, he was one of four major neo-cabaret artists to perform as part of "Space Oddities", an evening of cabaret dedicated to retro-futurism. The others were Ruby Blues, Jonny Woo and Empress Stah.
He has appeared every year from 2002 in the Battersea Barge pantomime, which he has written and directed several times. Most recently, he performed as Hildegaard Von Boss, in "Cinderella and the Glass Ceiling" (2010) and Monsieur Wolf in "Red Riding Hoodie" (2011).
In 2008, he co-produced a mock wedding at the Bethnal Green Working Men's Club, in which the elements of the normal wedding service - e.g. the First Reading - became cabaret acts, and which included performances by many of London's top cabaret and burlesque artistes.
In May 2010 and again in 2011, he was one of a handful of top London cabaret artists to perform at the "Time Out" Alternative Eurovision competition. He performed an original song entitled "Je Suis Eurostar", a parody of Eurovision, under the name 'Dana Euronational'.
He performed in 2010 as part of the Grimeborn Festival in a short experimental opera piece entitled "CROW", with music by Michael Roulston. He most recently appeared at the Famous Spiegeltent as part of the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in his one-man show "The Picture of Dusty Limits", to outstanding reviews., 
At the Fringe in 2011, he performed a new show, Darkling, which dealt with the themes of melancholy and mortality, and which he described as 'stand-up misery'. It also gained excellent reviews.
Dusty was also interviewed for the BBC Radio 2 program "Come to the Cabaret", which featured interviewees including Lisa Appignanesi, Paloma Faith, Julian Clary, Amy Saunders, Immodesty Blaize and Barry Cryer and was hosted by Paul O'Grady.
Along with Tricity Vogue, he wrote and performed a season of satirical sketches and songs in the Private Eye Dining Room, upstairs at Norman's Coach and Horses in Soho.
In January 2011, Dusty was one of ten cabaret artists, including David Hoyle and EastEnd Cabaret, who had their own "Time Out London" cover in a special edition celebrating the resurgence of cabaret.
In 2012, Dusty produced and hosted "The Winter of Our Discontent", a satirical/political cabaret at the Arcola Tent that included some of London's top cabaret artists.
His 2012 solo Edinburgh Fringe show, Post-Mortem, was shortlisted for TO&ST (Time Out & Soho Theatre) Award and will be performed at the Soho Theatre in July 2013.
In 2013 he took a new show, Psycho, to the Fringe, which featured a dozen original songs written with his writing partner Michael Roulston and received excellent reviews.
As well as performing, Dusty works as a voice coach, writer and director. He has directed at Central School of Speech and Drama where he has also delivered lectures on the subject of Kleinkunst. His special area is 'narrative cabaret', theatrical work using a cabaret or 'Kleinkunst' format.
Media.
2011.
Dusty appears as one of ten 'cover-stars' of a special "Time Out" edition dedicated to cabaret. "Time Out" describes him as 'The Trailblazer'.
2010.
Dusty interviewed for BBC Radio 2 program, "Come to the Cabaret", hosted by Paul O'Grady. Dusty speaks mainly on the history of Berlin cabaret and the role of the Emcee.
Dusty was also the 'Marriage Man' in 'Trapped:Ever After!'
2008.
Dusty Limits was one of three cabaret performers profiled by a "Newsweek" article examining the resurgence of cabaret, the others being Michael Feinstein and Ute Lemper.
Dusty was featured on the cover of "TIme Out" issue 1958, the Sex and Books issue, as part of a group of five leading burlesque artistes, and solo on page 20 where he is posed reading a book in a standing pose.
"Time Out" review of 2008 (December 18 edition) named Dusty Limits as one of the four main neo-cabaret guards, (along with Jonny Woo, Justin Bond and Empress Stah) who had done "exceptional work". In the same issue he was also one of the 10 "scene leaders" invited to share their personal highlights of the year in the Social Club section feature.

</doc>
<doc id="19320229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320229" title="North West Parks and Tourism Board">
North West Parks and Tourism Board

North West Parks and Tourism Board is a governmental organisation responsible for maintaining wilderness areas and public nature reserves in North West Province, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19320241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320241" title="AAC Angel">
AAC Angel

__NOTOC__
The Angel Aircraft Corporation Model 44 Angel is a twin-engine STOL utility aircraft produced in the United States since the mid-1990s. Designed by Carl Mortenson and The King's Engineering Fellowship to be well-suited for missionary work from remote locations around the world, it is a low-wing cantilever monoplane with retractable tricycle undercarriage and eight seats. The design is largely conventional, but for the fact that the engine nacelles are mounted on top of the wings in pusher configuration. Construction is of aluminium throughout.
Design work began at the home of designer Carl Mortenson in 1972, with work on the prototype beginning in 1977, also from the designer's home. In 1980 the project was moved to the municipal airport in Orange City, Iowa. First flight took place on January 13, 1984, and FAA type certitication was achieved on October 20, 1992. Angel Aircraft Corporation manufactures the aircraft under a license agreement with The King's Engineering Fellowship. 

</doc>
<doc id="19320242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320242" title="Gómez Farías Municipality, Chihuahua">
Gómez Farías Municipality, Chihuahua

Gómez Farías is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Valentín Gómez Farías, Chihuahua. The municipality covers an area of 986.6 km².
It was named for Valentín Gómez Farías, a 19th-century President of the Republic.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7583. 

</doc>
<doc id="19320243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320243" title="Great Stukeley">
Great Stukeley

Great Stukeley is a village civil parish of the The Stukeleys in Huntingdonshire in Cambridgeshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19320249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320249" title="Little Stukeley">
Little Stukeley

Little Stukeley is a village civil parish of The Stukeleys in Huntingdonshire in Cambridgeshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19320257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320257" title="Ingrid Sandahl">
Ingrid Sandahl

Ingrid Sandahl (5 November 1924 – 15 November 2011) was a Swedish gymnast and Olympic champion. 
She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where she received a gold medal in "team exercise with portable apparatus".

</doc>
<doc id="19320268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320268" title="Greg Smithey">
Greg Smithey

Greg Smithey is an American fitness and aerobics instructor. Best known for creating "The Original Buns of Steel" [http://www.originalbunsofsteeldvd.com] workout in the 1980s, Smithey has promoted health and fitness throughout his career. In "The Original Buns of Steel", Smithey leads viewers through a series of exercises devoted to strengthening, tightening, toning, growing and shaping the buttocks, thighs and upper legs. Smithey incorporates the lower body strengthening exercises he used to train for vaulting into his workout. Over one million copies of Smithey's workout were sold on VHS tape. Smithey's projects include re-launching a DVD version of his "Original Buns of Steel" at the Original Buns of Steel official website. Greg Smithey has a BA in physical education, MA in education and is certified by IDEA as a fitness instructor.

</doc>
<doc id="19320273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320273" title="Cabinet of Ministers of Somaliland">
Cabinet of Ministers of Somaliland

This is the current list of the Cabinet of Ministers of Somaliland, changed on June 25, 2013 headed by the President of Somaliland, Ahmed M. Mahamoud Silanyo. The Council of Ministers run the day-to-day operations of the regional government. Ministers are approved by the National Assembly of Somaliland.

</doc>
<doc id="19320274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320274" title="Yoko Sakaue">
Yoko Sakaue

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19320313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320313" title="Anthoxanthum aristatum">
Anthoxanthum aristatum

Anthoxanthum aristatum is a species of grass known by the common name annual vernalgrass. It is native to North Africa and southern Europe as far north as France, and it is known in other regions, including northern Europe and North America, as an introduced species. It is occasionally a minor weed of fields. This is an annual grass growing in small tufts up to about 30 centimeters tall. The leaves are short, pointed, and somewhat hairy. The inflorescence is up to 3 centimeters long and one wide, flat and hairy with spikelets a few millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="19320327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320327" title="Hillcrest Christian Academy">
Hillcrest Christian Academy

Hillcrest Christian Academy (HCA) is a co-educational independent Primary School in Hillcrest, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, about 30 km from Durban. The headteacher is Mr M Temlett.
History of HCA.
Hillcrest Christian Academy opened its doors in January 1994 as a small school with 60 learners. It was the vision of Hillcrest Christian Fellowship to start a school on its property to provide the greater Highway community and surrounding areas with a Christian Education system. It has grown into a popular co-educational Pre- and Primary School where children are given the freedom to grow, nurture character development and discover their gifting. The estate is situated on of prime land bordering Inanda Road and stretching from Fischer Road through to Greenmeadow Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="19320330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320330" title="Hjördis Nordin">
Hjördis Nordin

Hjördis Nordin (born 2 August 1932) is a Swedish gymnast and Olympic champion. 
She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where she received a gold medal in "team exercise with portable apparatus".

</doc>
<doc id="19320347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320347" title="Gran Morelos Municipality">
Gran Morelos Municipality

Gran Morelos is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at San Nicolás de Carretas. The municipality covers an area of 424.2 km².
In the 2005 Census, the municipality had a total population of 3,092. 

</doc>
<doc id="19320351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320351" title="Visok">
Visok

Visok is a region in Serbia and Bulgaria that lies between the main ranges of the Old Mountain and Vidlič Mountain, situated in a small part of the eastern area of the region. It is 35 km from Pirot, and about 350 km from Belgrade.
Climate characteristics.
The southwestern slopes of the Old Mountain are characterized by a moderate/continental sub-mountain/mountain climate, which gets colder and more humid from lower to higher elevations. The coldest month is January, and the warmest is July.
Geomorphological characteristics.
The Visok region is characterized by steep valleys with mostly short rivers. It is of tectonic origin, but it was through intensive erosion, mostly fluvial erosion, that it was shaped.
Hydrological characteristics.
The drainage network of this region is well developed. The Visočica River, with its tributaries, forms the densest drainage network in Serbia. Another very important hydrological feature of Visok is Lake Zavoj.

</doc>
<doc id="19320354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320354" title="Göta Pettersson">
Göta Pettersson

Göta Pettersson (18 December 1926 – 9 October 1993) is a Swedish gymnast and Olympic champion. 
She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where she received a gold medal in "team exercise with portable apparatus".

</doc>
<doc id="19320362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320362" title="Schrecklichkeit">
Schrecklichkeit

Schrecklichkeit (German "terror" or "frightfulness") is a word used by English speakers to describe an assumed military policy of the German Army towards civilians in World War I.
Under the traditional "laws of war" in Europe, military activity was to be confined to the regular, uniformed armies of each side. Civilians were to take no part in fighting, neither attacking or being attacked. Thus, when the uniformed army troops in a nation or region were all defeated, resistance was supposed to end. In practice, informal resistance by "partisans", "guerrillas", or ""francs-tireurs"" often continued after the "regular" troops had given up or withdrawn. These fighters, never officially enrolled in an army, and not wearing uniforms to identify them as combatants, attacked occupying troops by ambushes, surprises, and sniping. Conducting such operations out of uniform was considered perfidy, and those involved could be executed.
Occupying armies sometimes responded to such attacks by reprisals against the local population: execution of local inhabitants, whether known to be guerrilas or not, or destruction (usually by burning) of homes and other structures.
German army doctrine in force at the time called for such reprisals to be performed immediately and severely in any case of civilian resistance. It was argued that such "schrecklichkeit" would end resistance quickly with relatively little bloodshed, whereas restraint would encourage resistance, leading to greater destruction and death.
When Germany invaded Belgium in 1914, the German high command expected to sweep through the country with negligible opposition. The German army was many times larger and stronger than the Belgian army, and the Germans therefore thought that any resistance by Belgium would be futile. German leaders had even suggested to the Belgian government that in the event of war, the Belgians should just line up along the roads and watch the Germans march through. Belgium's refusal to accept these German presumptions and its resistance to the German advance came as a surprise, and disrupted the German timetable for advancing into France.
This frustration was communicated to the German troops in Belgium. Anything which delayed the German advance was to be crushed mercilessly. The Belgians were viewed as irrational and even treacherous for their opposition.
This led to exaggerated suspicions among German commanders of Belgian civilian resistance. It is possible that some Belgian civilians engaged in resistance, though none is documented. It is certain that on several occasions, German commanders declared (probably in unconscious error) that such acts had occurred when they had not.
The Germans responded to these perceived acts of resistance with harsh measures. In several villages and towns, hundreds of civilians were executed. Many buildings were put to the torch. Priests thought guilty of encouraging the resistance were killed. Violence by German soldiers against Belgians, such as rape, was ignored or not seriously punished. The Belgian city of Leuven was largely destroyed. One German officer later wrote about the town, "We shall wipe it out...Not one stone will stand upon another. We will teach them to respect Germany. For generations people will come here and see what we have done".
These actions, taken in a period of near-panic as the German forces desperately tried to carry out their flanking march before Allied forces could respond, proved to be a propaganda disaster for Germany. The reports of them caused a wave of indignation which aided the Allied cause.
Analysis.
The German argument for many years was that the actions in Belgium were the result of civilian resistance. The Belgian government was to blame for this "illegal warfare." Echoes of this can be found as late as the 1990s in such works as "Deutsche Geschichte" of Thomas Nipperdey and in the 1996 edition of the "Brockhaus Enzyklopädie". John Horne and Alan Kramer in "German Atrocities 1914: A History of Denial" contest this. Based on several sources, they contend that the German Army faced no irregular forces in Belgium and France during the first two and a half months of World War I, but believed it did due to erroneous reports of civilian resistance and as a result responded inappropriately and with excessive force.

</doc>
<doc id="19320367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320367" title="Marlin Schneider">
Marlin Schneider

Marlin Schneider was a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 72nd Assembly District from 1970 to 2010.
He is known by his nickname: "Snarlin' Marlin."
He was defeated in the November 2, 2010 election by Scott Krug, ending a 40-year run in the Wisconsin State Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="19320370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320370" title="CIT Chambly-Richelieu-Carignan">
CIT Chambly-Richelieu-Carignan

The CIT Chambly-Richelieu-Carignan ("Conseil Intermunicipal de Transport Chambly-Richelieu-Carignan") was formed in 1984 to provide public transit service to the communities of Chambly, Richelieu and Carignan. This area is in southwestern Quebec, Canada, about east of Montreal on the Richelieu River. In 1993 it was agreed to expand service to St-Mathias-sur-Richelieu, and in 1994 it was the turn of Marieville to join.
"Gestrans" has been contracted to manage the transportation system from 2008 through 2012 with "Veolia" (formerly Connex Group) operating the buses, under an agreement that expires at the end of 2011.
Services.
Most bus routes terminate either at Longueuil or at the downtown Montreal bus terminal via a reserved bus lane on the Champlain Bridge. Both locations provide a connection with local bus services or the Montreal Metro. There are local taxibus routes in Carignan.

</doc>
<doc id="19320371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19320371" title="Noriko Mizoguchi">
Noriko Mizoguchi

Mizoguchi claimed the silver medal in the Women's Half-Lightweight (– 52 kg) division at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. In the final she was defeated by Spain's Almudena Muñoz. She also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
